BORN AN ABSOLUTE ASS FOR YOU ARE
Hey guys, how do you like your steak?
I want something with a little kick, something with some bowl
I want something so spicy it gets me right over here and over here
Yeah, here, here and even here, right in my fucking fresh steak
Yeah, something bowl, the steaks are so bowl that if I put it over my s*** I couldn't fit for a wink
Yeah, bowl, the steaks are so bowl that if I shoved it up my ass I could breathe fire for a month
Hey, that's pretty f***ing bowl
H1 Bold Steaks Sauce for guys who like their steak with big flavor
H1 Bold is for you
I want a steak sauce so bowled, so bowlsy that if I eat a whole bottle I'll have a flame coming out of my ass like the freaking space shuttle
Hey, hey, calm down over there, it's just a f***ing steak sauce, H1 Bold Steaks Sauce
Now that's bold
Twenty after a tent at WID pour some on your apple sauce and you're putting by the way before you off yourself
By the way, he didn't have cancer
Oh, sorry, damn it, too late now and they were all castrated too by the way
Because naturally all of them are just most of them
I think all of them, well maybe not the women
They were castrated, they had their things cut off, what do you mean most of them?
I thought they were all castrated
The initial report said that some of the males were castrated, I didn't hear the one on the other
Yeah, but didn't hear what the coroner said
You call that a penis?
Exactly, they were castrated, man
They were ballast and brainless
But they were very nice people
When is the media going to stop with this crap?
Tell us about what they were morons, they were idiots, they were people with no lives
The one guy for crying out loud even went to U of M
Do you know any more than that?
No life, morons, idiots, dummies, buying into a bunch of bull crap
And they're going to get on the comets coming
And they're all of a sudden going to shed these bodies
And they're going to wind up on serious
And they're going to, what are they going to do up there?
Now that they're castrated, they're evidently not going to have too good of a time up there
So what's the point when you come right down to it?
Of course he was a fag
Here's the Miami, hello
Hi Uncle Neil
Yes sir
Actually the castration was based on a coin toss, no lie
No
Yes
Yes
Yeah, because one guy who didn't go...
Tales or head
Well that's the question didn't it?
That's what Marshall Apple what you said, Tales or Head
One of the survivors actually was on the news
Right, two nights ago, one guy didn't go the all the way I guess
And he said he was one of the lucky ones
Because he just had a daughter I guess
So, yeah
Kind of crazy
But I called him actually one of the things I think is funny
You notice how every few years they have these people and statues that have stigmoda
You know and they have blood from their palms etc
Yeah
The stupid thing about that is that Jesus was nailed and is rusted his hands
So he wouldn't be bleeding from the palms of his hands
But how could you have palm Sunday?
What are you going to have rists?
How about Limprist Sunday?
First thing I like hash Wednesday
Limprist Sunday ain't bad that they celebrate that at the Vatican, I guarantee you that
Sure
Uh huh
And they got that right close for it
Yeah huh
Anyway, I can there you have people believe this crap you know what?
How can people I mean the people who lived then 2000 years ago they said
Who the hell are you kidding?
And those were the dumbest most superstitious people of all and they didn't believe it
T.T. Barnum and Ripley were the ones who were in the right line of business
Jesus God and Joseph
They were yanking people's money
Okay, God bless you my son
See ya
Dade County 622 come on let's get some spy reports on that Sintillating Game On Saturday
Let's go
Go out of town for a couple of days for a nice weekend
I don't want to mention I had Laura C. Quart ice cream at the Eaton Center that would be bad
But uh go out of town for a couple of days come back and wait and get filled in
I'm sure I missed a dynamic performance in section 124
Hey ref you suck yeah right
We're gonna lynch that damn rat guy today or what once the next home game uh when is the next week
God we're on the road all week what a pleasure what a Machia we have like a little break now
Next home game where lynch in the rat man up there in 124
I still think it's a good idea instead of having the a mascot instead of having Stanley C. Pantheos slide down that thing before the game
We're just gonna let that we're gonna grease that thing up real good and let the rat man slide down it from about 600 feet above
Hey rat man you suck
What an asshole like I is I mean you know it was great during the playoffs all the enthusiasm
But this guy's out of control doesn't have any idea he fits in like a glove because he has no idea what the game is all about
And these people the loudest ones are the ones that don't know what they're talking about ever notice that like on those talk shows oh sorry
Here's plantation hello
Plantation hello yes sir
When is Diaz?
When Diaz how are you today?
Wonderful
Come and stay
I think you forgot me
I forgot you what?
You remember Indian guy came to your car?
Oh and you said the I got to play something I said I'm gonna play it right off the bed it was about my grandpa's own grandpa
Right?
No I came to your car Friday
Right
Right
And I ask you
That's what I just said I'm my own grandpa and I said I played right off the bed after that
But I will play it in a few minutes
Okay thank you very much
And don't do that again
Okay thank you
And don't eat too much curry it'll kill you
Okay
Okay and don't listen to kid curry he'll kill you
Okay
Wow
So that was the guy
Yeah
Friday
Asmr to where he's out there I'm getting in my car
Right
And he comes right up to the window
He was okay it was a good guy
I heard about the incident after the fact and I was concerned
What incident?
That this guy blocked your car in and accosted you out in the parking lot
Didn't accost me?
Well that's what they mean
He wanted to hear some stupid bit this morning I said
Okay man whatever you want he's an Indian guy
He's an Indian guy
He said can I ask something and I said what's that?
He didn't have no dot
How come only the women have the dot?
What does that mean?
That they're circumcised?
What is that what's the significance?
I'm sure it means something
Is it like putting the ashes on your forehead?
Oh thank God we don't do those ridiculous barbaric stupid idiotic things anymore in the world today
Thank the Lord
Thank God that the Orthodox Jews aren't the
And then that course I haven't even commented on that because it's so typical
Or the Orthodox Jews now or they had a big thing on the CNN over the weekend about that
That's right if you're not real super orthodox you're not like a real Jew
No matter how close they cut it to the bone
No matter how little you got left like in my case
You're still not no matter how many how many how many how many how many how many how many how many how many touched you eat
You're still out of real Jew
Only they got the answers
And you want to know why?
Because they're just like the right wing Christians man they're crazy
You're in a bed bug
Well we don't like your views on homosexuality and about abortion and all this other crap
Sounds familiar huh?
So when you're talking religious fanatics it don't make any difference whether they're Jews or goyem or Arabs or whatever they are
In fact when you talk in religion in general, why is he starting with this today on Easter Monday?
And how come Ron and Ron were on tape by the way this morning? That's what I would like to know
For Easter in honor of Easter Monday, what the hell is that all about?
And they still played a tape where we had all kinds of technical problems because we didn't want you to feel like you couldn't relate to it
Broward County were waiting on you this morning
It's gonna be one of those days make no mistake about it's gonna be a deadly Monday
I resigned myself to that fact before even walked in the door this morning. I said it's Monday
You just you can kind of feel it you can smell it you can smell it in the air
So let's hear about that great game on Saturday come on
Man talk about synthetic and artificial even at poor bastard with the artificial legs in the closet that made the front page of the paper this morning
Even he never saw anything so artificial is this a town
They're really into it man. They're smoldering. They're just really yeah, right tell me another good one
1026 at W. I. O. D. I got something in my hand right now that's famous no not that I'm talking about Wolfe's menu
Look at that there it is
That's the same red and yellow and white for a hundred and fifty thousand years that wolfies has been famous for and they got the exact same
Great wolfies menu at the brand new wolfies right here in Hollywood and they are
Jammin it there is what I understand they are packing it in there in the food too
You can go to breakfast starting at seven o'clock in the a and wolfies and get a complete breakfast starting at only
$2.22 and they got all the great things like I said that wolfies is famous for
pancakes and waffles and french toast and omelettes and every kind of egg dish out of the sun upside down and straight side up
They got lunch specials every day starting from 3.95 during the weekdays
And they've got the early bird every afternoon between three and five or just six 95 and a little bit more for a complete dinner
If you mentioned Neil sent you Monday through Thursday
You get a buck off on the early bird so you're practically eating a complete meal for free
They got you the dill pickles and the course law and those great little Danishes in the morning
All the great things that wolfies is famous for look those mild high sandwiches pile the sky and those great desserts big fresh every day
Right there on the premises
Kids aged ten and under eat free Monday through Wednesday wolfies is open till 10 p.m
Weekdays Friday and Saturday late till midnight if you love great food
You don't have to be Jewish you can even be as goi-shay as the day is long
You're going to love the brand new wolfies in Hollywood
Unshared in street right across from ty park in the park shared in plaza got it
I
My own grandpa
I'm my own grandpa
Yes, I am sounds funny. I know but it really is so yes, I'm my own grandpa
Many many years ago when I was 23 I was married to a widow who was pretty as could be
This widow had a grown-up daughter who had hair a red my father fell in love with her and soon they two were wet
This made my dad my son-in-law and changed my very life for my daughter was my mother
Because she was my father's wife to complicate the matter even though it brought me joy
I soon became the father of the bouncing baby boy my little baby them became a brother-in-law to dad
And soon became my uncle though it made me very sad
Or if he was my uncle then that also made him brother of the widows grown-up daughter
Who of course was my stepmother
Fathers wife then had a son who kept them on the run and he became my grandchild because he was my daughter son
My wife is now my mother's mother and it makes me blue because although she is my wife
She's my grandmother too if my wife is my grandmother then I'm her grandchild and every time I think of it
It nearly drives me wild where now I have become the strangest case you ever saw as husband of my grandmother
I am my own grandpa
Oh
My own grandpa
It sounds funny. I know but it really is so yes, I'm my own grandpa
1032 at W.I.O.D. I wonder why that is George. What do you think the reason for that be?
I don't know I have no idea and quite frankly couldn't care less
We have an open line in a mobile one purple line pound I.O.D. Let's hear about that game Saturday not
Oh my god
So and Michael Mayo by the way has a big column into paper. I knew sooner or later he'd come around not
That's right. Guess what he's writing about this morning in a sunsendal
He's writing about and I checked the weekend papers just to make sure okay
What is with this overhead by the way George? This thing sounds like crap
It sounds like direct today. What the hell? I love these weekends. I love coming in on
Monday and over the weekend Friday everything was great
It was sensational and you coming on a Monday no matter where you're working
It's like everything's been reconfigured and rescued around and it sounds bizarre man. It sounds bizarre
So what does Michael Mayo write about a whole big column on the back page?
Of course on the sunsendal sports section today where it belongs so he can wipe his ass with it
musters revenge sweet as apple pie
Tomas mooster muster fooster whatever the hell is name is a bunch of tennis crap
Now we know that once upon a time when he was like a little boy Michael Mayo used to write about tennis
Before he'd like graduated beyond that and wrote about real sports
But now it is you write a whole column look at that the whole damn page long about tennis
Does he mention anything in there? I noticed Tom jicke wrote a big column about David Halberstam
And what a great guy he is and how Eddie Kaplan likes him. He never stole a freight train nice go and Tom
By the way get rid of that picture. You look like an old fart on the chemo therapy
Have you seen that picture a jicke in the paper the one where he looks like he's done 20 years of chemo
I'm serious. I mean, I know we're all getting older Tom good come on
Talk about on flattering
So nice job Michael Mayo as you continue not to do what you promised you would do and you just don't have the scrotum to do it
Man, it pisses me off
Is there anybody in this town who's not a bull crap artist? That's what I'd like to know
Just one bull crap artist after another. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna write a retraction
I'm gonna at least write that I wish I wouldn't have written that last thing and I don't want to see the guy fired
Well, he's not getting fired. I realized that but why don't you live up to what you promised? We heard it right here on this show
You jack as you why can't you do it?
I mean if you got that much space why can't you like why we you know they put the little stars near the little ass to risk
Maybe you don't want to risk his ass. Maybe the sun sent a won't let him put it in there. That's what I'm hearing
Are you that much of a pussy that you're letting the newspaper dictate what you're gonna put in your column?
I noticed they didn't have any objections to the first column when you ripped David Halberstam and asked and asked for him to be fired
Which I think we ought to get a firing squad for Michael Mayo get him and the guy the rat guy from the hockey games
Get the two of them together and take care of their ass right now
There you go the rat guy and
Speaking of newspapers and bizarre things and how come we haven't had a call about this yet this morning
Of course we haven't had a call about too much. It's Monday. What do you expect?
There's a thing in the living arts section in the herald today
Which I don't read the heraldota was laying around the price was right it was free
And I look in here and it says play ball is the cubs take the pro player field on opening day
We compare the goods and vads of south Florida versus those of the windy city
And it's got a list it doesn't say who wrote this crap. It just says the list
Okay
And if I were whoever responsible for this column
I wouldn't put my name on this piece of crap either
And it goes on about opening day 1997 the cubs visit the marlins at joe robby stadium
Bapapapapah this and it says let's not fall into rampant homoism here
Even though the cubs have about as much chance of reaching the world series this year as Neil Rogers
And the marlins look like fierce fish indeed
Well, what does that mean?
They have about as much chance of reaching the world series this year as Neil Rogers
I got news for you guys. I'm probably going to be going to the world series whether anybody knows it or not
And then it goes on to compare you know what they got in Chicago
What we got here like as if there's some comparison between the two cities other than the weather
Taking the weather out which we can't control
Like it says they have deep dish Chicago style pizza. We got rice and beans. Okay
We got arroz con uh, no that's the chicken. We got rice and beans
They got deep dish pizza the greatest uh, if you like that stuff
Which weighs about 85 pounds of pie and we got rice and beans
As in great
I rest my case they got here e Carter. We got rid of Gary Carter
They got holy cow we have in the wind column. Oh geez not yo angel with that contrived excitement again
But anyway, it's in that they have Sally fits we had Sally fits as in
So at any rate great column again and what the hell my name
I guess it's just a gratuitous way to drop my name in as if saying we got Neil Rogers and they don't
uh
Which is the only thing beside the weather that we got here that's worthwhile because the rest of it
Trying to compare this town as Chicago is a joke. I mean Chicago is one of the few big cities in this country where it's like clean
Clean I'm not talking about Cicero now
I'm talking about downtown the loop like most of the city you know where the white people are
It's clean. It's beautiful. It's great. The food is great. Rostread is great. Everything is great
But uh, hey
But we got nice weather here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I went through the game Saturday. All right. Here we go. Here's the report
I've missed the game in four years. Yes
Worst crowd in history of the world. What do you mean size? No yahu's. Oh, I mean they were cheering and you saw
And they were cheering for miss checks. Yeah, I mean it was terrible
I don't I don't think anybody knew anything about hockey. They don't they I mean
It's the fourth year almost over now and they still know nothing this crowd
I mean I said here day after day trying to just have even if I take 10 minutes out of the day to have a meaningful
Conversation about the greatest sport in the world and these people here know nothing
They don't know what they're watching out there and half of them left during the third period
I like it with 20 minutes and it was like 15 minutes left to go nice
Well, it's a boring game too. By the way, notice another shorthanded goal against us there. Robbie's Amateur
Yeah, hell of a player by the way and did you know that a Robbie Nearmer was a member of heaven's gate cult?
He doesn't have a pair. Yeah, I know that
And he's waiting to get in by the way
Any any couldn't make it in. Yeah, thanks for the good news. Okay. Sorry. I missed that. Sorry. I wasn't here for that game Saturday
And by the way, who was that sitting in your seats? Probably Jeff Rimmer's wife and some friend
I guess since I gave Farrell the seats because I knew I wasn't gonna be here. I don't want no empty seats
I wanted some asses in those seats, okay
But evidently I missed a real coma inducing performance and the rumor has it that Eddie Joe is getting benched or got benched for that game
Or whatever the deal is and long overdue is all I can say
Oh, and we had a guy get a home from the uh getting the car at the airport last night
And turn on this radio station and there's guess who was on here doing sports talk
It was right in fact it was the post game show it was
The last minute. Yeah
Doing the post game show after the heat caved in and lost to the raptors no less in Toronto
To the raptors no less and then they come on at six o'clock with sports talk which I keep waiting every every few days
We keep hearing that this is the last sports talk show on i.o.d
The week you're in that they keep threatening. This is the last sports talk show ever ever well maybe
And then you tune in on the weekend and there's another one
So Phil Ladsman is out with some guy and I'm thinking who is this guy that he's got on with him
And what are they arguing about again? I shouldn't even mention it about the stew barn straight and about Chris Wells
And I'm thinking Jesus are you still with that
And the guy's name he had on with him you won't are you ready for this was Saul Steinberg
Saul Steinberg don't wait. He have any glam doing sports in this town just one
Just one besides Joe Rose in jimang which okay. Can we have one goi in this town doing sports
We got Steinberg and Goldberg and uh what's what's the uh and Goldie what's his name Goldstein
And de Forest who's got a goi chaname but he's another one yet and
Ruben and and uh yeah him too another Jew
And he says this is the Jew crew because it's Easter Sunday night
Just one Jew after another doing sports in this town would be like Michael Mayo
There's another one. What he says name was Mosque of it
I agree with that orthodox rabbi he ain't Jewish. I don't care what the hell that what his name was he ain't Jewish
But what a disgrace this guy is rambling on I guess they were trying to stir up some controversy or something and maybe get a call
Which didn't happen but this guy had no idea what he's a guy from channel 10 I guess who does isn't on the year
Thank God, but he's like the sports uh what he he is to channel 10
What Bernie Rose news to be to channel four like an impediment just kidding Bernie
Here's Liberty City hello
You know good morning. No. Yes, sir. All I can say about the hockey is a cartner if it's Joel and Beezer
Yeah, they did it. They played good. They played good. Yeah, and everybody else stuck to join out and he's yeah
They spunk the joint out and the anti-audience. Uh-huh. But I was listening to the radio. Yeah, but the day before that
If you want to really hear some juicy stuff
Mr. Man, which was in a heated uh
What do you call it? He did what do you call it? Yeah?
Concon conversation with depot about the word cune
And man let me tell you this man was a fooling around that day. Yeah later on today
They were into a cool thing. They were into a cool thing. You know how you
You got hands of free. Yeah, but he never mentioned that word cune as far as the
University of Miami is concerned depot said he did in a paper
But lay around today. Maybe some callers may give you some more juice on that
So check it out. What was the point though? I mean uh that depot accused of a slander word cune and he never said the word cune before as
Relating as in like hurricane as in like cool. Oh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, where is mandus is deal my material already?
No, they're they're trying to
Infocaine him as as using your material. Yeah, and he denied it
He denied it and he used the gd word. Yeah, that's why I was wondering why you didn't get that contact
Yeah, and also he was and he just he said some Jewish name
Who did man with mandus is Jewish too? He said a Jewish name and I don't know if it's a
Retaining to uh, people, but he said a Jewish name. I couldn't uh, oh my god
Like I just didn't and what a coincidence. I just got through saying all the sports guys this down our Jewish
You better check it out. That would be a great song by the way for good term and all the sports guys are Jewish
That's it and listen where is rimmer? I want to hear the guy. What I want to see if he's gonna come on your show. You what's gonna happen
Rimmer yeah, gonna come on his show
Your show I'm saying. Yeah, is he gonna visit or what we're waiting for he's out of town. He's in Pittsburgh right now. We speak
Come on, remember what I hear you. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna beg him
I've asked him to be on his show 65,000 times and unless the price is right and he gets just exactly the right meal
Etc. And so on he just can't be bothered. He's a star now. He's too big for us
Check this concept out, Neil. If he wants to make money let tax and buy a contract rights to the
Pampus game put it on your show and you do a little flip by flip play on
Flip by flip. Yeah, instead of paying spots. Okay. Okay. Now have a great day pal. Thanks for the bad news
And don't say Koon. I won't okay
Herk Koon, huh? Man, oh man are these guys desperate
Oh
Does Jeff river kiss Chris Wells behind I like it does he have a reason for defending this guy all right
He's constantly falling and the puppy can find does Jeff river kiss Chris Wells behind
And ever since they trade it's true. They've been playing real trolley the reason they gave was to save the team money
And we know that Chris may be a pretty nice guy
Buddy fumbles and he stumbles and trips on the blue lie is this the best and fine and Murray can find
The teams in the coma and they'll never say why
Defending his easy if you die all the time does Jeff river kiss Chris Wells behind
1045 at w i o d two open lines and dayed six two two nine four six three
85 open lines and brow it as in all three of them seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
W i o d in the two nationwide lines the worldwide the web lines at one triple eight four seven four
W i o d were they all circumcised where they all uh is not what they were I don't think that they were like
chopped
They weren't castrated. They were circumcised
Via so in other words you think that they deserve today is not what you want to say but you didn't say it since you had that
Subwork on your pussy the world they have no idea what they're missing
It's not their fault most of them
If it was 95 degrees in the middle of July would you want to be wearing a turtle neck sweater
If you're trying to can I do the spot please before you're starting with that smegam smegamacrap on and on and on just obsessed with foreskin
Just uh into it deeply
Of course can envy if you're tired of getting a busy single every time you try to get online and maybe also a busy single when you look to get help
From your internet provider if you've had it pick up the phone and call our friends bridge nut
They can solve the problem for you immediately if not sooner just call three seven four thirty thirty one bridge
That's the internet provider that care about getting you online. That's what they do. That's what their businesses all about
They've got the frontliest most knowledgeable support staff and they can help you with all your internet needs at bridge nut
They can help you get your business online. They can even help you create a full-color storefront for your business
They've done it for cocoa walk for base-side marketplace for the streets of mayfair and lots of big shooters
And if you call them by the end of March, which is like today your first month is absolutely free
That's like today. So you better call them today isn't right now get online with our friends at bridge nut
Get rid of those busy signals forever call three seven four thirty thirty one do it right now
Because I think if I check real close it's the end of March three seven four thirty thirty one bridge nut
six ten
W-I-O-T back don't worry. This is the little gas
This is Colin Dibbett with an investment update report
Statistics show a trend towards declining circumcision rates. This means opportunity in each
Sighting world of smegma futures. Don't miss out on this investment opportunity with less
Circumcision comes more smegma. This could yield huge returns on the future
Smegma options could provide you and your loved ones with a sizable extra income
Call us today for a perspective so I'm investing in a smegma market call
four skin that's one six hundred three six seven seven four five six remember you may lose some or all of your investment
Possibly even more so call one six hundred three six seven seven four five six
I had no four skin ten fifty ten eleven a W-I-O-T on a smoldering smoking first hour here on Monday on Easter Monday
Anybody get any good eggs over the weekend?
How about Easter eggs? How about chocolate? How about those rustle-stover dark chocolates with the raspberry filling inside?
That's right. You don't like raspberry. How about with the caramel inside? Okay. Mm-hmm
You just bite off the end and it's just like melts in your mouth and the caramel like all kind of like
Melts and moushes into that dark chocolate as it starts. Oh dribbling all together
Mm-hmm
Oscar Lapidus eat your hearts eat your parts out
So anyway, let's get serious. Okay, let's we're gonna be doing a remote show from
Sirius
So is what's her name on the night or do we have a heat game? That was bad. What's your name? Passion clones
Is she gonna be on tonight or what? I understand. She's a very nice person too by the way. You don't have a sit on go pick it on her
What you should have a schedule through Monday in there. Okay, let's take a look at the schedule. Here we go. It's
31st regular schedule no heat game tonight. I guess
So we got Brooke from six to nine and from nine to midnight. We got
Aaron K
What are you smiling about? Isn't that her name? Aaron K
And passion clones, but she's a very nice person and she brought in pizza for the whole staff on Friday and why should I be ripping her an ass and
you know
Our consultant's gonna be critiquing her performance on and off the air. What's wrong with that?
Here's South Miami. Hello
South Miami
Right here. I'm here. How you doing? You're there. I'm here
Uh, it's one to change the subject a bit if there was one there's no subject on this show
The show is for anybody that's got balls enough to pick up the phone. What you got? You're supposed to everybody out
Yes, one of them right now. All right. Okay. I just want to commend you on one thing good
About the comment you like you made a reference to about the difference between Italians and Italy and Guitos
Yes, for so long I've been trying to explain to people the difference and finally someone finally made it clear to everyone and then as you
Yeah, and I just you know
I heard it that day. It just put about everything come together. I mean you're good in Italy
You don't find anybody who's even remotely like the Guitos you find in New York
I mean, that's that's not what being Italian is all about an addition to which they bastardized the language and
this
mozzarella and
Cup of ghoul and that there are just like all New Yorkers. They're very arrogant and they insisted
That's the way that real Italians
Pronounced those words and it is not exactly they know nothing about being a titan
In fact, most of them probably never been to Italy in their lives and probably wouldn't even get a visa or a mastercard there
Exactly and the other thing I want to talk about two Godfather questions. Yeah
Now I bought this book in the bookstore. It's about the Godfather legacy and it said there's a a whole thing together
It's called the Godfather trilogy which scenes that were cut out. Yeah
Do you know anything about this? What do you mean do I know anything about it? I got it got it
Yeah, you go to a real video store and you're buying it. That's what you do
It's a worth getting. I mean of course
Of course if you got 40 50 hours someday when it's a real boring day when it's raining like hell
Which any day in the summer here like on a weekend and you sit there and your pop it in night in the morning and you're
All set till about 340 afternoon. It goes on forever. It's great. Okay, and the other question I had and like it says
They've done it in chronological order so it makes sense right
Uh the other question I had that when the senator in the second
Movie is in the hotel my offer to you senator is this nothing
Yes
When when the girls you know word in the bed someone had told me now I disregard this that he killed her
My whole thing the whole time was that they sent him up that who killed her that uh
He did he was he was in a rage and he killed her in the center. What the hell is that all about of course not there
They were what is that?
They made him an offer they couldn't refuse the devotee right well. I don't know what this person was they were on
They were on heavy drugs tell him to take some of tapioca pudding some apple sauce fino barbertole will be okay
There you go. Well, okay, can I call someone a douchebag? Go ahead
Andy and Paul your sour wet douchebag. Okay. All right. I'll read it. Are you okay? Reve it action. Ciao
Deadlines wide open here this morning. It's a typical Monday
We've had no women call this morning in the first hour. We're gonna get a woman on during this first hour and not he asked no
What oh, yes, we are here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. I want to know why you're like constantly ripping the fans at the Panther games
I mean at least they're the fans that show up consistently and keep selling out that arena
I most of because they don't know what hell is going on
Just showing up just showing up there and putting your ass in the seat doesn't mean you have any idea what's going on
Yeah, that's great that it's great that we're I was want to answer do you want an answer? Do you just want to scream?
I'm just learning the game, but at least I show up and I try to get a better knowledge all I ever had here was football
Yeah, like I have to educate myself how many years does how many years does it take before people start understanding what's going on in front of them
How many years I couldn't afford tickets for a while and I haven't been able to go to the hockey seminars at the Panthers present and another thing is a
Chris Wells has been improving
Chris Wells sucks
Chris Wells blows I mean without Chris Wells there were some games
We would have lost because he put up the scoring opportunities. Oh my god. Are you dreaming? Are you on heavy medication?
No, not at all. Are you sleeping with Bill Cosby? Are you eating jello pudding by the graceful?
No, but you're never saying anything positive
Chris Wells blows
Chris Wells blows, okay when somebody plays good out there. I'll tell you oh god, but be very objective
You're trying to make a case for a kid that can't play the game. Now he's talking kaka
You've been rimerized hard work against the board. It's game. Yeah, me a break is first you admit that you don't know
I think about the game and I want to sudden because you like the way he looks or you like his mustache or whatever it is
You're like your clueless Chris Wells is not a player sweetheart. He's not a player. He blows
But don't you remember they said he's a project player? We don't need no project
So okay, we can't we were in the Stanley Cup finals last year
You don't trade away establish good players that score a lot of goals
Especially when you got a team that can't score
Well, I admit that that we can't score any goals. We don't score. How many goals did we score? How many do we score on on Saturday?
Getting rid of one was a mistake, okay? Because it threw all the players off
But still we've got destroyed the chemistry of the team destroyed the chemistry of the team
There's no point of rehashing it. It's it was a bad deal
And these people out there who just professional askissers no matter what Brian Marie does no matter what they're saying
Oh, yes or yes or yeah, and you want to know why because they don't know anything
I was not pleased in the beginning, but I'm happy now. Well, I'm glad you're happy. Thank you. Okay, go Panthers
Get out of here
Okay, we have Broward lines open 7-6 how you constantly? I'm the one that got everybody to go out there in the first place
Which he forgets conveniently
I'm the one that tried to say hey football is boring for crying out loud
In fact, I was reading an article yesterday, which by the way too bad about Michigan losing the championship game
In fact, they didn't even get in the championship game. They got beat by Boston by BU
In a semi-final in the college thing
But at any rate there was a big piece in one of the papers over the weekend about all the kids at Michigan now
You can't get a ticket to a university of Michigan hockey game
Whereas of course football used to be the only thing on campus and yesterday still jam
107,000 people in an and our Bernest Ateam
But nevertheless hockey is next to footballs the hottest thing going on at campus
Because a lot of the students have discovered this is where the action is
This is the greatest sport in the world and I'm the one that turned everybody on to a penile of a sudden
They're the experts and because I just won't go along with the pogrom all of a sudden. I'm a bad guy
Okay, Chris Wells god. Yeah, there you go. Oh god. I love him
He's the best
1057 hey ref you suck
1057 a W I O D
Don't get weird on us. It's only radio
16 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale
In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best now
This great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best
Step into the confessional Billy. I don't know father. This makes the 47th time. I've been in there this way
Oh Billy you want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking?
Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private seat for all the fun
Just enter the rectory from the rear all right Billy boy. It's time for your flute lesson
But father your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make you deno. Oh, it will Billy. It will
Father knows best once you've seen this new sitcom you'll wonder why you've never heard about it
Let me introduce you to Saint Peter
Father knows best going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here
Today's the day
El Prasio
It's fallen now we stand by his window calling come and jump with me
My stocks are fading even though I don't some heavy trading
To hit the pavement I'm in there sub-pating come and jump with me
oh
Mark it's crashing my life is flashing before my very eye
I'm
Never call things
Now I'm standing
50 floors above where I'll be landing oh, I'm family I will be stranded
Come and jump with me
Okay, oh the economy
Wow
100 me that thing that you're always dropping so fast that even leaping Lee is getting hemorrhoids
Okay, it's down 136 you can't even you can't even follow the bouncing arrow on CNBC and the NASDAQ's down 22
This could be the day baby by the end of the day. We're all wiped out
Okay, look at those phones man speaking of wiped out
We got all the day lines are open 62 to W.I.O.D
We have all the powered lines are open 767 W.I.O.D
We got one call on the board here at 11 o'clock
On a Monday is this beautiful or what no wonder we had Saul Steinberg on here the other night
We are just desperate we're gasping for oxygen here reaching out to testicles and tentacles
And what do we get that one sour bitch on air how come I don't know anything about the game give me a chance
But but but but then she goes on to elect you about what a great player number 23 is which I don't want to mention his game a name again
Anyway, screw these people. Okay. I got a great three-page facts here with a naked picture of Josh Moral who plays Nick on a young and a horny
It says many of you know him as Nick on the CBS soap opera the young and arrestless
But I knew Josh way before that big break happened
I mean as this from a guy or a whatever doesn't say but it does say he's straight damn it
Uh getting on a soap changes your life suddenly you've got money people start recognizing you start getting strange letters from W.I.K.D.
I'll tell you a secret being on a soap isn't really any big deal not out here
It's great because it's work and actors want to work
But it's considered pretty low on the entertainment food chain
Personally, I have a group of friends who are working actors several of them on soaps some of them drop the soap
We think of it is a job and we don't think of our friends as celebrities or any of that foolishness
Josh loves to perform
It says he loves the camera. He used to do theater out in the valley anything to have an audience
He used to call me up all the time and say let's go shoot squirt squirt
He'd say I remember he always used to say Marco. You're the man you the man
Bruce Weber also like Josh Bruce loved Andre too
He used to call my house in the middle of the night to talk to Andre
Anyway, Bruce had a hand money to Josh so we'd eat a right and work out
Josh like getting naked for pictures. It says he has uh had a freedom about that
He's a big flirt and a very girl crazy guy most of the time. Yes, he's straight
And it goes on and on and on Josh and I shot pictures many times we shot together
Squirt squirt many times at Griffin's
Griffith Park we shot at the nude beach and in my backyard. We shot out at Madador beach one time too
This must be somebody to know as the JC by the way and you notice we don't see him around here no more since he got the haircut
That's the end of him since he looks that good. You'll never see that child again no more
So evidently this is some fag model out there who used to get naked with Josh and look a lot
Dead County 6229 463 6222 W. I. O. D. Here's Portland. Hello. Hey main or Oregon. Oregon. Oh boy. Why I'm glad to be the hell out of there
Yeah, I don't blame you. Congratulations, sir
Thank you when you say uh living a breathing people that leaves this place out
It's not a joke. I mean, it's for real
There there aren't any old cranial people here. They've taken every dead head in the universe and they've jandim all in there the
South of southern part of this Pinesola. There's only one thing that's missing here. Yeah, that's right
You know what now that I'm on the internet man. I'm all over the place. Can you tell me that?
Can I tell you what the website page?
You got to do is do uh the real radio thing on uh what is it George
George
What's the what's the website now because I get confused with the old the old one the audio net. Yeah
W. W. W. W. W. Dot audio net audio net dot com dot com anything for w i. O. D.
Look under live radio on talk
Pretty of talk and we're there
All right. Hey, thank you. You'd be amazed at the response we get not
Hey, um, can can you leave me a hold and play one little bit for me? What is that young meal?
Oh, have a great day pal
Okay, leave me a hold at least. Okay, I almost talked his way out of that leave my hold for about uh
We have two open lines in date six two two nine four six three six two two
Boy, I'll tell you Easter is of course you got to understand something
I hope you're ready for this. This is the beginning of the summer yet
You don't realize this lot of people think it's the beginning of the spring wrong
Once Easter is over and then especially paysock the seasons over the parties over baby
I see highly a park they had 6500 people there yesterday on a Sunday no less on a Sunday. Oh my god man
Dead or then dead now the seasons over now
I'll just for making the emerald coast as popular as it is now. I couldn't get in there myself last night
Actually, if they knew who the hell I was
If they knew who I was when John went in there if we they knew us they would have said hey
We'll clear a table aside for you now mr. hot shot. Here you go. You go right in there and eat your hearts content
If they realized I'm making them millionaires the richest chinks in town
But do they have any idea who I am? Do I look for any special treatment there? You damn right? I do am I getting it?
No, am I pissed off? Yes
They should be treating me with velvet gloves in that joint. I'm packing that joint morning noon and night every month. I can don't
I stick and
Of course with publics decide to be very from yesterday on Easter Sunday and closing a lot of people you know they were eating out
All the Jews all the kids were eating out there yesterday all the real old ancient geriatric blue hairs
Dave County 6229 463 every line and dead is dead is dead is a date is a door meal. Here's plantation. Hello
Why are you picking one night? Oh god here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood hi, yes, sir. Go along with your Portland West Coast call. I was just out in California. I thought I told it
I heard your old pill handry out there. Yeah
Yep, congratulations. We're getting out of here. What's that he's no dummy. He got the hell out of here
Yeah, he was on late at night that out there, but uh, what is on late at night you need to
You need to get out there somewhere. I mean they have a lot of mediocre shows
But I tell you people here don't realize what we got with you now
But they're dead heads here. That's the thing that's the only thing besides working for this company
That's the only thing that's a negative is the fact that these people are impossible to get through
You have to beat him over the head with a sledgehammer
I mean out there if you try to have an intelligent or even a goofball conversation with these people about anything
It's not just hockey. It's anything. They don't know from nothing other than early bird dinners
That's the only thing they know about they know nothing here
I tell you with that stuff that went down in Rancho. I was dying to come back here just to hear your talk, you know
Because I missed all that. Yeah, you miss what there's nobody talking about it. No, there's nobody talking about that here
I think this guy's name is apple sauce. They don't know who the hell he is
Yeah, well
Good luck you now thanks. I'll eat it pal. Thanks a lot
What that what would you like? I've been asking the question for a hundred years. It'll never change
Never change don't get all worked up about it especially on a Monday
Just relax now that you're finally getting your health back now that you're mouthing your tongue and your ears and your
Ennows that the pieces of your head are finally starting to fall back into place again don't get all worked up about these bastards
And that bitch that calls before giving me a lecture because she don't like what I have to say about the team
Who knows nothing about it? But now she's an expert because she went to a couple of games
So now she knows everything and how dear I say all of this and etc. Even though it is true of course
They can't handle the truth. Okay, it's just like the religion bull crap
They can't handle they can't cope with the fact that they've been lied to all of their lives
And they've been so stupid that they never just took five minutes to sit down and think to themselves is this possible
All these bubble mice is is there any logic? Is there any sense to it? Oh, there's no logic after that faith
Yeah, that's what Ralph Reed says
You have to have faith to be as much of a bigoted little prick as he is that's what you have to do you have to have faith
And now I see speaking a bigoted little prick they put the
Buchanan he ain't got nothing to run for now. He's back on CNN and by the way
How come David Halberstin gets in all kind of trouble because he said something that I thought was like much
You do about nothing about Tom Jefferson and the slaves he gets into a big jackpot Ted Turner
He says the other day that it's great that these and I agree with him by the way
But he comes out and he says that it's great that these people off themselves
They didn't run into McDonald's and shoot anybody else they killed themselves
So we got rid of 39 assholes and I scow and Ted
Nobody got pissed off about that
I don't see anybody saying Ted Turner ought to get fired course. He's the boss who we can't get fired
I don't see anybody getting all bent out of shape about it
Screamin's an anethnic thing, huh? That was an erasial thing
Oh
So in other words if uh, Tom Jefferson had white slaves it would have been all right
Is that what you saying or if he had crazy slaves
You can insult crazy people. How do you know they weren't crazy
After you go out there and pick all that cotton man in that hot summer sun trust me
You wind up in plantation
We have a broward lines wide open here. This is brutal today man
If this is the best you guys can do I'm I'm a heave and that music on it. We're playing Gacy the rest of the day
We're gonna play disco all day long until this audience finally gets with it
7679 463 three open lines at brown. We got people killing themselves out there in the name of religion
We got people killing each other. Let's hear about the Middle East peace talks talk about an oxymoron
Everyday we got another story about people killing kids killing each other the Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews
And then the orthodox Jews here are huckin and china kabat unless you eat another the right kind of humontation
You're not quite you're not a real Jew and they're eating the little cookie ones
They're eating the little triangle cookie ones and they think they know something about being a real Jew
They know nothing about it
And it just goes on and on and these people here man
They got nothing to say because they don't want to be bothered with the truth and reality because it's too annoying
It's too annoying. They don't want to be annoyed
622 wild and date 767 wild and brown. We got the one guy on the 11 there. He's on hold
So we got like basically nothing going on here today as usual on a Monday
Why does anybody like I said congratulations to Ron and fiz and Bill and whatever their names are for taking off this morning
Maybe that's going to be their new format every Monday all tape Monday
What they took this morning off because they didn't take Friday off
So they're taking their Easter holiday day. What let me take Friday off did we take Friday off did even that didn't even born again
Rick Riley take Friday off no the other company people did
Yeah
So I guess they felt they were entitled. Oh my god like I said good choice guys
1114 a wild
And
These have done these I got them from Linda energy my
And now I've been slept for three days now
Some weight program give me a break how many drugs do I have to pay my hair's calling out and it's been hard to be
Since I saw Linda energy
My heart's been going wild
Like I want to die
Till that kill and
Not to mention I
Faze out peddling drugs all day that drops on weight
Your brain for doctor husband says it's okay
A physician is his name my
Down my next inning all around and around
Have been slept for three days now
Okay
What a pussy okay 1118 at W.I.O.D
We have two open lines in day six to two 148 open lines and Broward 65
1225 open lines on the appropriate lines and 52
684,000 open lines so the guy in 11 we blew him off finally. Thank you or he a finally hung up and found a life out there in Portland
Probably here's point and beach on a mobile hello. Yeah. Yes. I thought my battery was gonna die. I'm yeah. Yeah
Hey, I just want to let you know there's some real people up here in Palm Beach County who got some balls and
85 years old who lives lives in Syria. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, and you're absolutely right about every line being open
I call it on four different lines and everything is right. What was the point of that? Are you a line checker now?
Is that it? No, I was just you know sometimes I think
Not you but some radio station sir
I'm gonna tell you something when I tell you because I'm the one I tell you how many there are in date
How many brown to give the audience an idea of how many you know what's going on here?
I don't sit here and make things up. This is not contrived radio
That's you got the wrong station for that. Oh, I know
We don't sit here and say if you move quickly you might get in here when we got every line open
You know like certain people that try to psych out the audience right?
I don't think you're a psych out the audience kind of guy. You're just a straight up. I'm just a straight guy right
You're a straight up guy. Yeah. Okay pal. You keep calling and
Screwpud back. Okay. All right you first. Okay. We have an open line on the purple line
That's the mobile one in the out of town line or whatever it is the mobile line at pound IOD
And we have two and Broward 7679 463 767 WIOD
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay?
Listen, did you see that movie yet? Donny Rusk? No, I did not. Oh save yourself man. I had to walk out of that thing
I think
Adam Adam said it was very weak
Yeah, ponderous and just talk yeah, yeah, pop pop pop pop
Yeah, I heard you talking about it the other day and I'm like I got a save on from that
Yeah, now that it's another godfather wannabe and everybody's running out there to see that in the meantime
They should be going to see the godfather and only 95-year-old blue hairs are going. I don't understand that
I don't know which goes to show you that this so-called generation X-lacks
They don't go to anything unless it's hyped sufficiently if it has the proper hype
You can manipulate them to go do whatever you want, but unless you hype it right. They just can't be bothered with it
But what I don't understand is why wouldn't they put the second movie which is the better movie to me?
You know, right? No way. Oh, yeah
No way you don't think so godfather two is better than oh no
Oh my god, I can't believe you said that you're going to purgatory now, sir
Oh, man, you're gonna be there for a long time
Huh, you don't like it better. No way godfather one is the definitive. I mean
But number two is so much. I mean you you understand so much better where they coming from and everything
Yeah, I just like I mean godfather three is the worst made movie, but it's got wait a minute
Wait a minute. No, it was not
It was the work it was the worst acting but nevertheless it had the most important story about the murder of the pope and the Vatican
Banking scandal, but you see people don't care about the story all they care about was
Sophia had a big nose, you know, that's all they know right exactly
She made a hell of a canola that Connie I'll tell you I tell you he just flipped down. Yeah, yeah, how'd you like the way?
Well, I was beautiful. I loved it. That was the best acting that Eli Walla did in the whole movie
Was when he choked on it. It was awesome. It was that part was the guy. I love when he said I have a stone in my shoe and the
The assassin he said solo una spina. I love that. I like it. That was my first Italian lesson solo una spina
I like the part with opportunity. No says they should be afraid of it sister. Yeah, they should be afraid of you
Yeah, notice how there was almost like a comedy routine there. I know now they will fear you. Yeah, right
You're gonna bring that line back. Okay, bitch. Give me a break
All right, Neoma. Okay. Thanks. I'll save my save my eyesight. Okay. Thank you
So Donnie Brasco sucks is what everybody generally says even though the lovely Johnny Depp is in it
Boy, do I Johnny Depp boy? Yeah, I used to like Johnny Depp when he was like a natural guy when he was on the show on Zeta
But that was nine years ago. Wayne says it sucks
Wayne said it sucked Adam said it sucked everybody said Donnie Brasco bites the big one. Okay. So whatever you do
Stay home. Go see the godfather. Will you what else wrong with you?
We have a day lines wide open six two two another very aggravating day here on a Monday another very
Toothpulling day six to two W I O D
Two open lines and Broward seven six seven nine four six three. They don't care about Marshall applegate
Apple sauce. They don't care about that
They don't want to deal with the fact that really and you see that the the mainstream media are presenting this
Like well, they were all just you know very nice people. They just happened to be led down to Garden Pat and
Yadda Yadda but this has nothing to do with religion of course, right?
In fact this morning on that the CBS morning abortion with the five minutes of local cut in that we wind up
They show about two minutes of the network every hour and the rest of the time is like local cut-ins with the guy with the suspenders
And then of course mark McEwen comes on and the other guy that hose a DS blarge towards and you thank the lord that
They're only giving you two minutes an hour of that
And they're going on about there's over two how many of these say two thousand religious of these cults in America today and over a thousand of them have to do with flying saucers
Which she brings us back to another great scene in the godfather when Carla when nuts and uh
She was throwing all of the uh saucers in the everything talking about flying some remember that
She's throwing all the silverware. She's throwing the dishes. Go ahead. You're getting bastard. Go ahead. You spoiled getty brat
Flying cups and saucers right flying cups. How do you like that? I got a cup fatigues from watching that scene
They've county last call for calls and dates six two two wio day. This is this is useless
This is Miami for you man
This is this town hopeless and lifeless dead as a doornail and now that Easter is gone
You might as well just roll up between now and the what December between now and Christmas and Hanukkah forget about it
It's all done
Here's Fairfax Virginia. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir
Have you heard Phil Henry lately?
Can't hear you sir. Hello. Can't hear you. You got either a bad phone or you got it like uh buried somewhere
You got a our guy'll sock on it
Phil Henry. Yeah
Hello
Oh my god. Do you believe this? Let's just leave this guy until two o'clock at a 90's. Sure easy
Okay pal good luck to you
There's a little thing called a phone Alexander Graham balls. Okay. Go buy one
From Fairfax Virginia on the internet this guy and he's got Phil Henry blasting in the background
God we sure don't miss him much. Do we? Oh, yeah two open lines and Broward 7679 463 here's Delray at a mobile hello
Hey, the other guy must have been on top of a pole like a green hiker's out there in Virginia. Sounds like it to me
How you doing all right? Hey?
You got a thank you for the actins there, but on about eight months lost 26 pounds
I used to look like Luca Brotsey, you know, yeah, but I'm doing a lot better with it and uh, yeah, it's really helping me out
Uh godfather one definitely a better movie. Oh, I can't believe I mean that guy was doing so well until he
Got to that point. Yeah, try to tell me that two was better than one
Yeah, the wife are gonna go see probably this weekend
Yeah, it's like you see it on the big screen again. Yeah, it brings back the whole ambience
Yeah, but I don't but don't go see it. I want people to go see it who've never seen it before. What's the point? Yeah
You probably seen the video eight million times already. I know it should mean the music is just so beautiful in that
You know if you got the good stereo in the house there crank it up because that's that's just gorgeous, you know
Yeah, it really is there
Oh
Just makes my heart cry Neil
Hey, I got one for you
Whatever happened to a boon from science doll
Whatever happened him. Yes, I've made a bad mistake
He moved up to Lake Worth with all the dead people and I think out of business. Yeah, I gone
A bad mistake of all he was in a bad location in Broward
So he goes up to Lake Worth and I tried to tell him the median agent lake worth is 195
Yeah, I went on the saw him twice up there, you know, and uh boy. He was something else
Yeah, I always had a picture of you in the wall as you were
He was he was a great guy, but horrendous bad businessman bad businessman great family great guy bad businessman
Yeah, a nice guy though. Well, I'm not a material Neil. Okay pal, but
Thanks for your music there. Okay, never great life whatever you say we have an open line in the mobile one line
The purple line the pound line pick it up and pound it pound IOD we pay for it
Two on the other townlines including Fairfax Virginia, but don't call me back. Please at one triple eight
4749 463 one triple eight 474 how's that market doing making a big comeback? Oh, thank god. Thank the Lord
God can't be bothered with all these people that are often themselves these stupid cults because he's too busy trying to keep
Take care of that delicate balance, which is the world economy. That's all God cares about
Don't be trusted like the rest of us. That's right is money money money
Forget about all this other bull crap
Don't let that Ralph Reed tell you that he cares about anything besides money
Yes, roll that money into all those farbiss and a goi. I'm there the so-called religious right who ain't neither
Now down 92.15 the Dow a big recovery down 130 moments ago
I thought we were gonna like have to run out of here screaming naked in the streets today
So don't panic okay just relax don't be eating low putting an apple sauce today
Don't go getting yourself into a snit rhymes with
1127 at W IOD
Oh
W I O D
admission is the first step
If your kids thought that tickle me Elmo dolls a hot toy way to you see what we have in store for
1997 the tickle me elmer doll
Tickle me elmer a toy no child should be without
You can eat that wing as I like that
Your kids will have fun with that silly little hunter
You can tickle him anywhere
Take on me elmer hours of fun for your kids take on me elmer
Take on me elmer new for 97 your rifle or assault weapons sold separately
1132 W I do why sit that all these are religions. It's the the sex thing
That's so they're all hung up about that it's bad it's evil and when they're going to serious the reason that they got castrated here
Is because they eliminate all of that that's right get rid of the sex and all of a sudden were pure and wonderful and it's great and boring
Really boring and by the way he didn't have cancer oh damn it
Making it just a little more ironic, but like Ted Turner said I'll ride
Get rid of him here's a mobile in Key West. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Key West and you're breaking up on 1 11 mile mark. Oh, sorry about that
But I'm agree with you with Ted Turner. Yeah, I just wanted to ask you. I'm listening to you a lot
How come Ted Turner who's like a big hot shot says something that's very true
But nobody gets upset about it nobody got all bent out of shape and called for his ass. Why is that he can do anything
He wants the last last week he told his company to do whatever the he can do whatever he wants of course good for him
Good for him always thought he was kind of illiterate, but not a bad guy exactly
I'm listening to a lot when I'm out here
Excellent normally from Palm Beach, but one thing I'm Swedish and I'm I want to I want to watch those pandas
But if I can yeah one thing I don't understand is why can't they shoot when they have one month man more?
I mean when they you know, I mean this is
Hey listen the last seven power plays they got the seven goals course five for the other team
That's good five short handed
Yeah, it's so easy to do. It's just make a box and there's one one left. They don't know how to make a box
That's the problem. Yeah, we ever talked to Eddie Jovenoski you understand is IQ ain't that good. You don't know how to make a box
Okay, I really said it. He knows the box when he sees one okay pal Max Sundin is God
Thanks, see ya and boy you're selling into bed either. We're bringing boy you're selling back for the leaves and bill he would
I don't care what that John Shannon says from the cbc and by the way, no, I still don't have my tapes
Oh brother, I'm sorry. I think we're gonna take John Shannon from the cbc and Michael Mayo, Moskovitz from the Sun Sentinel and make a match made in heaven
God all mighty talk about bull crap artists to pop up out give you a song in a day
I
Here's a lady in Davie hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I was at the game on Saturday night. It was so boring
It was way boring and we had a good seat where we could see bezers face. Yeah, he was mad
He was jumping up and down. He's screaming left and right probably taking naps at parts of that game
But if you would have been there I guarantee you would have had a great time. Why I was sitting between Dave and two
14 and Jose from the pizza loft
No, yes, oh no
Yeah, we brought him to see you. He was talking about nudity and everything Jose was there. Yep. Oh my god
If I would have only known it he was looking fine. He had a tight black shirt on a smell real good
He smelled real good. What do you do get your head under his arm? Pitter what?
Melt he felt and smelled
But they
Went down to see it and the mighty pressed first. They wouldn't let him in
Yeah, they thought they they just wouldn't let him in and I'm gonna straighten and you know they're very nice those
Usher's are very nice and they come over before the game and always asking the same question the million times
Which the first 500 times should you know let them know and I'd tell them if people want to come over before the gamer between
Piers I don't mind that and especially Dave and Jose and uh and uh, well, what's his name Jacob? Yeah
What is wrong with those guys? They're two, but he doesn't count. No, he's that big hairy guy that Dave brought down there
Yeah, sure whatever you say
But anyway, we so Jose was there and you were you were squeezed right in between Dave and Jose, huh
That's right and you went home with your husband poor baby. Yeah, well
Always dream. Yeah, but anyway, we got into a game and you weren't there and damn it. I don't know what to tell you
I'm turning the clock back now
Thanks for the bad news all right have a great day. Oh, how depressing how depressing
I'm there at almost every stinking game come on Dave and 214 get with it
We have an open line in day at 622 9463 apparent broward 767 W.I.O.D
The out of town the worldwide web the Palm Beach lines 1.88 474 9463
So like she said what the hell would there be to talk about that game?
One nothing Tampa on a shorthanded goal by the lovely Rob Xameter early in the game
Tommy Fitzgerald ties it up with a minute 25 to go in regulation and they wind up with a one-one tie against a very mediocre team
In a snoozer snoozer rhymes with loser and cruiser and booser
Oh, and that guy up in 124 they're the rat man. I'm telling you we're gonna get his ass
We're gonna get the rat man before the city before the playoffs start. We're gonna straighten his ugly ass out
Here's Fort Lauderdale on a mobile. Hello
Yeah, I do a deal. Okay, sir. Hey, I want to thank you first of all for turning me on to the Atkins thing
Yeah, pounds two months. How's that great sounding in two months. That's outstanding
Now there's one question though. I know I know you're still doing it, but I know who said I'm still doing it
I'm as big as a house. I'm as big as a stadium. But are you still doing the Atkins thing? Yeah, right? Are you? No, I'm not oh you're not oh, why?
Because I fell off the wagon. Okay, question. Yeah, I can't I can't get the strips to get dark
What am I I mean I can look at a carburetidate and this I can't get the damn strips to get dark
Can I ask you a question?
Absolutely. You're losing weight. You're feeling great. You're doing good. Oh, forget about the strips. Okay
Forget about it. Well, I've kind of tapered off. I mean, I'm I'm not losing much weight
Leigh and I'm and I'm really being good man. I just thirty two pounds in two months and you're fetching
Well, I was pretty big. I was 248 just keep doing it just keep doing what you're doing. Okay, you're obviously doing a right
Hey, listen, you got a great show. The only way to improve it
But I realize why you got to do it is you got to take all these stupid sports calls
You got to fill material for four hours
So I understand that but like you say nobody knows the damn thing
And when you're you start talking sports and I'm a reasonably intelligent person
I don't know what the hell's going on
But I know you got to do it meaning what?
Well, I don't know it just wish you could fill it with something else other than talk about sports
When you run out you know get people like me to run out of material
So I shouldn't talk about sports?
No, no, no, it's okay. It's just a percentage wise. How much how much have I talked about sports today?
I mentioned I mentioned that I missed the game the other night and this woman just called and the only sports
He was talking about was having our head stuck under Jose's armpit, which is a good sport to me
What's wrong with that
Okay, pal
Have a great day get a new phone
Okay, we have two open lines in bright. I love those cell phones man. I love them. They're my favorite
7679 463 767 WIOD we have an open line in date 622
We got the Palm Beach the other townlines 1-8847-4946-31888
4744 WIOD Donnie Brasco suck save your money. Don't go see it. Go see godfather one. It's great. Go see the godfather for your father for your father
Right
That was inzo the baker for your father for your father
That's why he was standing there with his a hand in his thing
Pretend you have a gun. That's right. You look like a tough guy like a real tough fruitcake cake maker
Here's Pompano hello
Pompano with the radio turned up. Hello. Yes. Yeah
Yes, this is Larry. I'm calling the turn the radio off Larry and get the suck out of your mouth. Yes. Yeah, okay
Larry Larry what do you have over the phone?
You got your hand over the phone. No, this sounds muffled. I don't know why yeah bad phone. Yeah, go ahead Larry
Yeah
He said he painted your house. Yeah, is he? Yeah, he did a great job on the back of our house. And jizzies great
Yeah, he did a real good job. He always does a great job on the backside right? Yeah
That's is he yeah, he's a real good painter. There he is. He's the best
I just want to call him right now. He did a good job. Okay. He did a good job on the backside
Okay, thanks Larry. Is he did a good job in his house? You get that is he did a real good job on Larry's house
And Larry's got a crappy phone. He sounds like Gilbert and drag
We have an open line in date 62. We got two and brownered 767. We got two running out of timelines 1
Triple eight 4749 463 any takers. Let's get Bob Lee right here to auction off some phone calls
Here is Kendall. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. This is uh, well, I'm calling for the second time. All right
You you are God. Yes, I am and my wife is going on that's the only reason I can call because she hates you like boys
For why would it explain that to me? What is it with these humorless women? What is her problem?
Because she's from Jacksonville, South Carolina
So she's a redneck. Is that it exactly that fucking bitch? Yeah, too bad. I'm calling to tell you a few things and ask you a few things
First of all, I live in the Kendall and my cable was out for the first two pairs of the hockey game
Yeah, I think I was lucky probably it sounds like it from these from these reports. I'm getting
They can't give me reports about the highlights because there weren't any exactly except for the one goal
That was that was nice
But of course you knew that they were going to tie it you did I think
You know, it's not losing
Yeah, well anyway, listen, I have a few questions um you played two cards
You used to that that uh that are quite interesting one was the guy that I think one of them is
And the other one is those are the ones those are great, but yeah
This one actually says the guy who says you were once a feces. Yeah, what's that all about who was that?
This was some jackass who was uh making a speech at one of these right to life things one of these
Anti-abortion fanatics and he was uh everybody
Was for abortion was at one time themselves a feces
so
And that includes all of you out there you were once a feces. Yeah
So we thank you mr. President and now
Inner will be served. Yeah, what do you expect from those right to life?
Thanks to you know, I'm saying that's great. It's beautiful
Then the other one was with fat hank. He says uh he wasn't his word. He was his pedophile. What you know about
It's about uh not know what the hell you're talking about. He was his word not as pedophile
Thanks god to think for Batman. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you're the greatest. Okay pal
Can I call my friend a douchebag? Yeah, Sean's a euro douchebag. Okay. Bye. Have a great life. You too
Send her back where she came from okay. Okay. Bye. Bye
Two open lines of day at six two two W. I. D. All three and Broward seven six seven the worst Monday and recent recollection
I'll tell you that because it's the day after Easter after the Easter holiday
And I'm sitting there talking about the martial apple white apple gate and the fact that he was a fact number one and number two
They were almost all of them uh castrated number three and number four and Donna Adams says Donnie brassco still sucks
1142 at W. I. O. D. Let me tell you about a place that don't suck and that's Mike cigars
If you like to suck on a good cigar
If you like to put just sit back put your feet up on a desk. That's the way to do it
Sit back take your shoes off take your socks off if you like if there ain't nobody around take a nice big one and pop it in your
Push and just sit and puff away with a big smile on your face
That's what life is all about a little relaxation a little bit of pleasure
And every kind of great imported premium cigar from all over the world. They got them at Mike cigars
You like Italian cigars
They got Italian cigars that are so Italian that they're made in the USA. That's what it says in the book
They got Hugo Cesar they got Hugo Casar they got Hugo a winter holder
They got Victor Hugo they got La Finka made in Nicaragua made by hand in the cigars too
They got La Dilegencia made in or is that Dilegencia sorry made in La Republica de Mennicana by a bunch of real slime balls
They got every kind of cigar you've ever heard of and I'll guarantee you many that you never heard of but we'll love to try at Mike cigars
If you're really getting into cigars like everybody in their brother is now you got to go over and see this amazing place
There's no place like it anywhere. They're at 1030 Kane Concourse in Bay Harbor
They're open daily till six tonight and every Monday and Thursday late till nine and if you want the brand new winter catalog
You know how it works all you got to do is pick up the phone and they'll whip it out to you in the mail
It's just loaded with all kinds of great stuff in date call 866 2277
That's 866 2277 from date from outside of date toll free from anywhere
It's 1 800 962427
1 800 962427 the best in the universe. It's Mike cigars
6 10 W I O T
Hey Neil
Oh, yes, a much a man ready savage body. I got to feel that body party. Oh, yeah
Touch this body body. Oh, yeah, I said body. You got to touch this body. Body
Yeah
Body all right
Who body? Oh, yeah
Tom Cruise he wants to be a macho man making bambenos when the cold kid man
Duncan boots in the morning go Tom go don't lose it now. You better go slow
He's on top because he's a macho man and the courses put it in put it in hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey don't pull out man
You got to leave it in don't pull out man
You got to leave it in
My show my show man
Tom Cruise wants to be a macho man
macho macho man for yeah, he wants to be a macho man. Oh, yeah
Okay 11 48 at W I O D. We got all the power lines open 7679 463
We got 48 open lines in date
You continues pumping and pushing and praying and hoping that anybody then Adam was just telling me about his experience of
The game on Saturday and about the fact that there were not only in 124
But now was 204 205 205 another bunch of assholes up there in that section who are starting the same thing
See the monkey see monkey do it's because they don't understand what's going on
So if somebody else starts something that they think knows something like the rat man all these assholes start doing the same thing
And they're all mocking at then and it's true it's true until a minute and a half left in the game
Daring poop has got a shutout going for Tampa and they're all
Pupa they're mocking him and he's playing a great game
See they just they don't get it they just don't under they zig when they're supposed to zag and
They zig palfee when they're supposed to you know what I'm saying they don't get it
They don't understand it and nothing I do or say is gonna change that
Here's the lady in point and beach hello. Hey, do you yes ma'am?
Oh
Forgot what I was gonna say oh my god. I'm from Charlotte North Carolina and I adore you. Yes
Um, what's not to like? I don't know the lady from Jacksonville North Carolina couldn't stand you too bad
Let her blow it out of race as nothing to do with North Carolina believe me. Yes, it does and um
I love your attitude this morning. Yeah, about what I don't know you're just back to the sweet wonderful Neil
It seems like the last week and a half or so you've had a different like attitude
Well, I do the last week and a half. I'm in the driver seat now sweet art
Well, you just I got I got my destiny in my hand
You sound wonderful. Yeah, too bad the audiences had such a bunch of dead heads
You know what I'm having the time of my life and these people are like they're all waiting to drink the cool aid
You put us all in a good mood one time do we pass the putting out is what they're waiting for the ones that love you
God if we could just bring busloads of new people out of this town
This could be paradise, you know what if we just bring some living and breathing people of this dead-ass town
I love you. Okay sweet art. Bye bye. Bye now
Two open lines at day six two two W I O D one and Broward seven six seven W I O D two on the green lines the Palm Beach lines
The auto town lines. I'm I'm doing it
I'm on top of the world. I'm singing a song. I'm rolling along Wendy Harmon was here this morning with my check
Which he was so uh she was so far tumult this morning
She hands me a paycheck. I open it up and she's wandering down the hall. I look at it and it was like
Adam not Adam our Adam like what other Adam do we have work in here by the way in the building not here
Somebody I never heard of so it wasn't even for an Adam in this building right
How do you like that and it was like for about a dollar seventy five. I says hey Wendy wrong check
As I followed it on the hall tackled her right there in the middle of the kitchen and said give me the right checks
Okay, here you go
But other than that. I mean what the hell more what more what more could you want what could you possibly want more than that
Here's a mobile in poppano. Hello. I got mixed emotions about the
The spectators I call them instead of fans over there in the
Chronic chronic no chronic chronic
I can't get a ticket for nothing. Yeah
No, you generally have to pay for it. It's pretty hard to get a ticket for nothing
No, I don't mind paying for it. I like my name is thinking. What do you think I press pants for nothing? Yeah, right
But you got on the hand when you guys these guys are the only spectators that go there
It's incredible. That's why they start with the poop for poop, but they have no idea what it's like to be a fan of anything right
But at least they're consistent at least they're consistent
Yeah, you're right there. You're right. I mean JB Brown. He was one of the best. What are we gonna do without him?
Okay, get out of here two open lines in date six two two two W. I. O. D two and brown
We're gonna be doing music from noon to two ladies and gentlemen
Welcome to our new W I O D format wall to wall. We're doing it. So tonight we got Brooke from six to nine
I think tonight's like the official last week was just a warm-up
The night the midnight we got Kathy K Karen K. Whatever name is Karen K with passion clones
Now tonight is she gonna talk about something different beside the fact that she's doing Walter Sabo
Please do it Karen because everybody tells me you're a wonderful person and they love you profusely and they're pulling for you and praying for you
Etc. Are in so on
So we want you to do us a bang up. I mean a real solid fantastic great job or else. So that's tonight nine to midnight
Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I was wondering if I could get you take on tonight's game with the the pain with the
What what now? What does that mean my take on the game? What does that mean?
Well, I wanted to find out what you think about it and the fact that
Will be will be playing against our former teammates Wiley and two Barnes. Yeah, and I was just wondering um
In your in your opinion, do you think we should rather you'd rather see the pain with the first round of the Rangers?
Now well now that yoghours back
I don't know they played a pretty good game on Saturday all of a sudden with him back
He had to assist and Mirio had to assist and uh there. It's hard to figure them, you know
It's really hard to figure them out. Okay, I also wanted to but I still say I'd rather play them because they got no defense
They got no defense. We might actually be able to score some goals on them
Whereas if Richter gets hot with those Rangers look out
You know what I'm gonna agree with uh with the German. I just called before you know, you know
It's hard enough to get a ticket around here, especially with all these
People who jump on the bandwagon or whatever they win
But you know leave leave some tickets for the real fans for those who support the team when they win
They won they lose on they divide all the paraphernalia right and that's his spectators amen all right
Have a good day and back to you. Right. I'm with you pal
Let's get some of these phones out of there that don't even know what the hell's going on just to stand there and have everybody see that they're there
You know what I'm saying?
Like the silver fox. There's a good example. Just stand there and is anybody looking at me you look at my big ring
I'm very impressive. Here's my silver here and I'm a real hot shot
I'm a very important guy and I got passes to the uh to the big uh team box there whatever the hell it is
Who cares nobody cares we didn't come there to see you
They're all there looking that it's like the old like I said before the women with the main coach
That used to come into rato and Montreal and sit in the first three or four in the luxury seats. Oh look here
I am here. I am. I don't know what's going on
But I mean here with my main code on same thing. Let's get some main coach for some of these guys
Dead county. Okay, let's get the music ready here. Okay. We go on to these. Okay. Get the music ready la music
From known to two because it's really grim the man is working his brains out
He's doing everything but drinking the cyanide and cool it and taking the yellow pudding pops on here
And these bastards still don't care
You can't get a rise out of these people for love or money
Here you go last call of the day
It's up to you folks like Rick Nelson would say if he could be here to say it six two two W I O D
Any other fags out there that you still have a crush on Rick Nelson. Let's hear it six two two W I O D
Broward County two big open lines there like a big gaping wound like a big oozing sore
767 9 463. What is it 767 W I O D
As the man once again desperately tries to beat life into this town
We should have played a tape today if you would have just called me at home and said run and run around tape today because they worked on a Friday
What am I chop liver?
How come we didn't play a tape today we worked on a Friday worked our ass off had a great time here on Friday. I think
Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. I'm doing great the audience sucks. I'm doing great
The audience bites that's good to know. Yes, that nothing changes right
Hey, I was walking through the house early today and my mom's listening to a Spanish radio station. Papa Papa Papa yeah
How can they how come they can say the shot word but you can't because the FCC figures they leave them alone
They figure leave them alone they came off a banana boat. They don't know any better. Can I say the Spanish shot word? No, you cannot you cannot say me or down the air sir
Say kagoa to mad today is what they were saying
They can have some some form of uniform laws here for every language right amen, you know and for their uniforms too
And for their glue stepping uniform right
Okay, Neil tell your mother to get with the 20th century and stop living in a stone age
She loves you too, buddy. You know she can't keep up sometimes like I said give her a big kiss for me
All right, I stick a your meat is bye bye
Okay, here we go two open lines a day. We're gonna give you like 30 seconds and that's it
62 to w.i.o.d. and date we got two open lines here. We got one in brow at 767
We got the green lines you out of town lines
It's strictly up to this audience whether they're capable of like having a little verbal in a course or not
That's where it's all about. I'm not gonna sit here and do a monologue for four hours
I'm a daughtering old fart, okay? I'm not gonna sit here
Bapapapapapapapapapa I could every single day we could just yank the phone right out of here
But that's not what it's all about that's not worth paying me the big bucks to talk to a bunch of goofballs every day
And we can't get them out of there on Monday impossible impossible
I'll wait
I'll wait till hell freezes over how do you like that damn it
I'll wait till god shan god changes his name damn it to
Kareemab duel that was the first one that was the one that started all this crap was Muhammad Ali and Kareemab
Dool Jabbar with all these stupid
idiotic names
They're the ones that started now we got a shareep and Raul and all this other Raul what those acas to do with it
Well, I don't know he's in her too
We got names that haven't been invented yet
God sham god and people are sitting around like it's that's the way things are supposed to be
They ought to be like they ought to be sitting there like falling them falling all over each other and laughter when this guy's out there
Here's a guy whose name is god ever hear anything so stupid new god exactly I rest my case
I'm gonna you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna legally change my name not to Neil Rogers
I never did that. I'm gonna change my name too
good why not
well that'd be impressive on a credit card or what oh
Thank you mr. God you're welcome my child
Wouldn't that be great you want to hotel give me your credit card it says right on a credit card
No, God. I always wish my name was Jesus that way. I'd be Jesus Rodriguez. Yeah kind of rhymes
What if God was my middle name in my last name was
Damn
What would that make my name
Well, we'll think about it. We have an open line still in date
We're working on you feverishly. We're beating you. We're pounding you. We're big and we're pulverizing. We're wrapping it. We're tapping it
You think I really care of course not. I don't give a crap who cares who cares
It's the same old town. It's the same old place like going on vacation and coming back and expecting that somebody with an ugly stick
Touched this town and turn to miracle here it ain't gonna have not gonna happen
It ain't gonna happen boys and girls. It's not gonna happen. This is Miami
This is the home of dead people and illegal aliens period end of conversation
Did I say 1158 that I mentioned? Oh, and this is Eli again. What are we gonna do about that little putz Eli?
I say strapping to a board with Michael Mayo and just beat the crap out of each other
strapping together on two gigantic boards on two racks and just turn them like on a spit like a hog on a spit
And put them over a slow roasting flame the two of them together
Strap on your two about we've got work to do
610 w i o d Miami fort Lauderdale. Hey enough with the panthers already
When the hell those are baseballs is a beginner anyway. Hey, what's the matter Bill?
I want to give to the sperm bank, but with my busy schedule. Hey, what about weenie express weenie express isn't that for hot dogs
You kid no, it's new from federal overnight services next day nut nectar and for the price of penthouse in a wet nap
Hey, where are you going to jump on the weenie express hey mind if I tag along you gonna make it a positive two
No
Weenie express from federal overnight delivery when your seed has got to be there absolutely positively overnight great service
No jerking around
1203 at w i o d happy Monday to the market is down
127 and a half points after a little bit of a comeback now. It's really sliding all you firefighters out there can relate to the market today
It's sliding down and they don't even have a greased up yet. It's sliding the hard
Okay, here's a mobile in for lauderdale. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Mo green yeah, I had to slap freight all around
He was doing all the cocktail later sis
Yeah
I went to see the godfather yesterday down in Miami. Yes, sir and it was good. It was about
Half full and there was it was half full it was half full in the afternoon matinee
It was living and breathing people and there was death plus 100
So it was you had a mixed group in here. Yes, but it was only half it was only half full
It was half full it was the mat. It was Easter everybody was at church. Neil you got oh
God, oh my good christians. Oh, look going where at church. Hmm. They were praying. Yeah for what
They're more putting
They were playing for the spaceship
Okay pal
Take the gun
Eat the canoli that's what you said. That's what you told Eli Wallach take the gun eat the canoli in your case
We have all the power lines open 7679 463 767 wiod on a bich of a monday man
And you know something this when you sit here and you look at this phone
It's the most accurate reflection of what's going on in this town. I mean deadly
It is just you can walk outside right now. I don't care whether you're like in margate whether you don't are in kindle
I don't care if you're like in sweet water just walk outside right now and take a like that
And you can smell the death in the air you can smell it you can actually see it
You could cut it with your butter knife
Do you hear that?
What is that?
You know
No, no seriously, but this
Do you hear that? Of course I do
And I'm wondering why this sounds so funky here today
What is that? You're not doing that? No, I'm doing it, but I mean why why is it like doing that
It doesn't ordinarily do that. I I've foundled my microphone every day this way
And it doesn't make those sounds
Oh, there is something there is a funguous among you as man
Guess who we haven't seen today by the way. I don't want to mention his name, but how about his boss?
roll
Open line at day 622 all three and powered 767 w. Y.O.D. Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. How you doing? Okay?
I got a couple things for you. Yes, first a long overdue vote. I like the news guy
Really do okay? I'm happy for you. It's my opinion if you're happy. I'm happy. There you go
I have no comment. I went to the game. Oh, by the way those people talking about not being able to get tickets
Yeah, I have found the sure fire way to get pantheipats ticket. Okay
I played on the air because then it won't be
Yeah, don't do it
That'll be like my going on ear and touting the Emerald coast and then being real sorry. I did it exactly the last ten times
I've tried I've gotten tickets on my first try nice going pal excellent, but I went to the game Saturday
And some idiots of course pantheipats eats away up there
Some idiots sit in the very back row a couple sections over from me with their faces all painted
Passing bears back the whole game. Yeah, no matter what was going on on the ice if we were if there was a scoring chance
No matter what was going on there
Yeah, blue
Assholes more on I just I've foolish understanding. I don't end the guy like you said up to the point of minute 25 left
He was pitching a shutoff right he was pitching it
You're probably pitching a fit, but I sure I use one of your lines in the in the stadium when I got really
pissed off and everybody started cracking up
It was like when we had three consecutive shots right out of right dead point blank
Yeah, I like I said 90s guys couldn't score a capywillow at south right now
And it was I mean they had good chance
Yeah, they had good chances to get that puck in there
They just couldn't stick it in it couldn't they could not stick it in I couldn't believe it
And I hear the rumor that Eddie got benched uh, Saturday night that's the rumor. I'm hearing
Eddie Eddie healthy scratch. Yeah, it struck us supposed to be back tonight
They they're just holding them out. I don't know. I'm not waiting for uh to be absolutely sure
I guess I don't know how you're ever absolutely sure
Because he's re he's repulled that thing like three times now right right we don't want to see him pulling it
All right, Neil. I'm gonna let you go. I'm glad he had a great time. Hey, I had a good time, buddy
Okay, see you yeah, there's something wrong with this this thing is like do you hear that
And even when you do that it's like tinny
Boy, there is something really effed up in this joint today. Hey, but it's a technical thing don't get started on that
The tip off on the technical prowess around this joint is that run and run were on tape this morning
And about half of the especially when they had the guest on on the phone
It was like the whole gang was like singing roll out the barrel
As we can barely understand what the hell was going on two open lines in day six two two nine four six three six two two
W i o d our poll question today is is there anybody alive in his town?
A way to putting in the apple saws two open lines and browards seven six seven w i o d
Here's Kendall hello
Yes, how are you okay?
Uh you were out of town so you didn't get to see a movie that Luis Miguel made when he was about 14 or
I've already seen that that's a movie for pedophiles. He looks like a little girl in that movie
Ernie, you had seen it already right? Yeah, somebody gave me then I looked at about five minutes of then I said who what kind of pervert gave me this
Doesn't he look like a little girl in that movie? He does he looks like that little that kid who can use to play on a does enough that little kid
Remember with the shortcut that he had the same shortcut who will he aims?
Oh, I don't know what's his name. Will he aims? No, no, he does enough. That's the show will he aims was on eaters enough
With the he was the youngest kid. Yeah, well, I don't know
Well, I don't know either, but he looked like him with the hair cut and everything
So if you've already seen it, I thought he looked more like Christy McNichol on a bad day
Uh, to tell you the truth, yes, was that gap in his tooth? Yeah, again
Now by the way the good news is Joe Rose got his gap feel and his teeth too
Did he have enough porcelain to fill it? Yes, in fact, we had to take three latrines to do the job
Well, you know how it is you already think so okay pal take care. Have a great day. Okay. We have day lines
Why there's something with this thing even the cord like uh the stuff
This is really bizarre. I'm afraid to touch anything in here. I think any second this place is gonna blow oh, it already blows
Daylines are open six two two nine four six three six two two W. I. O. D. Broward line seven six seven W. I. O. D.
As this man continues herneedically making an attempt here today. I'm working on it
God
And listen now now I'm like I better do this I better take this you think so we'll switch with the other mic
Switch it with what other might be the one that in the suds seat
Okay
One moment please
Yeah, this thing's got to have some kind of disease. Oh, yeah, but this one you got to like uh unscrew this whole thing
This could take like hours
This could take the rest of the show so like I said good idea to pull on it real hard just the I got it oh
And I don't think you can do that on this now this one. This is not one of those just pull it
It doesn't I'm telling you it doesn't work. This is not one of those that does that
It's got the little deal either you have to press and then it pulls off there you go
One moment please you know Rogers is the thought of microphone. There he goes
How's that
Is that better oh much oh, yeah
Yeah, there's something wrong with this microphone that half a show I done here today with a microphone
That's malfunctioning and nobody even knows about it. Yeah, now the court. Yeah, there's like a short net thing
It's like a short thing now we're talking now. It sounds like a real show in here in the audience is don't you know
Wonder we're not getting no response they can't listen to that now it sounds like a show
God dang it
As in oh god
Damn
We have two open lines and dead six two two oh, yeah, this sounds more like me now
There have been one really been scratching their heads. They've been scratching everything they like a dog doing a flee number this morning
What the hell is wrong with that thing? It sounds like real funky man
There's something wrong with w. I would it sounds like broken down that microphone
I think the anti crisis had his testicles tentacles on it he be touching it
Somebody's been in here diddlin this weekend. I bet you know something he denies it
Always denies it, but there's somebody that comes in his joint like on a weekend
You'll let me I don't want to mention any names
I don't want to suggest it was the same guy who defaced that beautiful picture of Roy Pressman over there at the iod
The packs and headquarters, but somebody comes in here on the weekend
And there we come in here on Monday like everything is onga dittled
That's right. It's onga dittled and oyster dittled and I think I know who it is
So that's me but I'm not gonna mention no names on the air
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to you like uh, Ricky Martin
If I like him. Yeah, too faggy for me sir
How about a chajan who
Chajan that's got the spignex for you. He knows who it is. I don't know who that is. Oh he doesn't
Chajan
Yeah, he's he's things like you know like
Like the other guy. I don't know why I like Flavio Caesar man. There's a guy
Flavio you know who that is
You don't know Flavio Caesar
No, no, soil in mexicanal
No, no he is I said all right. Oh the soy well, yeah, I'm in mexican right
All right, I don't know my soy from my beans. Yeah, okay pal. Okay, but you're okay
There's another recubin of a Colombian bag right there. Oh, he better not go back to Bogota
He's gonna get it down there. They're not too big on fags in Colombia. I'll tell you that or in
La Republic of Domingicana off with its head
Unlike in bravil where even the straight guys are a little swishy
We have two open lines in date six two two two and proud my apologies profusely for performing half the show here with a broken down microphone
That we didn't realize until it started to make all kinds of gutterable sounds
I think the fix is in you know what I'm saying. I think there's something really stinks in Denmark. You can almost smell it over here
1214 a w i o d
610 w i o d
Not just for snack time anymore. I got you there
Oh
Hi, I'm Erin Somers. You know what you got me talking on the passion phone
Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. I like it
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Oh
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. All right
The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt
Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Oh
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I
Got you down
I got you down
I got you down
Oh
I got you down
Here on the show there's a new topic each night
Who do you have sex with with a black or with a white I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Oh
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Don't forget passion clones night of midnight tonight with the curin K following Brooke
Brooke Daniels there you go. It's 1218 at W I O D. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How are you doing today sir sensational sir? Come a style
I've been used to it. So hey, oh, I'm on a spaniol
Hey, yeah, I have a question cut it out. Yes before I left because I left the town
I heard that you're having problems with a packs and people so it about your contract. I was having problems. I was having problems with whom
With uh, well, packs and packed one. Yeah, and what whatever came about that whatever came with wow
I beg your pardon they wanted you to sign something was the last thing I heard and I didn't do it
I did there two two things I did not sign one was that the language thing and the second one was the contract
Uh-huh, okay, so what's going on? So I'm here you're working for free. No, I'm uh have a very nice check in my pocket
I'm I'm present contract still is an existence. Oh, it's still enforcing it. So there's still up in the air as far as if you're gonna keep going out
Just look look straight up in the air and you'll see him
All right, good luck man. Okay, give him a ride
Okay, I'm in the driver's seat. I'm driving the bus. Okay, everybody to the rear especially all you are illegal aliens
We have two open lines in day six two two nine four six three six two two all the darkies and legal aliens way in the back of the bus
Thank you
We have two open lines in brown all you limperasted queens way way in the back what you're used to that I guess
7679 463 767 I said it way in the back not in the rear. Okay, just don't get carried away
Or they could write on top let's hear about all those bags and South Beach. Okay, who are down there doing it
They're really doing it that facts. I had on Josh Moore by the way was from a thing from a website on the internet about models and
stuff which I would give the website out, but we don't want to get overloaded and the site either
Oh, look at that. There's oh, geez. Thank God when I didn't ain't lunch today
They got newt gingrich on CNN and the market by the way is taking a big crap today. Just don't worry about it
Just just keep going on you don't got no stock anyway
In fact, if you don't have even one share of any kind of stock you want to have a big smile on your purse right now
I was saying hey, are you dumb easy? That's right. You don't have to worry about the stress
Just take your money and put it under a mattress
Just put it in a piggy bank. Who doesn't have stock you have stock? I have a 401k a money market account
And then we a money market account. I'm talking about I'm talking about the individual crap right oh god now or even mutual funds
Is your money market fund isn't a mutual fund? I got I don't know where it is
It's in transition when you're dealing with amounts of this place when you're dealing with such gargantuan amounts
Is your dealing with what difference does it make? What's a few thousand here and there just like that wane stock by the way
Which is in the toilet 32 and something on friday? Thank god they were closed on
For Easter for whatever that was good friday thank the lord
You see he has a method in his madness
That's why we all had to take friday offer were supposed to because if the market would have been open on friday
It will be two 300 points lower than it already is but believe me it's making up for lost time
It's dropping like a gigantic bowling ball from the Empire State Building
Point and B chillow
Neil yes, sir
All right, how you doing great
I'm sick and tired of hearing all these tape shows about so much tape baby too much tape killed the radio
Yeah, I hear you right
Donnie brasco blurs yeah, that's what we hear Donnie brasco sucks. Don't waste your money folks
We're saving you money right here. Do not go get sucked into that piece of dreck
Yeah, I was at uh, I know how you feel about basketball. How do you about your genetically altered monkeys?
I didn't say that sir you said that
Well, whatever I did not say that neither David Halberstam you said it. Who is this Michael Mayo
Anyway, I'm a male on the phone. I think do it a voice
Anyway, I was at the game on our was it friday and they were giving after you little hydron things
Yeah, I know that you are a hawk their products all the time and I'm hawk it's China with their products. Yes
I am very very impressed good very very good stuff. Yeah, you slather it
Yeah, I'm smearing it all over good. Just keep smearing it all right
Yeah, can you do me a favor? Can you play Neil God? I might and can I call
Yeah, Richie Montobano right there
You're a huge douspeck. I didn't hear you see we like you put your sock over the phone at the wrong time
All right, let's show it one more time. Yeah, Richie Montobano
Right there your little Italian make it your douspeck and Ricardo Montobano too
All right, you have a good day Neil and back to you. Hi buddy. Take your Chrysler New Yorker in jammed
By the way speaking of that new Corvette, which I do have it back by the way
I'm pissed off about that radio and you know something the adelco Bose blows thing
I was talking about last week. I they had changed it. It was still delco Bose the last few years and the radio was great
It isn't so much that it's delco Bose
It's this particular whatever general motors decided to do and now all the GM cars even that lumina had that
Oh, why did they do that?
The radio and my Corvette I wouldn't wish it on a Marconi. I would wish it on Mike Disney
That's how bad that radio is it's a piece of Drek
I wouldn't wish it on the people that just bought surf
Oh, I'm sorry. They're right up here in the front of the building or the Rose Bob and Bob Rose and Ed
Tom and
Billy Bob. Oh, that's right. Billy Bob is doing the news and Bob Rose. He be buying a radio station
Two open lines and what's he talking about? I don't know. I have no idea
All I know is that the magic marketing people just bought surf for like three billboards
It's a big station. It's part of the Paxon stable. Right. We believe you. How's that planet?
Do I come in by the way? How's that WPL all coming? How's that 85th morning show coming on a planet?
They're really doing it over there, baby. Are they up to a point five yet? No
Here's Tamarack hello
Tamarack. Yeah. Yes, sir. Neil how you doing great. Hey, how's the weekend? All right fantastic. All right
Send you all huh excellent excellent great Neil. I just I got to tell you story
I was in did you ever go to China Garden in Waterhill?
China Garden. Yeah, no. No, it's a uh, well, you can eat buffet place Chinese place. Yeah, and uh,
I was there a couple weeks ago and this guy went up five times
filled up his plate. His big his Jew would bald head big bald. Yeah, big fat bald. Yeah, he went up five times. Uh
Do you believe that? Yes. Oh, of course I do. Unbelievable. I told you the Emerald Coast buffet last Sunday
I go in there. There's a table full of people
Unfortunately my audience and the guy comes over and says oh, uh, there's the guy that got me into a be a hockey fan
You know, he's got a big panther and XXL T shirt on and these people are sitting there the median weight of the
I mean, there were you know nice people, but the median weight was like 600 pounds. Wow
If they it's a miracle they didn't put that place out of business in one sitting. He can eat with exactly
Great. Okay. How about those centers? Thanks for the good news. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. They're all out of material two calls left on the board
So I say it's time for
What
What do you give me a look like that boys to men
What do you think this is some kind of a bag album I'm playing here now must be no
You don't know who that is
Oh
My god, I thought you knew a little bit about music. I do that's why to recognize that yeah
Would do anything for you
That's my new dough
I only wish
Oh
Looks like boys to mention here. Yeah
Treats e
Same difference without Michael of course
We're gonna play this till two o'clock or till we get four hundred calls whichever comes for you
Yeah brings me back to that day when I was sitting there in Europe somewhere in Rome in Berlin or wherever watching at
Great video that music video channel. They got over there
Which is eighty five thousand times better than MTV Oliver dream of being I think it was in Italy
And there was that video by three tea and I just said holy crap. What is that?
How can you know and then I come back here and I get somebody sent me this somebody actually sent this and they look pretty a grotesque on here
So maybe the video was either doctor or maybe this is doctor because the public can't stand it
Of course michael's is a jealous one of the other maybe they ain't putting out
Sub to you folks. It's been a rough go man two and a half hours with a bad microphone with a broken piece of equipment
With a broken down bunch of audience out there that just can't get their act together
They just can't make up their mind to get with it six two two w i o d in dade two open lines and browards seven six seven nine four six three
Whatever happened to the days when we had our friendly folks out there whatever happened to Paul Harvey Jr
Whatever happened to the knots landing lady was busy doing everybody's taxes right now
Whatever happened all our good pizons out there in radio land
They used to care enough to send their very best which wasn't much but it was something Paul Harvey Jr
Called earlier to say that boon bent went back to Thailand
But he didn't go in the air well. Thank you so much for the good news
He wised up and he went back where he came from great family like I said great guy. We miss him
But man they just oh what a disastrous business man. He picks the worst locations
He went to lake worth with Thai food. Okay. That's like taking lots of balls and going to the Arctic Circle
And I'm wondering how come they're so hard
1227 a w i o d those Eskimos man. Never wonder why they're so hard all the time
six ten w i o t
Okay 1232 an honor of the Marlon season which opens tomorrow norm can't just call and invited me to go to the marlon's opener against the cups tomorrow
I said I don't think so
Welcome to Florida Jim Leeland
And guess what nobody cares about baseball
And when you're switching pictures
Costs us the game
It's clear that as the manager are quite lame
Just walk away
We can't stay you right in jingles or the war
Your brothers at the stack and all the new half girls stand in his go back where you came
We should sit you up to see out on where it always rains
And he can get
Don't simmer with the plate in his frame
All right
Just walk away
We can't stay you right in jingles or the marlon's no more
Your brothers at the stack and all the new half girls
Oh
1233 a w i o d we got a microphone that works right now what's that's gonna do you better start to scouring the building at him
Or so does it gonna sound like he's vibrating oh he will be
Because we only got one know I guess maybe we can use that one and uh something because this is uh amazing
And guess what somebody with a mustache ain't here today. Oh, it's right. It's uh eastern number two. Sorry
He was here earlier what he was here this morning didn't come by and say hello to me
Didn't come by and wish me a great day
Didn't come by here and ask if we had any free food. Oh, we knew we didn't
Here's the west palm on a mobile hello
Neil yes sir. Thank God happy Monday to the Lord and think the Virgin Mary we have you on the radio. Yes, sir
Listen God bless me
Yeah, anyways, they figured out the plot behind
Well far go truck the other half of last month. Yeah, all that money was going to the Virgin Mary up there in Orlando
Tampa wherever the hell was knowing clear water and clear it right man
You're gonna be in purgatory if you don't get it right and she's on a side of a bank building. Yes
The incident that happened in L.A. The guys couldn't afford a sex change
So that's what they ended up doing a pass rating themselves when a doubt cut it out
Yeah, I guess what he didn't have cancer
Not all requests Thursday, but can I get a request from you? Yes, can I get Jack in the box?
The bit or the you got it
Thank you, man. Okay, get a new phone. Okay, get a phone in the box. Okay. Well, what a bad phone. Oh, we're not playing this early
I'm playing this
See when I play I'm playing
Hey, how the hell are you?
Great welcome Jack in the box. I'm Jack. Can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean?
Like like a Jack burger in a large fries. Sorry pal. We're cleaning the grease fryer
We don't have any french fries today. Okay, uh, they're just gonna be a small order of fries, please
Look chief. Maybe you didn't hear me. I said we don't have any
fries today. So how about something else? Okay, then just give me an order of fries
Ah
Listen up pal. Who put the straw and straw bearing? That's right nature did who put the apenate brykat
Nature does right nature did now listen carefully who put the freak in french fries
There ain't no freak in french fries. That's what I've been trying to tell you but breath there ain't no freak in french fries
I'll get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down your
Throw you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it
Oh
Have a nice day. I have no life twelve thirty six at w.io.d
So where did you clip this from because I heard it over the weekend in case you missed it woman's stone to death some of that good old-time
Religion the Islamic religion again one of the most repressive and backwards and asinine religions in the history of mankind
And thank God that basketball player Karim Raouf douchebag
Thank God he ain't standing for no national anthem. Okay, and they traded his ass away
Because it's an insult to that great religion. We don't want to be repressive in this country. Do we
like the
So anyway in the Kabul Afghanistan
Taliban religious rulers on Saturday stoned it at the young woman who tried to flee Afghanistan with the man who was not her relative as in
Oy
Under the Taliban strict interpretation of Islamic law a woman found in the company of a man other than a family member
Found in the company of a man not necessarily cohabiting with found in the company of a man other than a family member is guilty of a crime punishable by death by stoning
So they did a Steve Nicholonner she got stoned
That's right the Taliban run radio shot a yacht identified the woman only is Jamilia and said the stoning occurred on Saturday in eastern logmon province
Is everybody having a good time in Afghanistan? All right
Here's Davie hello
Yes, it is you know if iod doesn't sign you they may as well just close up their doors and
Is this great co-text and that's it man, you know turn the lights out the parties over
Absolutely would be and i'm coming in every day. I'm showing up here every day sir
I'm showing up here every morning at 10 a.m. Sharp. I'm sure you would have no problem getting out of the station locally if you wanted to
I don't know about that. I hope you would decide to say a tough call. I mean it would be like when the red socks got rid of bay bruce
Right, that's right it would haunt them forever. Yep. You know, I uh the house that Neil built. Yeah, I can smell it now
I look forward to the show most most every day the house that
Bill now I went down what do you think about that you think got to change my name to Neil god
um
If you want that on your driver's license why not and they put a little halo over your head
If they can have god sham god on a basketball team on some stupid ass basketball team. Why can't I be Neil god?
Well the hoop is looked is shaped like a halo too. In fact, even if people that hate me even my detractors would say I can't stand that Neil god
I love it. We could have
Somebody could be Satan also I guess yeah
The rest of the people on the show if there was even a station around maybe Walter Sabo could do that
It would be up maybe you could be the anti-Christ no station without you mr
Okay pal, you know, I'll tell him you said that hold on a second. Yeah, I'm not going anywhere. Okay
I'm going on to it. I want you to shoot somebody for me with your machine gun there. Yeah, I woke up feeling a great mood
You know got up early. I had to go to the department of revenue to get a form and
Yeah, I'm telling you this late
Oh, no, you don't you don't have to go somewhere else
And I waited you know she didn't
Where do I go do you think we got her yet?
Just to be safe in the knee cap
I used to watch guiding light and I hear Rusty's coming back who?
Who the hell's Rusty? Not Riva's son or brother or something. Oh, yeah, right. Remember him. Yeah sure do
He was a cop as he was telling we want him back for he was there when they had the
When Riva's mama died. Remember mama?
She died in Italy and I stopped watching it for a while. I'm trying to get back into it
It won't be long before Vanessa comes back either from her years of radical with her strange disease. She's coming back
She's in sweetener something now. She's in
Zurich in Switzerland. Shvites. She's in shvites. Shvarts. Yes. I could live without her
In closing meal. Yes, sir
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by
Thank you, sir. Okay. Nice job. Nice reading as somebody would say
Well, then just in case you're missing this
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by
Sometimes I feel like life is passing me by
When I listen to your show
It just makes me smile
When I listen to your show
It just makes me smile
When I listen to your show
It makes me feel like a child
New Rogers on the radio
New Rogers on the radio
New Rogers on the radio
Okay 1241 at W I O D long time since we squeezed that one out two open lines on the green lines at
484749 463 since I changed the microphone you know us we got some people on the phone here
Half the show I did it with a with a broken thing
Man, oh man, it sounded like crap. It was like really eerie. It was eerie
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Lady in Miami. Hi me. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Great listen. I was wondering if you caught the show a couple weeks ago
No on free loaders. No, it was on channel 10 with John Stoffel
They set up a buffet at the fountain blue hotel. Yeah with
Swim and everything and they had a sign on it that said
S n f
Members only right and you see all these people eating all this food and they didn't know that the S n
S n stood for something for nothing right snores and they're just eating all this and they interviewed the people
Why are you eating and they kept saying because we're members
And they had no idea what the S that's right their members of the snores for nothing right it was exactly
They stole that from me. Wow. Oh, well. Have a great day. Thanks for the good news. See ya
Yeah, all you snores down here all you old disgusting fart. Oh, and yesterday we're driving over to Emerald Coast
Which unfortunately was aligned from here to you. You just love you
But at any rate there's this old old bunch of Canadians in a jukenoo
Quebec plate in a big big Cadillac. I mean a big ugly brown jukenoo going about two miles an hour
And
I can't get around this ass. So here I am in my beautiful
1996 purple Corvette and I'm following this old older than the thuisla
And finally he makes the left turn and thank goodness. He was going to know that seafood. You don't know where it is
They got a seafood joint too, which must be a real geriatric place
The Florida seafood something rather right in the same plaza with Emerald Coast
So at any rate he's gonna make the turn into that plaza and he gets about halfway in there
He gets this big jukenoo with his halfway in there
My ass is still sticking out on the street and now he stops because somebody is like coming across
You know he's got all the room in the world to just make a little move around them and let me get my ass off the street
And I lean on the horn
And now he gives me a toot back
gives me a little toot back
You miserable old frog go back where you came from and thank the Lord
He made a turn uh
It wasn't going to the Emerald Coast which didn't make any difference anyway
But thank god he ain't infecting infesting that place. He was going to that seafood joint
You disgusting miserable old frogs. I'm gonna tell you everybody I talk to in Toronto says keep the frogs out of here
A go back to Quebec and get lost parlay vogue away a
Oh
God to give me the creeps just thinking about the frogs gives me the anything French
Anything French except the kiss maybe with the Josh Moro gives me the willies
1244 wiod
Hey look for me sonny urshon w. I n z the zoggins
If I was but pecsum
Yeah
Old day long guide
If I was that pecsum going
I'd buy up all the stations
Like the life of loving zeta I am seeing I'll do
Longing fifty dollars I've had lots of money in the bank
Annoying lots of goyam like Roy I'd have a radio network that nobody carries but everyone has to run the spots
TV cable real estate I would own
I'd have a half a dozen big epic stations and 607 AM stations too
I am that's just in hell and they're low
If I was but pecsum
Old day long guide fiddle with my knob
If I was my pecsum boy
I'd be a range the format
I've have shekels you know what I mean
I'd be richer than the fricking queen
Wayne high zenga would be burning cream
If I was that pecsum boy
1248 and w i o d a pair of open lines and brown we're not too happy about that
I'm going to tell you right now 767 9463 767 w i o d if the one thing you take away from the show today
Is the knowledge that water sable is the anti-christ it'll have been well worth my effort coming in here this morning, okay
Don't ever forget it walled sable is the anti-christ
Here's pop it ob chill out how's going great I hear you talking about some guy a rat rat man or something
Yeah asshole is that the same guy that's the guy that was wearing a rat suit and they playoff slashtier
I hear somebody yelling from up and he up for deck on the other side of the arena
Yeah, and then I hear everybody say you suck it's same person that's right hey ref you suck
They're all a bunch of sheep that's rat man and a sheep over there a 124 what's the story with that
What's the story with what the deboncha idiot say don't understand the game even if we come in a flagrant penalty
Okay, and they call a penalty on us. Hey ref you suck or if one of our guys
You know if the other team you comes up with a great body check and just belts one of our guys with a clean hit
Hey ref you suck the whole game is it's like holding up a big science in we haven't got any idea what's going on out there
We don't understand the game we're dumb, but we're loud. We're dumb, but we're loud from section 220 where I said I could hear that guy
Yeah, I first I only heard you sucked and now I can hear him
Somebody screaming I didn't I couldn't tell exactly where it was come on then the other one they do is whatever the other
Goli is like with Tampa was poopa poopa
Loser poop you know, oh, that's so it's like something you do it like a kindergarten level game
I mean give me a break. It's so bush league. It is so bush league
It is it is I
Say kill the rat man is what I say kill the rat man. I got one thing to say in closing. Yes
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I said the rat man not the
Big man tonight
Stewie and Jason Wolley up there in Pittsburgh. Let's kick their ass. Okay. Let's win this game tonight
Let's not go into these playoffs on a real downbeat note. Let's score maybe more than one goal would be nice against the team with no defense
Everybody's kicking ass right now except Broward Broward is in a deep blue funk. Okay. They're all searching for that for that cheap
Seafood restaurant up there in Laudahill wherever it is Oakland Park
767 W I O D in Broward 767 9463 you'll have no waiting in Broward believe me when I tell you'll be right on maybe and maybe not
Here's Evan sure. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Is Neal there speaking?
This is Robert in
Evan sure. Yes Robert. I want to know what's going on with the price of cigars here and South Florida
They're outrageous. Yeah, then the quits mocha will be a good idea Robert
We have an open line at day at 62, too. It'll probably kill you
So quits mocha you live a long happy life
Broward lines. We're still waiting on Broward 767 9463 767 W I O D
See you're nearly I'd send somebody like that to Mike cigars, but in his case I'll make an exception
Mike cigars don't want him or need him. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neal. Yes, I am. How you doing? Okay. I was wondering
What's been going on with these hydroponic growers these days being getting caught all the time
Marijuana growers. What's up with that stuff? What's up with that stuff?
Yeah, I don't know
Well talk to me Neal. What's going on here? Talk to about what? These marijuana growers they suck. Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, and and how's your life great. How's your life? How's your life? I tell you okay go find one
Open line at day. It's that's not like one of those pucks from the light bulb
You know it sounded just like one of those light bulb people to me
Pre-pube bus and he he should have joined that cult. He'd have been perfect there. They wouldn't had a waste to
Dull the knife
Wouldn't had a waste the effort because if you don't have any you don't have nothing to cut off
6229463 too bad Rick couldn't have been in that cult you know. I'm sorry. Just a joke Rick just a joke mr. Riley
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Neal. Yes, sir. God love you sir. Yeah, and he does
I'm sure well. Yeah. Yeah, let me count the ways
Do me a favor got my just took out my paycheck and I counted the ways the Lord loves me sir
My sister's in the car never heard your show before can you play prison prison bitch prison bitch. Yes. I might
I'd be I'd be awful honored. I'll bet you would thank you sir. Okay, sir. Bye. Have a great day
What do you say he said something about his sister? I think he called her a name that was disgusting sir
That fucking bitch. We have an open line at Broward 7667-9463-767-W-I-O-D
We have one on the other townline and finally after threatening this audience with 3T with the deadly 3T
We're all clones of Michael. They're all clones man
And I think they've all been doing each other, but they're much too old for him now believe me
And how about how about that baby nobody's buying the story and he's not living with this broad
He wasn't living with the other broad. It's just a really a sad thing
It's a sad story that they just keep trying all these fags man
They just keep trying desperately to put over down the public and it just isn't working
It's not working. I maybe Tom Cruise. That's an exception
I didn't say Tom Cruise was a fat. I didn't say it. I may have hinted it
I didn't say Troy Ekman who cares okay? Let him go do each other and whatever they're doing mind your own business
Get a life get a life who cares what they're doing who cares of Ellen's a degenerate who cares about that boring sick-ass stupid show okay
Ever seen Ellen with Randy Rhodes
That don't mean like not in that way
Open line at Broward 7667-9463. How's Old Randy doing by the way?
She's still up there. I thought she'd be long out of there. That's what she was saying
That's what she was saying for a long time. She's getting out of that dump up there. That's what I heard
Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Neil. Yes, it's Mike. Hey, I think it's what oh, yes sir. It's Mike. Okay
Those people that yell that stuff like shoot and all I think they're pathetic. They are they say shoot when they can't even shoot right
You know, it's like stupid exactly my dad has a 93 quart of it too. He's from people cut him off and all
Yeah, right
Okay, Mike. Have a great day. See you Mike. That's Mike
We have an open line of day at 6229-463-622-W-I-O-D
So what about that new 97 vet, Neil? If you made up your mind that no, I have not
I'm glad you asked but I haven't made up my mind yet. I'm still I'm still
You know feeling it and the car too. I'm still examining and exploring it
Isn't that the way it is when you got a new play toy?
You got to examine it explore it fondly feel it squeeze it
Dittel around with it and then you decide hey, this is not too bad or it's okay or maybe it's great
It looks great. It looks really neat everybody. It gets a lot of looks. I now I got a new deal
I'm driving to work this morning in my new Corvette
Now I got these people to kind of like look out of the side
You don't want to say they don't want to look directly there. You know, they're staring at the car
But when you turn in your look at them because you know that they're eyeballing your car then all of a day kind of like oh
That wasn't really looking okay
Especially if they're driving like a red Mustang GT like one guy was this morning
And believe me I saw your driving out here on Sheridan street when I turn the corner
No wonder your driving a Mustang okay
You couldn't drive your finger up your record. That's why you're driving a Mustang you loser
God a red Mustang actually look pretty good
Yeah, that new Mustang I got I got to be honest with you not that I would ever want one
But you Mustang people that I got a new Mustang the new real sharp looking ones. They don't look too bad for like a little kitty car
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Hey Neil this is Robert a hydroponic roller from
And I'm a douchebag. That was that was good wasn't it?
That was a good call
Can you tell me about the line of a planet? I think when you spoke too much it makes your voice go up like Mickey Mouse
No shoot right
Anyways, yeah
Oh great. Yeah, I'll give her a ticket will you right right?
Right, I'll run in a red light give that bitch a ticket right now
She almost crashed right into a cop come on porky give that bitch a ticket now
Release good her number. Yeah, I guess he was darned as a donut shop probably yeah, I didn't pull a wrong
probably runchels. Yes, anyways
In closing, I just want to call my mother on our douchebag. Okay
She believes that crap with the Virgin Mary on the bank building. Oh my god
And I get to the point I just say
Okay, you believe what you want? I believe what I want I go well how about the cinnamon roll too?
Well that could happen to I go oh god, that's right. I didn't get into it because I wanted to get laid last
I put my wife soft by your mother-in-law
Okay, I know how I got into a work there. I wouldn't have not
Got any so you wouldn't have gotten into it right
Okay pal good luck to congratulations. Oh god, that's good. Okay
Two open lines and date six two two W.Y.O.D
Why the hell can't the Virgin Mary show up on a cinnamon on a cinnamon? Oh man
Isn't that what you say when you eat a cinnamon? Oh god, that's good
That's right
I never I don't think I ever had a cinnamon but I smelt them
You know how in all the airports they have and like in Vegas in the Vegas airport you remember
They have that cinnamon is you that's the only thing I hate about Vegas is the airport
Oh, I mean, it's not a bad airport, but it's just the walk no matter what gate you come in on the schlep from the
Gate to the to get out of there. It's like a hundred miles
A hundred miles and of course you got a past four thousand crappy slot machines out of way out of there
But god is that a long schlep to get out of that macarone international airport?
You're just dying to get in your rented car or on the limo or the bus or whatever and get to the casino and start losing right away
But man, it is the longest lep and then you got to walk by that cinnamon and the aroma of that oh
God is that stuff smell good
man
And you can hear people like they're practically swooning in there
So you know that they're seeing the virgin Mary on the bun they're seeing her buns on the roll
They're saying oh god
The rolls they're doing it in the back room one of the other
At cinnamon boy, that's good stuff. We shouldn't have them. I don't bring any over here, please
It's not on the atkins baby not even on a scatkins that cinema but it you just smelling it is good enough for me
And the that's what I told the Josh Moro just smelling it's okay for me
1258 at W.I. Day told JC that the couple of weeks ago. That's why we don't see him no more
Hey, if you want to sniff out a great bank here's family bank
In fact my buddy Matt was there on Friday morning when I deposited a certain check George on Friday morning
And he was there like real early eight o'clock in the drive-through
Like naked and well not naked, but I mean didn't have a suit and a tie on and I said hey, Matt
You're looking pretty good this morning. He kept taking more clothes off and more. I don't know if he'll do it for you
But he kind of enjoys when I go through there
You know especially when I put in enough money to make the payroll
You're gonna love family bank. They're like members of your family. That's why it ought to be called family bank and it is
Caution adult to Lincoln's at work
16 W I O D Miami fort Lauderdale. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
If your car's life is over
Go see bend over
You'll realize what you had was heinous when you hop in and ride your
A-ness. Oh, yeah, you've enjoyed driving mercury. You loved your Saturn now come and dig Uranus
Love that new car smell nothing smells like Uranus the pendability no one has ever got stuck in Uranus
Take the punch. They'll be courageous bend over and ride your rain
And if you like a car that holds the road you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried
Uranus powerful yet great with gas need trunk space rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus
And if Uranus is rear-ended are well lubricated joints will soften the blow
Come to our showroom and pick out Uranus and leave that messy paperwork to us
Check out Uranus
Gain is bend over and ride your rain is okay 104 W I do you see in yesterday's the Sunsettle a big article
Republic's yellow brick road in business Sunday
Big song and an answer by republicanist reason Wayne did this and Wayne did that Wayne's gonna do this and
Etc. Or it doesn't say a damn thing
I just read it doesn't say a damn thing doesn't tell me whether to sell a stock whether it's going up to 500 whether it's gonna go down to 10
Doesn't say anything how's the market doing by the way? I don't want you to panic okay
It's by the way if you got your a DSS
275 is the new location for CNBC all look at it. It's not even down 100
96.31 and the NASDAQs down 20 which that's like about 100 points. It's not too good
Not too good today would be a real good day to sell get on a phone with your broker and Haka Machinik
Here's Miami. Hello
My Amy
Hello doctor. Yes
Great listen. I just got back the best the best I just got back from the New York areas. Yeah
Watch my own there's a kick some ass Saturday at the college eight to two eight to two with a thrashing
Zigmund Palfi gets the hat trick just in the second period no less for three in a second right
The best thing that do I know what's going on or do I know what's going on mr. You know what's going on? I got my thumb on it
Listen the best thing could have into that team was for no dirty go upstairs and right
But I should take over the team there's right
But to the is you know something. They're not out of it. No. We were only one point behind
It's unbelievable. There is the I have never seen anything like this. There's like 150 teams vying for the last three spots. Yeah
In the east. Hey, yeah, we got a shot up and then hey, I went over to the metal ends and I caught the
Thursday game. Yeah, which was kind of nice to see Billy Gurer had to pretty good game right and good player
Like Billy Gurer and hell of a player. Yeah, he is. I think it the doubles
Can somehow squeeze the path filly and we can squeeze the the eight spot
I think we got a shot and how about St. Louis knocking off Philly last night
I saw that game they beat him three to two. That was a hell of a game. Yes
Grant Fierre actually played some damn game last night. He was unbelievable. Yeah, I didn't
Didn't watch him. He made a save off Lindross and last couple of minutes of that game
Which you you had to see it to believe it. Yeah, hey, we caught the
The replay of the of your game Saturday night when we got back in the game and don't say your game
Huh their game
Don't play me for that. I had nothing to do with that. That was that was beautiful
Pathetic coma. How many of these coma games we're gonna keep playing now, man? I don't know
You guys are offensive. We got to get it going tonight again
That's right. Got to stick some in air against the team that has no defense not a bad defense no defense
We better score about five or six tonight or I'm gonna want answers in the morning. Hey, you think we're gonna be pumped up for this game tonight
I hope it gets five
All right, Neil. Have a great day pal. Hey, Neil. Yeah
I have a request. Yes, can I have the David Vola go over time go again?
Pretty pleased who David Vola. Oh, where the hell am I gonna find that?
Oh, come on, Neil. I'll look for it. Thanks, but okay
David Vola can at least pronounce you right. Where do you think there's any chance I'm gonna find that George?
But it'll kill some good time looking
Oh my god, where the hell I know I got it
I must I threw it out you know something. I'm pretty pissed off about all those cars that we threw out
When Roy was holding a gun to our head oh, we don't know more cards. You better get rid of all those cards
You got a month to get rid of the cards. That was another part of the ass and they asked holding of W.I.O.D
Was Roy Pressman in here? Tell us that we had a certain length of time that we had to get rid of the carts
Talk about an interpret act that was totally unacceptable and grotesque. I can't find it right now
This guy's requesting hockey calls from like three years ago for crying out loud by the grotesque Chris Cuthbert of CBC
And what's going on with this what's going on with this we had these bastards going again and now
No, even I can't listen to bad
Check it out check it out. You know, I'm gonna tell you something and I want I'm gonna say it
You if you get pissed off too bad. I have a real problem
Not with black people because black people are like anybody. You know, there's good black people
Black people like white like anybody else, but with black culture in America. I got a real
Serious serious problem with black culture many blacks don't call that black culture you realize what the normal people
Don't consider that to be black culture and are offended by it what three T all that three T check it out
Check it out, but that's that's like ten steps above rap music
That's like about ten steps on the food chain above rap crap
It's just slow schmalti rap
Check it out
Oh, I get this is not only three T. It's featuring Prince Marky. He
Well, that's planes it y'all
Oh my god, is it literate as they want to be when you're gonna stop with the illiterate bull crap already check it out
Check it out. I can't stand it. I have a problem with it. Please help me
We have an open line at day 622 w.w.w.w.w. We have a parent-broward 7679 463
We have on an open line. We had a real flurry there even Calgary never had a flurry like that
Then the guy called you started talking hockey and they all disappeared
I think that I think that's it no more hockey talk man these people they they not only don't they know anything about it
They don't want to hear it because they don't understand it
Even if they like it or they think they like it they don't get it
They wouldn't know zigmund palfi from the zigmfield follies these people
They're clueless and shoeless and by the way
So I saw shulat that game last week which game was that that was that awful Ottawa game a
Where we lost three to nothing but we made it look like three to two was really the final score
But it was really three nothing could have been five nothing
It was really pathetic again another comment performance
That's why they don't care because we're playing pretty crappy these days. That's why they don't care
Cooper city hello
Yellow yes, sir your dog was up G
K
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
No, I had to change a pace on here, but I was gonna ask you about the
Marlin
What is it? I hope it's gonna ask you about the Marlin. I'm not into fishing
Not at all huh you gonna get out to watch any of the games this year I might I might
Norm can't call me before he's got tickets for opening day tomorrow four o'clock against the cubs
What do you think? Give him my number. No, you think I should go absolutely. I don't think so
He can sit up there by your buddy Harry. Is he gonna me tell? Yes, he and I don't I don't know
I don't think he's making any of the road trips this year none and if he's not there
It's not even worth going no, it's not it's right
He's gonna get up there in the seventh inning and staying for it, but he doesn't do that
No, not out of town. He doesn't do it. He did he did that one time and some people got bent out of shape
Why he's the best and he is
You're right. Get upset. I'm a cub fan
I don't know but bad. I trust you are true. Right. Well, I guess I answered my next question
I was gonna see if you were gonna have him on the show while he's in town, but I guess if he's in town
That's gonna be hard to do that really
My ass a little bit. Yeah
He's up there having himself a good time. Yeah, anyway my next question is only going to be going to
Florence, Italy in May really and I was gonna ask you how the weather is in in May it'll be a decent
You know, it'd be okay. Yeah, it'll be in the probably 65 to 75 range
No kidding. Yeah, that's not bad. It'll be like spring. You want to know why because it'll be spring
Perfect. It'll be nice. It'll be if you've ever been there
No, I never know man. Are you in for a real? You've never been to Europe? Never been to Europe. Oh my god
You better strap yourself in tight. You'll find out what the real world's all about really trust me
Okay, I want a full report. Okay. How long how long you going for it? I'm going for two and a half weeks
All in Florence
Well, no, I mean, I was going from there, but that's where we're going to be centrally. What else you going
Um, basically anywhere we decide to go Roma. Oh, I'm sure we'll go. Gotta go to Roma. I'm sure and probably let's see if you're gonna
Probably want to check out Bologna
I'm gonna check out wherever they take me and maybe Venetia Venice Venice take your hip boots
What's the best place in to go and Italy the best place? Rome
Rome Rome
No mistake about it Florence is beautiful. It's great
Uh, well, I mean, I haven't been all these other places, but Rome you will love Rome. You'll just you will kiss the ground
You'll kiss the earth. Yeah, yeah, the food a little bit. Yeah, have a great time pal. All right
There's a lucky camper right there. He's going to Roma. He's going to Franza. He's going to Venetia
He's going to Sicilia Palermo
He's going to scoli di Puccano
Yeah, that's right. I scoli di Puccano
He's going to Tarino
He might even sneak across the Alps there to Switzerland to Schwarz. Asfights
Two open lines on the green lines there. They whatever those lines are Broward 7679463
767 w i o d on a great Monday. God is it a good day
I'm gonna tell you something I get out of bed in the morning now and I say every day is a good day
I can't imagine why
But I'm thinking at myself
Stand major huh? Okay, once 16 at W.I.D. Sudge was just tell me amazing stand major stories
I think the only person around here more amazing than stand major is
You're right. I mean we have an open line at day at 62 to W.I.O.D. We have two and Broward 7679463
In fact, I'm just diddling around now looking for some music to play
Because we only got two or three calls on the board
I know we're never going to make it until two without music la musica
I just know what I can feel it
Open line on the mobile web purple one mobile one lie whatever the hell idea is pound i.o.d
Two and Broward 767 w i o d two on the out of town lines. We had a call. Where was it from
From and he wasn't even listening on the internet Portland Park no no the out of town guy. Yeah, Parkland
Portland, oh Portland, Oregon. Yes. Thank you. So my thoughts said Parkland
Oh, here's here's a picture remember the guy called about the event that the guy backed over the Corvette
Here's a picture of it
It says if you think you had a rough day last week this brand new Corvette
Zoner was in Pembroke Pines to pick up some of John the Baker's great food
When he came out he couldn't believe his eyes a mercury sable was actually parked on top of his beautiful car
Which as you can see had temporary plates. Oh my god. Just got this car brand new
Do you know what I would do?
Seriously, no questions asked
Oh
My god, it says the food at John the Baker is so good people seem to be willing to park any place to be the first to
Et cetera in the flamingo pines plus the next to Home Depot
And his jackass backed up over the top of this beautiful brand new Corvette that still had the dealer plates on it
I'm probably yeah, we had a call about it. They seen it. They were there when it happened
Talk about absolutely unacceptable grotesque life ending a behavior. That's it
Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing sir great great. We can all right the best
I was the guy brought you to yoga last week. Oh, thank you so much by the way. I think it may have helped a little bit
I've been there. It's very slow, but I'm good in there. I'm glad to hear
Um about I didn't get a chance to call you last week, but uh did you see uh who
Luis McGulles with at the Oscars somebody called but it slips my mind. Yeah, the girl that was in that despirado
Some bitch. Yeah, I think it was great. I think it was great. Fedick. Yeah
Uh Chien is uh used to be a minute oh chien. I know who that is
Yeah, you think chai young you think oh he was doing that chai chian he was doing that uh like Chinese chai chian
So yeah, they were they were a minute ago chian's okay. Yeah, a couple of reekens. Yeah
All right, Neal. I just got
He ain't no he ain't no flavio cizer. I'll tell you that
Nobody is
Flavius cizer and his brother biggest dickest man look out for them. Have a great day. The yes sir
See, he slays me
Two open lines in date six two two nine four six three in fact flavio cizer is on some uh
Holy Osop opera every afternoon for those of you speaks real
Professionals picks out there to watch 23 and or 51. He's on some soap
And they said that he's having a hard time hanging out of it
767 946 3 767 well, it is kind of a Roman name you know flavius flavio
He looks Roman. He looks like he's Roman all over the place
Wonder if he knows Louise real well
Here's a lady in Miramar. Hello
Lady in Miramar Neal. Yes ma'am hi, it's Christy. How are you? How are you doing good? Neal? I hear that they're gonna take you off the radio
No, they're not
What's going on? What's going on with what?
I keep hearing this thing that tells you that they're taking me off the radio who told you that?
I keep hearing all the time. What where do you who told you that? I'm asking you the question and you keep
Time you keep hearing it from where?
My friend well your friends don't know they're asked from their elbow
No, they don't they don't know their Adam's apple from their from their thing
I wanted to let you know that my husband listens to you all day
Yes, and he he's always writing around right and I have all my girls here and they they want to scream something out to you
Okay, we're ready
One two three
All right
Great taste we don't I'm not going nowhere. Okay great. See you. Bye. Bye. They're taking me off the air
Not you or any other damn stupid thing will take me off the air remember hardbeel
And they said
So anyway, we have well he had that thing with birds remember he said I have this relationship with nature and
Birds and so on
6229 463 and date and we got nothing in date. We got not one call
There's two million people in date county
There's over two million people not every one of them came in on a rubber raft
And we don't have one of them on the phone right now that to me indicates that a either nobody is listening
Which I know is not the case or be there a bunch of deadheads which I know is the case or see there to a busy on a Monday for us
Which is also the case
622 w. I. O. D. You better get with it right now, man. Are you gonna have tapes up the ass
Open line on the purple line. That's the mobile one purple line at pound i. O. D. Where's my good friend Jacob for crying out loud
Come on Jacob. Where are you hiding it?
Here's western hello. Hey, good morning. How you doing good evening?
It well what happened was you and you moved up to Hollywood all the date people fell off
They did I imagine I don't think so that was a fourth possibility. Okay
I'm really annoyed Neil. What are you annoyed about sir state police sir? Yeah, they suck there
You mean the fhp pigs that is correct. Florida highway pigs. Yeah, that's right. They have nothing better to do
They there's no reason for them to be in existence
You do understand that because we've already discovered that if we need people to write speeding tickets and other
Those stupid tickets we got more than enough to go around to write those
So there's no reason for us to have the Florida highway pigs
Well, you know if you're broken down
They're not gonna do anything for you. That's right
They don't even stop they don't even stop. I they just laugh as they go by with their big 10 gallon Texas head on as a matter of fact
When I tried calling you Friday afternoon on my way home at 130 in the afternoon
I paced a Florida pig fhp number one seven seven
Eight
And this scumbag douchebag slime ball. Yeah, he was doing more than the speed limit up 75
Yeah, I followed him from one I got on the palm metal all the way up to when he got off at Sheridan street
Yeah, and all this jerk off did was crawl up people's asses
He tailgated a made people panic and kept the flow of traffic the kind of Sheridan street and crawled up people's asses
That's right. Okay, so his speed was nowhere less than at least 73 miles an hour and their times he topped over 80 rectum
So I just reporting that I lost my case. I know randian as folks did the best they could there
You lost the case with the ticket defense team. I never heard of that. I did boy. That's a rarity. I know it is wow
Well, what happened was I was on my way to work in the morning. I go to work at four o'clock in the morning
Yeah, it was a day before Thanksgiving. You know they got that construction. Yeah
All right, you know that the pigs can now pace you. They don't need radar
They can do something that they write on the ticket. They can tell you anything they want they've always been able to do that
Well, I wasn't aware of that sure
They they can say whatever they want basically these guys did yeah
And I got it man. I should mention my name. You should have told him Uncle Neil you you still be on the inside
You'd be on the inside looking out. Yeah, okay. Don't do it again pal. All right pal. Okay
Broward County wide open now we finally get date straight now to now Broward goes into a big deep blue funk and we're not too sure
We're not too sure why but we think we have a pretty good answer
7679 463 767 W1. I'm in a hallway here talking to a fat boy before how about that Panther game Saturday and he goes
like that
He said where's the food that must have been a real stinker man
I'll tell you one thing if you take a weekend off and you miss a home game and it turns out to be a really bad bad
Grotesque disgusting game even if Delta does suck the big one
You think hey, that was a pretty good choice. I made nice go in Neil. Thank you so much
All I can say is oh god exactly here's a mobile and candle. Hello
Mobile and candle. It's got the radio way up real loud. Oh
That's okay. How's it going great? Listen, I just I just wanted to tell you the first time caller long time listener
Excellent for years I hate all the crap that I'm here, but it's good to hear you're gonna stay on
I spent the last year and a half in Kentucky suffering with draw in like the fetal position, but I love you all right
Okay, all right, there you go
Okay, just blew them a big one and a kiss too. We have an open line in date six two two nine four six three. Okay, look at broward
Browards having a problem
Seven six seven W. I. O. D
I think the rower playing all oldies by request okay, and if we don't have what you want
We'll just to play what I want
We'll be in the hand what okay, we don't drive
Who did this oh Johnny, oh, sorry
Words for it
What do I hate this do I hate this particular brand?
What
So anyway look at that broward thing there look at this broward problem man seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
This has been one of the most excruciating Mondays I can recall in recent memory. This has been hard
It has been brutally hard. I can't even put it in the words
God like a rock like a brick just like a brick
Like a lot of those shots that were thrown up in the NCAA's by the way
His little tip for all you better's out there wild cats gonna win the NCAA championship. All right
And thank God that Arizona
Thank God they didn't blow that game in the end. They give it a damn good shot
I'm so sick of North Carolina and Dean Smith. I mean, he's a great coach in the yada yada
He's been there a hundred years already go away Dean go find a life go play majong
Go read tarot. He's been a coach there for a hundred years already go away
And Arizona how bad can they be with a coach who plays the skin loot
He's got white herries a sweet. He's a sweet this guy the coach of Arizona
And they actually got a couple of white guys on their team, but they sit on the sideline of course
And they've got three black guys who are very very light-complexed who I think might be related to 3t
Why is that when you think it's just a coincidence?
The Arizona we recruit black guys, but they can't be like over a certain degree of darkness
Because there's all those real bigots out there in Arizona. All those John Birch types out there
We'll support your basketball team as long as you don't got no darkies that are like a too dark over a scale of three on a rickter scale
So like I said 3t might play for them pretty soon
Broward County. We're waiting on you. I'm gonna put this microphone down. I'm gonna walk around the room and wait
I want to see an explosion in Broward like so which has never been seen everybody else is a smoking
7679 463 767 W I O D our poll question today is how do you like Ron and Ron? How do you like Rick and suds?
How do you like the new bitch at night time? How do you like Brooke Daniels? How do you like the news guy?
How do you like Wandsmendietta? How do you like David Halberstam? How do you like Michael Mayo?
Hold the Mayo yeah, let me say it again in case you missed it earlier Michael Mayo writes a big column this morning about tennis
About a pansy sport about Tomas Fuster mooster whatever the hell your guys name is and still refuses to apologize
Michael Mayo. I'm gonna talk about this every day on his show for the rest of my life
I'm gonna mention this until you write the apology that you promised you promised right here
We got it on tape if we have to dig the tape out okay if I have to dig that tape out and play it every day
You made a pledge to retract that line about trying to get David Halberstam fire just because you're anti-Semitic
Because your grandma's name was Moskovitz or whatever it is you better get with it Michael or we're gonna start getting pithed off
And when we get pithed off we might actually start buying the herald but I doubted
128 and W I O D
610 W I O D
Visual party station of the American family Federation
I'm very proud of my new nose ring
I think I must be a Sashin King
Look in the mirror what do I see
And hands from what's from hell I don't look like me
You see I had surgery lots of plastic surgery
My skin my nose and my eyes
Watch my latest surgery if Stephen Tyler said
I can't believe the sign I got the pig with me
I
Got the big
I got the big
I got the big
I got the big
So the kids are out of school and proud huh
So we went to Don Corleone for justice and George done it
He done it he got back a little call back on one of the phones that the kids have been
Potsky right up there in Broward and the mother answered the phone and she said yes
I got on the other extension and that my son and his a punk friend there in between doing each other
They were making crank calls to you and I'm gonna take care of it right now
Nice going sweetheart one more time there you go one more all right
Punky little kids get a life okay get a life
Two open lines in Broward 7679 for go get the Sears catalog and go lock the door
Can get do something useful get out of our face
Here's Boka hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
You see that show in the morning on I'm
On MSNBC. No, I did not is on there every morning with his radio show
Yeah, and it's just sitting around Cone his board ops and everybody bastards
He looks at the desk you never know I read a thing about the last week of the week before he was on it
I forgot the fact that he was on
The on camera and he was like blurt not every four-letter word in the year in the thing
All right, he just like chewing gum looking at looking at his desk the whole show
That's what I that's hard like to wake up in the morning is watch Don I'm is who lose a funny guy
But it looks like a dead man the chewing gum
Hey, I would have CNBC a C-SPAN contact you about putting your show on are you kidding me come on for what for the world
I don't chew gum pal
We have an open line on the out of town line one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one
Triple eight four seven four w i o d on a great Monday every day's a great day here at Paxon ink
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing great good
This and the oven listen to you quite a while and I hear a lot of talk about the tickets and your your collars and you
Talking about how
unfair a lot of this is
Hawn for what way man? I want to fear what is well that people are receiving traffic tickets, you know and
You know you can keep in mind that are you are you a cop?
I'm sorry. Are you a cop? No, I'm not a cop. No, I'm an airline pilot and uh what a no for not for Delta
I hope not for Delta no not for Delta. Oh, thank god
You know you've got people you got 50 almost 50,000 40,000 people a year dying on the America's highways
Yeah, look at that number look at the number. It's in cram and you've got and it's because of speed
Is that what you're saying? Well, no, it's for a lot of causes. Yeah, I mean, it's let me ask you let me ask you this question
When's the last time you saw one of these old 90-year-old drivers who should never have a driver's license
When's the last time you saw one of them pull over for going too slow or impeding traffic when's the last time?
Well, you're right. I'm not never saw it never saw it in my life. I lived here
I lived here for 21 years. I've never seen it once
Well, it's you're right. It should be tail. We should have a system in place where these elderly drivers are
They have to be periodically tested when they reach a certain age, but they've got so much for the car
We're talking about people in their 90s. We're talking about people in their mid 80s and 90s who are getting renewals by mail for six years
I don't have any problem with that
You wonder why people are getting killed on the highway out there
People deserve to get tickets because because they're going because they're going 10 miles over this speed limit
Accidents and they're caught and people to get killed. Let me say let me say this to you
Okay, if you're going 10 miles over the speed limit 11 o'clock at night on a road where there's absolutely no other traffic in either direction
I've never gotten a ticket for that. I routinely go 10 miles over the speed limit right by cost and I have never received a ticket for that
That's not the kind of ticket I'm talking about those tickets are written every day every day
Probably right, but Zillian's on the number of people that are running red lights in this town
How about the people that are driving around stona?
How about the people that are driving around stoned out of their minds out there in his town?
Well, that's true too. There you go. The point is is people who deserve to get tickets
Very often and some people don't deserve it. I is certainly nothing some doing some don't and sometimes it's just as well
You know, I mean, you know look at the media attention
We have an airplane crash is and god knows any any airplane a crash and kill somebody at the tragic event
Yeah, they haven't been they're haven't been seven or seven or eight thousand people or left have been killed in the entire history of
Aviation. Yeah, we have 40,000 people per year. That's right
Because you also got a lot of don't you got a lot of dumb people out there driving to you realize that don't you?
Of course, and the dumber you are the more dangerous you are well
That's very I say let's get everybody off the road except you and me. How's that?
Well, I don't think that's gonna work and you start and date now all the stonest day and browards
There's folks that definitely need to be pick it in and you can't always blame the cops right not always just most of the time
All right
I'll see you nose friendly skies all right, okay
We have an open line not delta no more delta for me open line and broward 7679 463 two open lines and the green lines the Palm Beach lines
The worldwide audio net lines wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
At one triple eight 4749 463 one eight eight eight eight four seven four w i d do not go see Donnie Brasco do go see godfather one
Oh, there's another movie coming out that I thought was it looked really great
I can't think of what it was looked like it was gonna be sensational looked like it was gonna be fantastic another one of those mafia type movies
Uh, I can't think of it. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing great? What's going on? Not much? I got a question about that comment
You just made we're about to donnie brasco you don't like that movie. I haven't seen it
But everybody tells me don't waste your money. It sucks. I come on. You gotta go see that everybody said it sucks
Okay, all right another thing. There's Johnny Depp naked in it. What's that?
What's that guy is Johnny Depp naked in the movie?
Yeah, he doesn't get naked. Oh, then forget it. Stay away from that. Okay. All right. No more is for you this year, huh?
I didn't say that. I gotta go catch them. They were playing a hurricane a couple days ago. They were playing the Huracans?
Huracoo. Yeah. Come on now. Who won the game? Are you not waiting? Wait, wait, wait, wait. You don't go to you don't go to you, Em. Do you?
No. Oh, please tell me you don't go to you. Em. No, why? Do you see that the guy from you, Em was among the cult members who
Offed himself? Are you serious? Didn't you see that in the paper today? I was a familiar with that guy from you, Em was one of the
cult members who drank the stuff and ate the pudding and the apple sauce and bought the story and then turns out the
Guy didn't have cancer after all. He didn't have cancer. He didn't have cancer. He's over there anyways. Huh? About your liberal fruity
Bastards over there anyway at UM liberal. There's liberal people at UM. Yeah, trust me. If you find one, let us know. I will. I'll search one out for you.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Come on. The guy's name was David Cabot Von Sinder and he's 48 and he's one of the guys that
Committed that off himself. He drank the crap. So you think he was influenced by the Huracans? I think it was because he was a
Cool. Yeah, that's enough that would be enough to make me blow my brains out. Come on. Okay. One more thing. Yeah, I got this dog over here. Yeah,
There's a little puppy. Yeah, you know how to dog what do you call it? House break them? Yes, I do. What should I do? You want the real you want the real answer?
Yeah, you're going to laugh. You're not going to do it. You go to the drugstore. Yeah, you get some infants depositories.
Oh, see, I knew you're going to laugh. Okay, you don't want to do this works. The greater its instant. It's immediate within days.
That dog will never do it in the house again. Infant depository. The little supply. Don't get what? What kind of a dog is it?
Go to the retriever. My goal and retriever hasn't done a number in the house since he was an infant. Okay.
Well, you take, listen to me. You take the depositories and when you want to put them out like after you feed them about 20 minutes after you feed them.
Yeah, you stick a depository in his rectum and then you take them out. Listen to me. You take him outside immediately and within a matter of moments that pressure there on his
rectum will cause him to do the number outside and then he'll realize that when you go outside, that's where you do your thing.
I'm telling you, I nobody wants to believe me. It's the surest way to house break a dog. You're a sick,
the method person. Okay, or a match that will do. Okay, good luck to you pal. And don't forget it's up the dogs ass.
Okay, we have an open line a day. I can just see this guy's going to be sticking match sticks up his rectum or
supositorase. But hey, if you got hemorrhoids, it can't hurt. Open line and day 622 W. I see faint riches here today.
See his horse jog five and a half lengths on Saturday. I saw it. I saw the thing in the paper.
Horse jogger and I want you to have a price though. But hey, that's what happens when he keeps winning. Keep winning.
Got a stiff. I mean, open line and Broward 7679 463 767 W. I. I. Come on, Richie. Let's stiff him a few weeks in a row.
Then we'll go about eight to one, but I'm being down the road.
So anyway, did I mention it's 141? I think I did. Here's Kendall. Hello. Oh, Heavenly Father. How you doing? Great. Yeah, I saw a deal. God. You.
I went up to you and talked to you at the auto again. And did I cartoon?
Oh, yeah, that was great. You like that. That was outstanding. And everyone who says, you know, that you're unfriendly into some that.
I mean, I have read here and you talked to me and you're nice to me. That's pretty unusual. If you got read here, I usually pretend I'm busy.
You know, I usually look the other way. Well, the friend of mine that was with me, that was his first hockey game. And it was really funny because he's asking me.
Why do they keep dumping the puck down the other end and then they don't go and get it?
I'm like, you came to the wrong first game. That's, yeah. Sorry about that, pal. We apologize. I'm behalf of the Panthers.
We apologize profusely and also for Saturday. If anybody went, which I did not. I didn't go to that.
No. In closing, I request you play chia twat for my girlfriend. That's the word she hates.
Oh, she don't like chia, huh? Okay, pal. Have a great day. Okay. We have an open line. And who would have would play something like that?
If you love chia tree and the assorted chia animals, you'll get off on the latest addition to the chia family. The chia twat.
Hours and hours of fun. For kids young and old, it's gotta be chia twat.
Sively and cert to seed, moisten and watch it grow and grow into a lovely furry twat.
For birthdays, anniversaries, Christmas or any occasion, look no further than chia twat.
And coming soon to the chia family, it's the chia turd.
Chia egg for young and the musical chia yoko oh no.
No, I sang on my neck. No.
Okay, 143, a W-I-O-D.
Six, ten W-I-O-D.
This is David Huffleau. They don't come any better than funny her.
She gained a claim with her breakout performance in the People vs. Larry Flint.
Now, Courtney Loft takes the theater by storm, appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse.
See how riveting performance is Lady McBeth in the Scottish Play.
Is this the mother f*** jagger I see before me?
As blanched to boi in a street car named desire.
I've always relied on the kindness of strangers.
Sucker!
And of course St. Joan by George Bernard Shaw.
Get that torch away from me, mother f***ing s***ing bastards!
Yes, Courtney Loft plays the classics.
This spring at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, get out of my f***ing face.
What are your tickets today?
Son of a f***ing mother f***ing s***.
They say I love his taboo.
That what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not a lie, girl, the man.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
When lights go out, it's in.
I can't escape the way I feel.
Now that would be a prime.
As long as I am doing you,
I don't mind doing time.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regrets.
I got you for a candy bar.
And a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resistant.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would get you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch.
Oh, prison bitch.
I guess that you were sent from a bar.
Yeah, prison bitch.
Oh, prison bitch.
Oh, and now you are my prisoner.
Oh.
And I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
And you're a sex machine.
Ah.
I only have a one request.
How about some gasoline.
Yeah.
I'm tired of these prison cells.
I need to get away.
The sentence made to seven years.
Not seven times a day, and you'll be in bitch.
You'll be in bitch, you're in for many acts.
Kimmy!
I really hate these markers that you've got to be on my back.
I thought that I could break away, but now I'm losing hope.
God, I'm bored of picking up the song.
And I'll write.
Where's a bitch?
Where's a bitch?
Burn up the lights, because I can hardly wait.
Oh!
Where's a bitch?
Where's a bitch?
And when I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others, too bad they had to die.
On the second bomb I think I'll stay.
If you want me to, your prison bitch is never leaving you.
I know I know why they call you up.
Hard criminal.
You're about to find out what you call this, the polkae.
We almost forgot that.
Thanks to Farage for reminding me, or we'd do that.
That would be in big trouble.
151 at WIOD.
Happy Monday.
We apologize profusely for the intemperate first two hours with that bad microphone.
With the Faulty equipment, which is pretty unusual here at Paxing Broadcasting.
Pretty unusual for us to have faulty stuff.
By the way, did you see Juan?
Did you run into him?
Juan Mendillero.
You didn't see me.
He was in here to get his check.
Juan's Mendillero.
He said he's doing over there at Channel 7, and they're all smiling about it.
Here's Miami Beach on a mobile.
Hello.
Hey, Neonel.
Yes, sir.
Let me pick up here real quick.
Listen, a little thing for your listeners to be lit on the lookout for when they're going out to the arena.
Yeah.
There's some of these guys in blue.
They call themselves City of Miami Police Department.
Yeah.
Well, they're doing a little something funny with those tickets that some folks are considered scout.
Yeah.
They're confiscating them, and giving them back to somebody they call a scout for to resell them.
Hi.
Now, don't tell me there's a scam going on out there at the arena.
Yeah.
Yep.
And I'd like to call you listeners that go out there to be real careful who they buy these tickets from.
Oh, hey.
They might just be the ones that are taking their tax money, too.
You know, it's funny because one of my chronic listeners came over in the before the audible game,
and he almost got thrown into whose cow for scouting a ticket.
Well, I'll tell you, it's not even going to happen.
If you can buy it from below, these guys are going to take the ticket away from you.
Yeah.
The guy who sells them to you just kind of wanders off.
Yeah.
And, you know, office or friendly there takes tickets.
Tickets in his pocket gives you a few ex-putters and on to the next corner he passes them off to Mr. Joe Scalper.
You know, it's interesting because they do confiscate the tickets.
Oh, they confiscate the tickets.
And they also save you got any other ones there.
And of course, if you're still good enough to say yes and you give it to them, you're making them some big bucks.
Oh, they'll take everything you've gotten, including your shorts.
All right.
So those right back to somebody else.
Great.
So if you want to let your listeners know that, yeah, and I encourage them to call in a little bit of people know they're not there on the track too.
Okay.
All right, man.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, scam, ticket scam, arena scam.
There you go.
Hey boy, what's that in your mouth?
We have an open line on the mobile one purple line there, pond IOD.
We have one in day, six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, two, two, two, two, IOD on a great Monday, on a tumultuous Monday, at WIOD, where every day is a great day.
Where every day is a picnic without the ants.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think the sweet water police department are a bunch of pigs.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was all right.
Okay, okay, Don.
Thanks a lot.
That was Don.
Was that Don on the phone?
That was Don.
That was him.
Get a haircut, Don.
Haircut, yes or no?
Let's do a poll.
Should Don get the haircut?
So Stan, what was this, Todd?
Tell me that Stan's off that network thing?
That he had into a big contra-tops with somebody.
How unusual.
Come on Stan, you got to put the food on the table baby.
I don't have any money to be loan anymore.
We have an open line in day, six, two, two, two, WIOD.
We have one on the purple, the mobile one line of all places, which is impossible, at Pound IOD.
Yeah, we better have a big night at the Track Tonight Fat, Rich.
I'll tell you that.
Mr. Hatchout there, he's got all the answers to every race.
He's got the inside, the outside, the skinny, the fat.
Now what the hell is this?
This is a Fax or eight months ago I called, told you that would one, Fax you this story,
and oh father Murphy.
And it's supposed to be, oh look at the printing there George.
Maybe if I'm like a real good one day I'll be able to read that.
If I get my health back.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Long time listen to First Time Caller.
Excellent day.
I've got a great cop story for you.
Okay.
I'm coming home on Broward Boulevard.
Yeah.
And Fort Lauderdale, east of Federal, very busy part of Broward Boulevard at about four
o'clock on Friday.
Yeah.
When I notice this commotion up about a half a mile ahead and all the cars are stopped
and I think it's an accident.
But when I get closer it's actually cop in training, stopping traffic with their arms.
And for what do you have to do on a Friday?
And for what afternoon on a Friday.
Oh my god.
There were in the schoolboy guys neck.
Yeah.
There were in the schoolboy orange crossing guard things and they're out in the middle of
three practicing how to stop traffic.
Want to go out there and break that **** guys neck.
Yeah okay Wayne.
Yeah.
And the one in particular this this check look like she was getting attacked by a swarm
of killer bees.
Yeah.
She's waving all over the place and stopping cars and she's almost causing accidents.
And I thought, you know, hey, this is this is the law.
Here they are.
It's nice going.
Yeah.
I'd love to see her attacks always at work.
It's like when they put the a trainee board ops in the middle of the day at my show between
10 and 2 in prime time.
Same thing.
Yeah.
George.
Yeah.
The other geniuses.
Yep.
All right.
Thanks for the good news.
I thought you'd enjoy that.
Okay.
In closing.
Can I call someone a douchebag?
Deem I guessed.
Brad you are an internet leasing douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks.
See ya.
So anyway anybody seen Brad's pits penis on the internet yet everybody's seen that.
Everybody has seen Brad pit on the internet.
I tell you one thing.
He may not be all that gigantic, but he sure can't act.
Sure can act for a kid that looks as good as he does.
He couldn't act his way out of a paper sack.
What's in the box?
You talk about somebody desperately trying to be somebody else.
Now Matt Dillon, that kid always was trying to be a combination between Marlon Brando and
somebody I can't figure out.
Okay.
Always wanted to be somebody else.
Brad pit in seven was desperately trying to be Marlon.
Everybody wants to be Marlon Brando.
Which there's only one Marlon Brando and this to which why the hell would you want to be Marlon Brando anyway?
That damn bag and I can't stand up.
God.
He must wait like 700 pounds now doesn't he?
In fact, he's so big they were going to make Godfather four five and six all at the same time with Marlon.
Do it all the roles, eatin' all the roles.
Poor Marlon man, they had to kill him off in the first movie.
Don Coyote.
I am Marlon and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding.
Exactly.
157 at WID.
Do yourself a favor and go see by the way, Fair Rich, like Donnie Brasco, there's one vote.
From our movie review crowd, everybody else hated it like poison except a couple listeners,
a couple of New Yorkers and Riches from New York anyway.
Everybody else said don't go see it.
Go see the Godfather, okay.
Then you'll understand where all these lines are that we use on the show all the time that everybody in the world keeps repeating these lines.
How can you understand what we're talking about if you haven't seen the Godfather?
For your father, for your father.
Right?
Leave the gun, take the canole.
If you haven't seen Godfather, what the hell does that mean?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Come to the park and play folks, Pompadopark, where Monday, like tonight, is two for one night.
I'm going to be there plunge in my brains out. We better win big tonight, fatso.
That's right. You can go to Pompadopark and get two for one with the coupon found in the race program or in Monday Sun Sentinel.
Two clubhouse admissions for the price of one, two Pompadopark race programs for the price of one.
The top of the park dining room's got two complete dinners for just 20 bucks.
Choose from fish, roasted chicken or prime rib.
Dinner in the top of the park also includes garden salad, dessert, coffee or tea.
Taxing retuity are not included.
Reservations always recommended because the place is always packed.
Don't forget at Pompadopark Wednesday is seniors night for just four bucks.
Anyone 55 or older?
Uh-oh, I'm getting close for just four bucks on Wednesday.
Anybody 55 or older can buy a ticket at the grandstand entrance, which gives them admission.
Seating Pompadopark race program, two dollar bedding voucher, a hotdog and a soft drink, bring your own bag.
Your best bet of the night is the seniors four dollar deal.
And TGIF that's right Friday is TGIF at Pompadopark, a dollar budwizer draft beer and dollar
Albeaf hotdogs all night long.
So don't forget Pompadopark with full card, semelcasting, starting at noon every day and advanced
Wage ring as well.
Poker every day beginning at 5 30 live race nights, no live racing Tuesday or Sunday.
Pompadopark could be a big night tonight.
We're going to win thousands, bring a bushel basket, take all the winnings home.
Pompadopark Atlantic Boulevard just west of 95 at Powerline.
