Hey Joe, quick dance like a mean guy most of you are a mean man.
Tell me you two a.m. my daddy Ford Lutter J.
Quick be in an old mini Joe, come on.
Yes, he see.
What word did you say?
What word did you say?
What word did you say?
Yes, he see.
Oh, right.
No hands.
There's no need to feel down or have no feet.
But you can touch the ground a new eyeball.
So put your glass eyeball down.
There's a place you can be.
Happy ladders.
There's a special today for some fingers.
It's double to one day if you're buying.
Less than ten parts you'll find.
You can use their new express line.
Four, four, four, four, four, four.
Take silver body parts and you'll see L.A.
Take silver body parts and you'll see L.A.
Play have everything from a thumb to a jaw.
All you need is your own dog.
You get your body parts and you'll see L.A.
All sorts of body parts and you'll see L.A.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You can get a new heart even ain't all the parts.
You can put it on your credit card.
It's 10.02 at WQAM on Monday.
If the beat goes on, baby, we can't say squad.
We can squad little bit but can we say it?
No.
It is just amazing what's going on.
Friday, there was like a little light bulb that went off
over the top of my head.
I'm standing there taking a leak.
Can we say that?
No.
Taking a ****** P going.
Of course, my little bathroom, my second bathroom,
is only a few feet away from this lovely little studio.
I'm playing that dolphin song, a KJ dolphin song
that everybody loves about the dolphins' stink and this and that.
In the middle of it, he says 50,000 ****** bull sitting in the stands
and I thought, oh no.
Now, Georgia, of course, being Johnny on a spot
and being Panicky as he should be, dumped it.
Right, I think.
Well, I'm pressing the dump button just to reactably.
Just for the hell of it, just to make sure.
Right, like every 15 seconds of it.
Right, just to make darn sure that nothing bad gets on the air.
Oh, listen.
I know.
I find out this morning that the elistice is growing
and of course they don't want to give us any specifics.
Well, you give it a shot.
Take your best shot and then we'll let you know afterward
whether you said something bad or not.
Anybody who really believes there's free speech in America anymore,
you're crazy.
You have to, you're suitable.
You need to be in a rubber room somewhere.
You can't say squat.
So the new deal is we can't say G-Damn.
I don't know how else to, how else to phrase it.
We can't say God ******.
We can say God bless America.
But that's the newest one.
We're still trying to get a ruling.
They're having a confab somewhere.
We're having a ruling on crap.
Can we say crap?
As of now, we can still say crap.
Now that bit that we have by Bob and Tom,
head shampoo, I don't think we can only say head if you're going to go.
I don't think we can say it under any circumstances.
No.
If you're going to go take a leak like I said before and go to the head.
No.
Or he's got a good head on his shoulders.
Can we say that?
You have to say dog in it.
Head in shoulders if we had an advertising for that.
See just like that farting horse and a super bowl commercial.
If there's money to be made, then you can say whatever you want.
And it's okay.
I thought there was money to be made.
What? In crap?
In, yeah, insane crap.
Well, look at what we're doing.
Here's the poll result from Friday, 20, 475 votes.
Damn, they're 20, darn, they're 2500 votes.
We can still say damn.
We just can't say damn.
G-damn.
Which of these people places are by the way, Ariel Shiro and nice job on our road map sweetheart.
He's doing it, isn't he?
Oh, man.
Look at him.
And now they warned us today that they're so whipped up into a frenzy.
They want his head on a plate.
Oh, I'd pay money to see that.
Or it'd be a kosher plate?
I don't know, but it'd be a hell of a big head.
It's a good thing they don't want his whole body on a plate, man.
Woo!
I think they have to use a platter.
Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated, mostly hype we asked in our poll?
George W. Bush, 446.
And Richard Clark says he's a freaking liar.
A freaking effing liar is what he said about El Presidente.
Howard Stern, 281.
Ah.
Joe's, I can still do that as of now.
Now, tomorrow I'm not too sure.
We're going to get some more clarification for him.
Just wait, pervote.
Joe Stone crab 209.
Parasultant 172, Russell Mball 158.
South Beach, overrated 150.
Ronnie Ray Gunn, 82, Walmart 80.
Walmart, number one on the Fortune 500.
Biggest, uh, most, uh, grave robbing business in the world.
Larry King, 78.
Disney 70, Rosio Donald 65.
Rikki Tiki, Sanchez 64.
The Outback Steakhouse 60.
I'm surprised it's such open hostility at the Outback, right?
Benefit 51.
Donald Trump 49, Planet Hollywood 49, Hard Rock Cafe 41.
The Rascal House 38.
Alex Pinellas 37.
Saga Rasmills Malt 36, Jimmy Buffon 36, Alien Gonzalez, Alien Edo 35.
Podcasted in over 34.
Simon Cowell 26, WQAM 25.
The Bahamas 23, Smith and Walensky 17, the Swap Shop 16.
Niagara Falls 13, Bayside 11, Chuck E. Cheese 11, George Lucas 9,
and the Sequoia coming in last place, pulling up by the rear head three.
For the Miami Sequoia.
So that's quite a list of places that people think are highly overrated.
That whole state of mind thing, you know what we left off at the Forge?
The Forge on the Beach?
You're right.
It's another state of mind.
I mean, if you don't know anybody in there to Schmir, if you don't know the Major D,
they sit you in that room way in the back.
The one where a few people got shot.
No, I think it was in the front that got shot.
But at any rate, they sit you way there in the back.
And the service is just pathetic because they figure out some kind of a schlepper
that shouldn't be there in the first place.
And then when you get those, those microwave potatoes, that's the best.
What are they?
This was years ago, many years ago, maybe they really butched up the rack, do you think?
No.
Hamas teed killed an airstrike as the Israelis once again,
Ariel Shiroin opens up the floodgates of hell.
That's what the Arabs are saying today.
Sheik Ahmed Yasin, the spiritual group of,
spiritual head of the Palestinian militant group Hamas, was killed.
He was butchered, smashed to smithereens and an Israeli airstrike.
He was targeted as he returned from a mosque in Gaza City at daybreak.
Reports that he was being pushed in his wheelchair when he was directly hit by a missile.
Good hit, by the way, but not the, not good timing.
Two bodyguards and one of his sons were reported to be among those killed.
At least 15 people were wounded.
Those pain in the ass bystanders.
Can we say ass?
No.
Oh, sorry.
Oh.
Well, let me ask you about that.
At the funeral procession in Gaza City,
mourners jostled the touch Yasin's coffin,
which was draped in a green Hamas flag.
Gunman wearing Hamas headbands fired shots in the air,
kind of like in Halea.
They said today they killed an Islamic symbol,
and now they're saying every house in Israel will be a house of death.
They're saying they're pledging that the stuff is really going to hit the fan now,
and they want Ariel Shiroin's head on a plate.
I didn't make that up.
That's what they're saying.
You know them?
Yeah, them.
They're saying so the entire Arab world,
even those people that weren't all that crazy about Hamas in the first place,
they're all like bonding together now.
So Shiroin is doing for the militants in the Middle East.
He's doing for them what Bush did for Osama Yamanah.
Right.
I'll go ahead and attack Iraq and just turn the whole Arab world against you
and just turn the Iraq into a hotbed of terrorism.
So I didn't watch Richard Clark.
I had the audio on tape, which we will play today from CBS to 60 minutes.
So I guess that you know, Paul O'Neill and Richard Clark,
all of these people, they just want to sell a book.
Isn't that must be it?
Yeah, that's what the right Wimmers will tell you.
Oh, they're just making it up.
Look at the timing.
His book is coming out today.
They just want to sell a book.
Hey.
What's the job in the Caribbean?
Right.
That must be it.
In connection with Richard Clark,
well, let me first give you the pool today.
Let's hop right on that.
With all the FCC crap going on,
and of course it's a good thing that we can still say crap as of today.
I mean, maybe tomorrow we couldn't take this pool.
Hey, we could have a, uh...
We have to say tomorrow with all the FCC stuff going on.
But being a vulgarant or potty mouth,
I just can't, I can't say stuff.
You know, when I want to say crap,
we should make it the word of the day while we can say it.
Right.
That's right.
When I want to say crap, I don't say stuff.
Like, I'm going to go take a stuff until we can't say that.
With all the FCC crap going on,
Neal should, and I've got five choices on here,
and I've, did I leave anything obvious out?
I don't, I don't know what the other options are.
Nothing obvious.
Retire!
Keep going as Vestikhan.
Just keep ripping bush and ass.
See now we can still say ass today.
Play music, or go back to all bedtime stories.
Those are the five choices on the pool today.
Daisy Fuentes behind the Beated Curtain today,
if you're over the age of 80.
And you swear I never look at it again.
Daisy Fuentes.
And like I told you,
when you click out of that Beated Curtain thing there on our website,
be sure and keep your eye on John Ascrot's eyes.
They're moving around.
He's monitoring you.
Newsweek magazine has learned that in the months before 9-11,
the US Justice Department curtailed a highly classified program called
Catchersmit to monitor Alcatas suspects in the US
after a federal judge severely chanced eyes the FBI
for improperly seeking information of our type terrorists.
During the Bush administration's first few months in AuraFist,
Attorney General John Ascrot downgraded terrorism as a priority,
choosing to place more emphasis on drug trafficking and gun violence,
report investigative correspondent Michael Isacoff
and assistant managing editor Evan Thomas in this week's
Mark Twainon issue of Newsweek, which is on the newsstands today.
Let me say it again, Ascrot wanted more emphasis on drug trafficking
and gun violence to that they didn't put a rush in the slammer.
That would have been good.
Popping all them oxies.
Oh, brother.
They sure had their priorities, right?
And of course, they also left out of this to show you how that liberal media
is covering things up again, covering up naked statues and drug trafficking.
You know what I mean?
All of these things.
That's right.
You know what this is like a dream.
This is like a nightmare that never ends.
We're going along, singing a song, doing our thing all of these years.
And then all of a sudden, like, oh, when you can't do this anymore,
and you sure can't do that, and you can't say this,
and everybody's getting fined and suspended and fired left and right.
And the public is like, we're like, we're like that.
Just like that.
And the mainstream media, other than 60 minutes,
the mainstream media is just going on with their agenda,
just bringing that cash register,
making as much money as they can, and that's it.
I'll guarantee you, I'll guarantee you,
that if it was CNN they were after for some crap they put on the air,
or for some stuff they put on the air,
then all of a sudden you'd be seeing, oh, my goodness,
they're after us, they're freedom of speech is gone,
and what are we going to do about this?
They'd be screaming around the clock 24-7.
But they're not.
And they're sure not after Fox News, although,
see what I'm thinking is that maybe some people
ought to start protesting, just like the student people
are protesting Oprah, which will get to that.
Start protesting all those racey shows on the Fox Entertainment Network
as opposed to the Fox Right-Wing News Network, right?
What goes around, comes around.
And see just how many fines they get,
and how many licenses they lose at Fox,
for all of that unacceptable left-wing,
commie, pinko, radical, rabid, homo, stuff that they put on Fox Entertainment,
so they can make the money to fund Rupert Murdoch's Right-Wing Agenda.
Anyway, and you catch my drift so far?
No, repeat it.
I'm drifting.
10-13 at 5-60 WQM, you're on...
Unbelievable station for the new millennium.
Hey, listen, we just can't say nothing no more.
And we got to look at the front page article
from Saturday Sunset, known by Little Tom Jicke,
which, Tommy, you know, see, this is one of the reasons
I don't like doing those things no more,
is because Tom means well, and I appreciate the coverage of the issue,
and the stop FCC.com plug in his other story.
But at least get it right.
I didn't say QAM has stripped my this and taken away.
I said, based on the FCC, vagueness and rulings now,
I can't play all of this stuff no more.
But he puts it in such a term to kind of create
like an adversarial relationship,
which we already have on of those anyway.
Get it right, Tom. But thanks anyway.
10-13 at QAM, hey, if you're fat as a cow,
and just about everybody in their brother in America is,
balance for life isn't tough to stick to
like most of those other so-called diets,
because balance for life is the premier meal delivery service
based on the zone diet by Dr. Berry Sears,
and they deliver all that delicious prepared food
right to your doorstep,
I'm not talking about prefabricated garbage,
no crap in your little sack.
Three delicious fresh meals, two snacks every single day.
So with all of that food, five feedings a day,
you can't really say you're on a diet.
So try for yourself the real meal service that delivers
results based on the zone diet,
and don't settle for imitations.
Imagine there's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning,
no calorie counting, not even any carbohydrate counting,
and people on balance for life are losing an average
of 12 to 18 pounds a month.
The zone diet's been proven to lower diabetes,
high cholesterol and high blood pressure too.
I think what they mean is lower your blood sugar,
is what they're saying.
I don't know how you lower diabetes.
And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet,
here's your chance, balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find
because balance for life is the only meal delivery company
that offers you menu choices that lets you go from phase one to phase three
of the anxious South Beach diet.
So feel the difference, see the results on the scale just about right away.
If you're frustrated, if you're fat, it's unhealthy.
Trust me, do it before you become diabetic.
Believe me, if I ever told you anything true,
that's the true right there.
Call them toll free, one, eight, six, six, two, two, five,
forty, five, forty, three.
That's one, eight, six, six, two, two, five, forty, five, forty, three.
Or check out their website, balanceforlife.com.
My life and love.
This is for trail by city.
We will you a-
I will start with your Gothamers book.
Freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads.
Oh, freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads.
That's a good one.
This room we're in, okay?
It's very scary, but...
I'm going to say that's very happy.
OK.
Stop MCC.com.
We're doing really well on there.
Florida is a very strong current effect.
We're right on California's ass at the moment.
We're making some big move in there.
In fact, I just took a look at it.
I see your boy Miguel sign on there.
It's good.
Should I put that on here?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, he came in to say, hey, I just
signed the thing.
Go look and see if my name is.
Nice going.
Miguel, of course, that means he's
going to fall out of favor in the Hispanic community,
although probably not because even our good
close personal friend over there at the most
speaking English station, Joe Ferrero, at Arreo L. Sol.
Please quote in this time, Jake article two.
I'll get to the article in a whole bunch of stuff.
Then we got the audio from the Richard.
I don't know whether we really need to play that.
Don't you think everybody saw 60-minute signs of that?
No, I know.
We really need to play that.
I'm just, it just did joke.
Just for a little facts.
Here's a little tease.
Right now.
See, there you go.
No, no.
Really, why they had you right?
Why they had a lightweight life?
Leslie Stahl, do that piece.
I mean, it's like the future of the world
is hinging into balance.
And they've got Leslie Stahl, who's
OK like maybe doing cooking recipes
or reviewing Martha Stewart.
Humanity.
I mean, oh, she is so embarrassingly juvenile
and so soft and morick.
She's weak.
Weak.
That was one for Mike Wallace to be doing.
Or Ed Bradley.
Or also, yeah, Bradley.
Huh?
Yeah, Ed would have been great.
Yeah, that would have been a dynamite
with a little earring in the mirror.
But anyway, it's nice going, Miguel.
Don't I'm telling you right now.
And please don't take this lightly.
And there are going to be some people say,
well, you know, they're going to get a few thousand signatures.
And what do I mean?
We got almost 67,000 signatures on there now.
Those are friends, Scott up there in New York.
I'm stock SCC.com.
And if some stuff are grandizing pompous fools on a year,
would spend more time promoting that thing instead of just
making a link on their websites.
We'd have hundreds of thousands already.
You need to get together with Eric.
OK.
OK.
No, listen to me.
OK.
Whoa.
No, I'm serious.
Remember the So far campaign I did an I&Z many years ago,
SOFAR, save our first amendment rights.
We need to rekindle that only for the purpose of raising some money.
We need to get together with Eric and maybe even Norma Kent.
Because what we did was we have to create a corporation.
OK.
Because I don't want people sending in checks made up to me.
That's bad.
In fact, we got enough, I might just leave.
No, seriously, in set up a corporation like that, not for profit.
And then take the money and buy ads.
And I'm talking in the next month within the next month.
And buy ads in like I'm thinking you want to say today.
OK.
I'm telling you where else I might even think about putting on.
I know this is disgusting, but you know, on the Fudge report
on that website, with all the people that view that every day
and put the banner up there, stop SCC.com.
You see what I'm saying?
I do.
So you and Eric need to brainstorm that.
Because I don't have the, yeah, I'll be more than happy
to make a nice donation to start it like a grand or a couple
of grand and some like that.
But if we can raise maybe like 50 grand,
and then we need to find out what the rates are like in USA
today and L, New York Times.
That's what we did before.
Only this would be just for the purpose
of promoting the message that's on here on this website.
And then the actual website itself, stop SCC.com.
So we can get that million signatures.
Because at the rate we're going now, it's going to take months
and months and months to get to a million.
Because there just isn't enough publicity for this thing.
I think I read somewhere that our bell promoted over the weekend
on his show, but most of his people are on that new planet.
That's the problem.
Takes a long time for their messages to get here.
But stop and think about one other fact
that it makes it so difficult.
If you're working for a cheap channel,
if you're on one of their stations,
are you going to go on here and promote stop SCC.com?
No way, Jose, I don't think so.
Not unless you think you can sneak your signature on there.
You're not going to find out about it.
See what I mean?
But if you're like a well-known personality,
I'm one of the cheap channel stations,
you're not going to go on here and promote stop SCC.com.
Even though you should, because that would,
they're cropping people who have a nervous,
they'd have a cow is what they've had.
Here's the fact that this is last week I fact you're stating
was ironic you could say G-Damn, but not other words.
Yeah, last week we could say the whole thing.
Now I can only say G-Damn.
Gee.
I guess the Bible thumpers woke up.
He said, now it's got nothing to do with the Bible thumpers.
It's got to do with our corporate attorneys over there
in Fort Myers, Naples, where we're going to hang it out in the
Rangia.
Says, Doc, shall I use the Lord's name in a van?
Neil, Vey, Neil God, oops, oops, Neil God.
Neil God.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Neil God.
Cut it out.
When and doubt, cut it out.
Tom Jicker writes on Saturday on the front page of the
Sun Sentinel.
Thanks again, Tom, but next time get it right.
I just don't like being misquoted.
He did that to me twice.
He did that in the first article.
And then he did it to me again.
And I'd never said that, well, forget about it, that this QAM
has stripped mine my occasionally risque program.
Does that sound like what I would say?
No.
First of all, QAM doesn't have enough smarts to figure out.
I mean, we've got 5,000 comedy bits in here.
Do you think that they went through the thing and no?
No.
It's just based on what the FCC rulings are right now and based
on the corporate interpretations of same, which were desperately
trying to get some clarification.
It's a hell of a deal.
All you people listening to me right now, when you go to work
every day, you have to beg your employer to say, to tell you what it
is that you can do and you can't do.
Like if you drive a cab.
OK, boss, how fast can I drive today?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I would say.
About 30, man.
Yeah, even on I-75 or the 30.
Because there's no stop signs.
Well, we're in the same pickle here now.
The FCC's got these vague and ambiguous rulings
they're making up as they go along.
You're be data, curtail freedom of speech,
the curtail you're ability to enjoy your entertainment,
radio TV, pop up posters, cable next, satellite radio TV
next, internet next.
There's no ending it.
Time jicker writes, sound Florida radio host
warrant a cleanup back to avoid fines.
Justin Tinkerbell might as well have torn up
Neil Rogers' radio playbook when he ripped away part of Janet
Jackson's top during the Super Bowl halftime show,
petrified by the specter of draconian new penalties
from the FCC, up to $500,000 per offense for broadcast
in decency, sound Florida station managers
have tightened the rules on what air talent may say.
Rogers, who has been the dominant personality in the Miami
Fort Lauderdale market for more than a quarter century,
says his employer WQM has virtually stripped mine
is occasionally a risk aid program.
That's not what I said, but anyway.
They've taken away about 70% of my comedy bits
at Rogers, that again is not what I said,
who has been given a new list of forbidden words,
that's true, which includes trademark epipates.
He's used thousands of times over the years,
which of course is absolutely correct.
Those are in addition to the infamous seven taboo words,
George Carlin once coined in the comedy routine,
which became an official part of broadcast law.
I have about 5,000 comedy bits in the computer,
said Rogers earlier this week.
How do you listen to everyone to see
if something that is now forbidden is in it?
I find myself auditioning bits during my breaks
to make sure they're all right before I put them on.
I've been playing some of these things for 25 years
and suddenly they say I can't do them any more.
The ripple effects of also read Spanish language radio
with its own new list of forbidden words.
I backed myself into a corner here,
I'll finish this after the break, okay?
Because I don't wanna like have to rush through it.
Did he say rush?
Okay.
Right.
I don't have the proper pills here
to be able to talk fast enough and no helium either.
1026 at 560 WQM,
your station for the millennium.
It's really, it's, who could have ever believed this?
You know?
Who could have ever dreamed this?
And in addition to which,
who could have ever dreamed that the response would be
so like Nambi Pambi?
Oh, gee.
It's scary, but then again, you're in America.
I'm not.
Don't tell me.
Are you gonna really dead end crappy job?
Are you overpaid underworked?
What did I say?
Always thinking about Todd Dreck.
Are you underpaid and overworked?
Maybe you'd like to have a new high-paying career,
but you just don't have the cash
or the four years to waste on college.
If this sounds like your situation that you're in right now,
if you're struggling,
pick up that phone and call fast train today
and change your life in a really positive way.
Call 1-866 fast train.
They can have you train and certified
for a great new high-paying computer
network professional career by a summertime,
by the middle of the summer.
You can be fully trained already for that new job,
by like Sage July or August.
Fast train offers day evening weekend classes
to fit around your schedule.
Fast train offers a job placement assistant
and financially the people who qualify too.
Fast train got seven convenient locations to serve you,
so don't wait.
Change your life today by making one easy phone call.
How simple can it be for you,
even if you're simple yourself.
Call them today at 1-866 fast train.
And like I said, by late summer, middle summer, whatever,
you can be on your way to a great high-paying career
in the big fat paycheck that goes along with it
and who doesn't like a big fat one.
Check them out on the web at fastrain.com
and then make that call 1-866 fast train.
Five and a local,
they're 65 cities,
the radio's all yours now.
Q-A-M.
The L-I-Six-C-W-T-L-A-M.
And then the Lord said,
let there be light and low.
There was light from the same people
who brought you the much beloved talking Bible.
Comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the eighties.
Yes, it's the wrapping Bible.
There was dark everywhere than the man said.
Light and the light was there.
He said, I done good.
There's no doubt on the seventh day.
He just chill out.
Genesis, Genesis, beginning of death, beginning of death.
Finally, the good book is bad.
And he's wearing his mask.
Check it out.
There's a town called Sodom and the water.
Everybody pointed like no tomorrow.
God looked down, said, now my fault.
Don't look back or you turn too strong.
I'm white to the feet, started to breathe.
The cow came up and they touched each.
Take a look, y'all.
I'll let you go.
Imagine all the songs, all the parables.
Every sacred, biblical word interpreted by the finest second MC's of all time.
Genesis, Genesis, to the wrong.
A wrapping Bible, making his word fresh again.
1033, boy, those markets are in a precipitous drop today.
I'll tell you that.
I used to sound, but we're not allowed to.
Am I you, Burton?
I would make a sound effect about that.
Don't do it.
The ripple effects right, Tom J.
You can't have also reached Spanish language radio with its own new list of forbidden words.
Before I finish this column, I got two more choices for our poll today.
With all the FCC crap going on, Neil should, I got two more.
Do a sports show.
Oh, yeah.
Or do an all hockey show.
Come on, Eric.
Let's get those two on here.
Get a lot of votes.
Remember a vote for the hockey show.
Then he can replace you.
Sure.
Come on.
If something do next year, there's going to be no season.
Or before I finish, jik is column, the Panther organization.
Once again, pissing off people from coast to coast.
It's kind of like there in some kind of a contest to see if they can have like an empty
arena by the time they have the last game.
They now have what they call the Lexus parking spaces.
The four rows, double rows, which is the closest to the escalator to go into the arena,
which used to be when you, and keep in mind that the people
who pay for the good parking there, they pay extra for that.
I think it's ten bucks a game.
But no, you can't park there in no mold because now those good spots are the Lexus area.
You have to be driving Lexus and you also have to pay on top of that.
Yes.
So if the game, I think it was a Buffalo game on Saturday.
I got a spy report.
And they had a pretty good crowd because they were given up, given away LaWango, something
or other, given away some free stuff.
So people brought their kids and they showed up.
You know, people that don't really care about the game, but if there's something free,
they'll be there.
And there were like ten Lexus's parked in there, out of about six, hundreds parking spots.
And everybody else had a walk an extra 100 to 200 yards to get to the escalator.
And a lot more people are pissed off and fired up.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Alan Cohen.
Most people don't drive a freaking Lexus.
How do you like that?
You idiot.
God.
Airbnb, time they get a chance.
They turn around and do something to piss off the fans.
For example, there was a game a week or two ago when it was raining cats and dogs.
And so people come into the arena with their umbrellas.
Well, guess what?
Can't have an umbrella.
That's a weapon.
Can't bring an umbrella in here so the people have to go back to their cars, stash their umbrella
and then come wallsting back into the arena and the pouring rain getting soaked.
Maybe we ought to do a poll on that.
Some more ideas so that we can have nobody at the sporting events in South Florida.
Anyway, the only problem said talks your host and week a Santos on Friday is that an English word is the same for anybody who speaks the language.
But depending on the country, a word in Spanish can be either harmless or incredibly offensive.
Una palabra en español.
Santos and his sidekick Joe Ferrerro have been held up as local heroes since they made a pred call to the del Castro nine months ago.
Their morning show on WXDJL Seoul FM 95.7 is the most popular on Spanish language FM radio.
The coconut grove based Spanish broadcasting system, which owns WXDJ and other stations, has distributed the list of 21 words,
mostly references to sexual and excretory organs and functions that can no longer be set on the air.
Some of these are so offensive, Santos said one would have to be an idiot to use them.
However, the second generation Cuban Americans said the list included one word that the dictionary defines as the female sexual organ for Cubans the same word,
although an explotive has a different meaning and is commonly used in everyday language.
Don't say what it is, please.
You can say our show has some colorful content.
Though I never thought it was offensive said Santos, who considers the FCC's reaction to the Janet Jackson stop a witch hunt.
Absolutely correct.
Everybody in the industry is scared of that because of the outrageous fines the FCC's imposing he says he says I'm not a millionaire.
I don't want to take the risk there.
Do I want the FCC to use me as an example?
Does that how he said it as sample example?
However, critics say the FCC's refusal to be specific about what is permissible now is left broadcasters and uneasy on a unfair position.
Absolutely correct.
One new guideline according to the FCC is would an average adult judge the material to be offensive.
Where do you find the average adult Rogers asked what is an average adult I guess the FCC will decide to play at safe stations.
They're being extremely cautious in addition to the banished comedy bits and words WQM told Rogers he can no longer broadcast flatulent sounds.
Now there's one thing I can interject here.
Okay, remember the Raspberry guy that used to call in in the drive you nuts.
How could we forget how could we forget?
Well, let me say this to that could be a Raspberry see I was asking you about Raspberry.
Right, I like Raspberry spec I got some in the fridge right now I got Raspberry for strawberry.
So I don't think you should be allowed to and incense in peppermint.
Rogers who show airs from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. is the local English language talk host most affected by fear of the FCC.
Most affected by fear.
Be afraid. Be very afraid of the FCC WQM does sports the rest today to market other prominent on music stations are owned by clear channel which primarily uses syndicated talent.
Clear channel which dropped how it's turned from six stations including WBGG has instituted a zero tolerance policy toward indecency for all its talent local and syndicated.
They're going to want to talk they are in decent effect if you look up the word in decent and the dictionary you'll see Lowry Maes and Dave Ross and people just pictures next to it in decent.
That's to channel and John Hogan the driver.
Rogers who makes a reported million dollars a year says he's neither stubborn or stupid and that's well of that.
I'll do whatever they want as long as the checks keep coming every two weeks as Rogers you just have to be more creative.
He's already proven he's capable of that tweaking the FCC in the process instead of using one of the new forbidden words he says vice president Chinese first name.
Oh how clever aren't I clever now thanks Tom but next time get it right.
I don't think there will be any next time that's why I stopped doing those things.
No matter who it is no matter how good their intentions are they they just misquote you I didn't uh whatever.
How's that pull coming so far?
Well with all the FCC crap going on right now Neil should just keep reaping reaping reaping bush and ass 147.
Out of two hundred twelve votes already wow aren't you impressed impressive.
Uh just keep ripping bush and ass 147 keep going as best he can 45 retire 12 5.6% say retire.
Go back to all bedtime stories four see they hated that you're the only one who liked it they hated it.
Play music three I was one of the three that's what I voted.
Do a hockey show one see what did I tell you we know who voted for that.
And do a sports show none.
Probably I guess Claret has a vote of you.
Right I'm sure do a sports show come on you can do it Neil you all this stuff.
Just what we need is more the same redundant crap and by the way I heard this morning a story that Joe
Roses a bad guy right that's the that's the story that you're close person will friend the moment is
friend he's a bad guy he's mean absolutely you're a meany Joe that that's I'm not going to tell
the story on the year because there's an aspect to it that's you know delicate but I just want to say
this if anybody thought that Mo Howard David it was like a good guy no no not just a good guy
but if he was like reforming a little bit like he was trying to change his ways maybe that happened
for about how many seconds stop turning man and then he changes mind he is totally returned to
a forum believe me and then some what an idiotic child you are Mo you're just pathetic okay you
ain't no Joe Rose I guarantee you that you couldn't lick Joe's toes can I say that oh
Wally Bees is I fully support you in your fundraising project makes it hell a lot more sense to
be the contributing to individual politicians first things first I pledge a hundred dollars thanks
Wally B I'm sure Eric knows about the internet PayPal payment method and would make
convenient for people using credit cards but don't we have to have like we have to register some
kind of a name uh something I'll ask you I'll call him well you you a brainstorm that with him
very soon pronto tonto it says if that feature could be introduced on your side it would enhance
the process good luck and kudos to you you're showing the stuff FCC guy that's Scott New York for
being active on this heinous I don't think can we say heinous we can't say heinous situation thanks
Wally Bees you're a good guy 10 41 at 5 60 WQ my promised myself I would never do these campaigns
anymore raising any money but somebody's got to like a stand up and somebody's got to support
and I'm not saying I'm the one that's standing up but this guy's Scott in New York with his
petition right it makes a lot of sense to me it's a great thing and a lot of and I'll also say
this which I never do but the people in this audience have really responded big time when we
started with this thing a week ago tomorrow when when somebody called in a turn of sound to that
website there were like 1700 people from Florida who would uh sign those petitions now we got
almost 9000 so somebody out there is paying attention and somebody is pissed off and fired up can we
still say that as if today we can still say that in fact you know what we ought to do is just play
that all the rest of the day yeah it's off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that it's off
gets me fired up when I hear someone say that you what I'm saying what while we can well I'm
because we got a quota I'm sure so that's why we got the quota let's keep playing I've been telling
you for years why you ought to call dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress dial a mattress backs up
everything they say and they're advertising 100% but their competitors still use lots of false
and deceptive claims when you see a mattress that making outrageous claims do yourself a big
favor read the fine print there lots of lies out there here's an example the ad screen half off
that this only applies to a limited selected items that you'd never choose everything else is full
price and they probably double the regular price first and you'll probably never be able to make
fair exchange if you don't like it add dial a mattress their ads have no tiny print no
disclaimers no lies no BS can we still say BS sure when you call 1 800 mattress you'll see that
the prices are solo other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete to be close
dial a mattress has a no-risk 30-day comfort exchange policy how many days
about 30 men on all beds including yours and don't forget when you call dial a mattress at 1 800
mattress you're getting a company ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction from candle
the steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers dial a mattress reminds you to read the fine print because we
want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them so what you'd be
waiting for do what I always do pick up that phone and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep
for years to come one easy call that's all it takes 1 800 mattress or log on to mattress.com
dial a mattress 1 800 MATTRES the honest way to buy you a great bed
on your sports radio 560 QAM
Neil Rogers on sports radio 560
Paris Hilton had a farm EI EI EI EI EI EI EI
and there she lived a simple life with her friend Nicole with a dunk luck here and a dunk luck
here put there put getting Lossy up against Paris Hilton had a farm EI EI EI EI
Paris Hilton made it tape EI EI EI EO
and this tape was really hot EI EI EO
with a download here and a lawsuit there see it once see it twice she is not your night life Paris Hilton
made it tape EI EI EI EI EO
Paris Hilton had a farm and a reality show it's funny all the things
while the cameras roll and if she's so dumb I wonder how come she has paid every day when she
rolls in the hate Paris Hilton had a farm EI EI EO
and the rock bars that is really post on Lebanon Porter what a shock huh
they open up the gates a hell this time man that Ariel Sharon at Big Fat
tub of crap it's right next door look at that the douse down 120 points are
121 in the Nasdaq about 31 and dropping like a gigantic boulder wow
anyway regular guys suspended over Stump Gone Array
WKLS Atlanta's Morning Show the regular guys hosted by Larry Wax and Eric Vaughn Hasseller
have been suspended from the clear channel Atlantic Rocker following a Stump Gone Array on Friday show
the host were reportedly working during a commercial break on a stunt in which a porn actress
was taped simulating various sex acts the duo planned to wear the tape backward kind of like in the
exorcist thus avoiding any indecency problems but the dialogue went out over the year
rolling underneath a commercial WKLS management told our in-arbor conducting a swift and
thorough investigation of this morning's WKLS broadcast our preliminary understanding is
that a microphone was left open accidentally during a commercial break
how do you like that suspensions firings finds you name it for example
the nearly three-year-old broadcast that brought Howard Stern his first in-decent he finds
in June of 98 and while Stern and his crew defining terms like Blumkin balloon knot and the
David Copperfield phrases used in regular rotation by opian Anthony before they were cancelled by
Infinity in August of 02 the content cited in Thursday's 27,500 dollar fine against Infinity
was a July 26 2001 Stern show that triggered a complaint by a listener of Stern Affiliate WKR
can detroit that's the same station facing a 27,000 dollar forperture for Daiminsky in
Doyle a fine recently upheld by the FCC Infinity maintains that the Stern material wasn't
actionable indecency and didn't contain any description of sexual extroletory organs or
in a apparently offensive manner and Fendini also argues that the Commission's generic indecency
definition is unconstitutional see that's where I wholeheartedly agree nobody's got any idea what
they're talking about including the FCC in previous rulings the Commission's fine not only the
station cited in the complaint but others that are the same broadcast so far it's only fine KRK
something that's not sitting well with Commissioners Michael cops and Jonathan Adelstein both
tried to the Commission for not finding other Stern Affiliates in their statements with cops
suggesting that WKR case and decency track were warranted a track record more than a slap on a
wrist in other words yank their license this Michael cops he makes Michael policy like a good guy
rabid foaming at them out and he's a Democrat and then it goes on in the article too it's on our
website to list the whole conversation in there about what is a bumkin I don't want to go into
and we certainly won't but how are Stern accused oh this is in the New York Post accused
Oprah Winfrey of being a fellow potty mouth saying the afternoon TV queen is there the same kind of
kinky sexual material for which he's being pilloried and I've noted that on some of the Stern
websites they're stirring campaign which I wholeheartedly endorse for people to write letters
to the FCC and we're filing complaints against Oprah then you're going to see the stuff hit the
fan you know what I'm saying then it's going to be a whole different yeah if they find me for
this then they've got to find Oprah the darling of the world Stern to list is after trying to play a
shocking excerpt of her an Oprah show on teen sex and if they find Oprah he said all hell is going
to break loose the shock shock pleaded on the air with the states in general manager to let him
play a tape of Winfrey and her guest discussing and a rock erotic activity known as tossing the salad
yeah this is Oprah Winfrey at four in the afternoon saying this Oprah graphically discusses it
Stern called as told as K-Rock boss Tom Qzonko whatever his name is on Thursday's Winfrey show a
writer for her magazine oh explain in meticulous detail what she described as popular sexual
pastimes from her friends teenagers including Orlan anal sex practices the writer Michael Michele
view for it also described in detail a variety of other slang sex terms don't believe it's
Stern pleaded with his producer this is what's going to expose the hypocrisy this is our battle of
the bulge if they find me they have to find her yet you imagine the headline Oprah Winfrey find for
indecency Qzonko put Stern's rad on hold for ten minutes and sought counsel from Infinity Broadcasting
lawyers after Stern threatened to call malcarmas in prison of infinity perv and via con the lawyers
turned down his request and Stern's were a producers kept the sexual references off the air
under the standards as they now exist our answer is do we believe that that's indecent no we
don't too sonno said do we believe that they the FCC believe it the answer that is yes everything
and anything they don't like is indecent a spokesperson for the FCC's enforcement bureau told
the post she hadn't seen any complaints about Oprah show typically the FCC doesn't act or come
in on controversial broadcast until a complaint is received FCC guidelines also we in fact are
such as contact the material that appears to pander as used to titillator shock a Winfrey spokesperson
center show was on production hiatus and that Oprah was unavailable for comment well what a coincident
sucks he's unavailable for comment so she goes on it well this is just for educational purposes
right who are you kidding bitch okay we still say that today who are you kidding sweet heart
let's see here's one that says if you have bell south as your internet service they found a new
way to rip you off for two ninety after the year contract is up to be charged two ninety for another
made up charge whatever that means oh well this is somebody's you you're probably one put him up
for this somebody's personal gripe with bell sound I don't know we don't have time for that okay at
this juncture well we have bigger than a big or the right to have a your pardon it's the copy
the letter they sent telling them how they're going to be ripped out so just throw that away too
I just did all right three hundred and twenty five votes with all the FCC crack going on Neil
should just keep ripping bush and ass two hundred and twenty three that's almost sixty nine percent
can we say sixty nine no like I said it's a little over sixty eight percent keep going as best he
can seventy one retire seventeen five point two percent say bye bye go back to all bedtime stories
four and I bet you George voted for that no what did you vote for the ones to lead oh keep
driven bush yeah yeah do a sports show for clearance voted now and probably Greg
plain music three or do a hockey show three so let's see rumor and uh feral is wife and who
else would have voted or Denise pop in he's a big fan you dumb frog Denise you silly goose you silly
ass man how about you QA hello line one eight there our first call we nothing happened over here one
you press it again I just did nothing happened over here either no no no please tell
me tree yeah well that's a lemur tree problem apparently oh no you got it you did it I did not you
did that it's the number one's on hold well press it again I didn't touch it
hello yes sir what up what up pal what's up howdy where is he lit
wqm hello
wqm hello hello Neil yes sir all right yes Neil I was glad you mentioned that uh because I
it's I got a I got a new one for you that you're going to love but first of all I can just make a
quick point is that as long as the government is making their money on taxes and that there that
was my whole lot there yeah the last time on uh on the super bowl about the erectile dysfunction
and the darks and the crotch right right right and all that well here's a new one Neil a judge ruled
that the girls gone wild video is not pornographic they're million making millions of dollars in
taxes offer this thing all of a sudden you can show the press you can show the rear but you guys
sure walk on eggshells you cannot mention this stuff on the here you know it's ridiculous in fact
you know like the the girl turn around and pick up the something so we can get a better view but
you guys are so limited and you know it just I just had a call and say that here thanks pali okay see
you now when they're not going to do or hide under the bed that's right okay Neil bye see you
that's our message to America right now and this is not a joke be afraid be very afraid
right okay i'm there remember those villa rights no mo ain't got them no mo freedom of speech forget
about it freedom of the press gone 10 56 at five 60 w here and just like I said at times jika that's
the one thing he got very accurate as long as the checks keep coming by the way clarence the 25th
this Thursday we got two very big Thursdays coming up you want to know why okay i know one this
Thursday march 25 is payday and next Thursday April 1 no full and is trend day 11 30
Charlie yeah now that's going to be a precipitous trend man that's going to tell us whether we got
any future whatsoever or whether i out of business whether Greg is completely done the old
Humpty Dumpty on Q.A.M. and broken into a billion pieces even that schmata head over there in the
middle east that they that they bombed and killed yesterday even he wouldn't have as many pieces
unlike of course that the Egyptian thing that's our kaffaboo oh yeah the ramsi six now if we say
ramsi isn't in that a condom like i said six pharaoh it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's
the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are in credible you pay zero closing
cost zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points get yourself the
new low interest rate of just 1.25 percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments
are a mere three thirty four month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are
just six sixty eight a month and don't forget once you be financing a new home mortgage from
financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again so call today this toll free numbers
their new number there's no obligation call one eight six six three nine five length and they'll
explain it to you get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to your next property would
know for the cost of expense zero underwriting fee zero dock fees zero closing cost even when you
move to another property and speaking of moving in houses for sale i got a great story about my
neighbor don't let me forget the next hour okay no get the new low rate financing of just 1.25
percent with the only one mortgage from financial group for details call one eight six six three nine
five lend and never ever pay closing cost again that's financial group at one eight six six three
nine five LED the Renekville housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly
four point two one a PR
this is the most disgusting program i urge everyone to complain to this station that's my opinion
i'm like this man will you be in Orlando all about ten minutes for my army sure i'll just take the
bullet train now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida
bullet train thanks to your well-researched landslide vote now put in the bullet train
for yahoo junction a pop uh and oh come on that why just take the monorail for some barbeque
when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right into this game day
where you can explore the tropical battery areas made entirely of Cuban viewing
your hold of confidence and the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off
take the Florida bullet train or travel inclination of the Florida bullet train call
wait a minute wait wait uh it's eleven out two that's one mile time favorites
here's the new poll from zogby carry forty eight bush forty six percent
undecided five if you throw nader in there that's the chigger in a wood pile
then it becomes carry forty six bush forty six nader three and undecided five see that
now in the blue states those that gore one carries a head fifty six to thirty eight four percent
undecided in the red states the one had bush won or released allegedly bushes had fifty three to
forty with six percent undecided but wait till you're this in a zogby pool it's on our website by
the way if a major terrorist attack were again to hit the US 51 percent of likely voters prefer to be
led by bushes compared to carries forty percent with six undecided see that so I sure hope we
don't have no October surprise if he catch my drift if that's what it gets down to
daisy point days almost uh completely nude got a little fish net deal going there behind the
beaded curtain today take a look at the your response on our poll pretty exciting aren't you impressed
impressive three hundred ninety six votes with all the FCC crap going on the ill-should just keep
ripping bush and ass welcome two hundred and sixty five sixty seven percent just keep going to
bestie can eighty nine retire nineteen four point seven percent say I should now I'm not so
sure that all of those are like negative you know maybe they're thinking enough is enough already
just to go and enjoy your life dorm on thing huh make a part of it that I don't really know do a
sports show eight to a hockey show six go back to all bedtime stories only five and play music only four
so naturally being a hard ass like I am let's play music that's what I voted of course they hate
my music and they also hate kind of Lisa there she is do about all kind of and it was oh get out
of here man she is a nasty nasty S bitch that the kind of Lisa oh that's right but can't criticize
kind of Lisa doctor rice can't criticize her no more because that's also part of the new constitution
can't criticize no lackeys of the establishment because that'd be bad
five six seven oh five sixteen now what are we going to do with this retardo that's what is his name
Ron yeah yeah what are we going to do about him I mean it was it was amusing the first couple of
times but I think we need to get him as pro-zac are we leading we can get rush can get him in touch with
what's your name Wilma sure how do you QA am hello
yes sir how do you QA am hello speaking I was wondering
you did such a good job with that pet dry why can't you do this yeah with this with the S disease
well what does that mean well I have radio off in the back there please
why don't you send your van out to different places and people can come in
oh yeah that's a great idea that's always good take the van out to Iowa and Oklahoma and Arizona
and New Mexico and California and Wisconsin yeah take the van out of the people to sign the
petitions and that held a lot easier than just going online see I guess I didn't explain myself
too well see the idea being since there are 50 states last time I check the idea if you're going
to get a million signatures is to get him from all over the country and so we can get some
publicity for this campaign because most people never heard of stop FCC dot com most people
wouldn't know what we're talking about but if you go online and check it out or if we take out
full page or half page or whatever quarter page newspaper rate and we put the explanation in there
which got the good job of on the website and then we let people you know find out about the
thing about the word to click on to it in fact we can even have a form where they can sign their own
petition right rather than the ad okay see what I'm saying yeah let's just take the van out and get
let's see how many by two the year I think Zager would ever to be proud in the year 25 25 we
gonna have our meeting signatures of course most of the people be dead by them but nevertheless
right boy there must have been some good crack came in over the weekend you didn't tell me about
that no I didn't get any because these people are really wired today here's one it says
suggestion for the pool from you oh I see do a hundred percent squeaky clean dating show for
gays lesbians and transsexuals the religious wackos would drive off a bridge or maybe I'll wind up
in Tennessee which is a good place for five six seven oh five sixty we will play the audio from
the Richard Clark interview on 60 minutes last night the interity vote segments do you notice
they did both two segments I know that was a big big thing there was a big thing and I got the whole
I got the whole thing hi you target may have been in the area I'm just watching see it and oh
did they catch you that I'm in the piment I was while here yet no boy this is it and now they're
showing all the tunnels in the escape routes in these long tunnels if you ask me I don't think
it was there in the first place it was a good diversion though it was a really good diversion
from after those horrendous things that happened like that hotel being cratered in Baghdad that
they before and then all of a sudden out of nowhere oh we got I'm in the piment we got them surrounded
there we got them well did we get them no no didn't they float at a rumor that well he may be dead
they're doing DNA DNA test to see if this body they found was him was it him no no come in the QAM
hello hey how you doing today QAM hello yes sir how you doing pretty good I saw a 15 minute thing
with Richard Clark last night pretty amazing guys got them ball yeah and also I just want to know
that I'm I don't think you can say that anymore sir oh sorry he's got a pair oh exactly um I just
wanted to say that I'm a 33 year old male I've never voted this my life this year I got registered
I'm ready to rock and I get bush at our office all right and I voted on the FCC stop the
FCC dot com but I never got the little email so much sure that went through or not now they they
went through sometimes you don't get it and it's a technical thing which we talked about last week
but the if you sign on there went through awesome we'll get them out of office this year baby thanks a
lot pal a good show right how do you like that in fact there's an article that I printed out or not
on our website about the Cuban vote I guess they're talking about it huh but yeah they were they
were touching on that on the news too how they're a little disenchanted pretty disenchanted with
the bushmeister who promised he's going to do this going to then set in fact a lot of people
are figuring if he invaded Iraq and spent a hundred billion dollars how much less would it have
cost to invade Cuba and you would have a say to hell with pedale right which he promised all kinds
of crap and of course as usual uh left them hanging could it do that cheap when rupert murdoch calls
this is a great column of the online beat by John Nichols in the nation he says last Friday the
Bush administration was busy pumping out hopes that the war on terrorism was about to yield the
victory the capture along the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan of the repeated number two
man and Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network as it turned out Dr. Al-Zawahiri was probably not
among the millifin so it hold up in heavily fortified compounds that were sold by Pakistani troops
and the U.S. advisors but by most measures the prospective capture of what administration
aid described as a high target value was treated as a very big deal by the Bush White House at the
same time administration aid to a busy trying to hold together the coalition of the sort of
willing that was cobbled together to support the invasion of Iraq with Spain's new prime minister
declaring the occupation aid is asked to and threatening to withdraw that country's troops from Iraq
and with Poland's president telling European reporters that his country was misled about the
nature of the threat posed by Iraq the administration has its hands full surely national security advisor
Kandaliyz or rice a key player on all the fronts that were in play had a very long list of
responsibilities no time for diversions on Friday right wrong rice took time out in the middle of the
day to address a secretive gathering that included global media mogul rubbert murdoch and top
executives from TV networks newspapers and other media properties owned by Murdoch's news quote conglomerate
rice spoke at some length via satellite to Murdoch and his cronies would gather that the posh risk
call the hotel in cancun mexico according to reports published in the British press
the guardian newspaper which said a reporter to cancun revealed that rice was asked to address the
by executives of the Murdoch controlled fox broadcast and cable networks in the us the fox family
includes of course the fox news cable channel which the guardian correctly describes as hugely
supportive of president George Bush although she's not there in person the presence of
his rice underlines the importance of rubbert murdoch's news operations for the Bush administration
which may face growing criticism that led the country to war on false pretenses ahead of November's
presidential election the guardian can count of a cancun gathering explained in addition to fox
murdoch controls the Bush friendly weekly standard magazine and New York post newspaper as well
as 35 local TV stations in the 20th century fox movie studio thanks to Bush administration
appointees to the FCC Murdoch's reaches rapidly expanding in the US in December the FCC approved
newscrop 6.6 billion dollar takeover of direct TV the country's leading satellite TV firm that decision
made Murdoch the only media executive with satellite cable and broadcast assets in the US in other words
rupert murdoch is a very powerful player in the media and because of his willingness to turn his
properties into mouthpieces for the administration and the politics of the United States so it should
probably not come as any surprise they'd like the politicians in any number of countries where
Murdoch has come to dominate the discourse Bush administration officials answer ruper it's
called even when they're supposedly preoccupied with national security concerns rice's willingness
to brief fox fox executives as especially intriguing in light of the fact that she continues to
refuse to brief the bipartisan panel that's investigating the 9-11 terrorist attacks on the
world trade center in the Pentagon national commission on terrorist attacks upon the US is
expected to hear this week from CIA director George tenant secretary state colon Powell and his
predecessor Madeline Albright the French secretary Rumsfeld and his predecessor William Cohen
and president Bill Clinton's national security adviser Sandy Berger but rice has rejected
invitation to testify in public so it seems that when the national commission on terrorist attacks
upon the US calls the Bush administration's national security is not available but when rupert
Murdoch calls well how could condolese a rice refuse that's doctor rice to you John Nichols and the
nation yep she is really whatever we said she wasn't that song in and a hell of a lot more you
know I'm saying kiss my grip remember that song 11 13 at 5 60 QAM
Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
uh... he put his people put in a hospital for nine months
back in nineteen eighty eight
whose people
come on
yeah
and his orders basically i was the only one my neighbor doing a little
Jewish dance today
i was in the Israeli defense forces back then and i hate to open it to you
and a personal level i'm sure you're delighted with the fact that matter is
this uh... this is opening up a can of worms that's going to be grotesque and
brutal on a lot of innocent people are going to die
true
but if you take a look at all the other leaders of the little terrorist groups
air fat has never been able to control
that you know they'll say screw you ever
if i can say that maybe i should be but uh... he's looking and they're looking
today like
boy
they're gonna get me to if i don't straighten my act up
yeah but i think that i have the other week you're gonna see sureones head on
a plate that's my prediction
well meal
the you've seen with the only one that said
the idea of Israel pulls out a cause that he was going to continue his attacks
he stated it over and over again that they said
a lot of guys are still coming after you
that was your seems on words
so they had to take them out sorry
okay good luck to you pally
they had to take them out
that's always worked before every time they told you hey it was worth it
just like the war in a rack it was worth it
just like all of this bloodshed and sanity that's going on it was worth it
but anyway this guy's out of personal asked to go i understand
twenty seven past eleven that i say personal ask that no more uh-oh
you can have your personal ask but you can't talk about it
spring of the savings right now like never before on a great new car truck from
armstrongs toyota of homestead
you'll find them on us one twenty minutes out of the thirty six and armstrongs
toyota homestead is worth a drive no matter where you're hanging out because
they're going to save you a whole lot thousands on great new toyotas
check out these great leases and oh four camera your four one are just two hundred
and sixty nine a month for forty eight months
how about an oh four highlander just three oh nine a month need a truck how about
this and oh four Toyota tundra the safest truck in the u.s. of eight just
one hundred and seventy nine a month for forty eight months these are just
some of the savings going on now at armstrongs toyota homestead
and now with the toll increases on those using cash on the turnpike
armstrongs toyota homestead will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new
car truck from them general manager david rich in the staff will do just
about anything under the sun to put you in a great new toyota today so
experience the armstrong toyota homestead difference they're locally owned and
operated and they're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction to
their service department is even open late uh... till eight weeknights to make
sure they get your service work done and then write to easy to get there there at
u.s. one and two ninety-third street in homestead just twenty easy minutes
south of the eight thirty six so stop wasting your time at those mega dealers or
car giants who always over promise and under deliver and then get your
their dealership under phony pretense to the smart thing called david rich he's
the gn at armstrong's toyota homestead column at three oh five two four two thirty
two forty seven three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven
drive a little and save a ton on that great new toyota at armstrong's toyota
of homestead
my
this is for 205 city
this week on in me see you're good the friends episodes two hot foot television
you think it have a section of your brother let's go let's go let's go
are you crazy Patrick is about to happen we're gonna see each other naked get on
your sister my god oh oh oh friends two hot foot television
no one is hotter than we are one thing led to another and oh before you know
it we were kissing obviously lost his mind well this is what happens when
people live on the edge not a buy for underage viewers or anyone uses
friend characters to mean their child pet car adult toy or gentle
let's go through a five sixty w two and we got a zillion votes on that pool today
you believe it a good julienne five hundred and seventy three with all the
fcc crap going on
uh new y'all should just keep ripping bush and ask three hundred uh sixty eight
eighty eight keep going as best you can one eighteen retire what how many
voted for retire three men do a sports show thirteen go back to all bedtime
stories ten do a hockey show ten and play music for
yeah we got to do a hockey show
oh man you're a close personal friend rimmer man i hope that when you guys sit
down had that lunch yeah that he's gonna buy for i hope that uh oh brother he'll be sitting
here during my vacation you give him a what for but all those hockey shows that nearly put me off the air
there's a number doesn't have a habit of getting hot like that Bob and earlier in the year he had
back to back after it's on a coast west coast trip
Los Angeles and the van koover so when he gets hot they sure uh
ruin for him of course last year a couple years ago
to oh man talk about coma inducing get that crap off of there right now
iran quirk wasn't justified you went with what i'm going to do is i'm going to play that audio
in the new now where you want to know why why lunch is a lot of people a lot of people are
off during their lunch hour correct so they'll be able to listen in their car on their pop up
toaster on your uh flash Gordon wristwatch whatever receiving that's a good idea
excellent idea the united nations top two weapons experts said yesterday that the invasion
of a raki or ago was not just about oh by the way before we just misbudges hyperventilating
on her website about oh 60 minutes owns a part of the publishing company that published that richer
Clark book and they didn't reveal they got an interest in it what what does that have to do with
content anything no how would you feel i mean he must be he must be really getting well taken
care of you know what i mean in every respect right how would you feel if every single word that
came out of your mouth was put in there by somebody else like misfudge in his case i'd feel rich
isn't that the ultimate whore right i mean it's just pathetic air every time the right wingers
have got some crap that they want to plan there it is on the fudge report and there's misfudge
on the air sunday nights in all 50 states spew in her right wing crap self-hating faggot man
tragic didn't learn anything from david brock anyway the unstopped two weapons experts said yesterday
the invasion of a raki or ago was not justified by the evidence in hand at the time i think it's
clear that in march when the invasion took place the evidence that had been brought forward
was rapidly falling apart set hans blix oversaw the agency's investigation into whether a raki
had chemical and biological weapons that's what he told the late edition with wolf blitzkrieg on
CNN yesterday blitz described the evidence secretary state colon paupers ended the win
to the security council in february 2003 as shaky and he said he related his opinion to us officials
including national security adviser khan the lieeze arise that's doctor rise to us i think they
chose to ignore us blitz said well hamad al-baraday director general of the international atomic energy
agency spoke to cn from ia headquarters in austria al-baraday said he had been pretty convinced
that a raki had not resumed its nuclear weapons program which the ia ea dismantled in 97
days before the fighting began vice president chanee what's his first name don't say it i won't
vice president chanee waiting with an opposing view we believe a raki leader sada mousain has in
fact reconstitute nuclear weapons i think mr al-baraday frankly is wrong chanee said and i think
if you look at the track record of the ia ea in this kind of issue especially where a raki's
concerned they've consistently underestimated or missed what sada was doing now more than a year
later al-baraday said i haven't seen anything on the ground at the time that supported mr chanee's
conclusion or statement so and i thought to myself well history's going to be the judge and of course
the story goes on to say as we all know no evidence of the weapons program has been found so far
none zero nada ni nte nete none just mention that in passing
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line wqam hello
wqam hello oh ah well i tell you this phone response we're getting today man is really
something yeah i can see that this audience is whipped up into a frenzy about all the stuff that's
going on man wqam hello male yes sir how's it going sir okay listening to my just little
observation i made this weekend i was sitting down watching cartoons with my son this weekend on
channel seven uh-huh and i noticed that recently that they gave you the FTC pass that you
complain you smart noise or any splatgin and anything like that right yeah because of the kids and
they want to protect the kids and all that on the tv they had a couple of characters that they're
powered with farting and it shows those farting coming out and all these things that i'm like
isn't this a same thing that fans the radio people complain little spartanoi burping oh my god
yeah yeah but yeah you watch that i've been waiting for two they're burping their farting they're
doing all these things i'm like i don't get it you watching the wrestling show again
huh you watching that wrestling show again yeah there you go that's it the the ultimate muffler show
okay thanks thanks for the bad news pali and close up that quick before the FCC smells it
five six seven oh five sixty i don't know i should probably just play that thing over and over again
because the calls today have been we we've been doing too well for too long you know what we've
been rolling it and smoking it for too long that retard by the way we we will get involved on his
ass again you know like i said it was humorous the first 40 or 50 60 times but now he's starting to
just overdo it a little bit you know i'm saying i say the police report good save everything
wqaam hello
not there qaam hello i've never been pissed off about anything more in my life but let me tell you
what i'm trying to do go ahead i also have a sign in the back of my truck driving around if
it gets people to pay attention you know maybe those just want to check it out when they get
home or whatever the stop that's the state well on the american idol web uh... board message boards
they have a little part where you can go off topic and talk about whatever you want and some lady put
stand up for stirring message on there and um about the fcc these things can't go on all that
one's still on there i put a message on there with the link but when i tried to start my own
message board it's infected even doubt on reply from somebody you agree with me but then it's gone
it's gone after like two minutes we know there's one thing i'm just discovering is this weekend i
spend tons of time looking at just every kind of website under the sun that might in any way
where you know they have to do with this and discern people are just like him every everything in
the world is we're all revolves around him he's the sun all the rest of us are you know the planet
and we're all around howard so if it doesn't have to do with him and the fact that he's making a
martyr of them out of the cell that's not worth talking about yeah they've had a bit on ntr this
morning on morning edition about uh... he actually said they had a clip of his show and he actually
said oh it's not all about me i just want to laugh about it's about time though at least he said
it it's about time he finally got the message but i think the people in the york are not getting
involved in the stock fcc thing because they still get to listen to him you know they're not
suffering from it but you're missing one point though he's been belly-ekin on the air for the last
two or three weeks that he's about to get canned altogether and then infinity's going to have to take
him off the air so you think they would be the first ones that would be on there but he's just
not promoting he's got a link to it on his website but i mean we could have a link to it also
which we do but unless i talked about it we wouldn't get any response exactly well i i want to
contribute to your campaign as soon as you get it up and running i'm
militant about this i don't think i don't think i don't think you can say get it up
okay as soon as we get it running we'll let you know all right thanks me all thanks a lot bye bye
i said good fight we're doing it we're trying it even other people out there but just like that
how we do it on at the stop fcc dot com i i said last you know i went nuts for a couple days
and i said well i'm going to be a lot more mellow i'm not going to keep banging away on this because
it's ponder as it gets boring but uh we don't have the option anymore because every day we're being
told new things that we're i'm not going to say we're being told i keep asking and then we find out
oh i can't say that no more you can't say oh sure can't say that no more
whoever heard us such a thing and an addition of which whoever heard of a public so compliant
to roll over and play dead like the american people this is what just amazes me oh freedom of
speech what the hell's that my life and love this is for radio by 60
toria clinton arrived three weeks early on february 27th 1980 at 11 24 pm while i was recovering bill
would put his foot on my throat yank me by my hair and say woman don't spoil her i said okay
chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old
chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy that sealed the decision for bill
i didn't know whether to laugh or cry but even more frightening at the age of 15
chelsea had come back to haunt us she escaped and returned home only to be sold again to a
whorehouse who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them me
Hillary rotting clinton chelsea said come on mom don't do it oh yeah right i said
looking like a dazed boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring
she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear you bitch oh can we say that anymore no you bitch
i think that's course language no to sure is of course it's 11 46 14 year old noon at 5 60 qm your
confused station you don't know whether to read a banana
airrooms vow to avenge israel's killing of yasin anti-Israel demonstrations erupted in the
middle east today after israel's killing of these spiritual leader of hummus and hopes for
recent air moves to reinvigorate the regens peace process were dimmed by shots for revenge aren't
you surprised that those hopes for that road map and the peace process made are dim yeah oh
arab rage over the death of a mass founder ox made yasin killed by an israeli helicopter
copter copter gunship a daybreak as he left a mosque near his gossips to repulment his wheelchair
reverberated across the middle east Egyptian president hosni mobarak who had been using his
influence to press ed with peace efforts called it cowardly asked about what its likely impact will
be on the peace process mobarak replied what peace process when the situation is on fire
there you go like i said to that guy that was trying to rationalize in just a
bite because he got a personal ask the grind there'll be a lot more innocent people die kids you name
it fourth because you dealing with crazy people over there and uh when is it going to
is it ever going to start off i told you that for years as long as i've been on the year and
never stopped oh we got the we got this peace process and this peace treaty and this road map
when he started talking about the road map i know whether to read a banana
five six seven oh five sixty we got eighty six hundred and some odd signatures eighty six fifty
eight from florida were in third place bi texas and california stop fcc dot com including brine and
we need a million okay i'm telling you right now we can do it yes we can and if we don't get to
nine thousand by the end of the show today from florida that's it i'm packing it in that's only three
hundred and forty two more we need to go to get to a nine thousand if we can't do that by two o'clock
what's the use what's the point right money we're closing in on california even though like i
said it's not a contest but let's get some of you people off your ass while we can still say ass
on the air stop fcc dot com instead of just being lazy and sitting back and letting everybody
else do it because even though we've you know we've had a pretty good response thanks to us
last week but it's not even a shadow of what there ought to be a fraction
wqa and hello yeah hi i want to register my complaint about the fcc go right ahead
uh i have a major complaint about it uh i agree with niels first i've ever called this is niel
you run right now oh you how are you oh i'm sorry i'll be sorry it's a pleasure to speak to you we like
the catcher off guard say again i said we like to catch your off guard no you did um and it's not
that's not too easy with me um well done i'm a hundred percent behind you
and i think it uh are good fortune with this is that uh uh what's your president has
driven the last nail with this you're a real jerk amen and i thank you very much uh it's a pleasure
listening to you thanks a lot pal i have a great thing yeah i think that after watching that
Richard uh Clark thing lasts nine and sixty minutes or when we play it in the next hour
anybody who watches and listens to that and then the polo niel comments and all of the other stuff
that we're getting uh you know it's it's it's very easy to that flexible at one person says
oh it's our grapes or this one has a vested interest or it's uh whatever
but when there's this mountain of evidence out there that these people already had planned the
Iraq business before nine eleven and and this line from rummage felt about you know we don't want
to go to Afghanistan because there are any good targets there Iraq has lots of good targets and
he says i thought he was joking when he said that he said you really mean that oh yeah there's a lot
of good targets in a rack and i hate to say this but i'll say it anyway it makes me really really
revisit my mind the whole business of nine eleven yeah and all those Saudis who were allowed to
depart on a plane while everybody else was grounded and the picture of the uh L president
they holding hands with Prince Bondar as they strolled around the White House two days afterward
what were they talking about i wonder money business yeah pushman laden business push
Saudi business oily business yeah the oily bird that should be big and floored of the oily bird
catches the worms i wouldn't put anything past these people and i'll tell you what else i
wouldn't put anything past them to get reelected anything i'm at the sun no matter what it is right
whatever it takes they'll do it wqa hello yes sir hey i just
i'm not excited about you i'm just gonna say the same thing you just said somebody nobody can see
what a cover up this is if nobody can realize this i mean it's it's this did not even as clever as
Nixon's voice to cover everything up right that's right i mean that clever i mean he doesn't know
what would in Bernstein you don't even need it it's right out there and so everybody can see it
what's happening in a rack these last years like a human sacrifice
oh for sure and i know that the uh the uh the middle east problem the problems of the middle east
get too senile or both running that showing over there and uh there's psychotic both of them
that's the problem well that may be the problem right now but it's been a problem for five
thousand years and it's never going to change it's that good old time religion maybe it's the
use in the muslims and the christians throwing their one or two cents every once in a while too
once we get a good movie come out just ask male he'll tell you hopeless hopeless situation
religious crazy people started to be redundant i started to say before anybody who votes for
George W. Bush after seeing all of this crack come out after watching that last night you you
have to be a crazy person you must be out of your mind you have to be a lunatic
if we had a democratic congress which we don't even as spineless as they are but if we did have
impeachment proceedings would be going on right now i believe that
but we don't and i haven't got a tournament chance in hell so what's the point
with all the FCC crack going on Neil should just keep riving bush and ask 458 two-thirds say that
67.1 percent two-thirds you turn keep going as best he can 140 retire 39 oh look at that
something five point seven percent retire do a sports show sixteen go back to all bedtime
stories only twelve they hated that George in fact to a hockey show has got eleven almost as
many as the bedtime stories and play music six out of six hundred eighty two votes that he just
say six hundred eighty two votes and then i want to have yes what he just said wow
there's another reason for that smiley face for the third straight year
wal-mart stores tops the 50th annual fortune 500 ranking of the nation's largest companies
and is certainly at the top of our list of companies that we hate that we despise
wal-mart the Bentonville Arkansas based discount retailer is one of only three companies ever
to top the prestigious list which was announced yesterday by fortune magazine the other companies are
Exxon mobile what is shock oh by the way thanks mr. president for those low gas prices
Exxon mobile which roses spot the second place and general motors which slipped the
notch to third rounding out the top ten companies are Ford motor GE Chevron Texaco
so did he say Chevron Texaco
oop city corp IBM an American international group i don't know whether i can
a bell choney or anymore you know today isn't that course isn't that like a core sound
and isn't that expatory activity can we even say core i mean if we can't if we can't play
the farting sounds anymore we certainly belching sounds are you expelling gas just from a different
orifice you see the idea that we sit back and we take all of this crap now infinity are the only
people with the resources and the balls to fight it they've been fighting it for years to keep
stirring on here because he's their cash cow but the rest of the people just roll over Beethoven
roll over roll over oh yes yes yes yes or whatever you say yes sir did you say that yes you did
yes sir and i'm gonna say it again the idea that this station which Greg has been desperately trying
to destroy for the last two years and doing a pretty good job of it that we put for all on the
year for two hours even though many of you enjoyed him but nevertheless the idea that we did
that at the time when it was obvious to all of us that the climate was changing could put it
loosely uh was an act of madness if you ask me remember how we discussed that i would say to
you how come why did they decide to do this now yeah they lost touch with reality are they out
of their mind is Greg a loose cannon is he like irresponsible and goofy is all hell
i think the local number is five sixteen the radius of yours
q and this is mark morgan it's the twelve to one hour on q eight and okay it's twelve
known a q a now let's this is going to be a difficult hour because we're going to like have to
look at all the breaks in don't don't panic okay okay but i want to play the audio from 60
minutes last night Leslie stall and Richard Clark right now a special presidential commission
is investigating whether the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon in september
eleventh two thousand one were preventable there were a few people in a better position to answer
that question then Richard Clark the administration's former top advisor on counter terrorism
who left the white house last year Clark has helped shape u.s policy on terrorism since the
nineteen eighties when he got his first presidential appointment from Ronald Reagan he went on to
serve the first president bush then was president clinton's terrorism's are and was held over by
president George w bush in testimony before the nine eleven commission later this week and in a
new book to be published tomorrow against all enemies Clark will tell the story of what happened
behind the scenes at the white house before during and after september eleventh he does so first
tonight on sixty minutes on the terrorist struck on the morning of nine eleven it was thought that
the white house would be the next target and the building was evacuated it went from having hundreds
of people in the white house complex a hubbub of activity to being totally abandoned
Richard Clark was one of only a handful of people who stayed behind he ran the government's
response to the attacks from the situation room in the west wing well i kept thinking of the words
from apocalypse now the whispered words of marlin brando when he thought about Vietnam the horror
the horror because we knew what was going on in new york we knew about the bodies flying out of the
windows people falling through the air we knew that some have been loud and had succeeded in bringing
horror to the streets of america after the president returned to the white house on nine eleven
he and his top advisors including Clark began holding meetings about how to respond and retaliate
as Clark writes in his book he expected the administration to focus its military response on
Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda but was surprised that the talk quickly turned to another target
you relate a conversation you had with secretary of defense rumsfeld well rumsfeld was saying that
we needed to bomb a rack and and we all said but no no al-Qaeda is in Afghanistan we need to bomb
Afghanistan and rumsfeld said there aren't any good targets in Afghanistan and there are lots of
good targets in Iraq i said well there are lots of good targets and lots of places but a rack had
nothing to do with it you wrote you thought he was joking no initially i thought when he said
there aren't enough targets in in Afghanistan i thought he was joking now what was your reaction
to al-
you know it's akin to what a franklin Roosevelt after pro harbour instead of going to war with
your pan said let's invade mexico you know it's very analogous if it didn't they think that there
was a connection i think they wanted to believe that there was a connection but the CIA was sitting
there the FBI was sitting there i was sitting there saying we've looked at this issue for years
for years we've looked for a connection and there's just no connection and you told them that
absolutely you personally and i told them that George tenet told who did you tell i told that
to the group to the secretary of state the secretary of defense the attorney general they all knew
it you talk about a conversation you personally had with the president yes the president we were
in the situation room complex the president dragged me into a room with a couple of other people
shut the door and said i want you to find whether Iraq did this i never said make it up
but the entire conversation left me and absolutely no doubt that George Bush wanted me to come
back with a report that said Iraq did this didn't you tell him that you looked and there'd been no
i said i said mr. president we've done this before we've been looking at this we have looked
out at with an open mind there's no connection he came back at me and said Iraq sadam
find out if there's a connection and in a very intimidating way i mean that we should come
back with that answer we wrote a report you in other words you did go back and we went back again
and we looked you did and was it a serious look did you it was a serious look we we got together all
the FBI experts all the CIA experts we wrote the report we sent the report out to CIA and downed
FBI and said would you sign this report they all cleared the report and we sent it up to the president
and it got bounced by the national security advisor or deputy it got bounced and sent back saying
the wrong answer come on do it again wrong answer do it again did the president see it i have no
idea to this day if the president saw it because after we did it again it came to the same conclusion
and frankly Leslie i don't think the people around the president show him memos like that i don't
he sees memos or he wouldn't like the answer Clark was the president's top advisor on terrorism
and yet it wasn't until 9-11 that he ever got to brief mr. Bush on the subject
Clark says that prior to 9-11 this administration did not take the threat seriously
we had a terrorist organization that was going after us al-Qaeda that should have been the first
item on the agenda and it was pushed back and back and back for months you were about to testify
publicly before a committee that wants to know if the Bush administration dropped the ball
what are you going to tell the committee when they ask you that there's a lot of blame to go around
and i probably deserve some blame too but on January 24th 2001 i wrote a memo to
kindly surprise asking for urgently underlined urgently a cabinet level meeting to deal with the
impending al-Qaeda attack and that urgent memo wasn't acted on do you blame her for not
understanding the significance of terrorism i blame the entire Bush leadership for continuing to
work on the cold war issues when they came back in power in 2001 it was as though they were
preserved in amber from when they left office eight years earlier they came back they wanted to
work on the same issues right away Iraq star wars not new issues that the new threats that
had developed over the preceding eight years Clark finally got his meeting to brief about al-Qaeda
in april three months after his urgent request but it wasn't with the president or the cabinet
it was with the number two's in each relevant department for the Pentagon it was Paul Wolfowitz
i began saying we have to deal with bin Laden we have to deal with al-Qaeda
holding an influence the deputy secretary of defense said no no no we don't have to deal with al-Qaeda
but why are we talking about that little guy we have to talk about a rappy terrorism against the
United States and i said Paul there hasn't been any Iraqi terrorism against the United States in eight
years and i turned to the deputy director of cia and said isn't that right and he said yeah that's
right there is nowhere Iraqi terrorism against the United States in eight years in eight years
explain that he explained that there was no Iraqi terrorism against the u.s. after 1993 when
sada mousain attempted to assassinate the first president bush while he was visiting Kuwait
we responded to that by blowing up Iraqi intelligence headquarters and by sending a very clear
message through diplomatic channels to the Iraqi saying if you do any terrorism against the
United States again you won't just be Iraqi intelligence headquarters it'll be your whole government
it was a very chilling message and apparently it worked because there's absolutely no evidence
since that day of Iraqi terrorism directly against the United States until we invaded them now there's
Iraqi terrorism against the United States was there any connection between sada mousain and al-Qaeda
were they cooperating no was it rock supporting al-Qaeda no there's absolutely no evidence of
Iraq was supporting al-Qaeda but you know you call certain people in the administration and they'll
say that's still open that's an open issue well they'll say that until health reasons are there
by June 2001 there's still hadn't been a cabinet level meeting on terrorism even though the
u.s. intelligence community was picking up an unprecedented level of ominous chatter the CIA director
warned the White House George Tenant was saying to the White House saying to the president because
he briefed him every morning a major al-Qaeda attack is going to happen against the United States
somewhere in the world in the weeks and months ahead you said that in June July August the last
time the CIA had picked up a similar level of intelligence chatter was back in December 1999
when Clark was the terrorism czar in the Clinton White House Clark says president Clinton ordered
his cabinet to go to battle stations meaning they were on high alert holding meetings nearly
every day that Clark says helped thwart a major attack on mousain jelous international airport
when this al-Qaeda operative was stopped at the border with Canada driving a car full of explosives
Clark harshly criticizes president bush for not going to battle stations when the CIA warned him
of a comparable threat in the months before 9-11 he never thought it was important enough for him
to hold a meeting on the subject or for him to order his national security advisor to hold a
cabinet level meeting on the subject why would having a meeting make a difference if you compare
December 99 to June and July 2001 in December 99 every day or every other day the head of the
FBI the head of the CIA the attorney general had to go to the White House and sit in the meeting
and report on all the things that they personally had done to stop the al-Qaeda attack
so they were going back every night to their departments and shaking the trees personally
finding out all the information if that had happened in July of 2001 we might have found out in
the White House the attorney general might have found out that there were al-Qaeda operatives
in the United States FBI at lower levels new never told me never told the highest levels in the FBI
the FBI and the CIA knew that these two al-Qaeda operatives both among the 9-11 hijackers
had been living in the United States since 2000 yet neither agency passed that information
up the chain of command or told Dick Clark as the White House terrorism coordinator and here I am
the White House saying something's about to happen tell me you know if the sparrow falls from the
tree I want to know if anything unusual is going on because we're about to be hit no one tells you
the FBI knows they're in the country Leslie if we had put their picture on the CBS evening news
if we had put their picture on Dan rather on USA today we could have caught those guys and then
we might have been able to pull that thread and get more of the conspiracy I'm not saying we could
stop 9-11 but we could have at least had a chance but as we all know the al-Qaeda sleeper cell was
left free to plan the 9-11 attack while Dick Clark kept agitating for the high level White House
meeting he'd been seeking you finally did get your cabinet level meeting finally when did that
meeting take place the cabinet meeting I asked for right after the inauguration to place one week
prior to 11 when Clark got his meeting on September 4th he proposed a plan to bomb al-Qaeda sanctuaries
in Afghanistan and to kill Osama bin Laden it's the same plan he had tried to persuade the Clinton
administration to adopt to no avail when we come back Clark's view of the president's actions
after 9-11 and the White House view of Clark when we come back this is from a 60 minutes last night
on CBS Leslie Stoll Richard Clerk all right this thing that you just facts me this is almost hysterical
yeah from Glenn Garvin at the hero dear George I'm the TV critic and the facto media right
over here at the hero I'm working on a story and how pressure from Congress and the FCC is
affecting on air personalities in connection with that I was hoping to sit it on a neo-Rajor's
broadcast what do you think well what what's he going to get by sitting down a broadcast what what
does that tell me I don't know he'll get free lunch it like you know PS it says my pal Ellie
Brecker says Tom the psychotic bitch says alone he says I didn't know anyone called her to that
tour face I think the idea of sitting I mean talking to somebody about it fine but sitting in on
the show no we got enough people to feed in there without feeding people from the
plus we know like they held anyway since they're not in the free speech since they got rid of Max
Castro's column since it wasn't right wing enough for them screw the Harold don't take it personal
plan unless you want to 12 14 at 5 60 WDQM you want to know more about following a low carb diet you
want the best tasting biggest selection of low carb foods then head forward the lights of West
bokeh it's unbeatable whether you're starting or restarting the atkins the sugar busters the
South Beach rainy low carb sugar free diet do it you like to West bokeh's always been the number one
low carb store in a country and for good reason because they've got over 1200 low carb products
that you was from including breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies chocolates
carbolite ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheese gakes and so much more and don't forget if it's
new and great tasting you'll always have it before anybody you're open every day seven days a
week from 10 to 10 you can always try anything in the store before you bite and they got a friendly
staff that knows dining inside and out and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brands
product they're on sale today a week from Shavuas and every day the lights of West bokeh on the
northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market column toll free 1877 low carb
LOWCRB around the web it's low carb.com don't forget there's only one delight to West bokeh it's
your official atkins retail center
you know
he says that the Bush administration should have and could have taken out al-Qaeda and its training
camps in Afghanistan long before the attacks of September 11th he also says the fact that
Osama bin Laden is still at large is another major failure made possible by what he calls the
administration's sluggish response to 9-11 Clark's book in effect an indictment of the president's
handling of the war on terrorism arrives just as Mr. Bush is beginning to hit the campaign trail
in earnest i'm George W. Bush and I approved this message
the president's new campaign ads highlight his handling of 9-11
he's making it the centerpiece of his bid for reelection
you're writing this book in the middle of this campaign the timing i'm sure you will be
questioned about and criticized for why are you doing it now well sure i'll be criticized for
lots of things and i'm sure they'll launch their dogs on me but frankly i find it outrageous
that the president is running for reelection on the grounds that he's done such great things about
terrorism he ignored it he ignored terrorism for months when maybe we could have done something to
stop not 11 maybe we'll never know does a person who works in a white house
oh the president his loyalty yes well this is not a loyal book i'm sorry no no i know it's just
up to a point up to a point when the president starts doing things like risk american lives
then loyalty to him has to be put aside and the way you think he risked people's lives i think the
way he has responded to al-Qaeda both before 9-11 by doing nothing and by what he's done after 9-11
has made us less safe absolutely don't you think he handled himself and hit all the right notes
after 9-11 showed strength got us through it you don't give him credit for that he gave a really
good speech the week after 9-11 you don't give him credit for anything nothing i think he's done
the terrible job on the war against terrorism that may be the most serious indictment yet of the
administration's handling of terrorism since it comes from the president's own former terrorism
advisor it's not a surprise then that the number two man on the president's national security
council steven hadley vehemently disagrees with Clark he says the president has taken the fight to
the terrorists and is hardening the homeland dick Clark he was the administration's top official
on counterterrorism how would you describe the job he did look dick is a very dedicated very knowledgeable
about this issue when the president came into office one of the decisions we made was to keep
mr. Clark and his counterterrorism group intact bring them into the new administration really
he says Clark did a good job but is just dead wrong when he says the president didn't he the
warnings about al-Qaeda before the attacks on 9-11 the president heard those warnings the president
got met daily with his chief of intelligence the director central intelligence George
tonnet and his staff and they kept him fully informed and at one point the president became
somebody impatient with this said i'm tired of of swatting flies where's my new strategy to
eliminate al-Qaeda hadley says that contrary to Clark's assertion the president didn't ignore the
ominous intelligence chatter in the summer of 2001 all the chatter was of an attack of potential
at al-Qaeda attack overseas but interestingly enough the president got concerned about whether
there was the possibility of an attack on the homeland he asked the intelligence community look
hard see if we're missing something about a threat to the homeland and at that point various
alerts went out from the federal aviation administration to the FBI saying the the
intelligence suggest a threat overseas we don't want to be caught unprepared we don't want to
rule out the possibility of a threat to the homeland and therefore preparatory steps need to be made
so the president put us on battle stations now he's the top terrorism official in this
administration at that point he said he didn't go to battle stations well i think that's just wrong
in the he also says Clark was wrong when he said the president pressured him to find a link between
Iraq and nine eleven we cannot find evidence that this conversation between mr. Clark and the
president ever occurred now can i interrupt you for one second we have done our own work on that
ourselves and we have two sources who tell us independently of dick Clark that there was this
encounter one of them was a natural witness look the i stand on what i said but the point i think
we're missing in this is of course the president wanted to know if there was any evidence linking a
rock to nine eleven so he's not denying the president asked for another review nor is he denying that
Clark wrote a memo stating once again that a rock was not involved in nine eleven in fact the white
how showed us the memo dated september 18th as Clark said it was bounced back the notation reads
please update and resubmit and it was written by steven hadley i asked him to go back not wrong answer
i asked him to go back and check it again a week or two later to make sure there was no new emerging
evidence that a rock was involved that's what i was asking him to do some hadley says the whole
issue about a rock was moot by the time Clark submitted his memo since the president at a meeting
with his war cabinet at camp david had already decided to focus the u.s. response to nine eleven on
Afghanistan which is what Clark had been recommending but Clark says it was not moot because the
administration wanted to make a rock phase two of the response no matter what happened in Afghanistan
you can't distinguish between al-Qaeda and sadam when you talk about the war on terror
Clark intends that with statements like that the president continually left an impression that sadam
had been involved in nine eleven the white house carefully manipulated public opinion never quite
lied but gave the very strong impression that they're right here they knew better and it is
deliberate they didn't know better they didn't know better we told them the CIA told them if the
CIA told them they didn't know better and the tragedy here is that americans went to their death
in a rock thinking that they were avenging september 11th when a rock had nothing to do with september 11th
i think for a commander in chief and a vice president to allow that to happen is unconscionable
and he thinks the president to this day misinterprets the nature and the scope of the terrorist threat
he asked us after nine eleven to give him cards with pictures of the major al-Qaeda leaders
and tell us when they were arrested or killed so we could
draw x's through their pictures and you know i write in the book i have this image of
George Bush sitting by a warm fireplace on the white house drawing x's through al-Qaeda leaders
and thinking that he's got most of them and therefore he's taken care of the problem and while
George Bush thinks he's crossing them out one by one there are all these new al-Qaeda people
who are being recruited who hate the united states enlarge measure because of what Bush has done
he says that the war in iraq has not only inflamed anti-americanism in the Arab world
it drained resources away from the fight in afghanistan and the push to eliminate Osama bin Laden
is not correct iraq as the president has said is at the center in war and terror
we have narrowed the ground available to al-Qaeda and to the terrorists there's sanctuary in
afghanistan is gone there's sanctuary in iraq is gone Saudi Arabia and Pakistan are now
allies on the war and terror so iraq is contributed in that way to narrowing the sanctuaries
available to terrorists don't you think that iraq the middle east and the world is better off
with Saddam Hussein out of power i think it's just a why we held you that that's the reason
i think the world would be better off if a number of leaders around the world were out of power
the question is what price should the united states pay the price we paid was very very high and
we're still paying that price what do you mean we some have been lawden have been saying for years
america wants to invade an arab country and occupy it an oil rich arab country he'd been saying
this this is part of his propaganda so what did we do after 9-11 we invade an oil rich and occupy
an oil rich arab country which was doing nothing to threaten us in other words we
stepped right into bin Laden's propaganda and the result of that is that al-Qaeda and
organizations like it offshoots of it second-generation al-Qaeda have been greatly strengthened
exhibit a he now says is the attack on the passenger trains in Madrid
ticklerk work for Reagan Bush one Clinton and now here he has a track record
why do you think a man with those credentials would be so completely critical of the way this
administration has handled the war on terrorism well i don't know i've not read the book i don't
know we said about the prior administration which again uh was in office and dealing with this
problem for eight years we were in the office dealing with this problem for 230 days the time when
he left us the conversations i had with him was that he was pleased that the leadership
provided by the president he did tell you he was pleased when he left my my belief was that he
appreciated the leadership that the president had provided but there's no hint of that in his book
or in our interview when clerk worked for president clinton he was known as the terrorism czar
when george bush came into office though he kept clerk on at the white house he stripped him of his
cabinet level rank they demoted you aren't you open to charges that this is all sour grapes because
they demoted you and reduced your leverage your power in the white house no frankly if i had been
so upset that the national coordinator for counter terrorism had been down graded from a cabinet level
position to the staff level position if that had bothered me enough i would quit i didn't quit
not for another two years he finally resigned last year after 30 years in government service
the senior white house official told us he thinks clarts book is an audition for a job in the carry
campaign are you working to defeat bush and are you working to help carry get elected no i'm not
working for carry i'm independent i'm not working for the carry campaign we're here at harvard right
now you teach a course at the Kennedy school with carries national security advisor um-huh
i have worked for Ronald Reagan i have worked for george bush the first i have worked for george bush the
second i'm not participating in this campaign but i am putting facts out that i think people ought to
know looking back on september 11th the day itself beside the attacks and the in the horrible
images of those planes hitting what do you remember i remember trying very hard to keep my
emotions in check i knew people in the Pentagon i knew people in the world trade center
i assumed that friends of mine had died and in fact it turned out they had i felt an enormous
rage and anger against al-Qaeda but also a rage and anger against the u.s. government that we
hadn't been able to stop this well i'll tell you something some of that rage is in this book
well it should be over the weekend we got a note from the Pentagon saying any suggestion that
the president did anything other than act aggressively quickly and effectively to address the
al-Qaeda and Taliban threat in Afghanistan is absurd there's that ticket and i keep sound like
did you see the goddess on us again no i was watching jerry oh shame on you there she was looking
to a really butch talk thirty two at five sixty w.e.c. it's the last mortgage eleverney the only one
mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredibly pay zero closing costs zero application
fee zero credit fee and zero discounted points get the new low interest rate of just one point
twenty five percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just three thirty four
a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay just sixty eight a month and
or forget once you refinance you get a new mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay
those ugly nasty closing costs again so call toll free and get all the information about it call
one eight six six three nine five then get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move your next
property would know for the cost of expense you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fee zero closing
cost even when you move to another property get yourself that unbelievable unbeatable low financing
rate just one point two five percent with the only one mortgage from financial group and never
pay closing costs again for the tales call one eight six six three nine five lend that's one eight six six
three nine five lendi the unique housing lender restrictions apply rate something to change
monthly four point two one eight p.r. this is your brain being shopped of debts by a
final home meat keeper this is your brain and a blender and this is your brain being stirred
into a big pot of chili brains real food for real people
all right
don't like all the hard work
and
sc
milk
not
he is great
ready
And in our king is an idiot.
I don't know why they want to die, but now he's here.
First groom's in there for years.
With President Thump's studded.
Oh, what I get to go both once more.
And get to we all voted for one.
Here you want this.
Don't love love, lips drumming stupidly.
Don't love love, mindless drunk, it rich kid.
Don't love love, he's even lumber than me.
He's President Thump's studded.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in by hooker cross with the Christmas.
Oh, I know what's best for you and I, but how don't feel?
We've got a great leader here.
Oh, with President Thump's studded.
President Thump's studded.
President Thump's studded.
President Thump's studded.
2121 of class 60.
Good bleeps in there, thank the Lord.
Thank goodness for that, huh?
Yeah, thank you.
849 votes on the pool.
By the way, we need, let's see, 262 more people to, uh,
side of petition on stopfcc.com by 2 o'clock.
Or we're going to be pissed off.
That'll get us to a nice even 9,000 so far.
And that'd be good.
We'll take it.
So far.
Well, with all the FCC crap going on,
Neal should we ask 849 votes.
Just keep, uh, rip and push and ask 571,
which I think Richard Clark did a magnificent job at doing.
Keep going as best he can 168.
Retire!
Look at that.
54. It's up to 6.3%.
In fact, you've been watching that going up
as I was playing the Leslie Stallpes.
I can't imagine all those people are like me to be off the air.
Can you?
Oh, no, I can't imagine.
Do a sports show 18.
Do a hockey show 17.
Go back to all bedtime stories 14 and play music only 7.
Damn it.
Only 7.
For playing music.
It's wrong with these people.
Here's the facts from a chronic in Bokus,
says thanks for playing the 60 minutes audio.
Enjoy the show.
Uh, he says, not you might be used to know that up here in central Florida,
QM is coming in fine,
but is surrounded by right wing Orlando stations at 540 and 580.
We're surrounded.
So I listen to Richard Clark calmly tell the truth,
one can with just a touch of a finger to the radio just down to rush.
They're trying to rewrite history to save John Kerry or up to Neil Bush.
Are Neil Boards?
The same coveted owns CBS is publishing that book Endless Loud Lies.
Well, I miss Fudge, must have Neil Boards worked up to a frenzy.
Yeah, the goddess was on CNN, they were with that right wing sportser, Armstrong Williams.
What a contrast.
Keep the truth coming.
He says go natural as soon as you can.
Oh, what a joker.
Back to George P.S.
Found stop FCC.com several weeks ago through a mention on move on.org.
Groups like that with large memberships need to keep pushing on that.
And you're right.
All you people that are involved in move on.org, you should get them off the dime.
We could have our million signatures in no time.
Couldn't we if they would really push this instead of just, you know,
a little mention here or a link there?
That's not good enough.
You got to keep pushing it, man.
Am I right or what?
Look at he split it could be done.
Ah, there he goes again.
Jack, did you hear him say that in Friday?
I heard it.
Yeah.
See, he's monitoring you now.
You don't realize it.
He's monitoring your actions.
I'll get you.
19 till one.
The mad dog, it to the Humper from Windom, Nassau, Crystal Palace, 4 to 7 to 7.
The Humper in a Bahamas, man.
And then Hurricane Outline at 7.
Orlando, El Segiri, the big 8 to 10, who was embarrassingly a week with Mo this morning.
What was he doing on the this morning?
Sitting in for a gully.
Avikade 10 and sporting news radio overnight.
Oh, but why?
What is he doing on there?
Oh, I mean, Mo by himself is better enough, but Mo and the big Mo and O.
Oh, man, that's an Omo.
Yeah, the Omo show.
I've been telling you for years, you ought to call Donald Matrist 1-800 Matrist.
They back up everything they say and they're advertising 100%, but their competitors still like to lie a lot.
When you see a Matrist sad making outrageous claims, please do yourself a favor and read that fine print.
There are just tons of lies and BS out there.
Here's an example.
The ad screen half off, but this only applies to a limited selection of items that you'd never choose anyway.
Everything else, of course, full price.
And they probably doubled the regular price first anyway.
And you'll probably never be able to make a first-range if you don't like it.
But at Donald Matrist, the ads had no tiny print and no disclaimers.
When you call 1-800 Matrist, you'll see that the prices are so low, other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete.
Now, Donald Matrist has an over 30-day-
About 30 men.
...competitive exchange policy on all beds, including yours.
And don't forget, when you call Donald Matrist 1-800 Matrist, you're getting company ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
From Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Donald Matrist reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what you'd be waiting for, do what I've done for years now when you need new bed, make that one simple call.
They'll be there knocking on your door no time at all.
Call 1-800- what is it? 1-800 Matrist, that's what I said, or log on to mattress.com.
Dialometrist 1-800-MATTR-ESD, honest way, the smart way to get you a great new bed.
My, my, and local, here's sports video 560- you and you AM.
Tired of playing FCC, fans from me, feeling so censored, my show is now sterile.
Don't know what you expect me to be, but under arrest next, take me off my show.
Shop, shop, shop, go, that's true, that's not to go.
Everywhere that I say is under the microscope.
Don't know who's next to go, get mine, get mine, get mine.
Fight, we come so glad, we are everywhere.
Here it comes so bad, everything we've done.
Fight, we're coming, how we're stirring all I want till now.
It's the way more dirty, but the fire being too.
Now I've got to do promising for 9000, before the 8757 we included in the 23 more singers who's on there by 2 o'clock for 9000.
From Portland. Yeah, 243, as all we ask between now and 2 o'clock,
another hour and 12 minutes, you think we can do it? Come on, let's get with it.
What does it take? Like I said in the letter that they never published in the Sun Central,
what does it take to get people off their ass?
You know, I was going to play the word police there and I just don't, I mean, we can't play it.
Oh, so as limited as we were before the Jicca article on Saturday,
we're even a lot more limited now, right? Sure.
We can't say G, damn, we can't say this, we can't say that.
And there would be those goody-two shoes people would say, well, you know, you don't need to use that kind of language anyway to do a radio show.
You know what it reminds me of?
If you want to a theater to see like the big new movie of the day, whatever it might be.
And every time they used a four-letter word in the movie and sent it here in the word, you hear like that, right?
Well, you don't think started censoring movies at the theater.
People would say, what the hell is this all about? We were here in those words in movies 30, 40 years ago.
Not no more. If you can't entertain people without that kind of language,
if you can't entertain people like they're all a bunch of five or six-year-olds, then you just ain't no entertainer.
Lenny Bruce is rolling over at his grave as what's going on right now.
And the public sits back as usual, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like that.
Can't get him off the rass, you know, Leslie Stahl, who just like we said before,
so what a weak choice to do that very, very important interview.
The waterline that just blew me right off the chair.
She says, do you think he really risked people's lives?
Just like in the Godfather, who's being naive now, okay?
Do you think he really risked people's lives? Well, here's one.
An explosion in Baghdad near a US patrol killed another American soldier and a Iraqi interpreter, the military said.
While a car bomb blew up near a US Air Force base north of the Capitol Monday,
killing two Iraqi civilians and wounding 25 others,
the explosion in Baghdad wounded three US soldiers beside the deaths.
Do you think he really risked people's lives based on lies?
Based on the fact that they already made up their mind to go in there?
Well, there's no good targets in Afghanistan. There's lots of good targets in Iraq.
So says Rumi.
And we still have that picture of him shaking hands with his good buddy,
a buddy, a Sodom back in the 83.
That picture's still there on the website.
What does it take to get it across to the American public? They're hopeless.
Absolutely positively hopeless.
5667-0560, pound 560 on a GAT and TNT in Verizon Wireless Line.
Calls today way off.
Way week, really weak.
WQA, hello.
I'm listening.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, how you doing, you'll?
Okay.
I think CBS would have have a lot more credibility with that story if they had disclosed
that their parent company is...
What's every disarmament?
Well, I'm just saying, I think it's going to be a great read,
but I think they're self-serving that they're promoting it,
and it's almost conflict of interest.
I don't think so.
Okay, thanks, Neil.
Okay.
Parat that the Miss Fudge Line, it's conflict of interest.
Why? Because you never understand that when you got these gigantic companies
that own publishing companies and broadcast companies, what does that have to do with it?
Who doesn't own what?
Right.
But what's all this improved? This guy's just parading again the same thing,
the same right-wing garbage from Miss Fudge.
This is the response now.
Let's smear CBS again because they have a vested interest here.
They're promoting a book.
Forget about the book.
Forget about what they're promoting.
Listen to what the guy said.
So if he'd gone on date one,
this isn't some raving liberal went on.
It is the guy worked under Reagan and Bush one,
and Clinton and Bush two.
This isn't like some wild-eyed liberal came on here and made these charges,
but don't confuse some of these people with the facts.
And this is the way the right-wing always operates.
They've got all the hook words, the buzzwords, the catch phrases, you know.
Just throw that stuff out there and inundate the public with it
and pretty soon they'll start to believe it.
WDQAM, hello.
How you doing, Uncle Neil?
Pretty good.
That was a real interesting last night.
It's just every time they put somebody to rebut the gentleman's name,
I can't forget the Bush administration.
They always do a real good Ralph Crandon imitation, a hominahamina.
And CBS, I think, did a pretty good job with getting back to him
that it was pretty much like his signature on those notes and certain things.
And it just gets to the point that no matter what you put out to American spaces,
they're still not going to believe, they're still not going to listen.
They can listen to what Russia is, where rewriting his three or two in that.
And I just, you know, I don't know what to do, but it's just,
as long as you just keep on pushing along,
and maybe some people will listen, it's just,
where can you send money on how you guys are going to do that?
We're looking up to, what's the money to get this thing advertised?
Well, we're working on it.
All righty. And you had mentioned something else before about something,
somebody mentioned something about, you know,
brush something on the show or whatever.
You know, and they just had something in Daytona,
where they just busted another hotel,
because the girl lifted her top.
Oh, it was with the girls on wild, what the court had said,
and they're making money off of that.
But it just depends on what part of the country you are,
and what they're going to allow to go on,
and what they're not going to allow.
No, not anymore.
Yeah, well, I guess like you said,
it's almost four years ago,
it's a start of Nazi Germany here, and I got a lot of money.
Okay, good luck to you, Pally.
I'll see you at the border.
Okay.
WQM, hello.
Not there, line one.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you cut me some flat jacket?
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I voted at stop.cc.com.
Thanks for putting up the word.
And you keep on everybody get up off the rack.
I can't believe you haven't gotten from the Godfather
when Sonny is running out of the house and he gets wiped on the causeway.
I can't believe you haven't gotten that job.
So you can tell everybody the good news from Sonny.
What's that?
What does that mean?
I don't get it.
I was hoping you could explain it.
Tell them the good news from Sonny.
Okay.
567-0560, we need 239 more signatures for 9,000 by 2 o'clock.
That's just the number I picked out of there,
and I thought we could easily get that.
In fact, probably we do a public service to stop taking the calls between now and two,
and just let them get to their computers.
Because I would say there are level of the calls about 90% today on a scale of zero
of been minus infinity.
But that's okay.
I mean, there are a lot of stress, a lot of pressure.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
In these trying economic times, I've sworn to let you know of a website called
FSTC.
I don't know if you've heard of it, but it basically has people on there registering
and telling people where the lowest price gasses or the highest price in the last 72 to 84 hours.
Right.
I found it very useful.
Also, my wife and I each went on FSTC.com and it's sort of our vote.
And I'm sorry to hear that over 70% of your comedy bits are now unplayable.
I would say 90% now.
90% that's unbelievable.
All right.
I'll see you on the red planet, Neil.
Okay, Pally.
Bring the gas.
Now see, or nearly if I said bring the gas, I would, you know, decide I would drop in there.
We can't do that, no more.
You just get in the habit of doing all of these things like it's like getting out of bed
in the morning.
Can't do it, no more.
All of these things.
Right.
Can't do this and you can't say that.
And based on what?
Well, we just decided.
We just made it up.
Michael Powell was offended by that booby on TV.
He never saw one before.
He never looked in the mirror before, I guess.
Just dazzling.
The idea that we're always talking about.
Oh, America, the greatness of men are all the freedoms we've got.
And about the freedoms we're going to help them have in Iraq.
Let me say it again.
I guess he's talking about the freedoms that we used to have here in America.
My life and life.
All of these things.
420560.
You ain't as you am.
Stavantutuawe!
Hi, V.
John Aaron McCaxi, Carbate Driver, Central Park.
You look that mean, so quissically.
I could tell he was in a dock.
So I acted out my puncture in.
And with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug to speak English anymore.
Oh great, great.
I went down to my home and I met which weather.
Weather is nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store.
But the guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtion Beamy's ass.
Now in the end, what does that mean?
The butter's too English.
And I'm all.
At the corner deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speak English, melee.
Or you can go back to Iraq.
I came here many years ago.
Learned my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I say pretty pretty.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making mistakes.
You know what I speak English.
We're going to do a 560 WQM.
8771 Florida petitionless signatures on at stopfcc.com.
229 go in a hour.
Can we do it?
Not even close.
We won't come into the million miles.
That's sad.
No, we'll do something eventually.
What does that mean?
It's all good.
Every little bit helps.
We'll do something eventually.
I don't get the significance of that statement.
We'll do the fundraising thing and all that.
I see.
Well, it's just disappointing though that these people just don't get it.
They just, I mean, you know, they're some who did.
But I think we've shot our so far.
You know, my catch my grip.
So far.
Last week, two or three days.
And there was this big response in everybody.
But that said, the rest of them don't care.
They don't care enough to send their very best or even their very worst.
You think they want a big big shot big time.
A schmuck like me gets on air.
Can we say schmuck?
No.
I don't think so.
A big time like me.
I mean, people think that I'm exaggerating that I'm bellishing this.
We don't know what the hell we can say anymore.
And the idea that we got some brought over there in Naples who sit in there
who fancies herself as some hot shot attorney.
And she's sitting there making these decisions now based on the best advice
in our corporate lawyers.
Well, what does that mean?
What the hell does that mean?
I think the music thing is the answer.
Maybe you don't have to worry about any words.
Of course, then you got to worry about the words in the music.
But it's very easy to like instrumental's baby.
Yeah.
All ventures all day.
Make sure that none of those instruments sound anything like a sound effect.
So maybe I like to heal them by the chance.
So once in a while, we're throwing a little chance.
Lots of adventures.
Oh, yeah.
Love the ventures.
Maybe a little bit Mitch Miller, although they had some vocals.
Right.
How about Ray Coniff?
We got Frank Nils, like the music box dancer guy.
And how about some polkas sound good to me?
Right.
John Tash.
We got a CD in here somewhere.
Right.
Although, we got some polkas in here, but not really sure we can play like this one.
We can play this one.
Yeah.
I'm not going to lose it.
I'm not going to lose it.
Oh.
You're a turd.
Oh, Raspberry.
Hey.
After clarifying when it's a Raspberry, 560560.
560 on the AT&T line with all the FCC crap going on, Nils should do what is our poll question
843 votes.
Just keep ripping Bush and ad 639.
Keep going as Vesti can, what 84?
Retire.
57.
6% say I should retire.
Not a bad idea.
Send me some money.
In fact, instead of raising money for the ads for stop FCC.com, how about just my retirement
fund sounds good instead?
Okay.
Do a sports show 21.
Do a hockey show 21.
Go back to all bedtime stories 14.
Well, that hasn't moved even one vote.
They hated that.
In fact, 50 people who did like it, they probably go on now anyway.
Not enough bedtime music 7 out of 943 votes.
Under God, key phrase for court this week.
No, God.
I love this.
I think we'll do the poll on it tomorrow.
Boston Gloves taking their own poll on it.
And it's about 50-50 last time I checked.
It's about even steam or shocks the hell out of me, especially with all the good cat looks up there in the England.
The Supreme Court plunges back into the nation's culture wars this week exploring a new the role that religion can play in public life as the Justices examine the constitutionality of the Pledge of Allegiance.
And I'm one of those old folks old enough to remember before they used to go step us along and make us say under God in the Pledge of Allegiance.
In Jesus' name, Amen.
On Wednesday morning, the Justices will hold a one hour hearing with attorneys over the meaning of the words in the pledge,
affirming that America exists under God.
Deal, God.
A phrase that appeals courts at a Monterey religious exercise and must be omitted when public schoolchildren recite the pledge.
And those people who say that are.
Absolutely correct.
The lower court ruling has been condemned by President Bush, both houses of Congress and a multitude of political religious and conservative advocacy organizations, organizations.
And has produced 51 legal briefs more than in most cases arguing the pros and cons of the issues before the Supreme Court.
The Tutor on ruling in February 2003 by the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Basin San Francisco as one of the support of a number of organizations, including Americans United for Separation of Church in State, the ACU and various atheist groups, as well as a number of scholars of law, history and religion.
Americans United calls the case the most controversial religion in schools case since the school prayer decision of the early 60s.
That's 1960s.
If the Justices decide that the phrase under God makes the pledge like a prayer, they could strike down its use in public schools, the only setting at issue in a case.
But if they're persuaded instead that the phrases they pay throughout the expression, like the Declaration of Independence and the Statement of Basic Rights come from the Creator, they probably would uphold the pledge.
The ruling on that, and by the way, not only do we force kids to recite the Declaration of Independence in schools.
No, no. So where's the connection? I don't get it.
But it's a patriotic expression. I didn't know that God was all that patriotic. I thought he liked the Jews over there, although lately he wouldn't know it.
The ruling on that constitutional question could be difficult for the Court either way said Brett G. Sharf, a law professor at Brigham Young,
he liked some young. The Court in this case is reaping the consequences of decades of vacillating an uncertain doctrine in this area of law.
The relationship between government and religion, the pledge Kate Sharf said, may give the Court an opportunity to clarify its doctrine.
Although ruling either way on the pledge to be a major event in constitutional law, two factors may prevent the Court from deciding the question at all.
First, only eight of the nine justices will hear the case and decide it. Oh, here's some great news. Great news. Finally, Justice Antonin Scalia recuse himself from the case after questions were raised about his impartiality because of Sharf public criticism he had made of the nine-circuit decision.
Scalia's absence from the pledge case raises the prospect of a four-to-four split, which would simply uphold the appeal-score decision against the undergod of phrase, but without an opinion by the justices.
That would make the appeal-score decision binding only in California and the eight other states include in the nine-circuit, but that would be a considerable result affecting nine million public school students to which we say.
Oh, right.
Yeah. Second, a basic question is there was no more of the Supreme Court lower courts have the authority to decide the case.
That question involves that dispute going increasing with complexes, the case unfolded about whether the California atheist who successfully challenged the pledge recital in public schools had a legal right to bring his case.
If he did not, his lawsuit would be dismissed and the pledge was tant as it is.
But that would make the issue go away as a conservative advocacy group, the AC at the American Civil Rights Union told the court in a legal brief.
There should be no doubt that if this case is dismissed without decision, another test case on the same issue will be brought somewhere in a country and in about three years that case will arrive in this corporate determination.
In the meantime, it added school districts across the nation would have no reliable idea of whatever teachers could lead students in the pledges recital.
Kind of like us here on the year, you know what?
They have no guidance. We don't know what the law is today. It's one thing tomorrow. Something else today. You can say tomorrow you can't say it Wednesday.
Maybe we can say Thursday we can't say crap.
The fact that there are people just forming at the mouth about this about what's going on with freedom of speech in this country is staggering to me.
It's amazing.
It's not just about how it's stirring or above a love sponge or the two guys that got suspended in Atlanta or all of these other fines and firings and suspensions going on and threats.
We're going to take away your license. We're going to find you $50 million.
I still say they ought to make it $10 trillion. Everything wants to say, huh?
If you tend to say crap, it should be $10 million.
Take your pinky. So crap, crap, crap. There's there's 30 million right there. How do you like that?
Oh my god.
30 million.
Yeah. 30 million for crap.
Here's the fact that says I understand most anti-bush advocates people to make when it comes down to the bush followers not believing in the lives of the administration.
I honestly believe many of the Bush rights and new widths so all eyes believe in the agenda.
The approve of takeover of weaker nations and the destruction of other societies.
This is a little bit too soon and lecture for me.
Let's see. Is any windows illegal? No.
I mean, can you play the if you think this is a song is dirty go up yourself?
Well, no, see that that's farmer's daughter.
Right.
Also, this one's signed the stop FCC.com. Thank you.
Now we can play that because the words aren't there. They just don't exist.
I mean, if they're there in your mind, that's up to you. That means you've got a potty mouth dirty mind like most of us, but they're not there.
In fact, I think I'm going to play that after the break. There's absolutely nothing wrong.
That's one of the few that we can play that's even like a little bit suggestive.
But double on time now can't do no double on time or triple on time and quadruple on time 50 years in jail.
No parole. No really parole for good behavior for quadruple on time.
But I'm sure that our brain trusted QA and I working feverishly right now they're emailing and they're calling and they're they're crying.
Oh, Greg, what are we going to do to get us all the answers we need, aren't they?
Yeah, sure. It's so tough to stick to those diets, man.
A lot of them sound good in the beginning and then you lose interest and you have to count calories.
You have to worry about buying this stuff and that's up balance for life makes it simple because they do all the figuring out on the shopping for you balance for life is the premiere meal delivery service based on the zone diet and deliver right to your door.
Three fantastic delicious fresh gourmet meals and two snacks every day in a little black sack with all that food.
How can you say you're on a diet because you're going to be full all day which is the key you're not going to have to be cheating in between.
So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet.
Don't settle for limitations. Imagine no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie or carb counting and people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life.
The zone diet has been proven to lower your blood sugar high cholesterol and high blood pressure too.
And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Although I can't imagine why balance for life is the closest thing to liver fine.
Because balance for life is the only meal delivery coveted that offers you menu choices that let you go from phase one to phase three of that South Beach diet.
No matter what it is that you do it right now if it's not working for you, you really owe yourself an attempt to the balance for life program because this could be the answer you're looking for.
Feel the difference. These are those results on the scale almost right away.
Call them today at that new toll free number 1 866 225 4543. That's 1 866 225 4543 or check them on that wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
My life and love this is 4256 2AM.
Shpackin!
Shpackin!
Shpackin!
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
Excellent! Thank you for the good job.
F*** whoever did that. They did. Came that way.
Oh, that's what I meant.
118 is 560 WQM Mike Faxes and says MimeyGasPrices.com. Check out what bushes, buddies, paying gas. Love your show. See you at the border.
Hi, I'll hitler says Mike.
Pretty sad. Thanks for those low gas prices, Mr. President.
Thank you very much.
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The calls have been fabulous today. Make no mistake about it.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Mr. Ryzen, how you doing? I'm finally guys.
Okay.
Right wing about out and date. They out the date of panic.
Tania with a large ass right now, man.
Yeah.
They scrambling the date, man. I think this is what purpose means.
If this guy was sent to bad personal, sent to them.
Why didn't they make the said now? I mean, why wouldn't he that bad when they kept them from Britain administration?
If this guy, this car guy was so bad.
What about Reagan and Bush one about daddy?
This is what I'm saying. This guy's been up for 30 years. All of a sudden now he's been up.
By turn, man.
But they kept it. Listen, let me explain something to you, Neil.
Explain it.
These people here are so corrupt.
You know what I mean? And this one hundred payment for I go, because I'm about out of mature.
I just want to be that fire.
George Terry shouldn't be ashamed to say what he feels and me.
What he say. These people are corrupt.
I would so happy when he said that.
If you want to get the post, if you want to get the post of this country, listen to the speech, man.
They have some real idiot calling me into this show.
Yeah.
You really see what we do with it.
I'm the American man.
I said.
Oh, okay.
Polly, hang in there.
See the border.
I don't think it was in 8798.
We're not making much progress.
You're two hundred and two away from 9000 on stopfcc.com.
I don't know what it, like I said, what it takes, but we're not going to bust the gut about it.
Bust the one?
Gut.
Top of gut.
You can't play it.
We can say it. We can't play it.
Can't say this. No more.
But they definitely don't care.
Hey, listen, don't bother.
You don't bother me.
We can play the same five bits over and over again.
I could pay the same.
I said we won't get a bonus.
Yeah.
Well, so we won't get no more bonus.
Oh, well.
This way it goes.
The onus is on the bonus.
What about that under God business?
Well, we'll do that tomorrow.
We'll take the poll.
The now the Boston Globe and their polls.
Interesting the way that.
And I notice since I mentioned it, it's probably our people.
Probably people going on Boston, Boston.com, which is the Globe's website.
Go ahead. Have a good time.
I noticed it's kind of like 47 to 40.
Do want to keep the plates away.
It is now with the under God.
And then the other 13 or 12 percent, whatever was it.
Who the hell cares?
Aren't there more important things for the Supreme Court to be worried about right now?
Not just one of them things.
Like maybe freedom of speech, something like that, like the Bill of Rights.
You can't have that.
You can't have freedom of speech.
We'll decide what speech it is.
And then we'll let you know maybe one of these days and maybe not.
So you just keep guessing.
That's what amuses me about our middle-level management people is.
Well, gee, I mean we gave it that list last week.
Oh, gee.
We want some guidelines.
We want a company policy.
Okay.
We want some rules and regs.
We want a road with some speed limit signs on it.
88-09.
Just not just drive it down the big Hershey highway.
Okay, although Muff probably has been down that road a few times.
See what I mean?
There you go again.
88-09.
191 away.
Do you think we can make it?
Hello?
Oh, boy.
He's laughing.
It wasn't that good.
Oh, that's not what he said.
It was probably true, but it wasn't that good.
See now there's another one that is right along that line.
Careful.
Right on the edge.
I think on the safe side, but nevertheless, I don't think it would say that.
No, you know.
WQAM, hello.
And nice talking to you too.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Yeah, I just wanted to call about the freedom of speech as you would in the censorship.
When I got to high school in mid-80s, there was this older guy I worked with.
And he told me a story back in 1939 when he went and sing gone with the wind.
He said that when he said, frankly, starlet, I don't give a damn.
The whole theater was like, oh my gosh, did he say, damn, oh my god, are you crazy?
They made such a big deal with it.
Oh my god.
It was unbelievable.
That was just like we were going to look back at this.
That was 65 years ago, man.
65 years ago, and now we're making them look progressive.
All right, Neil.
Thanks again, Pallion.
Don't say again, damn it.
I'm out.
See you.
Thanks.
80809.
We need to 191 people out there who care enough to send their very best.
I'm sure that if we just push it and plug it and crank it and twist it.
Oh, we can't say that either.
No.
You're sitting right there at your computer.
All of you idiots there at QAM.
I'm a girl cared enough to send his very best.
He signed on a petition.
What about Josh?
Did you do it?
I did.
Josh did it.
George did it.
I did it.
Anybody else in an establishment probably not.
But your mom didn't do it.
She don't have no computer.
Hey, my fault.
Right.
She didn't have no computer.
What do you mean Josh is mom?
I bet you your mom didn't do it either, George.
You're mom, yeah.
No, mom.
Yeah, your mom didn't do it either.
She don't know nothing.
Everybody's got a computer and if not they can go steal one real quick, okay?
In fact, you can go right now in any of those places.
They're all over the place and spider-jorge is ignorance about them.
All those internet cafe places.
They're all over the here and Toronto.
There's one in every corner.
I just said I didn't see any down here.
Internet cafe.
Pop a little change in that machine.
They give it a little little ticket comes out with a number on it.
You pop that number.
You put it in there and bottom bank.
You're on the internet.
For just a few cents you can be on there long enough to go out there.
You can go to stopfcc.com and sign a petition.
Put your name in a dry.
You don't even have to put your address on there.
Just the city where you live.
You don't have to put your shoe size.
See, there are a whole lot of people.
Oh, gee, I'm scared.
I don't want to put mine in.
Why not?
If you're that scared of the American government, then you should be moving right now.
You should be on a banana boat somewhere.
If you're really that scared.
I'm throwing you.
As much as much content as I have for the present government there.
I mean, if you're that nervous about it, then how the hell can you possibly still be in America?
Catch my drift?
Well, they got their guns.
Let me just see.
It's hard to refresh this thing because it doesn't have an 88-16.
Well, what do you do?
We got seven more there while I was writing in Raven.
Then eight good enough.
That's not good enough.
They ought to be coming in here.
I don't understand this thing.
I'm not saying they're getting a million signatures guarantees that we're going to get these clowns to back off.
But it's a hell of a way to make the politics and sit up in an election year and take a look and say,
wow, people are pissed off and fired up and they're not going to take any more of this.
We better start looking at this.
We better start addressing the issue as opposed to just posturing as moral goody two shoes who are wholelier than now because we think that's the perception of public wants of us.
Vlony.
We know you're all about your perverts, all you people in Congress.
You're a bunch of perverts just like we are.
So why don't you just loosen up a little bit and stop the crap.
Crap. Say it again.
And smell over the cake. Crap.
Don't they make that good macaroni and cheese crap?
Yeah, it is.
I do like that.
Can't eat it.
But poor. I do not.
I want that brand.
You know, no.
What's the good one?
All of the other ones.
Borden makes a nice one.
You know what's really good?
Yeah, I do.
But what are you thinking about?
Hamburger Helper.
Oh, yeah. I agree.
Wow.
You know it.
But I told you those stories.
What I used to do in Sarasota when I weighed 50,000 pounds.
Hamburger less helper.
I cook up the whole thing with a hamburger with a pound of hamburger.
Cook up the whole thing, give me a big jug of Hawaiian punch with sugar.
I need that pie.
And watch out.
Like the football game.
College football.
A Saturday afternoon.
Eat the whole thing.
And you weren't even a smoker.
I mean, I want to pipe.
I smoke.
Ah, and I see.
Josh, did you notice that?
Mark the time down.
Mark down the time.
126.
Monday, March 22.
We are a pie's promoting food.
He's promoting drug paraphernalia.
And not only that, but he's promoting that potty mouth.
Hurrah.
Hurrah.
Wow.
Thanks a lot for Rob, by the way, for being on the station because it was his, all of that
business with him.
That's what started where we are right now in QAM.
I'm not blaming him for the whole national thing, but in terms of QAM, that's why they're
unloading their diapers every five seconds.
That's it, unloading in their diapers?
Well, that too.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
You're a very pure and lily white station.
Make no mistake about it.
Be sure to tell everybody where as pure as it gets.
Just like from the White House.
Pure crap.
If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked, how'd you like to get
yourself a real career and a big paycheck that goes along with it so you can basically
have a life?
I have no life.
Well, get one.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train right now, tool free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
They can have you train in certified for a great high paying computer career by like the
latter part of the summer.
It's true.
You can be fully trained and ready for that new career in his little lives for short months.
Fast Train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule no matter what
it might be.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance financially to guys who qualify and because there
are seven convenient Fast Train locations all over Florida, there is bound to be one nearby
use.
So don't wait pick up the phone and call them today.
Check them out on the web first if you like.
Fast Train.com and then make that call that can really change your life in a most positive
way.
Get you some serious cash.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Find your local.
This is 560.
The radio's on your side.
Thank you.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, you can reach out to us.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
I'm a frog, dressed for a new American century
Their version of my call
For control of the world's economy
The party's own city bank is too big, sloped
Me na-
Me na-
Me na-
Me na-
Dr. Inks, you're down in the floor
For positive economy, you're proud
Me na-
Right, listen a little bit of that during the break to make sure I could play it
And then I just trusted Vokabrion to finally record one bit
I didn't have one of those words and I scored a bride
There's one
8846 from Florida on stopfcc.com
150,000 to go for 9,000
Wouldn't that be sweet?
And a half an hour, 154
They could do that in the next 10 minutes, you know, if they wanted to
If they really wanted to, if they wanted to cure enough to sit there very best
Just this one time
Just this one time people get with it
Get your finger out and tap it
That computer keyboard
Stopfcc.com
And stop the insanity once and for all
Egypt unveils Restore its sarcophagus of Ranzi 6
What's that bit we've got where he says sarcophagus?
Oh, that's an otter bit
Right
There's a word you don't hear too often, I don't know why it's a great word
Egypt yesterday unveiled the Restore its sarcophagus of Ranzi 6
Peace together from 250 fragments and now on primitive display
Where was first entered in the massive tomb of the ancient fairy, Eferro, who ruled about 3,100 years ago
Chip Vincent, director of the Egypt project of the American Research Center in Cairo
So the 10 American Canadian and Egyptian experts worked for two years on the reconstructed these sarcophagus
Carved in the shape of a mummy from a single block of green conglomerate
In the past visitors to the tomb would only see the broken pieces of the sarcophagus, Vincent said
Now they have the experience to see the head and the face of the pharaoh
Ain't that great?
It's something
The Restore Lid shows a face with wide set eyes and full lips and the cross-tands held a whole royal sceptors
Much of the lid is missing, however, and some fragments on the sides of the supporter would steal rods
They must be trapped in their pants in the White House, so I'll tell you after that piece on 60 minutes last night
Which we played the audio last hour
To try to out-chain you to bring him out of the closet, vice president Dick Cheney out of the bunker
To bring him out of his hiding in his bunker like Heinrich Himmler and put him on with Rush today
I wonder how many they were popping to two of them, huh?
You've heard of Hell's of Pop and I should call that Troll Pills of Pop and
How come we don't hear any more about that other than
Shut up!
Roy Black is pissed off about this and Roy Black is pissed off about that
And they're picking on poor Rush
We don't want to say he's a hypocrite, do we?
Yeah
Finger pointing ton of crap
Come on, Wilmo, we need some more, Wilmo, what the-
Give me the shipment, Wilmo, the good stuff
88-46, what did I say when we were going?
I forgot to turn it down
What do you mean by that?
In other words, you throw it in the towel, you don't think I can do it
No, it can be done
I mean, no, physically it can be done
I mean logistically it can be done
But in terms of this crowd, I mean there is somebody from Coral Gables on there which we thank them
But the last five people to sign in Deanna Washington, the state of Washington, Michigan
And White Lake, Michigan, no less, and Coral Gables
Well that's good, that's something that could happen in the Gables, thank you
The guy that said he's doing the thing with it
Now what did this- what just happened here? Why did this print out? I didn't print it. Did you send me this?
Said you what?
I must be losing it. I just printed out the-
Well the stop FCC resolved
I didn't send that
88-46 and we're not that far behind California, I should point out
We'll- again, make it into a contest, make it into a fun thing
And we'll raise $50,000, $100,000 faster than you can say
Absolutely correct sir
And get ads all over the place, we'll have our million signatures
At least we'll go down fighting anyway
As opposed to just pretending we're on some kind of an ego trip, I don't want to mention any names
Just can't stand that stuff
Canadians horrified by the discovery of an alleged serial killer in their midst of an confronted with even worse news
They may have eaten animals that ate the victims
You see this story? No
The farmer suspected of killing at least 22 women is feared to have disposed of their bodies by feeding them to his pigs
The pigs were slaughtered on his farm, 30 kilometers that's 18 miles east of Vancouver and the meat given hundreds of local people
Oh right
Police this week confirmed samples of the pig meat probably contained human DNA
Raising the prospect of those living near the farm of suspected killer Robert William Picton ate his victims
They're eating people
Sounds like bokehburgers all over again
Picton 54 apparently had a habit of slaughtering pigs wrapping up the meat and distributing it to associates and friends
Many of Picton's victims were prostitutes
The killer regularly gave birth from his farm to other sex workers
In the old days I have a great line for that but I can't say it in the old days we'll just have to imagine it
Back in the day
Those are my friends that he served up said one prostitute this week after learning she may have eaten meat contaminated with her friends DNA
Families of the missing women expressed shock at the news with one telling event Cuba radio station
I'm not eating dinner tonight
How about some macaroni and cheese please?
Trace
Police have asked anyone with frozen pork products from the farm to turn them into authorities immediately
Health officials are examining whether human pathogens and diseases such as hepatitis and HIV could have been transferred through the meat products
Police arrested Picton in February 2002 but only announced this week
They had found human remains and other DNA samples at the farm
He's been charged with 15 counts of first degree murder and the disappearances of women over the past 20 years
They were eating people
Yeah but they were hookers
Like I said back in the day there are a lot of lines possibilities that come to mind
But that's because I'm a prover just like you are
Sure, proud of it
With all the FCC crap going on that's our poll on neo-roger.com
A thousand and fifty four votes that's not too shabby
Neal should just keep ripping bush and ass 714 67.7%
And look at this scot McClellan
He pursued a policy
Richard Clark's accusations irresponsible
Yeah they can't handle the truth at the White House
It's not responsible to tell it like it is that they fake the whole world into a phony war
And that they're doing all these human sacrifices over in Iraq
So anyway just keep rubbing bush two-thirds say that
Just keep going as best he can 206
Just keep on trucking can we say trucking?
No
Just keep on doing it
Retire! 63.5.9% say hey you old fart!
Retire!
Especially before the election they'd like that
Do a hockey show 24
Do a sports show 22
So a hockey show has moved in the lead how do you like that?
That's all I'm hockey fans that are pissed off and fired up about that
Lexus Parking Section Aritha Macarena
That to me is when you're having trouble selling any tickets when you're giving all those tickets away
When the only time you can give any asses in the arena or when you're given something away
When the team is like basically no chance left for the playoffs now
With that I wonder when yesterday
And you're pissing people off by creating a Lexus Parking area with like 9 or 10 cars in there
And all the other people have to shut that much further even though they're paying additional for preferred parking
I heard that I didn't know what the screen will read the Chiquitas Banana
I just can't believe it!
Anyway, retire! 63.5.9%
Hockey show 24, sports show 22
Go back to all bedtime stories only 17
They hated it and play music 8 out of 1062
Come on! Let's play some music!
What do you say? All that hits all the time
We got all the great English to go along with it
I don't think Clarence and the muffler too are crazy about the music idea
They didn't have too much to say about it
But I'm actually that the two of them fiercely are working on it right now about our dilemma
They're working on it and the dilemma too
Oh see that's a quadruple on time
We'll stop it!
I don't even know how to respond anymore
Seriously, it has reached a point where every time you say anything you think
Well, wait a minute, I couldn't say that, did I just say that?
141 at 560 WQM
Here's one thing I'll tell you I've been using dry concepts in my homes for over 20 years
Because there is nobody anywhere in the universe that comes close to the job they do for you
And the whole deal all the way around, they don't give you any ripoffs when they finish the job and say
Oh guess what, it was extra for this, extra for that
They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their fantastic dry cleaning job
So whether you're a carpet, area-wrecked, draper, you want them professionally cleaned, call the experts at dry concepts
Because they're simply the best in the universe
Using dry concepts certify trained technicians, they'll dry clean your carpets like you dry clean your clothing
That's why they call it dry concepts
Leaving them vibrant in color, soft to the touch they smell emity fresh
They're drying a couple of hours and it looks like you had brand new laid down
See, I can't say laid no more, brand new carpeting laid down on your floor and even if you didn't
And don't forget with dry concepts your rugs will be dry like I said no time
And also you can clean today and entertain tonight
And when you do make that call to dry concepts, please ask them how you can get on their stand violist
Because that'll save you an extra 15% off your next carpets cleaning off their already unbeatable reasonable price
Call them today, you'll never dream of calling anybody else again, we use these people the first time
They're the best anywhere call 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
Or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com
We're Sports Radio 5-6-1-UAM
2-8-M
J-J-K
To the women's ammunition, George W says no
All those girls in wet t-shirt, he stopped the show
He stepped out of the parties in the out-of-home
Yes!
Now my spring break sucks, it's no fun at all
We say this fight, but she's red
I'm party!
We can't party, we can't laugh, we'll be, can't play
They won't even let you stay out past eight
The budget meant it's rated as such a trend
6 years' break, we're just gonna beat final class
We say this fight, but she's red
Absolutely
I'm party!
147-560-WQM is gonna be so sad, 88-83
We just need another 117 to get to 9000
But we only have 13 minutes to do it, I don't think it's gonna happen to you
No
Close but no cigar
Jackson Brown was just inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame March 15
We can go today
Right
Carlos Verralla, the great Cuban singwriter, songwriter
And what I say, singwriter, singwriter, singwriter, songwriter
Applied for a visa to come to the US to sing his powerful amazing songs, he had concerts planned in Miami, New York and LA
Our government turned him down
These have been denied to other Cuban artists because their visits are detrimental to the interest of our country
In essence, the government says that if Carlos Verralla plays concerts in the US
The money he makes would go to Fidel Castro
This is untrue
In Cuba, renowned artists keep much of what they earn because the government does want them to leave the country live somewhere else
Yet the Bush administration used the same reasoning to keep Abraham from rear of the Buenevac de Social Club
And Manuel Galban from attending the Germany award, the Grammy Awards ceremony in LA last month
Both men won awards
Germany, I guess, was a 40-inch slip?
I guess
And also forth to postpone a concert by Spanish Flamengo master Paco de Luchia
Luchia?
C.
Paco de Luchia because he plays with Alan Perez Rodriguez, a Cuban word bassist
I congratulate the State Department on finally determining that Mr. Perez is not detrimental to the interest of our country
Although those of us who were able to reschedule and hear him play this month know that he's a truly dangerous man
In a profound way, our government takes on the role of a presser when it tries to control which artists will be loved access to our minds and our hearts
We may think we are isolating Cuba with our embargo and our travel restrictions
But it is we Americans who are becoming isolated
People travel to Cuba from Australia, Britain, Canada, Italy, and Spain
Countries would consider stocks allies, eh?
US foreign policy toward Cuba is unpopular in America and for good reason
It stops Americans from traveling to Cuba and Cubans from coming into the States
It stops us from sharing medicine with the EU and restricts our ability to sell food to the Hungary
This policy is an outdated relic of the Cold War and exists only as a political payoff to the Republican-leaning Cuban-American voters in Miami
The policy of punishing Cuba works only when Americans see the angry face of Cuban repression
But in the face of Carlos Verrella, the language and the language of his music, Americans would not find the mask of a demon
But here the aspirations of people just like themselves
Perhaps the most prominent paradox here is that Carlos Verrella is known not only for his talent but also for his courage to speak out through his songs
Many of which have been interpreted as critical of the Cuban government
While these young Cubans respect the accomplishments of their leaders, they are already indeed impatient to run their own affairs
They want freedom for themselves and independence for their country, they want the new Cuban to be created by the Cuban people not by the US
I believe in justice in human rights in the US and abroad, I'm saddened by the treatment by the Cuban government of the political dissidents in their country
Along for the day when there's freedom for both Cubans and Americans to travel in both directions across the streets of Florida without undue interference by their governments
I want this freedom not just for artists but for all people American and Cuban who live each day in the hope for a just and prosperous future
Giving Carlos Verrella a visa to sing in America would be a good way to begin
Right Jackson Brown and Dr. DeRocco and Will Hall of Fame would go today
As Red Barber would say, oh Dr. My Eyes
I am the Lord, this is 420 or 560
You way am
I'm a man of hell, but I just couldn't take that anymore
We're gonna make it Georgia, I think only 87 to go, we got a shot
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
For some dumb and people killed with the gas that we sold him
First time a crescitation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going
Forget about Korea and the nooks they're totem and the right wing is drilling it over
And over into our hick that iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
Oh my God
3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey there's oil to be counted going after satan to play kato sama there's no longer mention of the name in law
But no one seems concerned all comfy and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over
And over into our hick that iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide
Table talkers all are saying I know piti and cattle don't have any reservation out of provoked battle that world annihilation
Old machines must fall in hell a virgin and stoke with no objection at all
Till the crack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brain wash pants
I rack has some weapons of master's destruction only I rack has some weapons of master's destruction
Now what was that all about I can't get on there now what what that oh what was that oh I just I had to know oh for no particular reason I thought maybe we got to 9000 no no just inspired I got the music in me I can't get to it I can't get out of it we had 8 9 13 they're all on there right at the ass end see they want to leave me hanging but thanks anyway to everybody who signed a petition stop at cc.com
We only need about 80s gazillion more did you hear me say John Jaros did it he came in to say nice going John Jaros there's a guy that's got a pair from power 96 there's a going guy in the building along with McGill and the rest of us on the show he said he was going to go out tell kid curry to do it kids curvy hill do it because he don't want to have all those all those hip hop records since it on power 96
I mean where the hell does it stop it isn't just about Howard Stern or Bubba love sponge or Neil Rogers or this and that it's about whether or not you get to make any choices it's whether one day all of a sudden the government gets fed out of shape and they say oh well we decided this is all very dirty and it's unacceptable based on well you know it's just like a month on me this morning he got just because he gets the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to
behavior on this and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and he's got to get the email from over and we can have any punch with it
put it in here and add them in here and add outcomes
Well, like I said, we're going to come very, very close.
Maybe if there's this last minute flurry, huh?
In this last minute before 2 o'clock.
Anyway, that's how the pool come out.
That we keep overlooking that.
Important.
With all the FCC crap going on, you'll
should just keep a Rip and Busch and Ass, 766.
Keep going as best you can, 222.
Retire, 64, 5.6%.
Do a hockey show, 26.
Do a sports show, 23.
Go back to all bedtime stories, 20.
And pre-music only 8 out of 1129 votes.
A staggering total.
So from Monday, we kind of like stirred the pod a little bit.
And of course, after your story, you know what's time to do.
Time to smile.
Bye, bye, bye.
When you watch your show, I'm pressing the key.
And you'll hear my name for my name.
Stintest digging pause off me, you damn 38.
