It puts the lotion in the basket.
On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked.
You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next.
However long until she shocks you again, Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true.
Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members, get a brand new...
Liver.
Everybody gets a living under one, gets a living.
Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members get a brand new...
UVLOP.
Everybody gets a brand new...
Everybody gets a brand new...
The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey.
The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm.
Everybody gets a prosthetic arm.
Everybody gets a prosthetic arm.
Oprah, giving away great stuff she didn't have to pay for, even though she could easily afford to.
And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets stedmen.
Everybody gets stedmen.
Everybody gets stedmen.
10.51 to 5.60 WQM.
Better late than never, that's what we see on this show.
Yeah, and we like it.
But what?
George did a great job last week, even though I didn't hear a woman in a bit of it, I'm confident of it.
That was so spectacular response on our website.
Even though the management doesn't like you, they hate you like Poido.
And our feeling, well, as they say, in the mutual broadcasting network.
And well, let's see, the poll that you took on Friday over the weekend.
And let's click Picket on Dick Cheney's daughter, by the way.
You talk about the media being...
Look at that, look at that crazy.
Who's picking?
I'm grinning.
Oh, it's so sad.
It is so sad.
The way the media just joins right in there, goose stepping along.
I think the whole media's owned by Sinclair Broadcasting, if you ask me.
But anyway, here's the poll George took.
What's your take on this Bill O'Reilly business on the phone set's allegations accusations alleged?
1769 votes.
Now, you left off the one choice that I always like to put in there.
I don't give a shmit.
Because that would have been my first immediate choice.
I couldn't give a flying crap about Bill O'Reilly.
Now, when you look at his radio ratings in the South Florida marker,
which he's been on here for like about a year and a half, he's got a crushed rush, baby.
Even after the big rush, you'll fall out with his little pill poppet crap.
And, you know, a rush took a little bit of a hit, but O'Reilly still got a 0.2 or something like that.
He might as well not even be on the air on a radio.
She's definitely a teeny kind of a spin guy.
Anyway, 1769 votes.
Both of... oh, I see.
Both of the above, 817, meaning O'Reilly's appropriate 771.
And, Macrus is an extortionist 181.
And, both of the above.
So, in other words, he's a pervert and she wants to get money out of it because of it.
And, both of the above, and I still don't give a crap.
I couldn't care less about Bill O'Reilly.
Small potatoes.
Another man-made creation out of the media.
Media-invited thing.
He ain't nothing.
Here's something that is something.
She's on our website today on Neorongers.com.
Behind the bearded curtain, if you got lots of ID.
Or else.
Fredrick Van der Waal.
Who?
Well, she's a model.
She's a supermodel and super-well, not so super actress.
Born August 30th, 1967.
I bet you have no idea where she was born.
Jemini.
Van der Waal.
Oh, she's Deutsche.
Der Dutch.
Born August 30th, 1967, which makes her 37 years old in the Heg Niedelands in Holland, baby.
Here's her filmography, short as it is.
Ultimate Holiday Town USA, made for TV.
The Million Dollar Hotel, the Venice Project, the Wild Wild West.
Celebrity.
54.
Two girls in a guy and Burns, he's last call.
That's it.
Oh, and also Marmalade.
And Celebrity Moul-Hawaii.
And a bunch of pretty sad Fred.
But she's a fine-looking creature.
And there she is.
That's her creature feature.
I'd be behind the bearded curtain.
And they take a puke at it.
Here's our pool today.
But this is really great.
It's almost the end of the first hour.
I forgot about this.
I haven't been on vacation.
Oh, don't go to Montreal unless you like the city just to stay away from the people.
Went there last weekend.
Man, what a...
What I still love that city.
It's very European restaurants are phenomenal.
But the people are strictly frogs.
Man, they're disgusting.
They're rude.
They're everything that you hate about the French.
That's them.
Pushy, rude, obnoxious, disgusting.
Nasty.
They absolutely refuse to speak English.
Yeah, how they smell.
Absolutely.
Oh, I haven't been get close enough.
Didn't with anybody.
What well-known person do you think is the biggest thing?
The biggest phony.
That's our pool question today on Nearodgers.com.
We got two to start.
Rush Limbaugh.
I'm dying out of here.
Papa Couple of more.
Or Bill O'Reilly.
The alleged telephone sex pervert.
That's to start.
The world's biggest phony.
I got one I should add on there right away.
In fact, I got two.
And culture.
I got several.
And culture.
You write these down now?
Yes, we are.
Miss Matt Dredge.
Oh.
Miss Matt Dredge.
What's funny about him?
I don't know.
I asked a little Miss Muffet.
The Pope.
Ooh.
See, you got a good list.
This is right.
The audience will add many, many more.
I'm sure.
All the phony's all the time.
And who is the other one I was going to put on there?
Well, I'll leave it out to them.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's that schedule today.
Mad Dog at two.
All right.
The Humber at four.
Hey, stupid.
Then you got the guilty at seven who, of course, Jim Sarny.
You'll get to that eventually.
Jim Sarny had some interesting things to write about Gildy.
He'll be at Smokey Bones tonight at 7 to 10 at the K at 10 o'clock.
Now, Mr. Joe.
He'll Rogers mornings and be dick.
And, for the round of clock, we're quiescent.
2 a.m.
Oh.
M-O-N-P-A-Y-S-U-C-A-S.
M-O-N-P-A-Y-S-U-C-A-S.
Disgrateful changing.
I went online.
I emailed the dumb-unit tricks.
Now, everything is fine.
I make it in a dungeon made for slaves.
I get when I have misbehaved.
Just to prove that she is my master.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
The little heels are painful.
When they're all my box.
But the pain here's said nothing.
When you're hanging from your nuts.
And I've been hanging from my testicles for days.
Now, my balls are on it at decade.
It's just to prove that she is my master.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
My scrotal needs to be a normal sack.
Now, I can pull it halfway up my back.
Of the move that she is my master.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
I'd love to hear that play down in the Billor Riley show.
If I watch, which I don't.
Wouldn't that be a great theme song for Bill?
27 votes on a poor label.
Well, the one person you think is the biggest pony.
Rush Limbaugh.
15.
Billor Riley five.
Maddrudge.
She's got three.
Now, how come it doesn't say mismaddrudge on there?
Like I said.
Get water on her.
Comey plot.
Well, what?
No, seriously.
Did I make it very clear?
I said, be sure we put that on her mismaddrudge.
So we know which drugs we're talking about.
The Drudge Master?
Josh.
Josh.
So, Pope three and Ann Coulter has only got one.
But you ought to see it's a very impressive one.
I'm hearing, oh, speaking of that.
A couple of these stories we had on the website during the week.
And I don't know if you dealt with them or not.
But that's okay.
Okay.
Because I'll deal with them anyway.
Okay.
What about?
Did you do the one from a spring hill, Tennessee?
Woman accused of selling vibrator disguises duck?
No.
Oh.
Catherine Williams says the yellow duckie spun she put on sale at a flea market is merely
a child's toy.
City officials say the vibrator inside makes it a sex toy.
But officials in this Nashville suburb backed off from citing Williams for violating these six cities sexually oriented business ordinance,
because she'd already taken it out and displayed by the time police responded to complaint Saturday.
Nearby offenders also refuse to be witnesses in the case.
We declined to prosecute because of a lack of evidence city administrator Ken York said last week.
Williams whose passions and pleasures been this sells low-sensit adult novelties it in home parties.
Described her product line is PG-13 and said she only got two negative comments at the flea market.
Nothing we do is nasty unless you have a nasty mind, she said, turning an up on the...
I mean next thing are going to outlaw selling cucumbers in public.
So what else is it stop?
Right?
Anything that's longer than it is wide.
Right.
Salami sausages forget about that.
Brought worst.
Forget about it.
They're the worst.
Anyway, she says nothing we do is nasty unless you have an nasty mind, turning an up on the yellow duckies tail to make the sponge vibrate.
By three or well, it's a lot of the play with his duck in the bath. He put it on his neck and on his head.
Williams said she'll be back at the flea market next year.
If she does, she'll be cited in court.
You're an into court, you're a sed that duck is a sex toy and it was on display.
That was a vibrator on display in public view.
Yeah.
Oh god!
Well you're a dangerous there.
Sign American, you wonder why Bush is a little bit ahead in the polls or whatever are they going to steal the election in two weeks?
Hey you can put an eye out with one of those things.
Don't forget early voting today by the way in Florida.
Get out there and vote a whole bunch of time.
But turn him in.
For Carrie.
And all you native people, let me just tell you right now, even think about voting for Ralph Nader.
Oh yeah, we don't want to make any threats to the native voters but just keep that in mind.
Katrina Van Inhuvel assumes it up very well about the Chinese Lynn and Dick.
She says, have you noticed that when Lynn Cheney thunders about being an indignant mother, she can't repress a smile.
And when husband Dick says he's an angry father, he's smirking?
That's because they're actually far more pleased than outraged by John Kerry's mentioned of their daughter's sexual orientation in the last debate.
Now they have an issue to distract the country from George Bush's awful debate performances and the media which drank deeply from Cheney's WMD conconction as once again swelting his deceptions.
It was Dick Cheney himself who first brought up his daughter's lesbianism in the 2000 Vice Presidential debate when he wanted to burnish his compassionate side, a quality never noticed much before and completely absent since.
When John Edwards mentioned Cheney's daughter in this year's VP, the debate Cheney thanked him for his kind words.
But within moments after the third debate between Bush and Carrie, Lynn Cheney was already with a candle line of fake indignation to feed the post-debate news shows.
And now it's morphed into an applause line in both mom and pops campaign speeches.
This isn't parental outrage. It's political theater from two of the most cynical people in American politics and they've successfully manipulated the mainstream media once again Katrina writes.
She was on one of the shows this week and she's great Katrina painted who will not just in print, but like she can also speak to she's great.
We love Katrina at the nation. No way. Yes, we just we did. Just thought I mentioned that.
Okay, we'll get some other things for the poll here. I'm assuming five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 and teen Verizon wireless line.
Well, well known person. You think is the biggest phony is our poll question that a Q a and hello.
Hello. I just want to make sure that there was nobody there. Maybe they're off to a slow start this week, too.
Or maybe duck came into their breakfast table this morning. They were sitting down at the breakfast table ready to enjoy delicious breakfast with a smile interface and turn that smile into a frown.
Little miss muffet. The messenger lady turned the smile.
I'm on vacation last week. George does his usual sensational job. I come back this morning. I'm in a great mood. I'm relaxed. I've had a few days off and I sit down here at 20 past eight in this chair.
821 who marches into the studio. Little miss muffet. Mufflin. He our former program director turned operations manager turned dump button monkey.
The dump button lady and says to George. Okay. Well, what was the exact words? Could you excuse us for a minute? Excuse us for a minute.
And now he goes into a thing about Greg Reed and my lawyer Norma Kent and there's sit at and this one having a temper tantrum.
Stuff that has nothing to do with me really directly and I'd like to know what all of you know I'm saying get out of my face.
Don't bug me anymore. Duff go away. Messenger lady. Within 60 seconds or less. I think it was more like my fat pimply ass sitting in this chair.
Here comes the mufflin. Oh, Greg wanted me to call you on Friday. But you want vacation. Just go away. Okay. You're all about your crazy people. Leave me alone.
WQA. I'm happy Monday. Hello. Kathy. We differed. Excellent choice. I love it. Thank you.
One that a good one. That was great. In fact, that inspired me to play a whole bunch of good stuff. Let's see. No, we can't play that one. No, no.
Oh, I know. Wait a minute. Now what's what's the one where she's selling there selling. Kathy Lee's crap. The slave labor. The sweatshops.
Oh, they are. They are the kids. What a mind. What a memory man. There is a child living down in Mexico.
Oh, yeah, who has to go to work every day. I'm dying on the air.
Sit at his desk. Making clothes for Kathy Lee loves the work, but doesn't love the pain. They are the kids who make the glory.
They are the ones who make a bucket. They so quick. It's just close to making the time you love to buy.
It's you that make a bucket. They would happily. You bet you slept you were well said. Excellent choice to start WQA. Hello.
Yes, sir. Okay. Here you go. Mel Martinez and the late Pat Paulson.
Deputy QA. I'm hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to vote for just getting right now to the bowl.
Okay. And I have two. Can I have two for your poll? Go right ahead. Well, wait a minute. First of all, who are you voting for?
Well, you know, they give out no way. But no, I'm voting for Kelly. Okay. Why did you say it? I mean, you have to be ashamed.
They are tracing the quality. Welcome knock on your door three o'clock tonight, meant from the governor's office. Anyway, go ahead. What do you got?
Mary Jamie. Yeah. And Jimmy swagger. Who? Jimmy swagger. Okay. Two good choices again. Thank you. This poll could be like a zillion. Couldn't.
All the phoneies all the time. Maybe so many phoneies and so little time. So many egos and so little time. So many overgrown little children,
masquerading as adults and so little time. You know what I'm talking about. I'm sure you do. George.
Oh, this I'm telling you this radio station is a killer. You people are you are tuned in right now to the killer to killer radio.
Not necessarily in a positive sense like killer like we're killing them, but killer as in it'll kill all of us before we're done.
Man, it is just absolutely unacceptable as what it is. Muff, stay out of my face. Don't be give me any more messages. Go away.
Okay. You neurotic crazy bastards. You the whole bunch of you. See, I've got two years to go and believe you me. That is the end.
This is the end, boys and girls. And I will say during that two years in a couple of months, whatever it is, I have no need.
No reason to be in contact with mufflin Z with clearance. Whatever to her name is with any of these crazy people with a water Nazi.
I don't need to be there. That's one of the reasons I'm so glad not to be there. Does I have to encounter those neurotic people face to face?
The last time I was down there, which you'll recall every day was another crisis every day. Another hush closed or well, but it would put a boot put back.
So all peeing in each other's pants, which I'm quite frankly got a few questions about that. I think they have a word for that.
But at any rate, I just don't want to be part of any of that stuff. I'm here to do the show that take the check. That's it. Just send me the money and go away.
Leave me alone. 12 minutes after 11 at 560 WDQA. I.R.S. tax problems have a way of ruining all aspects of your life just like the people of QA.
They take a toll on your financially, physically and emotionally. You can never really forget about your I.R.S. problems as they come back each morning when you wake up like a nightmare.
C.P.A.G.M.I. Buckwalt and the Buckwalt tax firm can help you end your I.S. problems forever and give you back peace of mind. That's why other top C.P.A.M. law firms refer their clients to the Buckwalt tax firm when they got I.R.S. problems.
One out of what potential criminal prosecution get all your unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Suppose you have an I.R.S. lien, wage levy, O.P.A.G.W.L. taxes and penalties, one a settle for thousands less than you owe, need time to pay whatever it might be. The Buckwalt tax firm can help you out.
They offer a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from I.R.S. harassment or that harassment.
At Best of All, you never have to meet with the I.R.S. either the Buckwalt tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you don't have to call 954-575-2800.
That's 954-575-2800, whether you owe $10,000 or a million in I.R.S. taxes are somewhere in between. The Buckwalt tax firm can help you out.
Call 954-575-2800 today for your free consultation or check them on the web at www.irsfreedom.com. That's irsfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking at your front door.
You are listening to the Royal Rogers. It's inclusively on 560-CAM.
Feb. is dumb and Dave wants that is dumb.
Ladies, if you're out of work, why not lift yourself up and join the Jimmy Swaggert Ministry. Right now, there are numerous openings you can fill by assuming a missionary position with Jimmy Swaggert. Transportation is provided.
Jimmy will drive you around personally. You'll not only get hands-on experience, you'll get hands-on over you experience. Assume the missionary position right now and you'll work directly under Jimmy Swaggert.
After all, you already have something in common with Jimmy. You want a job and he wants a job.
Bless you.
I'm looking at that poor. Look at the way that Josh Bell, Jimmy Swaggert, Josh is a good guy but he's got the brain size of a ceo.
He doesn't know from evangelistic up. Swaggert, Swaggert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAGGert, SWAG
What's your name's on there? How many a thousand? A thousand! A thousand names on there to give you something to do to keep after you finish voting for Kerry several times.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, by the way, don't get sucked into the, oh look who's on there. Careful speaking of sucking. Is that where you think the selection's going to be excited?
Oh, and what a match made in Hellman, Tommy Piedler and Ricky Tiki Sanchez. There are a few other counties. They said he would have counties. By the way, the Herald Endurist Kerry will get to that, all those endorsements. And the Tampa Tribune didn't endorse anybody.
They said a pox on both of them. Kind of my feeling about like Reg Reed and Norm Kent to hell with both of them. Presidential race tightens up again. Democratic challenger John Kerry cut presidential Bush's lead to two points. How can this man be a head? How can this daughtering, imbusile be a head? What kind of morons are we dealing with Americans or what? Well, that's it.
My God, he comes across a simpleton in three debates. He gets walloped, but you got to hand it to Carl Roevin. Those Nazis, man. They know how to change the subject. First they did it with that swiftboat veterans crap that was magnificent because all of the issues. I mean, it's a disaster. The economies of disaster. What's happening in Iraq is a disaster. The environments of disaster jobs people out of work. You name it. No matter what this man has touched as the disaster. He's like a great Rita politics.
And yet he's up a couple of points in a poll. But don't get sucked in by that CNN thing that's Gallup again and Gallup interviews like 38% and I'm not making this up. 38% Republicans, 31% Democrats. So guess what? Bush is a few points ahead now. They say, don't forget about them. CNN, they are the anti-Christ. Okay. Each and every one of those people at CNN ought to be like nailed to a cross and crucified. Every one of them except candy crawler. She bring the cross down. Can you imagine that?
They have to bury that thing 20, 30 feet deep in a ground.
About 30, man.
Anyway, carry cut Bush's lead to two points with just over two weeks to go according to the Reuters Zogby poll released yesterday.
This is the latest poll that may have any significance whatsoever. Although the state by state polls are kind of interesting too.
Like for example, carry his four points ahead in Ohio. Allegedly. And three, four points and Wisconsin. We'll see. We'll get to it.
And then you see all the stuff that they're pulling out the tearing of Democratic registrations and Oregon, things like that.
Just little minor things. Not that they play dirty tricks. You understand?
Copy lies. Bush led carry 46 to 44% of the latest three-day tracking poll of the closely contested race.
The president had led him 48 to 44% the previous day. The third debate is now registering among voters and carry out a good day.
John Zogby said the new tracking poll found carry regained a good lead among 18 to 29-year-old voters.
Oh, thank God there's hope for the young people in America. Thank the Lord.
We've got some brains and consolidate his events among his spannics. And of course we're not talking so much about South Florida, his spannics.
Because that's a horse of another color, another flavor.
Bush and carry were tied among Roman Catholics. A group carry himself a Catholic must win to capture the White House.
Zogby said. And the Pope says, hobbit-grared.
Among the 7% of voters still undecided, Bush had a 34% positive job waiting versus a 66% negative rating. This is among the undecideds.
Only 18% of undecided respondents said the president deserved a reelection while 39% said it was time for somebody new in the latter group.
99% said they were likely to vote. So where does all this other CNN Gallup crap come from? USA Today? Tomorrow?
Pulling out of their ass is what I'm thinking because it's part of this bandwagon mentality.
Oh, look at this. Bush is ahead. They people must know something. You don't know. We better vote for him.
While all the people are lined up for their flu shots, how come carry let so many holes?
They opened up enough holes for him. He could have driven a flea to Mac treks through it in that third debate.
This business about well, we don't have enough flu vaccines. So and now we got people, people 90 years old standing online for hours in the sweltering heat in California and in the wherever it is.
Waiting for a chance not just waiting for a shot, but for a chance to get ripped off for a flu shot.
And he says, well, we can get him from our Canadian friends to the north or Canadian.
Yeah, these are the same Canadians who buy and I noticed in his speech the next day,
Carrie finally brought it up because somebody wrote it for him.
The same Canadians were was the 10th world of drugs that we're getting and we don't dare let the Americans import the drugs from Canada.
And let me tell you right now, by the way, the people up here are pretty unhappy about the whole idea of letting Americans import drugs because now they're
referring to drug shortage here because the Americans are getting ripped off by the pharmaceutical companies would help a bush.
Why didn't he pick on that one?
That is a gigantic mammoth opening. And what was the other one I was going to mention that he left the I forgot.
I'll get to it.
Just enormous gigantic openings and in spite of the fact that he really blew it in a couple of ways, he still buried him.
You go online a couple hours after the debate finished and like on the MSNBC poll it was like 71 to 29% Carrie one.
Even on the Fox poll and they would never admit it but if you went on there a couple hours after the voting started on their poll,
it was like 56 to 44% Carrie one at poll. Even on the right wing Fox we twist all the news poll.
We make sin clear look like a bunch of liberals.
Well you might be interested that some of those sin clear stations are Fox affiliates.
You might just be interested in the British shock.
Yeah.
But they keep changing the story to confiscating, cover it up all of the facts.
That's what they end yet on every issue the Middle East is a nightmare.
You name it.
We had six more American troops die over the weekend.
But forget about these things.
Okay, because here's leadership you can trust.
Right. Here's somebody who is articulate makes a lot of sense.
In fact, who was that one bit?
One moment please.
I got to play this.
Is this it?
Welcome to another hilarious episode of George Bush theater.
They think you're like rain without the mask.
George plays raven man.
Rainer, what were you doing in my room?
I believe.
Rainer, what were you doing in my room?
I don't know.
You don't know what you were doing in my room.
And uh, and uh,
were noises.
Were those noises in any of your business?
You understand that?
I understand now.
Huh?
Put the phone back down.
It's up back like an idiot.
Go to sleep.
Um, go to sleep!
Stay tuned for the next George Bush theater where George plays Forest Gump.
Oh,
Here is annoyed.
Bush makes a hurl.
Can't stay each other.
It's probably us.
Looked with the port.
In every state.
With my bad handshakes.
Maybe that's feeling the belt.
That's not the one I'll find it.
I'm just all whipped up to a frenzy about.
In case you haven't noticed.
That's right.
Well, you know, I've been in the offer a few days.
I've got all this pent up.
Plus that episode with Muff Lindsay this morning.
Totally absolutely unacceptable.
Stay the hell away from this kid.
Okay, sweetheart?
You silly child.
You five six seven oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty on the 18 T and T and for rise in line.
Well, when one person you think is the biggest phony?
We got Rush Limbaugh.
Oh, look at that.
67 votes for the Pilpopper.
How's Wilma doing?
Out of 117.
He's got almost, he's got over half of the votes.
Bill O'Reilly 24.
Pervert.
The Pope's got seven.
All her boys and quarter six.
Miss Madtrude, she's got six.
Kathy Lee Gifford for Lynn Cheney's got a pair.
And Jimmy Swagger's got one.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
Number 17.
Q.A.M.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
Question for you.
Is that the pound five sixty on?
Is that free?
Yeah.
Okay, great.
And for the poll.
Yeah.
Nancy Grace.
Oh, I love that.
Thank you.
That's beautiful.
Okay, that's an excellent choice even from that and a job.
She makes me barf.
Oh, God.
She's always got that sneer on her face and that phone.
He's southern.
Oh, so affected.
Yeah.
Man, oh man.
I'd like to take my foot and stick it with a moon don't shine.
Watch my toe come out the top of her head.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Boy, am I whipped up now or what?
That's great.
And I was so mellow before 821 this morning before that
unacceptable.
If the audience could only have, like, I should have had the tape roll.
You know, next time I'm going to, well, there won't be any next time.
Because the next time that happens, I'm giving up and I'm going to the other room and making some bacon.
I'm just getting out of here.
Seriously, I would just won't, I won't tolerate that kind of like negative kind of like
right before you're going to go on to your after nice week vacation and like,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let us crap on you.
Let us just destroy your day.
Let us put it into as negative a possible frame of mind as we can.
And this is the way of saying thank you for seven years of magnificent service and screw you.
You know, well, back at you.
Have a good day.
Yeah.
WDQM.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
When is this welcome back?
Thank you.
National polls are real waste of time because obviously everybody knows what they have to check lately.
We don't vote as a nation.
We vote the same by state.
So right.
National polls are magnificent waste of time and they're usually justified somehow the contracts run by CNN.
You have to say today, Gallup, whoever else has been right.
You only pull the pay attention to state.
The soggy state by state polls.
Right.
And those polls are pretty close all within the margin of error.
The other thing is that if you remember, if you really want to pay attention to national polls,
four years ago, if you go back and George could probably Google this,
Bush was up between no six and 11 points going into election day on outboard,
depending on which poll you looked at.
And we all know what happened then.
Well, the last day before the election was 48, 45, Bush was three points ahead.
That was the kind of the consensus, but there were other that were higher.
Right.
And that's what actually happened at that.
Right.
And we go on one of the half a million votes.
Half a million votes.
Exactly.
That's what we know on the election.
That we know of because remember the votes never got fully cast.
True.
From that aspect, it's not a big deal.
It's just one of these things that these guys have nothing better to talk about.
And so they go back and forth and back.
Well, no, it's not just that, but it's their way of spinning it and trying to like,
you know, get that bandwagon effect going because they want to be good,
go stepping obedient to Nazis.
Well, that's true.
They're not actually, no, I disagree with you on this.
They're not, they don't have an agenda.
They're lazy.
If not, they have an agenda.
They are lazy.
I know what's happening.
They don't want to go out media.
You see what's happening with the media today.
They do have an agenda.
Well, some do.
I mean, I've been to Fox and those people that were off the charts,
but I'm saying others.
CNN has become Fox Lite.
Right.
It's a great, but I mean, there are some people who are just lazy.
They want stuff handed.
Look who are your national correspondents?
Are there lightweights?
I wouldn't have-
So can you probably-
Tell them like that there until we these things.
Okay, that's a run, Pallee.
Good point.
Thank you.
Plus, I like that echo.
28 past 11 at 560 WQM with all the hurricane mess and September,
Armstrong Ford, a homesteads got to clear out all remaining
O4s to make room for the 2005s.
And you're going to save like never before on all remaining O4s and stock,
ready for immediate delivery of not sooner.
Choose from Ranger, Tundra and F-150 pickups,
Explores and Expeditions, Crown Vicks,
Tourses, focuses and Mustangs too.
Every O4 on the Lodded Armstrong Ford, a homesteads been drastically reduced
and you'll save thousands literally.
Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to its oil customers.
When you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you get their exclusive tires and batteries
for life program that is correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
The value you'll get at Armstrong Ford goes on because right now they'll give you a free
Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you've been wanting a new car but you've been putting it off, wait no more.
David Rich in the staff at Armstrong Ford, a homestead will go out and
tee you the best price.
And don't forget, Armstrong Ford, a homestead is locally owned and operated.
They treat you great like family and you won't get a better deal anywhere in South Florida
than an Armstrong Ford.
No bait and switch, no Fony deals.
Armstrong Ford a homestead, you'll find them at 307.25 South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes
south of the 836 well worth of drive.
Check them on the web at ArmstrongCars.com.
Grab a little and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
You wanna sing to Neil Rogers?
Yes, go to the corner on 560.
At QAM.
We call it in bullies on our homesteads.
We know.
We don't know.
We don't know why I didn't come.
We do not know.
We don't know.
George Bush.
George in about, I get generations.
I get generations.
I get generations.
We don't get fooled again.
The fool is kicking fool again.
Our don't you are, Snicker.
It's not easy.
We call it in bullies on our own.
Get your tickets now.
There's no two ways about it.
It's not easy.
It's not easy.
It was a difficult decision that made the main tie alive.
They decided to get a bikini waxed.
They'd go forget.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
27.25.
That's a great clip we got there on Neil Rogers.
Kampak we got all kinds of good stuff.
I love that ad we got on there.
It's even better than that ad with the Abroad sitting on the bench.
I love the new ads from move on.org in the Democratic National Committee.
It's a beautiful thing.
You got to see it.
You don't have to say anything.
Just show the man.
Oh man.
Just amazing.
Wow.
I just.
I'm the E of D.
But that's a.
And when you look speaking to Slice Guy,
I had a good point.
You look at the, for example, on USA Today,
if you go to their website,
even though it is the Gallup thing again.
And they have the state by state as of the,
they've updated the as of this morning.
It's pretty good.
And they got the state by state polls.
Mm hmm.
And just take a look at the states that are in red.
There were few that are like in light orange that are
undecided to close to callers, including Florida.
But take a look at that.
Oh, look at this.
Who do you think will win on the S&N Gallup,
but not equal?
Bush 56 and Carrie 36.
Not who you four, but who do you think will win?
Let's just keep goose stepping that up there on you idiots there
at the Fox light.
Yeah, keep goose stepping along.
For example, this morning,
they showed about 30 seconds of bush speaking in the West Palm Beach.
And then they showed about five minutes or Carrie speaking in West Palm.
They showed about five minutes of bush making a speech
about the American Olympic athletes, as he said, the athletes.
Fair enough about biased man.
That's where it's at.
Anyway, Christian's urge cracked out on spitting Jews.
Do you have this story?
I saw it, but I did not mention it.
Well, it's important stuff, man.
Well, I don't want to do that.
Good old time religion, baby.
Right.
Christian leaders in Jerusalem of attack,
what they say is the increasingly common phenomenon of spitting
by ultra-orthodox Jews on members of their face.
Oi!
Juicy.
The statement followed a brawl between an orthodox Jewish student
and Armenian archbishop.
That's right.
The two-man clashing Jerusalem's old city after a Yeshua student
spatted across being carried by the clergyman during a procession
nearly holy Sepulchre, they revered side of Jesus crucifixion.
Jesus Christ.
Archbishop Nurhan Manugyan.
Hey.
I wonder if he's related to Armin Katiyan.
Manugyan.
Then slapped the Yeshua student in the ensuing scuffle.
His 17th century ceremony on medallion was broken.
Said, I wouldn't sped on the best party if I could find it.
Both were questioned by police and the Yeshua student is facing charges.
He's been banned from approaching the old city for 75 days.
Good to see that that road map is working real well there.
And the least things are going to real well.
That's another part of the world.
This administration has really got their thumb on it, baby.
They're doing it.
The Armenians have branded the police action in Ezekwitz.
They say this source of things been going on for years.
I don't know what they're upset about.
The Orthodox Jews, they spit on the other Jews too.
Okay.
So what do they worry about?
And in every with Israeli newspaper,
Monday, our spiritual manugyan demanded that Israeli leaders
speak out about the abuse.
When there's an attack against Jews anywhere in a,
a juice anywhere in the world, the Israeli government is in sense.
So why when our religion and pride are hurt,
don't they take harsher measures?
He asked, adding that officials are not interested
when we were humiliated on a daily basis.
Yadi. Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Napagrachian imperatry in our religion is better
near religion and hubbier, what was that?
I don't know.
That was really juicy.
That was beautiful.
Oh, and speaking of that liberal media,
more of the brainwashing of America,
democracy radio, a group of broadcasters,
whose name is developed progressive radio programming,
says that a nationwide survey of talk radio indicates
that nearly 90% of all political talk radio shows in America reflect conservative views
where only 10% of talk is progressive.
And of course that 10% would include Al Franken and what's your name?
Oh, Panther Lampere.
Panther Lampere, yeah.
Democracy Radio conducted the nationwide survey of local and syndicated talk shows compiled
that on the hundreds of programs host and stations that currently exist on the airwaves.
The data concludes that in all of talk radio, there are 3,042 hours of airtime dedicated
and progressive talk compared to the 41,731 hours of conservative talk time per week.
Despite the fact that a majority of all talk radio listeners are not conservative, talk
radio programs that reflect conservative viewpoints continue to dominate the airwaves
at democracy radio executive director Tom Athens.
This means that only one political perspective is being broadcast on airwaves that are entirely
owned by a very diverse American public.
Democracy's underminded Americans are wrong to phone.
One political point of view is being expressed on the air, which simply needs to change.
Is it going to change?
No.
No, does anybody care?
No, nobody do nothing about it except the course for Air America with the tapes of Randy
from the air.
From the air.
Whatever it is.
That's where she works.
She is.
This makes me sick for my stomach.
But again, Parford, of course, Florida Governor Jeb Bush, your fat ass governor, ignored
advice to throw out a flawed felon list voter list before went out to county election offices
despite warnings from state officials according to a public report this weekend.
In a May 4th email obtained by the Sarasota hero Tribune, Florida Department of Law Enforcement
Computer Expert Jeff Long told his boss in the office that a colleague at the Department
of State had told him that yesterday they recommended the governor, they pulled a plug
on the voter database.
The email said state election officials weren't comfortable with the felon matching program
they've got, but added the governor rejected their suggestion to pull the plug so they're
going to live with it this weekend.
Long who is responsible for giving election officials his department's felon database
confirmed the contents of the email on Friday of the hero Tribune, he said he did not
remember the specifics, but that Paul Kraft, the Department of State's top computer expert,
had told him about the meeting with Bush, our fat ass governor.
A software program matched data on felons with voter registration rolls to create the
list of 48,000 names.
Secretariat state Glenda and the Hood jumped to the database in July after admitting that
2500 ex-phones on list had had their voting rights restored.
Most of them, by the way, were Democrats and many of them were black.
Here comes the real chigger in the wood pile.
His Spanish who in Florida mostly vote Republican were almost entirely absent from the list due
to a technical error.
Okay?
Not because there was any hanky panky going on, you want to steal it like that in broad
daylight, like right out in the open.
And you know what?
There's a good chance they're going to do it again.
They're working feverishly on it.
But anyway, don't let me get all whipped up now.
It's only Monday.
Too late.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Muffin.
Just stay the hell away.
Okay, stay very, very, very far away like about 1200 miles sounds good to me.
Twenty-till noon at 560 WQM, you want to know more about following a low-carb diet, which
everybody, I don't care what they try to tell you about.
The fat is over with.
Forget about it.
It's not a fat.
More and more people are doing the low carb thing.
When you go into the supermarket, now you find a whole bunch of stuff, most of which is
garbage, by the way, which is why you want to go into the lights because they've got all
kinds of really great stuff that really is low-carb.
Whether you're starting or we starting the Atkins, Sugar Buster, South Beach, or any
low-carb sugar-free diet.
The lights of West Locust has always been the smart low-carb store to shop in the number
one store in South Florida.
And of course, like I said, you can shop in the local grocery store, but forget about
that because it's pretty limited.
But when you write to the lights, they've got zillions over 1200 great low-carb products,
like carbolite ice cream, breads, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies, and lots more.
The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And the folks there who work at the lights know low-carb dieting inside and out.
The lights is located on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them to the free at 1-877 Low-Carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on the web, it's low-carb.com.
There's only one, but what a great story it is.
The lights of West Booker, your official Atkins retail center.
You're listening to me, you old Neil Rogers.
Exclusively on 560-7AM.
A lollipop little boy.
And now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney.
Today, Dick Diles' celebrity biographer, Kitty Kelly.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Kitty Kelly, please.
Speaking.
I am a skinny. This is Dick Cheney.
Vice President of the United States of America, how are you?
Fine.
That's good.
That's nice.
Is it something I can help you with?
Oh, yes.
Yes.
It's just that I've looked at coming out next week at your own.
Frankly, we question its credibility.
And I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out.
I'm sorry, my son is breaking it.
Did you just ask him not to print the block?
I'm so out to be elected.
Yes.
After George Bush gets reelected, print all you want.
We won't care then.
Why would I want to do that?
Yes.
Hello?
Money growing up.
What?
Why?
Why?
Oh my.
It's your book's early, the terrorist win.
Huh?
You're messing with the president of the United States of America.
Okay, I can hang you up now.
We know where you live, you dumb.
Okay.
That's right.
We'll get your little dog, Toto, too.
Goodbye.
What's wrong with you?
Stop.
Hello?
Hello?
This has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney.
14 to 9 at 5.60.
He sure is one fine upstanding.
I mean, hunting over old man.
All right.
I think that's good.
Wait till you hear this.
This is going to get you really flagellated.
Computer problems reported at some early voting sites.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
Problems were being reported at 9.14 early voting sites in Broward County this morning already.
Okay.
This is the first day of early voting in Florida at already 9.14 early voting sites.
They got serious, baby.
Jacella Salas of the Broward Lessons Office said workers were having problems with a live
database connection that's used to verify that a voter is properly registered.
The site's Salas said that were unaffected where it's satellite offices in Deerfield Beach.
No, I admit, said the sites that were unaffected where it's satellite offices in Deerfield Beach.
Hollywood, Lauderdale, Hill, Pembroke, Pines and Plantation.
All the branch offices reported having problems with the database connection.
Many of the sites had voters lined up to cast their ballots.
Voters at several sites had poll workers told them the problems started 20 to 30 minutes after the early polling stations opened.
830 this morning the station closed at 6.00 p.m. tonight.
In Palm Beach County, the center of the madness during the 2000 presidential recount.
Oi!
A state legislator said she wasn't given a complete absentee ballot when she asked not to use the electronic touch screen machines.
And in Orange County, the touch screen system briefly crashed, paralyzed voting in Orlando and its immediate suburbs.
I'm going to tell you something, baby, we've been had state representative Shelley Van a Democrat,
Lantana was the seventh person in line Monday at Palm Beach County early voting site.
She said the paper absentee ballot she was given was missing one of its two pages, including the proposed amendments to the state constitution.
And by the way, vote yes on Prop 4, don't forget about that.
Yes.
She said election workers were indifferent when she put it out the oversight.
Let me read that last part again.
She said the paper absentee ballot she was given was missing one of its two pages, including the proposed amendments to the state constitution.
She said election workers were indifferent when she pointed out the freaking oversight.
There was absolutely no concern on the part of the folks at the supervisor of election door.
If it's that this page was missing, this is not a good start.
There are you biggest problem.
If there are incomplete ballots out there, I can't imagine I would be the only one getting it.
She said election supervisor Theresa Laporte, not immediately return a call for comment.
If she's smart, she's heading for the hills right now.
She's in some kind of an on mark pickup truck with her shotgun in the back and heading for the hills to reach the you idiot.
You stupid ass bitch.
In Orange County, the computers went down for about ten minutes shortly after the voting begins and Margaret done.
The senior deputy election supervisor, I think done is the word.
She said she didn't know what caused the problem, but speculated they fall to internet connection may have been to blame.
Oh, maybe I can come on down and crawl around on the floor and get a fist like I did for this one.
While Greg was having another one of his temper tantrums.
Texas, Colorado and Arkansas also began casting early ballots today, 15 days before election day.
Other key states this year have already begun in person voting, including Wisconsin, Iowa, Nevada, Ohio, and New Mexico, Pennsylvania and Michigan.
In Palm Beach County, a steady flow of voters cast early ballots, Robin Punches, a stay-at-home mom from West Palm Beach said she came early to vote because she heard it would increase the chance of her vote being accurately counted.
It was her first time using the touchscreen voting machines.
It tells you exactly what to do with any proof she said. Well, that should be good for our audience.
In Dave County, where early voting sites were open later today, about 150 people gathered for a rally led by Reverend Al Sharpton and former US Attorney General Janet Reno speaking a pickup trucks.
Some people were carrying homemade signs that said early voting counts and early vote matters, every vote matters, something like that.
Rosemary Michael 41 said you would cast your first vote in a presidential election when the early voting poll site.
That's what it says here. This is the Sunson line or that does making it. That's what says.
She came to the US from Haiti because the US citizen and she became a US citizen 98 didn't vote in the 2000 election, but she wasn't interested.
Now she's knocking on doors and telling people to vote. I can't imagine who she's voting for. Can you? No, let me guess.
Every vote counts, you said. Early voting was introduced to the Audi Audi, Audi, Audi, but about.
And it goes down about this. Across Florida, Democratic College students camped overnight at election offices to be the first in line this morning.
The state's congressional black caucus is traveling to five cities over four days, but don't they understand they're not allowed to vote?
To emphasize early voting and voter protections, they represent and again in a Delray Beach Democrat is hosting and get out the vote.
BobbeQ Governor, fat ass, Jeff Bush disagrees with the plan to open only one early voting place in downtown Jacksonville to cover all of DuVal County.
And Secretary of State Glenda in the hood earns the county's Saturday to increase accessibility to early voting.
And of course they made sure that they have that one place as far away from the dark neighborhoods as they possibly could.
Of Jacksonville City Attorney has said it's too late to open new sites even though the City Council has committed more money to the idea with a half a million voters DuVal is the state's most populous county with only one site.
Only one location far, far away from you dark folks up there for voters in Palm Beach County. How do you like that?
So now into the 14 of early voting sites already are having service. Not a good sign. Yeah, lovely. Excellent. Okay, let's get back to 70s calls five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Deputy Q a M. Hello.
Back at you. Deputy Q a M. Hello.
Hi, yes, sir. Yeah, it's Neil's buddy in Toronto. Yeah, yeah, Neil. Hi, Neil. How are you? You're in Toronto? Yeah, well listen, Neil, what happened to you?
You did the last night's edition on CBC the world according to Bush. Oh, nice. Forget all about that. Oh boy. I figured you'd have a doozy for your for your audience this morning. Don't got it.
Talk about an agenda by the cable Nazi network. No, it's quite interesting. So we missed you here. Happy that you're back on board. And George did a great job. Well, you were away. Yes, he did. He was sensational. I think I'm thinking he was over the last week.
Another shot this week would be good. Well, you need a vacation. That bad. Yeah, after a after a 21. You're a lot of Florida. You're down for you. You're down for. You're in Toronto. Of course. Oh, okay. You're putting up the Florida for a bunch of mug ones.
So do how wants to be there? There you go. Now I hear that I'm on the air. Okay, great. So Neil, you have yourself a good day. Nice to your back. Okay, take it. Take it. Take care. Okay. And I'll drop a quarter and you're a cap. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Like I just said, WQ a.m. Hello. Q a.m. John Kerry election headquarters. Not there Q a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil. How about Dennis Miller? Oh, I love it.
Excellent. There you go. Only a phone. He's the understanding of the century. Yeah, he switched. He switched big time. Okay. Thanks. He switched big time. Now he's talking about Mr. Rudge again. Wow. So many phoneies and so little time. That's our poll question today. We kind of got away from it because I'm all whipped up into a frenzy here. What well known person? You think is the biggest phoney rush limbaugh 138. Big fat turd. Villa Riley's got the 37 second place. Kathy Lee Gifford 20. Hate that bitch. Jimmy Swagger 15. Miss Matt Rudge.
She's got 13. The Pope 12 and colder 10. Lin Chaney's got six and anti-graces. Only got one and not that we like her, but she's small. That is in this crowd. Nobody watches court TV.
Nobody Q a.m. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm curious. He said, but yes on four and I initially felt the same way too, but just wonder how you feel about
them from the other perspective. I know you're a dog lover and you know that the dog
tracks are known to be somewhat a sure. Sir, sir, some woman called me a few weeks ago with his crab. Let me say it again.
If they want to, if they want to eliminate Greyhound racing, they can work on doing that. Okay. I don't know. You know,
I they have a point. I understand what they're talking about. But why do we want to punish? First of all,
the kids in the education system in the state. Why do we want to punish the, all the other pair of
mutuals because there are people who oppose to the dog tracks that that's a pretty stupid. You know,
if voting against this isn't going to close down the dog tracks. That's a good point. Do you think that our people
really still going to the dog tracks and mass because this is definitely going to bring them back?
All right. Let me ask you this. If you had a chance at going like, let's say, do we, the
Pompano Park or Calder or Gulf Stream place like that, or going to one of the dog tracks, where would you go?
You want to go to play the slots? You know, it's tough. You know, because it's all of you, it's really.
But I guess in a way, in a way, in a way, in a way, this in which this came doesn't even exist anymore.
So how many dog tracks are we talking about? You're talking about Flagler and Palm Beach Calcub. There's only a couple left anyway.
True. Oh, yes, Pali. Don't forget prop four of Oh, yes.
I'm not going to go through all songs about that again. That's just the dog. Yeah, I am a dog lover. Okay.
And I do understand the people about the breeding of the Greyhound and all that other stuff. I've talked about it.
The tradition, huh? It's a different issue. It is a different issue. It's like the pet of people with the same care every time any issue comes along.
They bring in that whole bunch of crap too. I'm surprised they're not on the bandwagon on this. They are.
Dominic, he's speaking about the bandwagon, Kelly. He's on a wagon. Well, he's on tonight at Smokey Bone, seven o'clock.
And he makes an appearance like Monday and Wednesday and every once in a while. Jim Sarni, so that Kelly wouldn't be forgotten.
Right. So last Friday, did you talk about this? No, you didn't just that one line.
He says Thursday night was supposed to be opening night for the Panthers. Remember them? The Panthers? No, who?
The Philadelphia Flyers were coming to town. Steve Goldstein was scheduled cause first hockey game for WQAM.
Instead of being at the Orphus Depot Center on Thursday, Goldie was at the Orange Boulder in the Hurricanes pre-game show as the Hurricanes once again escaped defeat at the hands of another girls team.
Well, it's just amazing how they keep slipping off the hook. Isn't it Josh? Louisville was ranked.
Yeah, I had a hit. They're ranked. He put too many letters at the end of that. They're ranked. Another very marginal team at best.
The ghost of Howard Schmellieberger hangs over Louisville at any rate. The NHLC and how about those dolphins?
All right. Not everybody can be perfect. The papiates are perfect. The jets so far are perfect, which is amazing.
The Eagles are perfect and the dolphins are perfect. Oh, the NHLC, well, I better do the break. They'll get back to the center. We had so many breaks.
We got a lot of breaks. We got some business on the log here. Why is well get it done?
Boy, that thing this morning, I could write a book just about that five minutes or whatever it took ten minutes. I could write a book about it.
Muff, stand out away. Okay. You silly, you silly person. You four minutes till noon at five sixty. WQ way. We've heard me talk about dry concepts on the show for over 20 years.
And nothing has changed because when it comes to having your carpet furniture draper clean, the only people you need to be thinking about is dry concepts. I've been using them in my home for over 20 years too.
Let's face it, your carpet is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs. There's a lot of schmutz in there, even if you don't know what that means.
So called dry concepts today and have them sanitize your home. They've got certified technicians you can trust. They'll dry clean your carpet. Same idea as dry clean your clothing and the stains go away and don't come back.
Now, beware those 595-per-room scams because I guarantee you no rip offs when you do business with dry concepts. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job. And dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are drying just an hour and a half. You really can clean today and entertain tonight.
So whether it's your carpeting your area rugs, your annual rugs, your draper, all of these things. These are the folks you want to trust.
Invade, Broward and Palm Beach column tool free at 1-800-248-5071 on the web at www.stryconcepts.com or column at 1-800-248-5071.
Dry concepts making carpets clean in South Florida since 1979.
You are listening to Neil Roger's exclusive link on 5-6-6-5-4-5.
Mr. King, I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Roger's 12th of one hour.
American girls, an American guy who only listen to the message from the Uber ride will have their tables hog flying.
As the troops come home dead, they find the comfort of the night hiding under the bed.
I never served in armament, I'm too afraid to fight. So I sit right here near the TV far from Liverpool.
I, under their covers, you'll discover I'm a big city. There would prefer to have some other do the fighting for me.
Now this country I love is hockey, fine and all right. And all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bread and the fact have our tongues all placed firmly.
In Bush's big brown eye, the big mouth towers of the world who gladly follow fly.
Hey Uncle Sam, up to a grade, to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist and my flag will fly from the back of my truck.
Knocked in idiotic pseudo patrioticism.
And my view of the old ride world is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior, you know it's better than you.
I'm an inbred jerk who parrots anything they say don't have to read or research it's so much easier this way.
If you watch TV or looking pictures, you wish it today with my I made just apple tight as I tickle my brain.
And Uncle Sam, up to a grade, to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist as I throw my flag so I can pull on my back.
The strongest I've ever been proud to show the swatz the cook that killed on my back.
That's my right.
The solids are our best friends in the world, not those Iraqis or Jews.
I am an armchair warrior who knows better than you.
Anyway, it's a 12.0456WDQ way and here's a couple of good faces for a poll today.
Are you sure how do you like that claims to be a Democrat, right?
But it says in the fact sure also speaking of Phil, how about Dr. Phil, right?
Absolutely.
Good choice. He might I think he might be the winner.
He might edge out the pill pop and rush. We'll see.
Get them both on their please. They love rush.
Well, maybe you've got some in your back pocket there.
If you don't, I know somebody to building you probably does.
Anyway, Miss Sarni says that the Sun Central Friday, the NHL season is on ice in the hot air.
The hockey broadcast booth is dark.
Not too many of the voters are going to be allowed to be dark, but the hockey booth, the broadcast booth is dark.
It's more disappointing than anything said, Gildi, who was named to succeed.
The legendary Jigs MacDonald, who retired at the end of last season.
But I'm still confident that there will be hockey this season said, Gildi.
I don't think the players might have given away a whole season and know the league needs an economic chain.
Right. Goldie remains busy working for the Panthers and doing talk shows at WQM,
where he could be heard Monday and Wednesday nights and Saturday mornings.
Goldie boosters a line up that needs as many familiar voices as it can get in its battle with ESPN radio, Waxi 790 AM.
How do you like that? That's what Miss Sarni says.
Gildi says, I'm enjoying doing the shows by myself.
This is one of the great paragraphs in the history of broadcast journalism.
I enjoy doing the shows by myself said, Gildi, who was teamed with Howard David in a poorly conceived morning show.
Absolutely.
Before Howard Stern vanished AM Sports at WQM.
You get the real diehard fans at night. They're more knowledgeable than the Cancel fans of Qatar anymore.
And they talk about anything. Right.
They're much at drugs who are up at night. Of course, who have no life.
I mean, who else listening to radio at night anymore?
Let's see. Here's a fact that goes on from Carol. Welcome back.
Get Howard there to go off the earth. 10 no chance.
Well, he's only going to be on another 15 months anyway.
And then the whole thing's going to blow up in great space again. Like it always does.
You know, well, nice try one more time.
Try to put those pieces of the puzzle back together again.
Anyway, here's a thing an article about without a doubt.
And but all Madonna and JLo for the poll, both of them.
Right.
Let's see. If you haven't read it, read it and link it in your website.
Ron Suskind called without a doubt New York Times October 17,
which would have been yesterday.
Last time I checked your website won't come up on MSN.
I'm a dealer listener. So stuck with listening on the way today.
Is anyone else reported this is a problem?
Get your cracker jack staff working on it.
If so, our website won't come up on MSN.
What's that all about? I don't know.
MSN is kind of insidious. You know, it's Microsoft's own.
Right. I know what it is. Yeah. Well, I don't like crap.
At any rate, that's what she says. And of course, you don't fix me the article.
So I don't have it. I don't have the article.
Oh, she said she wasn't going to fax it, which we thank her for that.
Oh, because it's too long. Well, if I have time, I can't do it in the middle of the show.
She reminds me of my financial guy that keeps emailing me in the middle of my show,
expecting me like drop everything and email him and call him about nothing just to say,
Oh, I got this. I got that.
I got services. What I got? Baby, I work for Q.A.M.
And that's what I got. I got Sures.
Anyway, would you please discuss amendment three on the floor to about the proponents are doctors
and opponents are lawyers? I don't know which group of professional parasites, thieves, and liars to believe things.
I don't even know what that says. How am I going to discuss it? I don't know what it's all about.
Do you know proposition three?
Oh, the medical thing. Yeah, I know what it's about.
What was that about limit? That's about limiting lawsuits.
Right. Law suits. Now practice suits.
Vote no.
Vote absolutely no on that.
Okay.
As much as we dislike lawyers, we dislike butchered doctors a thousand times more because most lawyers aren't hazardous to your health.
They're hazardous to your pocketbook, but they're not hazardous to your health as opposed to the butchered doctors,
which is about I would say 90% of the people call themselves doctors in South Florida.
They want to put your blanket settlement for any time they can.
Right. That's right. Here's a check for a grand. There you go.
Shut up.
And by the way, how's what's your name doing with a tube in her than her thing?
Tube of what?
To the paste.
In four miles today, Edwards accuses Bush of explicit.
Yeah, and when you're off for five days like that, you got so much to catch up on.
See, that's like a little submittal thing to Reese Hines, Kerry Singh.
Another little thing there for the a carry campaign. It's sublimable.
The opinion about the debates. A lot of them didn't watch.
They watched. They didn't pay great deal of attention. They didn't really make up their minds.
And among those people, that constituency, which really wasn't moved one way or the other by the debates,
Bush has a two to one lead. My guess is these are people who are making up their mind very late as the campaign draws to a close.
And it appears that again, the terrorism issue is the foremost issue for those voters.
Right. That's why he's doing such a great job. Like I said, against biochemical attacks.
We can't even we can't even take care of the people in the country who need their influenza shots.
Their flu shots. And this guy is going to protect you against a biological or chemical attack.
Who the hell are you? Kid and man. Talk about stupid.
And you know, I was I've been pondering this in my mind for several weeks and I haven't said it on the year, but I really believe this.
Although they might still pull out that October surprise sometime in the next two weeks and say, hey, guess what?
We just got Osama. Here he is. And meantime, they might have had him locked away for like months for all we know.
I don't think they want to get him. No, I don't.
I think there's a deal between Bush and right off the back, there was a deal between Bush and the Saudis that we don't want to get him.
So you know, carry in Edwards. Keep bringing up about we had him cornered in the mountains of Torabora.
And we did this. We we outsourced the job to the warlords instead of using our best military to go get him.
I don't think they want to get him.
Capiche, I understand.
Because that will be bad for business. Show now.
Anyway, Senator John Edwards accused President Bush today of exploiting a national tragedy for personal gain in a blistering speech in Ford Myers,
proceeding Bush's own address about terrorism in the state in the shadow of the 9-11 attacks.
George Bush today is making one last stand to Connie where can people into believing that he's the only one who can fight and win the war in terrorism.
Edwards said John carried offended this country as a young man. He'll defend the country as president of the West,
which we've heard that how many times this week.
On a day that promised to be dominated by talk of terrorism in North Carolina,
Senator sought to put Bush on the defensive as the president headed into what his aides called a major speech on terrorism and southern New Jersey.
Edwards, speaking at a seaside park in this battleground state argued that Bush claimed steady leadership would offer a steady stream of failure.
He accused the president of creating a new haven for terrorists and assailed them for failing to capture the mastermind of the attacks.
They just aforementioned Osama Yamamabin Laden.
He'll fail in the war against terrorists because he doesn't know how to leave Edward said a Bush.
Accusing the president of using scare tactics Edwards charged George Bush is playing on people's deepest fears.
He's exploiting the national tragedy for personal gain and the lowest kind of politics.
Oh, here's another good one, Fony. This is an excellent choice for our pool.
Condoleezza. Let's play the original one today. That was a lot of problems.
Right? Yeah.
That would eliminate all of this bickering back and forth between two overgrown children, more than me in the middle.
It says I would like to nominate Condoleezza, the biggest Fony around her credentials are celebratory at best.
She's possibly the biggest token ever. She has absolutely no credibility.
Absolutely.
Taking a consideration at her greatest ambition is to one day become commissioner of the national football league.
Well, she's going to have to get her teeth fixed first. I'll tell you that right now.
Get to bitch.
Oh, that's doctor rice. N eagle. That's doctor rice.
Oh, sorry. What did I just get you say about doctors?
Okay, what well known person you think is the biggest Fony we got a few votes.
What do we got? 320.
Rice, 1, 172.
Bill O'Reilly 44.
Kathy Lee Giver 27.
Jimmy Swagger 22.
The Pope 17.
Missed Roger 15 and colder 12. Linch and he's got seven. Dennis Miller is got two.
Dr. Phil one. Antigracist got one. And the other ones so far got the big old.
Condoleezza just went on there. J. Lo and Madonna have got the big.
Oh, you want to know why? Why? Small theaters.
Roger's mornings and midday.
They asked the sports around the clock to fight.
Holy and the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
What the hell on access Hollywood?
George, the new kitty Kelly book. It makes you and your family would have you read it yet?
We read. Oh, that's right. I forgot you can't read.
There there there. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu.
Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu. Abu.
It's a lot of action. You know, Bill, you should really learn how to read.
Basically, I can't learn.
You know how he says, Billy should learn how to read. Yeah.
Notice that little slip there at the end. What the hell is that all about? I don't know. Play it again.
I'm going to play that a million times. 12, 16 at 5, 16 WQM. We got the mad dog at 2.
I'm sure I'll be waxing enthusiastic about that great dolphin game yesterday.
Oh, right. Buffalo. No last point. I was pathetic. That was tragic. God.
And then we got the Humphrey Ford. Gildey, who's getting all that publicity from his good,
bunk, bunk, buddy Jim Surney at seven o'clock at Smokey Bones tonight. Any K at 10 tonight.
We'll be talking about the dog track. He's probably the last guy in town that talks about the highlight and the dog track, right?
Right. How many people go there now? Those places. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines. WQM. Hello.
Q, A, N.
I guess what also speaking of a miss little miss Muffet. I had an email on Friday from Little Miss Muffet.
I guess about what? I don't know. C span wanted to come in. Oh, yeah, yeah. That's right.
He mentioned something about that. Yeah, C span wanted to come in and like, you know,
tape the show and listen to the calls and hear the, I said, here's the short answer. No. No.
No, which letter didn't you understand? The enter the, no. Huh?
No. Right. No chance. WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. I got one for you. Yeah. Junior say.
This team is out for some kind of vengeance.
I'll be putting Junior on there for crying out loud. He's playing well. Him and Zach Thomas and Jason
Tabor. They're playing well the rest of the theme song. That's the honey, Junior. Yeah.
Junior say, I'll get out of here. Will you? How's that one state error coming along? Is that is good as the road map?
It's the ones that error. I ride the ones that error. Not bad. There's your article for tomorrow, Dave Hyde.
WQM. Hello. What for your poll, Larry King? Oh, I like that a lot. Thank you so much.
Uh-huh. So how much of this article do you want? Cause Carol. I don't want any of great 10 pages. How many? How can I do that?
11 pages now. But if you send me the, just send me the first page and then I can look it up. It's in yesterday's times, right?
Yes. I can look it up and I can prove it and I can, we can link it. It's on its way. We can stick it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The most, uh, the biggest phony on the face of the globe. That's our poll question today. Rush. I don't know.
I think Dr. Phil may catch him though. You might be surprised. He's going to make a big movement. He's smelling like a dog.
WQM. Hello. The gym sorry. Really right? Steve Goldstein's on the QA. I'm line up the booth line up.
That's what Jim Shawnee wrote. That's not a good sign.
The bulls are, you know, he didn't say bolster. He said the bulger line up as in the
bulls or the assassin. Yeah. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, me. How are you? Okay. Good. What's really more aggravating than listening to these people talk about the polls and everything else is hearing people around you.
I got a guy who works with me. University of Miami graduate on a lot of being so forth saying he's going to vote for Bush because he's easier to contradict.
Oh, that's great. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it said you were in graduate. What do you expect? Oh, well, that speaks for itself.
And more howard day was pretty good day to he was just about kissing a wants to say he liked them so much, so much, so much.
Well, he's just both leaps out. Are you serious? How do you like that? I can't believe that. Did he say that? Was he stuck it up to the wants that he's going to like wants that? How are the jetspan?
Well, that's right. And who could do better for the jets than the day wants that? Hey, Dave, you're not fooling anybody.
Okay, you're useless. You're hopeless. You're pathetic. You're tragic. You an embarrassment. You're mainly in your team blows.
Okay. They couldn't beat a girls team. And it goes to show you how desperate that came was yesterday. Did you notice Josh that both teams had fourth?
I mean, first and goal on a one yard line. Yeah. Somebody had to win. And huh? Somebody had to win.
But neither team could stick it in the end zone from first and goal on a one yard line. And neither team could stick it in there.
That's not how you like that. If you can't stick it in there, man, you just, well, what can I say? Not much anymore.
Ron Suskind. So here's that article. Should I read the first paragraph? Please. Bruce Bartlett. Because you only sent me to first page.
So I would like to tell off anyway, but the teaser. Bruce Bartlett, a domestic policy advisor, Ronald Reagan and Treasury official for the first president.
Bush told me recently that if Bush wins, there will be a civil war in the Republican Party starting in November 3rd.
The nature of that conflict is Bartlett's. He's essentially the same as the one raging across much of the world, a battle between modernist and fundamentalist, pragmatist and true believers, reason and religion.
Justin, the past few months, Bartlett said, I think a light is going off for people who have spent time up close to Bush.
But this instinct he's always talking about is this sort of weird, Messianic idea of what he thinks God is told him to do.
Bartlett, a 53-year-old columnist and self-described libertarian Republican who's lately been a champion for traditional Republicans consured about Bush's governance went on to say,
this is why George W. Bush is so clear-eyed about Al Qaeda and the Islamic fundamentalist enemy. He believes he have to kill them all.
They can't be persuaded. They were extremists driven by a dark vision. He understands them because he's just like them.
Oh, it's bigger than that. That's all I'm going to read that. I want more.
Check that out. Huh? I want more of that.
No, no, but listen. You notice how Al Zarqawi now has joined up over the weekend.
Yeah. He now he's become one of them. Now he's Al Qaeda.
Sure. He was his own lunatic before. He's the one responsible for the kidnappings and the beheadings.
But now all of a sudden he's with Al Qaeda because we're against him. So he's against us.
People who are enemies are now getting together. Right. Against us.
That's right. So in other words, if we're somebody else's enemy, then we're going to be everybody's enemy.
Because either you're with us or against us and come to find out we got all these people against us.
What a surprise. Well, guess what?
In a break with relation, they tampered tribute a Republican standard bearer for decades.
The Tampa Tribune refused yesterday to endorse either candidate for president for the first time since 1964 when they told very goldwater get lost.
Remember that? I do. I do. Oh, you don't.
The Tribune became the second COP oriented daily to block an endorsing the Republican incumbent.
The Winston Salem Journal also refused to endorse either candidate.
The Tribune solidly reported every Republican presidential nominee since 52 except for goldwater.
But with hell that's endorsement this year calling the decision achingly difficult and blaming shortcomings of both candidates.
Edders instead published an unusual full-page editorial with harsh criticism of the war in Iraq and president Bush's economic policies.
President Bush told us that he was a united out of the divider but shortly after taking office his administration took a sharp right turn that's divided this country.
The editorial said the newspaper said it was deeply the deal. Yes, sir.
Hey, being in the advertising and marketing thing, I really enjoy the Greg Reed show over the last few years.
It's really been fun to listen to him do whatever he does there.
I want to ask you think you know, the morning guy will finish out his contract or leading the whole,
he'll end up booting him off for a while before.
I mentioned that to George this morning because there's a lot of stuff I've been reading when I was on vacation this last week.
I've been reading tons of stuff about the possibility that an affinity might want to cut you know kind of cut him loose because all he I mean I don't listen to a show but all he didn't really know.
There's no way out of that for them.
I think it's that they know in situation in order to actually always think and do is try to hurt him by putting him off the air and hopefully lose leadership.
Before I go, I want to ask you something. You play the mobile for the other stations.
You played it a while ago when he first did it. I've been in marketing. I really enjoyed that.
Okay, I'll find it. Thanks a lot.
Thanks.
Now, that was where the hell is that?
Oh, you know, something we remember we had to take that out.
Oh, that's right. We had to get rid of it.
We were required, not requested. We were required to move back from the DCS. I don't have it.
I thought it was funny as hell.
Sure. Absolutely.
But these people are everything is uptight and whatever mood this one is in today and the website of the bed this one got up on and who was on the other side of it at the time.
All of a sudden, bullcrab.
Like I said, we work for a bunch of emotional cripples for a bunch of little crazy people.
And I attend. I'm going to be here every day when I'm supposed to be just like clockwork, collect the nose checks and that's it for the next two years and two months.
And that's it, baby. I must have been a crazy person. I must have been losing my mind to think that I want to subject myself to these.
Not jobs for another two years. Who the hell needs it?
If this audience, if I am not going to take the time, it's too personal. I'm not going to bore with all the details.
But if you had any idea of the way these people conduct business and I do mean monkey business, you just shake your head and say, this is a business. This is a place of business.
No.
Because this station isn't about you people. It's not about our sponsors. It's not about even making money. This station is all about Greg. That's all it's all about.
There's nothing else that counts. How he feels today. What kind of a mood he's in? Is he pissed off? Is he taking us the wrong way? Did he like the tone of this show or that show? That's what it's all about.
And quite frankly, who the hell needs that? And then of course he's got his buffers. He's got the intermediaries. He's got the people, the messenger boy and the messenger girl, the water Nazi. I'll, he's got the silly people. I'll pass on that.
27 past known at 560 W. Q. M. He don't pass on great shoes and deals at Brandeys and Pompat obiach because for a long, long time now Brandeys has been legendary when it comes to fitting up with the best in Brandeys shoes. It unbeatable prices too and top quality service. In fact, at Brandeys, they may have been recognized by the smellier feet.
All the top quality names in a business are waiting for you like rock ports, floor shim, SAS, spirit, timberland, naturalizer and all the others too. And people generally buy several pair of these visits because they can save so much cash. Brandeys is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9am to 9pm every Sunday, 10 to 5 and you'll find Brandeys at 12.90 North Federal Highway in Pompat obiach. It's always worth a trip from anywhere you might be. And right now it's a great time to get a great deal of Brandeys because this week take 50% off on all red tag men's and women's famous brands throughout the store.
50% so come in or visit our website Brandeys shoes.com. You can't be them with a sport.
It's exclusive.
They were Nelson.
Did you know we come from a showbiz family? Matthew and Gunner Nelson were the children of Ricky Nelson, a 50s rock and roll star who himself was the son of a famous TV father.
Oh, the dog fell on the carpet.
Not Ozzy Osborn. Who does our freaking research around here?
Sorry.
The thing about being twins is that we have a psychic sense of what the others feeling. And when we had a hit song, we both had this premonition that very soon we would go right into the toilet and never be heard from again.
Man, twins share so much. Like really sucking.
It's a big juicy, sobbing wet look at show business tonight.
On inside the mind.
Prop 32 now back in the day. I might have had some response for that, but I guess we probably better not. Anyway, here's a fact from Chip who says.
Looking at the results of your pool. I think people generally don't get what a phony is. We better understand the enemy who expect to win this war slash election.
A propaganda like limbo is no phony. He really believes all the bolshmities. He's on the air every day. And there are many just like him that should put the fear of God or whatever you believe in in you.
Just think and cultured that bitch or Sean Hannity. How come he's not on the pool? He is there. Oh, the real phony on your list is that two face son of a bitch Dennis Miller.
Chip. What do you really think, Chip? Man, just come down a little bit. Okay, two weeks from the rise, the election.
We got the voting going on the early voting in Florida today and the computers are all screwed up and they're having all kinds of problems and it's nightmare.
Anybody really think their vote is going to count? No, I'll give it a shot anyway. I'm like I've told you before vote several times just to make sure that one of them might get counted.
Right? Right. Road it. Vote early. Vote absentee and then show up on the second. Right. Early and often if you're for carry, if your Bush stay home, he's got to lay. Yeah, you know, look at the polls.
Yeah, he's got it locked anyway on your Bush people. This day, I'm going to church. Just follow your rosary beads and your bibles and all your crucifix. All that crap.
The national security advisor under the first president, Bush says the current president active contemptuously toward NATO and Europe after 9-11 and is trying to cooperate now out of desperation to rescue a failing venture in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Brett Skokrop, the mentor to the current national security advisor, Condoleezer Rice, that's Dr. Rice, also said in an interview published in England and Bush is inordinately influenced by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Shao Roen.
Oi! Shiroon just has been wrapped around his little fingers, Skokrop told London's Financial Times. I think the president is mesmerized. Maybe he's bringing him some good deli.
Skokrop said the Bush administration's unilateralist position was partly responsible for the post 9-11 decline of the transatlantic relationship. It's in general bad, he said, not really hostile, but there's an edge to it.
Early on, he said we'd gotten contentious of Europeans in their weaknesses. We had really turned unilateral. Although slightly diminished since then, the unilateralist policies remained fundamentally little change, Skokrop said.
Recent overtures to cooperate in Afghanistan and Iraq with the UN and NATO was as much of an act of desperation as anything else to rescue a failing venture.
On Israel and Shiroon, the former security advisor said, Shiroon calls Bush after strongly retaliating for a Palestinian suicide attack and says, I'm on the front line of terrorism and the president says, yes you are.
Skokrop said, Shiroon has been nothing but trouble, a big fat pile of right-wing trouble. And he is...
No, it's taken people who are calls and I want to get into these endorsements. I'm going to read them.
Good. The Harold endorses Kerry, the Sun-Sentinel endorses Kerry, the Atlanta Journal Constitution, I'm not going to read that one, but the endorse-caring, the Palm Beach Post-Indorse John Kerry, and even the Tampa Tribune didn't endorse anybody and had a scathing renunciation of the four years of the Bushmeister on their paper over the weekend.
The Tampa Tribune, as right-wing is it gets, the Chicago Tribune, of course, endorse Bush because what do you expect along with a couple of other fascist newspapers?
Who do you think the New York Post is going to endorse? That's a tough one.
Oh, look at this, a goofball.
Maybe you should be proud of it, but my president Bush is proud to be a conservative.
Now they're right-wing self-hating schwarzschilder, man, unbelievable.
Anyway, let's take some calls.
It's WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, is this Neil? Sounds like me. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Good.
How come they once, that's not on the phone. You're kind of a phony coach, right? WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, Neil? Yes, sir.
Hey, great to have you back. I got one for your poll. Yes, sir. Go ahead. And that would be Tucker Carlson.
Oh, I love it. He's an idiot. You know who John Stewart from the Daily Show, did you see about that or see the clips of it?
I've been seeing not about that one, but I think about that one. On Crossfire Friday, he ripped him and Paul Vagallon ass.
Oh, it was great. Send the show as nothing but show business and it's phony and it's a bunch of crap in the kiss everybody's ass. It was fantastic.
Just about flipped his bow tie right off, Tucker Carlson. So put it on here, okay? Piece of crap. Piece of turd.
It's been good lately that Daily Show. I thought you were going to say Crossfire. Oh, no, no. I mean, we were losing. I never used to like the Daily Show.
I'm really bad Schmidt until this political thing. Let's see. Here's one for the poll. George W. Now he's not funny. He's exactly what you see. We're not putting him on there. He's exactly what you see is what you get.
Well, they invented that expression. What you see is what you get. They must have had him in mind it. You see? Or maybe they had the thing in mind.
Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Yeah, I love happy to meet you speaking. Neil. Yes, sir. I got a poll for your nominee for your poll. Yeah, you heard that before. Yes, I am.
Mori Povage. Mori Povage. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Murray Murray. Okay. Murray. Murray. Povage. Okay. You got it, man. Murray Povage. I wonder if he's kind of Murray decay or maybe Brian Murray. They don't speak like that. They're spoken.
Never. They're spoken. Bramory. Yes. You don't speak like that. Okay. Mori Povage. Yeah, you read about that. The crippled children. Yeah. Well, and it was that just before he does the show with the doors. Oh, that's a Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I got a Wayne Hines finger for your poll. Wayne, Hines finger. Yeah. And then how come nobody? How come it's nobody has been fired yet? Aren't you amazed that nobody in the organization has gotten canned yet? Well, I'll tell you what, you know, it's a good thing when a fixed game.
It's a good thing that the dolphins have had a rock solid drafts in the last couple of years because it's right. That's right. I got a shot, man.
Okay, you got a pound of Wayne Hines. In good. Got him. Got a phone. He. He was a phone for a while. I think today he stopped being phony was in 97 after the Marlins won the World Series for the first time.
And he said, Oh, I don't care about the fans. I'm in it for the money. Remember that. You're going to break on the team and you got to build me a stadium and you got to do this and got a, got a, got a, got a, and should have sure to, sure. And to me, time go to hell. Wayne. Okay. We don't like you. We can't stand you. And what you're putting on the field every Sunday.
Man is an embarrassment. It's humiliating indeed. Grading. It's perfect. Oh, perfect crap is what it is. Kind of like our governor and our president, perfect crap. Well, that fat ass governor, man. He really frost my ass. You know what?
But let me say it again. Since it is early voting in Florida. There are people voting right now. As I speak, the people of Florida put his ass in there again in the rest of the two.
So stop and think about that. That's what convinced you be on the shadow of a doubt plus all these early voting irregularities that you ought to be voting 40, 50, at least 60 times.
You're making me your Rogers.
It's closing. On 560, 60, Q. A.M.
Break, H.U. Are you ready for some football? Then tune in to ESPN.
And he hits the hole right after Jeffy opens it up. Oh, yeah. ESPN.
That's a fact that there are third cowboys, bears, bikers, packers. You'll get them all on ESPN.
He's going to fire into his guy right here. He'll go sweat. Of course, you push, you push, you pour it.
You smell the passion. You just rode him backward. You put him right on his back.
This ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL on ESPN game.
And then everyone's trying to flop it around down there and run and it's grown. You know, you get mud and stuff flying.
It's game battles and scrum that's quite fire. ESPN game where there's never a wardrobe malfunction.
I don't know where that one came from. Sundays will never be the same.
That looks like it'd be a real glass shot out of the Roman candle and call your cable operator now and demand ESPN game.
Put that big old boy up. What a real good ESPN game. Now that's a mouthful.
Rack them up 45 at 560 WQM. I think I'm getting a sore throat. Oh, no.
How do you like that? I can't tell promising. No, no.
465 votes. Well, well known person. You think is the biggest phony we asked today.
Rush Limbaw 220. Nobody's going to touch Russian. What a horrible thought that is anyway.
Bill O'Reilly 56, Jimmy Swagger 35, Kathy Lee Gifford 31, the Pope Scott 20, altar boys.
Dr. Phil 19, Mr. Rudd 16 and quarter 13. Condoleez is moving up. She's got 11.
That's Dr. Rice. J. L. O'Neill, Dennis Miller 9, Lynn Cheney 8. Madonna's got 7.
Phil Henry's got 6. He just went on a little bit. It goes already starting to climb. Larry King 2 way in Heizard goes got 1.
Sean Hannity 1, Nancy Grace 1 and Marm. Murray Pobbich and Tucker Carlson went on just they have the big.
They don't have a new yet. They will. So anyway, the Ron Susskind article without a doubt from yesterday's New York Times magazine,
which is why it was. It's an Eric's hands of Brad. So it'll be on our website sometime very soon. I'm sure I'm sure any moment now,
because it's the kind of thing Eric does to make it you know, sucker around a little bit.
Make it seem like he's right on top of things, right? Byron William writes bogus pulls mask landslide into making.
Oh, if this were only true, was on our website this weekend. He says conventional wisdom suggests this year's
presidential election will be close practically every pull taken as the race within the margin of error.
At the risk of looking like a fool, he says I'm prepared to respectfully disagree with conventional wisdom to offer the following contrary and perspective.
This election will not be close before you sit down to your computer to begin your Williams of you lost your mind, Grant.
Hear me out. I've reached this conclusion for two reasons. My first reason is shaped by what the polls can't see.
When I was in Philadelphia last week, the Philadelphia and Quarranister in the local section that had rest increased voter registration,
the final day of registration in Pennsylvania and New Jersey last week brought huge crowds to registration offices.
As a September, Philadelphia received 119,000 applications for me, their new voters, or those who had moved or had been stricken from the roles.
With some 60,000 applications arriving on the final day, it is possible the city's volume this year could break the record of 293 applications set in the tension field mayor,
O'Recybe 83, between Wilson Good and Frank Rizzo.
This kind of increased voter registration is replicated in particular in a majority of the battleground states.
According to the New York Times, voter registration campaigns and heavily democratic areas have added tens of thousands of new voters to the roles in swing states of Ohio and Florida,
a surge that far exceeds the efforts of Republicans in both states.
The amylization by the times of County by County data shows that in democratic areas of Ohio, especially low income and minority neighborhoods,
New registration since January of 250% over the same period in 2000.
In comparison, New registration has increased just 25% in Republican areas, a similar pattern is apparent in Florida.
In the strongest democratic areas, the pace of new registration is 60% higher than four years ago, while it's risen just 12% in the heaviest Republican areas.
Project votes is its registered 147,000 new voters in Ohio.
Americans coming together said that together with the allied groups that are part of America votes, it's registered 300,000 new voters.
In New Mexico, the Secretary of State's Office reports that since May, voter registration has jumped from approximately 958,000 to a little more than a million possibly all new registrants.
Those younger than 30, who are increasingly concerned about a potential draft are also registering in increased numbers.
These new registrants are not considered in most polling.
A growing number of young people use cell phones as their primary phone number.
This further diminishes the possibility that their support for either candidate would be reflected in the polling data, there's the greatest unknown in this election.
My second reason is if history is any barometer is that when incumbent president seek reelection it's a referendum on the previous four years, since 1932, 11 incumbent presidents have sought reelection with a possible exception to 48 and 76, none of the races have even been close.
When we want to keep a president we keep him, Roosevelt, Eisenhower, Johnson, Nixon, Reagan and Clinton are prime examples, likewise when we want him out, he's out, Hoover, Carter and Bush 41.
More and more this race is shaping up like 1980, that race stayed close until the last few weeks when voters found a comfort level, within challenger Ronald Reagan that allowed them to out-present Carter.
It's difficult for me to believe the races as close as the polls indicate, especially with everyone who considers that 56% of the electorate feels the cutters head in the wrong direction, moreover it's been 16 months since 50% felt we were headed in the right direction.
I don't believe we'll be in court discussing hanging, dimpled, or pregnant chads on November 30th.
Well, we can only pray for that, right? I'll say if I click it. Right. Only cross our legs and rub them together like a grasshopper and pray like hell.
567, 0560, 0560, any Verizon and singular wireless line? WQAM, hello.
Greetings. Yes sir. I'm a lot of joy to go. I enjoyed that. Listen, your poll, there's a glaring omission. I can't believe no one's mentioned this.
Oh, yeah. That's a queen of plastic super-filius crap. Right. I mean, I can't believe. But back to your article that says so much it's true with the cell phones and the do not call it and all that.
The polling this year is almost worthless. And among the younger voters, by the way, 18 to 29 carries way to hell ahead.
Right. And, you know, again, I'll say it. Any adult who has children who vote for Bush, your children's blood is going to be on your hands.
Amen. In fact, anybody that all votes for Bush, they got blood over dead Americans and Iraqis right now on their hands.
On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked. You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again.
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true. Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members get a brand new liver.
Everybody just a little. Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members get a brand new uvula.
Everybody just a brand new and you will. Everybody just a brand new. The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody just a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody just a three-foot helper monkey.
The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm.
Everybody just a breast in the nose. Everybody just a breast in the nose.
Oprah giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for it even though she could easily afford to. And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets stedmed.
Everybody just stedmed. Everybody just stedmed.
How could we possibly forget Oprah? Yeah. Thanks a lot, Pally. A glimmering omission on our part when you said it.
Pro 52 at 560 WQA. I think I'm making a comeback. You don't want to know why I'm drinking fresca. There you go.
You like fresca? It's alright. It's a fruity sign. But they wouldn't find it around here. I mean, it's there. You just gotta look. Yeah. And you're right. It's not easy to find.
Anyway, the Atlanta Journal Constitution and Atlanta Jojo endorses John Kerry.
Oh, right. After running through many of Bush's shortcomings, the newspaper said that Kerry offered a different kind of leadership,
one informed both by the candidates own interest in the world around him, as well as the competent people he's surrounded himself with.
I'm not going to read the whole thing as it goes on forever. It says Bush has shown a lack of flexibility, competence,
while challenge your looks for policies that will work. What a what a novel concept.
But I'm not going to read that one, but I will read these.
I'm a Harold. The Harold recommends for US president yesterday, October 17. I read this. I just about pooped in my pants.
The Harold, which is usually so busy, although I think they endorsed Gore in the 2000. I'm really sure I do believe maybe you want to research that.
Okay. I don't know. I think they endorsed Gore, but then again, I'm not sure.
This is what they said Saturday or yesterday, forced to confront a surprise attack on the homeland three years ago.
President Bush wrote to the challenge. He deserves credit for holding the nation together in a moment of great peril.
But the president who came to office as a compassionate conservative has often displayed a narrow partisan.
Our market system rewards efficiency and financial performance, but doesn't seem to reward growth and job creation.
Our government has failed to counteract that trend. And as the world becomes more global and free trade, trade, trade sold, this will become an ever more important issue for the US.
The debates have placed a spotlight on the skills and abilities of the two contenders with the president getting the worst of it.
In the three debates, Senator Kerry managed to erase the cartoon image of himself painted by the Republican spin machine.
Mr. Kerry's sensible approach to the budget would be to reinstit the pages you go rules that require offsetting cuts or revenue to match new spending.
He would eliminate tax cuts in the highest brackets. But it's in the international area that we believe Senator Kerry can most effectively lead our country at this time.
The Senator's approach, some of that, and Mr. Bush's father, seeks to engage the world through diplomacy rather than place the US in a more competitive path that isolates us from traditional friends and allies.
His 19 years on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee have given him an experience in a national security and foreign affairs, including Latin America where afraid relationship needs attention.
He supports NAFTA and FTA and considers Miami the regionals keep an ancels center.
A promise to support the renegotiate free trade agreement, such as the pending Central America Court in order to obtain a better deal for dislocated workers, is a practical approach that could get this stall planned through a hesitant Congress.
As with every president for half a century, Israel will be an overriding foreign policy concern for the winner of the election.
President Bush has been an un-stinting supporter of Prime Minister Ariel Seroan, but unfortunately there's been little follow-up of his own road map for peace following its rollout.
Mr. Kerry, a long time friend of Israel, has vowed to keep the White House engaged in an effort to achieve peace and security for the Jewish state and indispensable ingredient for progress.
The next president will almost surely have to nominate new Supreme Court justices.
Mr. Kerry has promised to reward competence rather than ideologies reassuring in that debates Mr. Bush has also declared that he seeks only judicial wisdom, but his record-enominated, controversial, ideologically-extremed judges for the federal courts has sparked divisive debate in the Senate and is unnecessarily narrow criterion for appointment.
On the basis of experience, a strong campaign and command of issues that make this such a crucial election, the Miami-Herald recommends John F. Kerry.
Your list means that meal Rogers is arrested on 5 seconds.
You A.M.
But heads, it's the one to do our.
Well, it's 1-2-3, the book by Tity Kelly, but Bush tonight can't they? It's where it is some lines.
How many rumors by always come up during campaign time?
Well, 4-5-6, the habit is kicked is no longer a drug or your slabless biography.
Tits on 2 in his past, so boring because we could care less.
Tity Kelly, don't come from me.
You're defaming our president.
Tell him, tell him, you're back on check.
You can't reach all other people's fame.
I said you're a trashy tabloid girl.
Don't forget Tity Kelly's mean and John Kerry's not a bad person.
Yes.
That's what Len Cheney says.
She's reassessed.
She's had a chance to reassess him and he's a bad man because he said that their daughters are a dyke.
That's what they said that their daughters are a dyke.
Her daughter's been out for years now.
She's a gay activist.
But OG John Kerry said it and John Edward said it too and when John Edward said it, Dick Cheney said thank you for the front kind of words about me and my family.
That's right.
So it was okay when John Edward said it.
It was okay when they said it that our daughter is a bull bike.
But when John Kerry said that Mary Cheney was born that way, she's whatever she is.
Then all of a sudden he's a bad man because that's all they can do.
The L word, he's liberal, he's liberal.
That's all they can do.
They can't run in their own record because they're record in every aspect of it as a freaking disaster.
A disaster.
Bob and four Lauderdale says how about Donald Trump or the list?
Do you think he's a phony?
I think he's what you see.
But nevertheless we'll put him on a shirt.
Right?
Fody hair.
Yeah, well, bad hair.
Gregory and Carl spring says all democratic he voted.
Nice go on Greg.
Go vote again now.
It's only one o'clock.
Although I was not too happy with Betty Kaster.
Yeah, but she makes it hell of an oil baby.
But I've heard her anyway and tried to break the Republican majority in the Senate.
Vote for Betty Kaster.
Don't forget about that.
Yes, I'm prop four.
No one prop three.
And of course, a carry in Kaster.
This election is so important for our country in so many ways.
Please, please, everyone out there.
Now is not the time to be lazy.
They just might slip up and account one of your votes by accident.
Also for our poll, he says, the total psychotic guy.
I don't know if he can be determined to phony.
We're referring to Michael Savage.
We can put him on here, but he was on MSNBC for how many minutes?
30 minutes.
Most people know who he is.
All right, you're right about him.
But thanks, Gregory.
Thanks for the efforts.
Thanks for the memories.
Who's moving up now?
Anybody moving up the pool?
I don't want to keep reading the other.
To the east side.
Dr. Phillips moving up.
He's got 23 votes.
You see what we gave Rush?
That's a big head start.
Dennis Miller's got 11.
Well, we'll see how it all lays out by tomorrow, right?
Right.
These are just the early returns.
The Gallup people, by the way, will make sure that Rush
drops down a few notches.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Good afternoon.
Ruthie Giuliani, who have made millions with a tragedy of the 9-11.
Yes.
And another old Jewish-wing mayor, Eddie Carge.
Oh, yeah.
How do you like that piece of crap, huh?
I don't like it.
And you?
I'm sure you don't like it, isn't it?
Not, not, and you?
No, I don't.
If you are.
And if you want to put anybody local, the other mayor, may you be...
No, we don't want to.
There's no way.
But you think Giuliani is a thing for that.
Yeah, absolutely.
You can have that sneer on his face.
I can have that.
Oh, nice day.
Yeah, the smirking ex-mayor.
Rudy Giuliani, and who is the other...
Oh, Ed Koch.
Speller right now, K-O-C-H.
How do you pronounce that?
Koch.
What a self-hating faggot.
Unbelievable.
Jews for Hitler.
Fags for David Duke.
That's what we're dealing with there.
There must be a lot of money in that.
A bunch of bush.
Huh?
Being a turncoat traitor, like...
I don't know what goes on with some of these people, man.
But what a disgrace and an embarrassment and humiliation.
I mean, Zell Miller from Georgia, we're...
He's just a good old boy redneck.
We understand.
We'd expect no different from that piece of dirt.
But Ed Koch?
Man.
I got news for you, baby.
Most of them bush people, they like to put your ass in the ovens for a whole bunch of reasons,
just like mine.
Sun, sun, and all presidential endorsement is this kind of long.
It goes on.
Oh, it's too long.
But I'll just read this.
Let's see.
Okay.
Just read a little bit.
In the aftermath of 9-11, George W. Bush helped the United Nations as a wage war against
Elkut.
Unfortunately, his obsession with Sodom was saying, then caused him to leave the nation into
an ill-conceived war in Iraq.
Has Erichut had that article up yet, by the way?
Yes.
Good.
Nice going, Erich.
Like I said, you're the best, Fato.
So go to the website.
There's one more reason for you to read that article by Ron.
What was his name?
Kusay.
Kusay.
And who say?
Is there anybody more obnoxious than Keith Overman on TV?
Boy.
He makes me want to see Anne Coulter.
That's a great.
The way he folds the arms and at promo units, sneer and he's throwing the paper.
Talk about can tribe.
How many people are watching now, Keith Overman on MSNBC?
About third man.
That's it.
Yeah, I wonder why.
What a pompous ass.
Anyway, that conflict meaning Iraq has caused more than 1,000 American lives.
Getting very close to 1,100 by the way if you're keeping count.
They've heard and resources from the fight against Elkut and contributed to a hemorrhaging
of red ink at the US Treasury, the threatens the economic foundation of the nation.
In the process, the Bush administration's managed to squander international goodwill,
built up by US presidents since the end of WWII.
President Bush has failed the test of leadership.
The South Florida Sun-Central editorial board recommends voters on November 2 replace him with John Kerry.
The Massachusetts Senator possesses a prodigious intellect capable of grasping the complexities of the serious issues facing the nation in the world.
He surrounded himself with advisors who have equally sharp minds and proven track records, including former US Chief delegate to the UN, Richard Holbrooke,
and former secretary of the Treasury, Robert Rubin.
The United States must chart new and constructive courses in foreign and fiscal policy, but this will happen only with more capable leadership than the Bush administration is able to provide.
And it goes on point by point on Iraq, on the deficit, on the, says the highest stated no child left behind, how they blow that.
In fact, I'm going to read that part.
Okay.
Well, no, because it's, there got some interesting crap.
It's as well we consider Iraq and fiscal policy to be the salient issues in the campaign.
Several others causes to be more comfortable with Kerry than with Bush.
Supreme court vacancies are likely to develop in the next four years and Kerry would be more inclined to nominate jurors to respect existing precedents like Roe v. Wade, for example.
Kerry understands the potential of embryonic stem cell research.
His approach to it would impose vigorous ethical standards, but still enable research to move forward and expand.
While Bush was on the right track with the no child left behind act, a Kerry administration would be more likely to provide the funding that would enable it to be fully implemented.
The same applies to comprehensive medical insurance reform.
The detestable character assassination efforts aimed at both Bush and Kerry have obscured these other issues in the campaign, which is unfortunate.
Both men are patriots of high character of matured and changed into Vietnam era.
Political debate must focus on today's concerns, and in these troubled times Americans must hold their present to the highest standard of performance.
The nation simply can't afford misjudgments like those that led to the Iraq quagmire and deficits so large they prevent the nation from adequately providing for its armed forces addressing homeland security needs and guaranteeing the solvency of Medicare and the Social Security.
The Bush administration has fallen short on the foreign policy and fiscal fronts.
Now it's time for these citizens of the West to make a change and they are absolutely correct.
Suriname and whoever you are in the editorial board.
Nice going.
Harold Sonsanel, Atlanta Journal Constitution, and the Palm Beach Post.
Do I have time? Yes.
But it says go with Kerry's agenda over misplaced priorities.
There are many reasons to declare George W. Bush a failed president.
We friend the election in terms of why people should vote for John Kerry.
Senator Kerry would not rush the country into a war that harms the campaign against terrorism.
Stretches the military dangerously thin and diverse attention from real nuclear threats in Iran and North Korea.
Instead he would refocus attention on Al Qaeda and try to reclaim the near worldwide sympathy goodwill and cooperation that flowed to this country after 9-11 and which President Bush squatted by invading Iraq.
As Senator Kerry has said, the fight against terrorism is more about being resolute. It's about being smart and making the right choices.
John Kerry would not allow unfair tax cuts and unchecked spending this well-the-deficit, threatening the nation's economy and passing on huge IOUs to younger Americans.
Unlike President Bush's ideas for tax reform would shift the burden from wealthy Americans to working Americans by taxing wages on consumption more,
John Kerry would not allow the taxes and to punish the middle class.
Tax reform that Mr. Bush proposes would reward those who get stock dividends and urban institutes study in 2000 showed that 3.8% of households get 50% of dividends.
John Kerry would not favor an energy policy whose centerpiece is drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, which contains at most of six months supply of oil.
He wouldn't allow his vice president to hold secret hearings with energy executives, allow them to write a policy that pleases them but doesn't help the country, then fight and court on the public's tab to keep the public from knowing what happened in those meetings.
John Kerry would not support an environmental policy that's named Clear Skies, but actually would be an industry-offent pollution authorization bill.
He wouldn't ignore the problem of global warming until just before running for reelection. He wouldn't dismiss science just because it contradicts his policies.
He wouldn't compile the worst environmental record of any modern president. In state he would protect America's natural resources. He would embrace new job-creating technology that cleansed the air in the water. He would realize that self-enforcement of environmental laws is an open-involution invitation to pollute.
In Wednesday's third debate is in the first two, John Kerry looked and sounded presidential while Mr. Bush looked confused. Mr. Bush has spent so much time before hand-picked audiences that he was puzzled when he threw out campaign applause lines and got silenced back.
Senator Kerry displayed more command of issues and showed Americans that he isn't the campaign caricature drawn by the president's political henchman.
Issue by issue, Senator Kerry has laid out a better, fairer, more progressive agenda. He would show up social security not in danger Americans' retirement by disguising a risky privatization scheme as part of an ownership society.
He would allow embryonic stem cell research, not toward hope by yielding to a neuroideology. He would offer Americans the promise of health care that's available to members of Congress, not the illusions of tax credits to buy insurance.
He would offer laid off under employed Americans training and the assurance that their taxes won't subsidize companies that move jobs abroad.
He would appoint Supreme Court justice who leave no political fingerprints on their ruling. Fingerprints on their rulings.
Do you ever see those?
Fingerprints. After 9-11, only princes have.
President Bush had an opportunity to lead the world against the new threat of terrorism who was eloquent at the National Memorial Service and before Congress.
The Democrat controlled Senate quickly gave authorization to use force in Iraq before him airlines screening created Department of Homeland Security.
Already though Mr. Bush was allowing a small group in the Pentagon to substitute its agenda for the nations, even as planning began for invading Afghanistan, Mr. Bush was looking past al-Qaeda to Saddam Hussein.
His administration politicized and delayed airline security improvements over the issue of whether the workers would be unionized.
He opposed a Homeland Security Department until May of 2002 when he flipped and supported as a distraction from testimony by an FBI agent about what the White House knew before 9-11.
Then he used the Iraq Resolution as political intimidation in the media elections, ramming it through Congress with little debate.
Through arrogance and ignorance, the reckless ideologue who called himself a United United divider has divided the country against itself and the world against the country.
He is bullied, not persuaded. He's made America weaker, not stronger.
Desperately seeking reelection, President Bush refuses to acknowledge the reality of Iraq, offering such platitudes as freedom is on the march when the country wants a plan.
John Kerry is not in denial about a racker any other problems Mr. Bush will have left him. Unless the nation is in denial, Senator Kerry will win on November 2nd.
Anyone who has failed as badly as Mr. Bush does not deserve another chance.
That's the best of Maal Palm Beach Post.
Nice going, boys.
That's great.
How stupid you have to be.
How low does your IQ have to be not to see these things?
But third man.
If your IQ is 30 or less, I guess you're hoping for the Bush mixture, okay? Because you can relate to them.
Maybe we ought to send them all to...
Abu Gharram.
...and have a good time there. Maybe beat some sense into these people.
You think?
No.
13-5-60WQM. Hey IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all the aspects of your life.
They take a tool on you financially, physically and emotionally, just like working at QAM.
You can never really forget about your IRS problems if they come back each morning when you wake up.
CPA Genie Buckwald in the Buckwald Tax Firm will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind.
That's why other top CPA law firms afford their clients to the Buckwald Tax Firm when they have IRS problems.
So why not avoid potential criminal prosecution, get all unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records?
Suppose you have an IRS lien, wage livery, opair role taxes and penalties, want to settle for thousands less than you owe.
Need time to pay? Whatever it is, the Buckwald Tax Firm can help you out.
They offer you a free initial consultation, no obligation, affordable guaranteed fees, immediate relief from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS.
The Buckwald Tax Firm handles all the meetings and discussions so you don't even have to.
Call 954-575-2800. That's 954-575-2800. Whether you owe 10,000 a million or whatever in IRS taxes, the Buckwald Tax Firm can help you.
Call 954-575-2800 today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com.
That's www.irsfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking at that front door.
Call them today 954-575-2800.
Your listening's a meaningful, neorogious, exclusively on 560-7AM.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom a people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressors nation and they only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korea and the nooks there toasting them.
But right wing is drilling it over and over it to our hips.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey there's oil to be caught in going after satan to play kato sama.
There's no longer mention of the name it lauded but no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacent believe in every word of this cartel of administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our hips.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide. Table fuckers all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservations.
Loud and provoked, battle and world annihilation.
Older shoes must fall in half a virgin installed with no objection at all.
Democraft don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our parade watch pin.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Yeah we'll find them without a doubt.
That's an incredible one.
Just trying to see a top article.
My job there Eric it's very lengthy take a couple minutes out.
I know you'd much rather see more naked pictures but we've already got the Fred Weekvand or D'Aurel what a word name is.
From then hog.
Here's a good one for the poll. I love this fact.
We got some good fangs today you know what it's we have.
These people must have gotten a good supply over the weekend.
Where's my share?
During her interviews on 60 minutes all lessly stalled us is react quizzically by turning her head slightly like a puppy will do when it hears a whistle.
Thinking that the world believes he's reacting with serious doubt.
And all the years I've watched I've never seen her on cover a story of any kind except maybe illegal excuse for back handing a bitch in the face.
This is great.
Leslie still let's get a rest on your KST a HL I better spoke for your date.
Whatever you name is Josh.
See he kind of dropped down a couple of notches when he spelled swagger with K in an S.
I can see how people would think that it's swagger on account of.
He didn't spell out right either.
Oh it's speaking of religious stuff.
I love this story man so much.
I think it was on our website over the weekend to believe in if not should have been well I put all these stories on even.
Even while George was doing a show last week I was working over a hot word process.
I got a lot of stuff from that when all the stories on there.
Well I do good story.
I don't always read him so well but then I'm under a lot of stress today.
Okay it wasn't at all stress that about 820 and then by 825 was really stressed out.
I think that sounds like a lawsuit.
Greg it's a suit.
It's a lawsuit Greg.
It's on our body suit.
Yeah.
It's better than one bushhead with that big lump in the back.
This side of the light receiver.
Maybe it was a tumor you think?
Anyway Halloween on Sunday troubles some southerners were back to that again because we got a Halloweeny coming up in about 12 days, 13th.
Oh they changed the calendar.
What do you mean by that?
So that they won't be offended because Halloween is on Sunday.
Too bad.
Noon and Joja.
Oh man.
There ain't nothing like Joja.
You know Mellusiana, Mississippi, Alabama.
There's something.
But I don't think there ain't any Tennessee of course.
But there ain't nothing like Joja.
Like Kanye's Georgia and Aintree and Plains, all of them places.
Pay that.
So the fact that the Atlanta Ural Constitution endorsed John Kerry and Rip Bush and asked that editorial.
That really says something.
They're probably hiding under the bed.
Now what's this fact first that says from Scott just a few things.
What's up with WQM's webpage?
I'm not being able to get the Eddie K's picks for the last two.
Like we know something about QM's webpage?
Oh my god.
Secondly, the Spanish language signal station under your signals coming from Cuba.
Due to sky wave propagation, the QM signal is tough to hear at night in Hollywood.
Well that sounds promising.
We got a crappy signal.
We got Fidel's got an 8-minion watt station cranked up on there.
And let's see.
I'm third.
I can close the oil.
And I'm glad you reminded me this Scott.
Thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices.
We forgot to say that today.
Right.
It says I can't find a gallon of gas for less than two bucks anymore anywhere.
And he says thanks for the little gasp.
Nice going Scott.
Nice come back there.
Now getting back to Newland, Joja.
Across this Bible belt, this Halloween, some little ghost in Govins might get chewed away by the neighbors.
Chew, chew.
Remember that penny that's the ever chew, chew, chew song?
No.
The shoe, shoe song.
Yeah.
Oh, the shoe song.
All right.
And then it was all shoe Steve also.
And some youngsters will not allow to be going trick or treating at all because the holiday this year falls on a Sunday.
Oh my god.
That's right.
It's the day for the good lord, not for the devil, said Barbara Braswell, who plans to send her four-year-old granddaughter Malia out trick or treating in a princess costume on Saturday instead.
What kind of a name is that Malia?
Huh?
Don't know.
Oh.
Sometimes around the country, and how come her name is Barbara Braswell, her daughter is, oh I see, that's her first time.
Oh, that's very kind of.
Yeah.
Sometimes around the country are disagree or decreeing rather than how Halloween be celebrated on Saturday.
Well, Saturdays, the Jewish Sabbath, baby, until sundown.
So, Castle Hoist, how do you like that?
To avoid complaints from those who might, in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if you do that to you, or if the rock's Jews been open or door.
I guess what they're going to do, huh?
This is going to spit on you.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
The minute that that door opens, baby, a bunch of spittle is going to come your way.
Anyway, others insist on how they should be celebrated October 31st no matter what.
Oh, I think let's have a big conference about this.
Let's take it off in Congress.
Kind of like gay marriages.
I hope that the Democrats are coming up with some good ads, move on to Oregon, the Democratic Party itself.
I sure hope that they really focus in on this thing about the fact that the flu vaccine we have this tremendous shortage.
And they've had since the warnings of 2001 from the CDC that there was going to be a shortage.
And in three years, they still didn't prepare for it.
And the idea that this president is strong on fighting the war on terror, how to have if we had God forbid a chemical or biological attack that of course is...
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Do you really believe that they have any kind of preparation or ability to protect the public or to treat it?
Absolutely not for themselves.
No chance.
No for themselves.
They got that Archie Buckert there underground.
I know where they were all hiding on 9-11.
Lots of standard crackers.
Moving it, moving Halloween that's like celebrating Christmas a week early said Veronica Wright who bought a power ranger's costume for a son in Newman.
It's just a kid thing.
It's not for real for Christ's sake.
I think what you didn't say that.
It's an especially sensitive issue for authorities in the Bible belt across the South, the Yahoo States.
You just don't do it on Sunday said Sandra Halsey of Greenfield, Georgia.
That's Christ Day.
You go to church on Sunday.
You don't go out and celebrate the devil.
So in other words, it's okay to celebrate the devil on Saturday but not on Sunday, huh?
There you got it.
Okay.
In Newman's...
A suburb south of Atlanta, the city council decided to go ahead with the trick or treating on Sunday.
In 1999, the last time October 31st fell on Sunday, the city moved up trick or treating the Saturday which brought HALS of protest.
They were HALS like coyotes.
We don't need to confuse people with us, Councilman George Alexander Beesan.
In Vastavia Hills, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham, a fewer erupts every time Halloween falls on Sunday.
The local officials decided not to take a stand this time.
Let the fewer have his way.
You are listening to meaningful, neo-rotters exclusively on 5-6-7-8-M.
Bread him and say cheese.
Well Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks they're great Christ Day's really hot.
The Buffalo bills are an alpha one.
See what I mean?
So just sing a little.
When you say my amy.
When you say Buffalo.
Super cool.
And here it is.
Buffalo bills.
Buffalo bills.
Delegated team and a history of a human race.
Delegated.
Buffalo bills.
Delegated still.
Since sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And your jazz up that redneck stuff.
They listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet god listen now.
When you say Buffalo bills that don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
How you feel fans?
Here we go.
When the Buffalo bills are the best team.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times, which is one that I can say for this scum-soc and fish.
And they're the greatest.
Like I really like that.
Oh, beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet.
Cause they're the Buffalo home bills.
The best football teams.
What I ever seen in the history of my life.
They are the Buffalo bills.
The Buffalo bills.
The whole gym.
Kelly the greatest quarter back in the league.
Yeah, everybody.
The Buffalo bills.
They're the Buffalo bills.
And they've been around,
Morgan and the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo bills.
Buffalo bills.
What would you rather have as a pet, a Buffalo or a fish?
Twenty-seven or two, we got the mad dog or two.
What a shame.
A great talent gone South, Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
Just gone into the toilet, you know?
It happens.
A lot of things go into the toilet.
Most of which we can't discuss here on this show anymore.
Not anymore.
Here's a past, this is welcome back.
And after yesterday's debacle in Buffalo,
we need some of the Buffalo bills fights on.
That's why I just played that.
See how quick I am, I respond.
It says you think that offense ever going to win a game?
No.
No, not this season.
Not this season.
Maybe next season, maybe 25-25 with Zagrin Evans
at the quarter back in the run back after the once-dead era.
By the way, it's a George's in a good job.
Like always, I say George and Suds in the morning in Go Yankees.
Well, you know what, we don't get to be a guy to that last part about Go Yankees.
I have to laugh at a red socks and their fans, man.
What a joke.
Do you see that Josh, after they pulled it out in 12 meetings?
I say, oh, we won a game.
You think they would have just won a World Series.
You know, they finally won a game on your walkoff home run.
I just like to walk off the old man heavy duty on the series.
I have a, I don't know.
Because if he keeps doing that, I think that from what I'm reading,
Infinity is going to chop his ass off of there early.
And then what's your buddy Greg going to do then, huh?
Then we're stuck with it a little, Emma.
Well, of course, we always know who's waiting in a bullpen.
Absolutely.
Oh, yeah, right.
Our good buddy.
He's always waiting, hanging around, waiting to,
so I'm curious if he's still doing that or what the deal is.
Somebody will either fax this or tell us or not.
Because we don't listen.
Oh, this was another great story that I had on a website over the last few days.
I don't know if you jumped on this, so to speak.
It was on Thursday.
So what have been on Friday's website?
Study.
One hundred percent, one in a, one hundred and a half.
One in a hundred adults asexual.
No, I did not jump on that.
In fact, some of the people I see are here in the city.
I go, are you sexual a?
And some of them actually say, OK, about one percent of adults have absolutely,
this is from London, of course, which what do you expect from them?
A bunch of constipated Brits.
Give me the Schmitz.
Remember Jimmy Schmitz?
Yes, I do.
About one percent of adults have absolutely no interest in sex according to a new study.
And that distinction is becoming one of pride among many asexuals.
Well, how about asexual marriage?
What are we going to do with that?
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I could just hear Bush now.
The danger to America is...
See, he's already getting all of them out of shape about it.
What was that in the background?
The danger to America is the terrorists, and we will not let up in this fight.
The danger is the terrorists.
Did you hear that?
I heard it.
Nice, I'm done.
Anyway, it says the new study was conducted by Anthony Bogart, a psychologist and human sexuality expert
at Brock University in St. Catherine's Rob Terry O.A.
See, I know it.
It was published in the latest issue of the Journal of Sex Research and is the focus of reporting this past weekend's issue of new scientist.
Bogart's analization looked at responses to another study in Britain published in 1994.
That study was based on interviews of 18,000 people about their sexual practices, practice makes perfect.
It offered respondents a list of options.
One red, I have never felt sexually attracted to anyone at all.
One percent said they agreed with the statement.
That response level is close to the percentage of gay people in the population, which is around 3 percent the new scientist has become the right.
What, where did they come up with this crap in Britain?
Yes.
I think they got it twisted around.
I think they got a 3 percent in Britain heterosexual.
New scientists said such studies offer insights into sexuality.
The results remain controversial.
The closest we've got to understanding human asexuals comes from studies, mostly surveys of people who report not having sex it says.
Like Robert Greeper.
A 1994 survey published by the University of Chicago Press found that 13 percent of 3500 respondents had no sex in the past year.
Well, that doesn't mean that they're asexual.
40 percent of these people said they were extremely happy or very happy with their lives.
If asexualities indeed a form of sexual orientation perhaps it won't be long before the issue of A Pride starts attracting more attention.
First we add gay pride now in Canada's A Pride.
A?
Activists have already started campaigning to promote awareness and acceptance of asexuality.
Well, I wonder if Mary Cheney would like to become asexual, huh?
That dyke.
No, she's not asexual.
I want to show you how fair and balanced the media is.
Okay.
You've had these two things that they made a little bit of a simist about.
First of all, Carrie talking about Mary Cheney using her as an example again about she's dyke and lesbian and this and that and she was born that way and she's a...
That was the one.
Then on the other hand, media's sick twisted. They got an asjenda man.
That's all we hear about as well.
It was really a very portast and inappropriate and two-thirds of the public said they did.
How about when Bush lied about having said he doesn't even think about Osama Yamama anymore.
He's too busy worried about Sadami Hussein.
Yeah, he's worried about Sadami.
Bill O'Rally is worried about phone sex.
We've got a president who's worried about Sadami.
The best way to prevent attacks?
Yeah.
He's having panic attacks just thinking about it.
Probably thinking about that brought him knocked up in Texas.
The one I had the abortion, you know?
20 till two at five, 60, WQA and Emerald Coast.
Here's a chance for Josh to redeem himself all the way down it.
Emerald Coast South Florida's best Asian buffets excited to announce their rival of lobster fest.
That's right.
What's going on right now?
Every weekend I come and enjoy as much main lobsters you can eat.
That's right. All you can eat lobster.
Who else in South Florida would even dream of doing this?
Also, Emerald Coast is serving lobster, bisque, doughnut stone crab,
roasted duck and grilled.
See you.
Emerald Coast is no ordinary Asian buffet.
The service is impeccable and you never will leave on an empty stomach.
I guarantee you that.
You walk out of there.
You'll waddle out.
No matter what your size is, you'll waddle out of there.
You'll be so full and happy.
Stir about that fantastic eating experience with six different soups.
Try them all.
And then sample dozens of succulent entrees like New York strip made order,
as well as grilled salmon.
And if you have room, sample their hand card, prem rib,
and their new Thai specialties too.
The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living,
cooking all of their fine cuisine with only cholesterol free oils,
no crap, no cornstarch, no MSG.
The buffet features a full, huge salad bar, full Chinese food lineup,
and the brand new sushi bar as well.
And if you have any room after all of these things, which would be a miracle,
but try to like, you know, take your time.
They won't kick you out of there.
Take some time and save room for dessert because what a dessert station they've got,
featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
even the old fresh fruit.
What an ending to a fantastic feast.
Emerald Coast got three locations for you, and sunrise sunny Alessandro Pemberg pride.
So take the whole family and book your next business lunch and there now too.
Take out the delivery always available.
They were voted number one by Zagat restaurant reviews,
and by prestigious channel seven WSVN News and Soundflowers Best Asian buffet.
Lots of imitators, but nothing even like it.
Call 954-572-3822.
That's 954-572-3822 for the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
You're listening to meaningful, new Rogers exclusive lay on 560-8M.
It's day-oh!
In Miami town at 560-WQ-A.
It's good, good, good, good.
I just want to have a neighbor today.
We're going to have a little union here, Gildi and I.
Weems, they have the little problem with the stone show feed.
I think that the satellite fell down as something.
Yeah, like a butt.
Why I'll have you know my pectox on the lightfully fine.
Thank you, Gary, but you.
Now if they don't mind, let's return to the Sanctitious port.
How about a little touchy theory?
Now see here.
See where?
Over here.
Now see here.
What is it?
What a saga.
Yeah, it's so stupid.
I am so stupid like they say.
I'm the official voice of the pearsons.
I love you.
Big deal.
Why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in embryo.
How do you know?
Well, it is.
There's something I never told you.
Yeah.
How am I a father?
Daddy!
Son.
I'm an embryo.
Get your thumb out of there.
146, 14.2, at 5.60 WQM.
Our poll question today, what well known person you think is the biggest phony.
Had a lot on the list.
I guess if I had to take more cause we could add thousands, but this is a pretty good list.
I like it.
Rush Limbaugh leading, look at the landslide, man.
283.
Oh yeah.
What the hell?
Yeah.
He's the fastest fat man.
Villa Raleigh, 78.
He's moving up.
Jimmy Swagger 48, can't be legally given 46.
Dr. Phil 39, you know who we left off the list?
I give up.
I got a pair.
Pubbleboy.
You can't see him.
I got a pair.
Anyway, Jerry Fallwell had Robert.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Sneering obnoxious phony baloney.
I give you another one.
Okay.
Paul Crotch.
Oh yeah.
From Jan and Paul Crotch.
Oh yeah.
Paul Crotch, you got it?
Remember that thing?
That article?
That thing.
Yeah.
There was a thing.
That's what he said.
Speaking of things, Sinclair Broadcasting, a bunch of Nazis who own 62 television stations
around America.
The Kerry campaign on Friday called on Sinclair Broadcasting to provide equal time to supporters
of the Democratic presidential nominee after they air that 45-minute propaganda film attacking
him.
And let her to Sinclair Broadcasting President David Smith.
Kerry campaign attorney Mark Elias said the broadcasting groups demand that it's 62 stations
air the program without insisting they provide equal time for response is illegal, which
of course it is.
Please consider this a request.
It would be like if CBS announced that they were going to have all of their affiliates,
they were going to order them to run Fahrenheit 9-11 like two weeks from the day that they
before the election, which by the way, not a bad idea.
Please consider this a request that each Sinclair station that airs the documentary provides
supporters of the Kerry Edwards campaign with a similar amount of time on that station.
Before the election of the time, where an audience of similar size can be expected to be viewing
the station-wise wrote, well less than three weeks to go in an extremely close presidential
race, sparks are flying around the anti-Kerry film Stolen Honor wounds that never heal would
Sinclair wants their commercial free no less on stations that include the swing states
of Ohio, Florida, Iowa, and Wisconsin next week.
The FCC, where of course the chairman is the son of Colin Powell, Michael Paul and the
FCC said they want to intervene to stop the broadcast as it was asked to do in a letter
from 18 Democratic senators.
Don't look to watch the block the airing of a program, FCC chairman Michael Powell said,
I don't know of any precedent which the commission could do that he'd be saying.
Sinclair broadcasings top executives are public supporters of the Bush campaign.
They've donated at least $58,000 to the Bush-Chainy campaign or the Republican National Committee
for this election.
And a partridge in a pair of three.
I like that.
I don't.
That's more that liberal media, you know, always hearing about.
Right.
Iraq audit can't find billions again.
About half of the roughly $5 billion in Iraq reconstruction funds dispersed by the US
government in the first half of this year can't be accounted for according to an audit
commission by the United Nations, which couldn't find records for numerous rebuilding projects
and other payments.
Maybe we ought to go to the Halliburton people and see where some of them went.
One chunk of the money, 1.4 billion, was deposited into a local bank by Kurdish leaders in
northern Iraq, but could be tracked no further.
The auditors reported that they were shown a deposit slip, but could find no additional
records to explain how the money was used or to prove that it remains in the bank.
Auditors also said they couldn't track more than a billion dollars in funds sold out by
US authorities for hundreds of large and small reconstruction projects.
This is an article we had over the weekend from the Boston Globe.
It's on our website.
It goes on and on and on.
And it's pathetic.
It's sad.
It's tragic.
And does anybody care?
No.
And is if that isn't enough.
Now that we want to get you like all suspicious of your government because we do trust the
president, don't we?
Right.
Right.
As far as we can throw them, top army commander in Iraq complained of poor supply situation
documents shows from yesterday's Washington Post.
This is about your friend Rick Sanchez.
I know the other one.
Not the one we saw in CNN this morning with his fist on the table.
I never realized he had a limp fist.
The top US commander in Iraq complained to the Pentagon last winter that his supply situation
was so poor and you're supposed to say how poor was it?
How poor was it?
I love that, Charlie.
I love masking.
That it threatened army troops ability to fight according to an official document that
surfaced only now.
The lack of keyspare parts for a gear vital to combat operations such as tanks and helicopters
was causing problems so severe that army lieutenant general Ricky Tiki Ricardo West Sanchez
wrote in a letter to top army officials that I can notice how the media sky sloughed
right on by that.
And now here's another there are other henchmen Ricky Tiki Sanchez who says he can't continue
to support sustained combat operations with rates this low.
Senior army officials said that most of Sanchez concerns have been addressed in recent
months but they continue to keep a close eye on the problems he identified.
The situation is substantially better now.
He said Gary Monsec deputy director of operations for Army material command.
Sanchez was the senior commander on the ground in Iraq from the summer of 2003 to the summer
of 2004.
Said in his letter that army units in Iraq were struggling just to maintain relatively
low readiness rates on key combat systems such as M1 Abrams tanks, Bradley Fighting vehicles,
anti-mortar raiders, and black cock helicopters.
He also said units were waiting in average of 40 days for critical spare parts which you
notice was almost three times the army's average.
And some army supplied depots in Iraq 40% of critical parts were at zero balance meaning
they were absent from depots shells.
And by the way I should point out to you since everything is going so great in Iraq.
Oh we're fine.
On some of the shows some of the correspondents that have been reporting from Iraq are saying
that they're terrified even go outside anymore.
The situation is so bad now in most parts of Iraq.
So it sounds like we got things well under control.
You are listening to Neil Roger.
Exclusively on 516.
The computer problems is 9 to 14 voting sites in the sound
float already this morning.
Nice go on good start.
Yeah.
Oh this is just the beginning man.
You think it was exciting before and they keep showing on the talking head networks.
They keep showing the Palm Beach judge.
You know with the eye.
Look at the shed.
Oh Google I judge.
I love him.
He the best.
Anyway our pool today what well known person you think is the biggest phony.
A lot of phony's.
We got about 700 votes.
Rush Limbaugh nobody can touch rush big fat pill pop and hypocrite phony.
297 his numbers by the way taken a pretty good slide.
Good Bill Orrani's radio numbers can't slide in South Florida because he don't have any.
He's got a 0.2 as in what's the point.
He's got 83 votes Jimmy Swagger 50.
I'm amazed to hear I mean he deservedly so but that's good.
They got a good memory.
Kathy Lee Gifford 47.
Dr. Phil I told you he'd run boy they hate him like poison and I'm pleased to hear that.
45 the Pope 26 alter boys kind of Lisa 25 that's Dr. Rice Miss Madfruc 16.
Dennis Miller 14 and Coder 14 Phil Henry 12 are you sure?
Yep.
Jato's got 11 and Lynn Cheney 11 everybody else small potatoes single digits.
That's Lynn Cheney by the way the one that's got the bulldog.
Bye bye bye.
Our stature.
We brought you in Swarth round the cross.
How many times do you think I am?
My image for tomorrow.
I see you and the evil.
