Well, we can't play in open because the audio votes them right?
560, that would be why you have to present to me a lot of your stuff.
You get a tough talk.
I was in third and you say, wait I got a lot of people calling me to go to your phone
lines for the facts machine is down.
I wonder if even these other phone lines are working, let's say.
We at least always want to work in the game.
To facts deal, no bother, that's not working either.
Yeah, that's right, I just have to say that.
The facts ain't working the audio votes now, working everything's working on this end
though.
It's Friday, you bastard.
$100,000 is Frank Swident registration rose $100.00
$200,000 is a business I Kh commit S
S
Pushes the sword in my back Pushes the sword in my back
Pushes the sword in my back Pushes the sword in my back
Who's gonna make AOP? Pushes the sword in my back
Pushes the sword in my back Pushes the sword in my back
Pushes the sword in my back
Who's gonna make AOP?
Who's gonna make AOP?
I trust you man, I trust the American people I trust you you more on how could anybody be so stupid to watch that last night I think that bush won?
I mean even if he thought it was a draw which wasn't even close
Yeah he's gonna give us the leadership to take you center of new uh yeah carry the thing and throw him a handbag
You should have done it okay you got problems to work on
You're getting your cramps together down there
Oh yeah, the embarrassment what a disgrace that studio is that the equipment at garbage
Well that was a good first call, WNH Hello
Hey I got two questions the leader the evil leader in Mad Max what was his name they got it were the mask
Humongous? No
His name was Humongous? Yes, and what's the second question?
And the second one is what were they singing pushing the Saudis by what?
Hahaha
Something about pushing the Saudis closer to the bar and then I move your stool closer to the bar
WNH Hello
Carry the wire
Okay good WNH Hello
I've been hurt from dead in the wild
Hello deal
Yes we did
Hey I saw Fahrenheit night 11 yesterday
You what?
That's all Fahrenheit night 11
Yes
Like I'm still going to bush buddy sorry
Okay great well we're real happy oh yeah
This is just like the frequent that's going on on the MSNBC puller with 71 to 29% last night
And now all of a sudden 62 to 38% is the free republic.com let's treat this pull
That really that really is going to change a lot of things right?
The only pulls you need to look at online last night were although even now
CNN's got almost a half a million votes on theirs it's carry who won the debate
Carry 72% George W21 and a tie 7% that's real close
And then yeah
Here's our pull result from yesterday and we took it off of there early this morning
Even though I wanted to do it about 11 30 last 10 30 last night
But Eric was nowhere to be found because he's busy a new life evidently
What do you miss most about the 70s?
1561 votes when I printed this baby out this morning
Sex with total strangers 240
Oh right
The music 246 the great dolphin years 147
Muscle in and by the way all the bush people in line line up like the next 50,000 calls
They're not going to change anything okay. He's doomed now
America got a chance to see Alfredi Newman the smirking chimp at his absolute
Perfect best last night. That's as good as it gets
The music 246 the great dolphin years 147 all for those years
By the way, I'm assuming we Schmidt can those two breaks and I'm moving the lives
Bottle the second break
Yeah, we can only suit
Okay, muscle cars 133 they missed those gave still another class of 121 get back in there now
Especially you Maya
Many skirts 103 wasn't born yet 103 quailudes 99 how about 99 quailudes
All right, I'll take it good star wars films 82 underlying the good part all in the family 65 TV
Calf show 63 moderate Republicans 42 you know like Jacob Javits Nelson Rockefeller
Even Richard Nixon even Eisenhower a tight jeans 13 and fashion for the building bottom pants
The mutton shop caracas all over crap those silly things
Bridgete Nielsen she doesn't so they bought Bridgete Nielsen
Bridgete is on our website. She's behind a video curtain today. She was born July 15th 1963
That's a fine photo by the way indeed and she was born in rogov Denmark. Do you know she was Danish?
Say what? I said we'd like a Danish. I'll still a little late in the morning. All right, speed.
Actress model presenter and singer Bridgete Nielsen born in Denmark. Let's see. She was in dooms there hostile environment.
Oh, that must be about Q. I. M. Paparazzi. She's too tall.
Fantagito five. What is that? What? Yeah, Fagoreo snowboard academy compelling evidence. Galaxas code name silencer.
Fantagito four. That's a Danish thing. I chain here to the double.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Well, I must have done what they were thinking back in 2000 when I grew up in the election now. Well, that's only the American people. Well, they know we'll do our own thing. Yeah, we're good. That was special. I'll tell you that right now. Okay, today's poll. We got it up there on our own website now. It should have been up there last night because right after the debate it would have been a little more, you know, a little more remedial, a little more meaty. What's your take on the first presidential debate?
That's our poll today and over the weekend. Carrie one big, which is the obvious answer. It wasn't even a contest. And I tried to be as objective as possible. But I was shocked and amazed. Almost felt sorry for the Bushmeister. He was like a deer just totally lost in their lives trying to find his way off the highway. Man, he didn't know whether their cry or wind is watch. Sorry, Mike. Carrie one big, 328, 58.1%. Carrie by a bit, 71, 12 and a half percent. The end of us together, he got 70.6%, which is pretty interesting because it's very close.
There's no close to the CNN. Nothing there. Although we did even better there. The format made it useless. 42, 7.4%. That's bullcraft. The format which we thought, see the problem with those people have voted that we thought the format was going to prevent, prevent any kind of like meaningful exchange. And it didn't have worked out just fine. That's Jim Lara. Yes, indeed. And when he lists the pronounces name right, we'll like him even better. Jim Lara. I didn't watch 37.0.6% of this is food audience. Didn't watch what's means that we're supposedly that 93.5% of this audience watched the debate in moral,
gables floored the last night on the campus of the prestigious university. Miami was by the way there were a hell of a lot of Carrie people. There I was shot. A lot of students for Carrie always told me that there was hope for you. We didn't think what happened in our lifetime. We never know this. So students must have like been shipped in from someplace else. Yeah, probably. Now it's here so they must have come in from out of town. Maybe maybe Donna Shalali is whipping them up to a frenzy or something like that. Maybe she finally grew up here. Anyway, so that was the result on our poll. Did I read the result?
I think I interrupted myself. Maybe you did. Maybe I didn't watch 38.6.4%. They both said 25 4.2%. Bush won big 24 4% say Bush won it big and of course, I'm sure those people are very, very objective. I don't give a shmit. One way they're the 14 2.3% no matter what the poll question would be. That's the same 2.3% that always say I don't give a shmit. And how about anything? Because basically what they're trying screaming desperately to get the message out. I have no life. That's what they're trying to do.
I have to say a draw 14 2.3% which would be one of the most generous. I mean, how could you even dream of saying that? And Bush 5 bit by a whisker 12 2%. So the people would say Bush won big or a bit 6% in together and once you had to get it for Kerry 70.71.1% now. I don't 591.
For them votes are pouring in there fast now you realize that? Yes. What would they want to get around there? Number 2 now that Eric finally woke up and the got off is lazy fat ass. Jimmy Brezzlin, a leader showed up. His name was Kerry. That's what Jimmy writes today in news day. I might just read a whole bunch of these things today, but we certainly are going to get a lot more of these great calls on WQM. Hello.
Yes sir. Did you notice last night once Kerry used the word that had more than two syllables, Bush can even pronounce it.
Nuclear. Nuclear man. He said that again last night a couple of times. Nuclear. Okay. Thank you. I want nuclear just seeing him as a matter of fact. It was embarrassing.
And anybody out there who really believes that no matter how articulate they are to how they try to articulate the position that they are going to peddle this doofus to us. I mean no he wins he wins and haven't helped you folks because I'm north of the border most of that many way.
But good luck to you. I mean if that's what you can relate to a man who's a drummer that has sought us and about hit a rocks you nailed it that's what they can relate to.
Well like I said that's why he does so well. Although the good thing that Kerry did last night among many other things is he didn't talk down to people he didn't ramble on well within the time limit than that 90 seconds in the two minutes and the red light was never there flashing like get it over with because he's supposed to lead long wind and everything.
He did a magnificent job with any constraints of the format. It is just fine. He did great. He stood up again. He used that great line about you know you invading this president invading Iraq after we were attacked by a some of
the law and we attack sawdemus and would be like if they are attacking Mexico after the Japanese bomb for a harbor. I know that's an all I am but it's a very good one and it's right on target.
Doesn't make any sense. And this was about well we were attacked we were attacked. Yeah but we weren't attacked by sawdemus saying to Iraq and of course that 40% of America who still so stupid that they believe that even though they're saying oh no well there's no truth today.
Well yeah but something had he did something he was dangerous. He is a bad man. Good got all mighty anyways.
In the Brazilian rights George Bush we had waited time and again last night that it was hard work to run this government.
It was hard work to lead a country out of tyranny into democracy. It was hard work to be casualty reports. The war was hard work and he made it plan that talking with somebody about his record as president was the
ruling hardest work you could want. He showed for all to see what a minor mind he goes around with. I looked at this guy Bush last night and thought about young people dying in Iraq because of him.
And there will be more and more because he's a man sitting with a car full of people on the train tracks and doesn't know enough to get off with the train coming.
Watch the ages of the dead night after night day after day 21 23 19 25 anybody responsible for getting people this young killed as a national menace.
Don't people always are. And don't tell me he's not dumb. Yes he was matched against an absolutely first rate mind last night but he could have done a little better recovering his helplessness than flusters of college boy anger.
He whined and breathed about consistency. He used that word so he could underline his famous flip-flop attacks on John Kerry.
He said that by opposing the war in Iraq and the way it's going, Kerry was sending mixed messages and their harmful to our troops. I Bush never change.
There were problems to this. One, Kerry cheated on him and turned to fine line. Don't confuse the war with the warriors. Then in the middle of Bush's reiteration of dusty phrase after dusty phrase, we should remain as we are, was Ralph Aldo Emerson's,
a fullest consistency as the hobgoblin of little minds adored by little statesman. It was better than anything you're going to read from anybody from out of the end of the election.
And you'll see that the Emerson quote will come alive whenever Bush opens his mouth and starts the same old lines, George Bush writes in crayon.
The other problem for Bush was that the president on the stage last night was John Kerry. He was strong, articulate. I make him as plain and understandable and yet as powerful as anybody we've had around for many years.
I don't know where Kerry has been for all this time. He made a speech at NYU the other day that was strong. I thought he was on the way. Then he disappeared again. It seemed like a campaign by George Bush of small endless stupidities delivered in comfy boy shirt sleeves was going to win an election that could end this country as we know it.
If you have four more years of gone, ask for a Supreme Court backing him up, you watch the end of rights as you were raised to believe in. That was the fear at the start of the night. Then they opened the night with John Kerry talking. He was strong, passionate, sending a fine intellect out into the night. And then when he got through, we looked like a guy who could kill somebody if he had to for the country again. And that went next to him looked like he would again flee to the dentist.
Jimmy Brezzler in the news day today nice call Jimmy you go boy.
There are some strange real Rogers mornings in the day. And we want to run a blind fight.
No. How dare they drive the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein or to her presence.
Tonight on HBO. It's the surprise. Sorry no sound of been like you. Yo, Osama want to come over here. Let me punch in the face. You broke my nose. That's too bad. Osama like in the one.
I'm really sorry about that. Osama. Oh, that's a real shame. Osama. Oh, it's a punch you in the joy. Yes, I'm so sorry. Oh, that's hurt. Thank you. You bloody nose. Yeah. Let me fix it with this prime pen.
No, the soprano. Sorry. No sound of been like you. I got a good idea. Let's send him to Abu Gharram 1117 and 560. I'm assuming that this fact that I just got came from a different facts machine in the building. Is it about the promotional?
Yeah, I think it's about the promotional. Yeah, I think it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah
Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about the promotional. Yeah, it's about
the
a very interesting performance. He was the ultimate smirking chimps right there from the
whole world last night. He joined Q&A at 7.9 pm at the DeRalle
ale house for prizes and specials on Cours Light. And tomorrow 11.1, Little George is going
to be Bill Siles and Mitsubishi and Davey because he needs the money desperately at 53.95
Sunf University Drive. That's in Davey. Stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from
Atlantic City Sub. Get there early because the staff there, they like to hop up the free
food before you folks get there. So get there early. That's going to be 11.1. Get there
about 10.30. Be good, right? Yeah. That's 10.
That's 30, man.
WQA and hello. Pull line. Neil. Yes, sir.
I got some insight stuff for you. Yeah, but I was working with MSMBC all week on all
the shows over there on the stage. And I think a long story short. Last night, Ralph
Navar, Ralph Nader comes trouncing up on our stage. And the president of MSMBC told
him to buzz off. He's not, I don't know how he said it. But basically he told him to
turn around and march back down the stairs because he's not on his job. But he's not part
of the story. Right. So basically he sent me a later packing, but it was funny because
I was working in Pat Bican and comes up. And I had to put you know the microphones on
and stuff. And you know, the guy was the nicest guy in the world, but I can think of
so many years that I was throwing stuff at the TV when I heard they got caught. Yeah,
well now he's started to become a pretty mellow computer. What we got? Yeah, it was
it was an interesting week. And yes, I was even surprised by all the little rich kids.
And now they might actually have a brand of their own. They're amazing because you
have always had the reputation of being scored rich kids in the suntan, you and all of this
and very right wing. And just a tremendous amount of carry support on that campus.
There was a lot. And you know, there's a lot of mixed, they have a bit mixed, you know,
diverse culture, you know, a diverse campus there. So I think that had a lot to play
into it. But what was that? You have a full question yesterday and I wanted to chime in.
Oh, this is beneath. What you miss about the 70s most? Yeah, jumping up and down naked
with my next door neighbor when I was like six years old. I miss her. Right. We're going
to try today. Okay, bring back some memories. Thanks. That was a lot of fun. That was
good. See, I told you, man, you have little faith. It takes 40, 50,000 college and you
get a good one like that sooner or later. You see it? Yeah. Law that works. That's
the way it works in his business. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you might just take 80 billion calls
between now and two. Okay, get our own pool set up and to speak in a set up. That's
what we got there in the beginning. Oh, call up Rogers and tell him that bush one and
light like we're really impressed by that. Okay. I saw it. I heard it with my own five eyes.
I believe in being strong and resolute and determined. And I will hunt down and kill the
terrorists wherever they are. Kill a lot. But we also have to be smart, Jim. As smart
means, not diverting your attention from the real war on terror in Afghanistan against
a son of the laden and taking it off to Iraq, where the 9-11 commission confirms there was
no connection to 9-11 itself in Sanam Hussein. And where the reason for going to war was
weapons of mass destruction, not the removal of Sanam Hussein. This president has made,
I regret to say, a colossal error of judgment. Absolutely. And judgment is what we looked
for in the President of the United States of America. I'm proud that important military
figures are supporting me in this race. Former chairman, joint chiefs of staff, John
Charlie Cushbilly. Just yesterday, General Eisenhower, son, General John Eisenhower endorsed
me. General Admiral William Crow, General Tony McKeeck, who ran the Air Force War so effectively
for his father, all believed I would make a stronger commander in chief. And they believe
it because they know I would not take my eye off of the goal of Samad-Anladen. Unfortunately,
he escaped in the mountains of Toro Borer. We had him surrounded. The Weed and Use American
Forces, the best trained in the world to go killing, the President relied on Afghan war
lords and he outsourced that job too. That's wrong.
Hey, man. Well said there, John. You go, boy. How come they haven't been seen these
scenes the last several weeks? I'm just wondering. Well, better late than ever, I guess, and
hopefully not too late. I mean, all of the things that we've been screaming about on the
show, all these articles that we've heard from people with a broad IQ larger than their
thumbnail. And, you know, they've got stuck into that whole thing about Kenneth Monsomach
who in Vietnam and who was the draft manager and who really got how much to be bleed in
Windows Middle. Although that craft they wasted about two months of that craft on the
award that was going on 30 years ago, and nobody cares about that now.
About 30, man. Okay. Man. Oh, speaking of that first blood, the Carrier and TV debates
speaking of blood, by Julian Borgia in Miami for the Guardian. I got some stuff, but we
do want to get thousands of calls on today, don't we? And then we see Span can come in
and listen to the intelligent calls we get, you know, like that. Hi. Yeah, to Ron. It's
like maybe you can give see span Ron's address and they can go set up and do a show right
in his living room. Oh, I'll try to be great. That would be so. Here's the typical
South-South's already in right there. Hi. Hi. And maybe they can pop them to pro-Sax while
he's on. Julian Borgia writes, John Kerry regained the initiative in the US presidential race
last night with a forceful performance in his first debate with George Bush occasionally
leading the president's scowling and a loss for words. Instant response calls by three major
TV networks all showed that a large majority of their viewers thought the challenger had
won the 90-minute verbal contest at the University of Miami the first of three debates in
last month of the campaign. Perhaps even more seriously from president Bush to never
ignored broadcasting guidelines agreed before him and showed both candidates at the same
time. On several occasions, Mr. Bush could be seen sour faced and nervous and reaction
to some of Mr. Kyryser Marx. Similar cutaway shots at Al Gore in the first presidential debate
four years ago, sat his campaign, helped put Mr. Bush into office. That was all that
sign he was going to have some sign over here. After last night's debate, senior Democrats
made it clear they would make maximum use of the pictures of a disgruntled president
Bush. What you saw was a president who was annoyed, angry and aloof. He clearly didn't
want to be there and he was slouched over his podiums at Terry McCullough, the Democratic
Party chairman, in an interview in Spinaly University basketball court where partisan
beatsides drove phonetically to influence media coverage of the event. Mr. McCullough's Republican
counterpart, Edgar Lesby, lacked off of the description saying, I don't know what Terry
thought he saw, but the president was obviously very engaged and very clear about his policies.
I didn't know he was engaged. What's your name, no, Laura?
However, several conservative commentators awarded the encounter to Senator Kerry on points,
Morton Kondraki and I've spoken a hawk on Fox News and he didn't think the president
had dominated and argued that Kerry looked like a commander in chief. The Democratic
challenger lived up to his reputation for hitting his best form in the closing stages
of election race, answering his critics by delivering a string of short declarative statements
with relatively few of the verbal meandering for which he's become famous on the campaign
trail. He rejected Mr. Bush's central claim that Iraq was a central front and the global
war on Terry. Iraq was not even close to the center of the war on Terry before the president
invaded it, he said. As he said of the past, the president took Mr. Kerry the task for
inconsistency and criticizing the Iraqi invasion. He pointed out that the senator had voted
to approve the use of force in 2002 and it declared Sodom's Iraq to be a grave threat.
It was a threat, that's not the issue. The issue is what you do about it, Senator Kerry
replied. The president said he was going to build a true coalition exhaust the remedies
of the UN and go towards the last resort. These words really have to have some meaning
and unfortunately he did not go towards the last resort.
Throughout the debate Mr. Kerry commented the president for US military's failure to capture
a son of in London to a Borough in Afghanistan and for diverting resources from the battle
against del Qaeda to Iraq. In return, Mr. Bush hit back repeatedly with the argument that
Mr. Kerry's wavering position on the Iraq war and his description of the invasions of
diversion sent mixed messages to US troops and allies. That was also the main message
given home by Bush AIDS afterwards in Spinaly. Carl Roe, the president's chief political
advisor, pointed to what he said was a new contradiction in the Kerry position. He said
the war was a mistake but he also said he wasn't asking American soldiers to die for
a mistake Mr. Roe said. Here's the guy who voted for war and then says it's the wrong
war at the wrong time. How can you go to the allies and ask them to go in there if you're
saying it's the wrong war? Mr. Bush did appear to score some points hitting back at Senator
Kerry for a long-witted explanation of his position on preemptive strikes in which the
Democrat city would only consider such a significant past a global test and gathered international
support. The president said he didn't know what a global test was but added, my attitude
is you take preemptive action in order to protect American people then you back the
order to make this country secure. But at other moments in the contest Mr. Bush seemed
to lose track of his point between sentences and seeing the struggle to fill his a lot of
time for each response, challenged by Mr. Kerry for awarding tax cuts to wealthy Americans
while the money could have been used to improve America's counter-terrorist offenses, the
president's reply was vague and hesitant. Of course we're doing everything we can to protect
America. I wake up every morning thinking about how best to protect America. That's
my job Mr. Bush said. I work with director Mueller of the FBI. It comes in my office
when I'm watching every morning talking about how to protect us. There's a lot of really
good people working hard to do so it's hard work. He must have said that 5,000 films about
the whole it's such hard work. And I love the fact that Kerry brought up the fact about
the 35,000 hours of tapes of audio tapes which we had that story just yesterday as a matter
of fact that the FBI hasn't bothered listening to audio tapes of Al Qaeda. I should work.
In which they could be talking right in those tapes about the next plan of the technique
and getting all the information specifically about what it is. Oh, but we're doing a
hell of a job. It's hard work, you know. 28 past 11 at 560 WQM right now. Armstrong
Ford at Homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining old for is here
just some of the great deals waiting for you. And 04 F-150 pick up just a buck over in
voice. New old for explorers just a dollar over in voice. Rangers crowns, vicks, crown
vicks, crowns, toruses and focuses all waiting for you. It's just a dollar over in voice
only at Armstrong Ford at Homestead. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value with lower
customers when you buy your Ford for Armstrong Ford. You'll get their exclusive tires and
batteries for life program. That's right. You get tires and batteries for life. Their
value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there. Right now you get a free floor to
some pass with any vehicle you buy too. If you press for time Armstrong Ford knows
time is worth a lot of money. So calm and shop right over the phone. Just call 305 247512
or 1 hell of a deal. 305 247512 and don't forget they'll even deliver that new vehicle
to you wherever you are. Armstrong Ford at Homestead they're locally owned and operated.
They'll treat you just like family and I'll guarantee you I'll bet you like Miguel's
life on it. You won't get a better deal anywhere on a Ford. No bait and switch. No full
knee deals. Armstrong Ford at Homestead at 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 minutes
south of the U836. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars dot com and then drive a little bit.
Save a lot on that new Ford at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
Right there you bastard.
Just give me that old time religion of the old right salad and brain.
Remember not to do what I say you. Only as we say. Just give me that old time religion.
Our way is to best and if you don't believe like we believe so your ass is there.
All well Robert's to learn don't wear this kind of can't you.
They're living in the mansion with a big rose voice. Thank you so very good like you.
Be a good Christian man. He has to understand.
Sexy dollars are the same.
But keep your hands in the same position. That's all time religion and do those
rather things like when you're woman is at that time and a month you make your
sense outside for a week. That's all time religion and we are in our A.
So I can choose by loved ones in the eye.
I don't give a crap when it's alive but abortion is strong to me.
A man should make those two as wide as a whole in the sheet.
The Bible is the foundation of the holy Christian man.
Despite the fact it was written by man who did it where it has to see.
That old time religion with the Bible to obey and interpret it to validate.
By the current and hate just be the old time religious and by the church you many hit.
Anybody else who just comes or goes and says it's not sick.
So it's a good thing.
A rock solid.
24-till noon. What do you expect the condition of the world to be?
When you got a bunch of get's, you running around arguing about,
well this the Bible says this crap that was written by a bunch in the end of
the fall Zidians the years ago who didn't know crap from Shionola.
Oh what a Bible says there is in the ancient scripture say that and we just
dust it off and hold how about that thing that washed up there in Texas yesterday that
what was it that that will Jesus on a tripod is.
Oh yeah.
The crucifix.
Yeah.
764 votes already on our pool.
Boy we'd have probably 1500 already if Eric wouldn't have been out at the parliament house in Orlando last night.
764 votes I wonder if his life knows about that.
What's your take on the first presidential debate last night?
Carry one big 468 61.2%.
Carry by a bit by a smidge smidge in 93 12.1%.
How could anybody say that especially in our audience I mean what were you people watching.
That must have been I'm they must have gotten a fistful and quailudes that they were
are Jones and four from the 70s.
Yeah.
Any left over 12.1%.
I didn't watch 56.5%.
The format made it useless 48 6.2% which is wrong.
They both suck 30 30 say that 30 man 3.9% push one big oh yeah.
That would just depose a tyrant.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Boys one big about 30.
Boys in our 27 I'm sorry a draw on 19.
I don't give a smidge 16 and push by a little bit 13.
So let's see boys wins by a little bit or a lot 5.2%.
Carry wins by a little bit or a lot 73.3%.
See we might have given more choices.
Now the MSNBC poll I just checked it again.
They got a million 657 861 votes and finally the freepers are starting to like tail off in their impact.
It's still carry 62% push 38% very simple question who won the debate.
How do you like that?
And CNN is still about the same about a quarter of a point off 71.5% for
carry 21% for bush and 7% say a draw a tie.
Okay let's get 50,000 calls on here between now and two o'clock.
What's that schedule look like?
Well I don't know if that gym manager two of the mad dog will be on again today.
He's had a pretty heavy duty week of work.
Four o'clock it's got question mark and the mysterious.
Hank's not on today because he's doing his ESPN horse racing tomorrow.
It would be the big O.
Now we were having such a good day in it because such a good mood and carried it so well last night.
Now you hit me with a big O.
Oh my oh it's all I can say.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Or just the big.
Oh yeah.
The big.
Oh my god.
No see I want to.
The big.
The big.
The big.
Oh my god.
No the big.
Anyway it's going to be on 4 to 6 30.
I can't do it.
It's too abrupt.
In Marlins I'd decades 6 30.
Marlins at the fillies at level 5.
Through that lead last night unfortunately so they got to like what do they got to do?
You must have popped somebody on there son.
I did.
We have a caller with us.
Oh I see I'm lying one.
What do you hang on?
Any camera to baseball game?
I have them must have my magic.
QA and hello.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
I was working out this this week and I'm sitting
killing the time reading a book in the chair and the student came up to me yesterday and said
that you know where the ABC or the NBC 10s I said no I'm sorry I don't and said
and the Budweiser beer truck is supposed to be there.
Yeah.
I said these are our students.
Right.
Hey listen go to college and drink and beer man that's what it's all about.
You better get with it.
Lighten up a little bit.
At least some Bud light.
Can you believe him?
I'm not going to students for drinking beer.
That's the only thing I did.
Myster Brown baby.
Big half gallons of Michigan State.
I don't want to keep rehashing that story.
Everybody went through a Myster Brown period.
It was so huh?
Everybody went through a Myster Brown period.
Right.
What you did before.
I never had a buy any because I was the only one in my dorm with a fake ID so I used to be
walking with a big gym bag.
I was probably one of the few kids in my dorm that everyone know we were in the West
show with all the jocks.
Yeah.
We always just the right big bags.
But I had a big sack, big gym bag and I always was cranking and clicking as I came walking
on the hall with the big bottles of Myster Brown and they would buy me my beer because I had
the fake ID.
Nice going there huh?
Very good.
Let's get him.
What did you?
Yeah.
Exactly.
That's precisely correct.
Anyway, this pool is looking pretty interesting.
I think that at least we got some life back.
When it looked just like when it looked like maybe the country was going to go to hell
and a hand basket for other four years and maybe the end of the world was coming for more
than just skier Davis.
Right?
Hey, the end of the world came for that bitch last week or the week before a couple of weeks ago.
She just stopped and died on a sports skier Davis.
He been predicted and then lo and behold, there was.
5.670560.
Count 560 only for residents singular wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Hey, you doing all right?
Hey, listen, hey, I want to say I'm ecstatic.
I'm happy, I think.
John Kerry did a great job last night.
He's brought home the gold and we got two more to base to go and I think we're going to be close.
We're going to be close.
We're close.
One side is to hear that part when they were talking about character and Bush there's
something about putting his daughters on a leash and Kerry said something like that.
No, I don't do that.
Did you catch that part?
Yeah, I caught it.
Yeah, Wayne Quink next night.
It was really almost cute.
He was in Neil Roger.
He was in Neil Roger.
He was in Neil Roger.
It's so moving.
Everyone is talking about the controversial story.
Yep, the final day is a battle trump that his 12th of premises, the passion of the
Donald.
People tonight, somebody is going to betray the passion of the Donald.
Try infinitely chronicles the last forward meter.
Omarosa, you mean to tell me that you betrayed me for 30 pieces of silver.
You could have easily gotten three times that much.
Omarosa, you're fine.
The passion of the Donald.
He may be with, but he's never defeated.
I've always fantasized about you whipping me, but if you're going to work for me,
you will have to hit a lot harder than that.
Katrina, you're fired.
Don't lose.
We are inspiring conclusion about the passion of the Donald.
When one was of a preface, finally, mailed down the job.
Bill Kwame, it's time to decide who goes up to the heavenly suite and who goes down to the street.
But to find out, you'll have to do something far more painful than crucifixion.
A two-hour life finale.
Oh, I should know for Donald.
If you don't see him, you'll find him.
I'm 47, man.
Am I sick and tired of him or what?
And that was like 20 years ago already.
The Donald, man, his claim to fame is he's got a lot of money.
Whoopi!
I looked on Fox News.
I was going to give you the results of their pull, but I don't find one.
What I had heard is that they didn't take one because they were so,
they just kind of like threw in the towel and they pressed and all of them.
Huh?
They knew. They still the same thing.
So if anybody knows where to find that, it's certainly not on their website.
At any rate, here's the facts from Chip.
Now, I'm assuming you're having somebody send me these.
Me, I ran over to the other end of the building and I saw this.
Oh, isn't that what's the name of the...
Shorten the white of you.
Indeed.
It says, I was enormously impressed with Kirin.
He kept screaming at the TV at that chimp son of a bush every time he repeated himself over and over again
about Kirin changing his mind.
It's hard work to come up with something more original.
Hard work.
How many times do we hear that like every five minutes?
About 30 minutes.
Hard work being present.
Hard work and hard work and hard work and hard work and every morning now we're about
keeping American people safe.
What was he even having a response to that business about the 35,000 hours of
non-translated tapes of Al Qaeda and the fact that who knows what's in there because
and he meets with Robert B.
on every day and he likes his beginning.
Here are the news day pull results.
Which candidate was better on the issues?
Carrey 80.1% Bush 19.9%
News day.
Chris, that's all I long island Jews in New York.
That would be the excuse.
That always gonna have some excuse.
Carrey, let's see, which candidate's been had the best time for fighting terrorism?
Carrey 78.6% Bush 21.4%
Which candidate will do the better job at dealing with the situation in Iraq?
Carrey 78.9%
Bush 21.1%
Seraphore all these numbers.
Too bad.
Which candidate came across as the better leader?
Carrey 79.3% Bush 20.7%
Which candidate was most credible?
Carrey 79.1%
And Bush 20.9%
And regardless of your thoughts about the issues,
which candidate do you think performed better during the debate?
Here's the ultimate.
I mean, that's the, you know, who won the debate?
Okay, you ready?
All right.
Carrey 83.4%
And Bush 16.6%
How do you like that?
Even more wapsighted in on our poll,
which your my poll is a little,
little bizarre to me.
I don't get it.
That's not coming right newsweek or whatever.
Oh, yeah, right.
Anyway, another is a feat for El Presidente.
Boy, he's having a rough week.
The Republican controlled house
and, radically defeated a constitutional amendment,
banning gay marriage yesterday,
the latest in the stringer conservative pet crosses pushed to a vote
by GOP leaders in the run-up to election day.
The vote was 227 to 186.
Far shorter than the two thirds needed
for approval on a measure that President Bush is back,
but the Senate had previously rejected anyway.
How do you like that?
Far shorter than the two thirds needed.
God created Adam and Eve.
He didn't create Adam and Steve.
That's my original said representative,
Roscoe Hickit Bartlett, Republican at Maryland.
On behalf of a measure that supporters said was designed
to protect an institution
as old as civilization itself.
But guess what?
So it's factory.
How do you like that?
Oh, well.
President Bush earlier this year's scom
risk of vote on the amendment
and Democrats continue that in complying
Republicans were motivated by election year politics
how perspicuous is on their part.
Representative Steenney Hoyer of Maryland,
the Democratic whip accused the OPL leaders of
raw political cynicism and said they hope to create
the fodder for a Demagogic political ad.
Whatever the motivation, there was no disagreement
that the amendment liked the two thirds majority
needed to pass.
This is failed by a lot cited humongous margin
in the Senate earlier this year.
Goes on and on.
Another loss for the right wing,
the ultimate that is spewing their bigotry in their head.
Well, the Bible says, you know,
and he created Adam and Eve.
First of all, anybody who believes the story of Adam
and Eve, that person needs to be put in a straight jacket
in a rubber room.
We need to be separated from those people
so we can protect ourselves.
You see, the one thing you'll notice
that never comes up again about the Ehold Doors
and about how they're out to kill us
and you're just anywhere in the world
is we're talking religious analysis,
men, religious fanatics are all crazy.
No matter which stripe, which Bible, which beest,
but they're all crazy.
They're all dangerous.
And they're already decillioned name of Alaw
and the name of God, the name of Jehovah,
Joseph Smith, Phil and the Dianne Marie,
anybody, all of these things.
All of these things.
566-105-60CM, Ramadhan,
because we only have a three hour show today,
because a stirring was just rambling, man.
Even Bob Seager was like Winston.
He couldn't believe it was all one stuff.
Yeah, well, listen, I don't mind it.
Like I said, it's great if they go to 130 is fine,
but the closing seat, when Bob Abley
or whoever it is is going to be in St. Louis,
I don't think that's a really any great interest.
Come see me in St. Louis at Uncle Fumys or something.
I don't think that people listening in all the other markets
including South Florida really give a flying craft.
They're not going to get on a plane
and fly to St. Louis to see Artie or Bob Abley
or whoever the hell it happens to be.
It's just ain't going to happen.
So it's just a, but nevertheless,
we're not complaining, you understand.
We'll take them on it if we can get it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
if we can ever collect it.
It is quite a place.
W.A.M., hello.
Q.A.M.?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm calling on John Kerry,
the Rock Fellow Performance.
Yes?
And?
Yeah, and I just want to come in with me
and on the air.
I'm here talking to him.
Deal.
Yes.
Hi.
This is Louis.
I'm calling on John Kerry's Rock Fellow Performance.
Yes, there was a rock solid.
Did you like our just said?
Absolutely, sir.
Well, anyway, he'd be headed for us in the campaign.
He had a good performance and, you know,
it's time for people to open their eyes.
There's about 30 days left till the election.
You know, about 30.
You're right.
So let's get that out.
People over here.
Hey, and by the way, Louis,
this core and true respect,
you know, yeah, man, see you.
Louis.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
He just want to get all the droppings in there, you know?
No, no, no, no, no.
Drop it.
Drop it.
Man, roar.
Here you go, Louis.
And now, no, forget.
I'm dying on the air.
And most of all, Louis, I have no life.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is it Speedhouse still there?
Yeah, Benos here.
Where you like to speak when we can't have the sound effects of, yeah.
We can't play the sound effects.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
I mean President Bush and I can tell you there much more much more entertaining than the one last night just go to Neil Rogers comment click on the old hip hop to do that's a special thing and also check out what's your name Naya Maya Naya Naya keys my keys my my my keys as in my outsourced and she's the daughter of Alan keys that right wing very dark conflicted born again Bible thumping goofball was going to lose by about 70 points in the Illinois Senate race to Obama Verak
Obama or Samo Yamama and she happens to be a very proud and out bull bike and she's there with her gal Bell what she's a woman of Lesbos I say she's a Lesbos and she's there with her gal pal who's in the ones they're given like a deep throat kiss the ones got her tongue all the way down to her
puppet on the inside and then you know when she's like mounting I mean she's like they're hugging it's a warm affectionate hug
she's on her back man so ritual she's she turned around to get up my back bitch but anyway there she is vera and she's got a nice big blue button on her breast that says
George W. Bush you're fired it speaking Donald Trump you're fired it Arthur says yes the poll for Fox News dot com is right on their homepage down three quarters of the way on the right
okay well during the break I'm going to check that out again because I didn't see it I just I just looked where I scoured all of it in place but I
I'll be more than happy to pass it along because naturally the Nazi news network we go want to pass that and if anything like one
sided for Bush what does that tell you that's going to be real tip off join WQAM 7 to 9 PM tonight that the
derail ale house for prizes and specials on Cours light and tomorrow from 11 in the A.M. to 1 PM little George will be at
Bill Siles Mitsubishi don't step on him now kind of reminds me when I first bought tiny you know about my dogs
home years ago and he was about he weighed about a pound and a half and was so teeny and tiny that I kept stepping on him all the
time as I think back if I did just step a little bit harder you know anyway George will be at Bill Siles Mitsubishi and
baby at 53.95 South University drive tomorrow from 11 a 1 step out of win prizes which aren't much but you can enjoy a free
food which is a lot from Atlantic City Sub to Hollywood and get there early and enjoy it
you'll see the real Roger
and just sitting around the house with not much to do I got new Rogers on the radio and hey well you know
that it's a day away call it there 12 to 1 hour
on the
night with
well
He dropped the bloody blood
Since the Nakedo, back from the burger and fries
Are you rest or not near?
A noise in the rear, OJ is now being
Dropping your socks near the back, but there's somebody there
Ranting somewhere, all the surrogate from them
What's it that blood comes from?
On the surrogate from them
It's on the bloody blood
Bubble one!
Yeah, I discovered I was scrolling through the DCS last night before the debate
I discovered there's all kinds of stuff in here we can still play
Amazing! So if you're wondering when I'm like digging out some stuff I haven't played for a long time
And a great tier of that and dressing your both channels on that one too I made sure of that
When I dubbed it
I do want to say I apologize because I thought that Fox said well I would have let it out
They didn't put it up until quite well into the game because they've only got 46,000 plus votes
CNN's got over half a million and as NBC on their website they've got over 1.7 million
And Fox News got 46,000 votes
But at any rate, no wonder they're in verse to put it up because their poll shows the debate of time
15%, Bush won the debate 41%, Kerry won 38% and didn't watch 5%
And then there's 1% who were like, like a president
How do you like that? On the Fox News poll, 41% say the Bushmeister won 38% say Kerry won a 15%
Said it was a tie and of course most of those 15% to a verse who admit that Kerry kicked his ass
Is that incredible or what boys and girls?
New question two minutes Senator Perry
Colossal misjudgements what Colossal misjudgements in Europe and has President Bush made in these areas
Well, where do you want me to begin?
First of all, he made the misjudgment of saying to America that he was going to build a true alliance
That he would exhaust the remedies of the United Nations and go through the inspections
In fact, he first didn't even want to do that and it wasn't until former Secretary of State Jim Baker and General Scowcroft and others pushed publicly and said
You got to go to the UN that the president finally changed his mind, his campaign as a word for that, and went to the United Nations
Now once there, we could have continued those inspections, we had said I'm the same trapped
He also promised America that he would go to war as a last resort
Those words mean something to me as somebody who's been in combat last resort
You got to be able to look in the eyes of families and say to those parents I tried to do everything in my power to prevent the loss of your son and daughter
I don't believe the United States did that and we pushed our allies aside
And so today we are 90% of the casualties and 90% of the costs, $200 billion, $200 billion that could have been used for healthcare, for schools, for construction, for prescription drugs, for seniors, and it's in Iraq
And Iraq is not even the center of the focus of the war on terror. The centers at Gamma Stand were incidentally
There were more Americans killed last year than the year before where the opium production is 75% of the world's opium production
Where 40 to 60% of the economy of Afghanistan is based on opium where the elections have been postponed three times
The president moved the troops, so he's got ten times the number of troops in Iraq that he has in Afghanistan
Where a son of bin Laden is, does that mean that Saddam Hussein was ten times more important than if she had a son of bin Laden, I don't think so
Any way, but nevertheless, he was really good
I'm not a part of it. I've been tape-ed and I've watched it a couple of times and I thought to myself, this is a mismag
It was like the New York Yankees played like a Sandlot, but I said five-year-old kids
Is what I thought. I think I want to win, right? Right, Kady? Yeah. There's some good news for you
You know, the ultimate right-wing Supreme Court justice?
This is hysterical. Anthenon Scalia, I'll get back to Anthony
You know what he thinks are the way to ease social tensions? What? Orgies? Yeah
This is great! What's better?
He is the conservative bastion of the US Supreme Court, a favorite of President Bush and a hunting partner of the Vice President
He's argued vociferously against abortion rights and in favor of anti-sotomy laws, but it turns out there's an other side of Justice Anthenon Scalia
He thinks Americans ought to be having more orgies
Challenged about his views on social morality, Justice Scalia surprises his audience at Harvard University, telling them
I even take the position that sexual orgies eliminate social tensions and ought to be encouraged, Davis Great
Maybe those nine, the Supreme's on there, what do you think? Who's having more than a day's o'connor?
She's going to have to be busy
It seems unlikely that this is what President Bush meant when you promised to appoint more judges like Scalia and the Court to the opportunity to arise
And you know something, let me just interrupt my fine reading of this very amusing article and by saying, how come nobody's talking about that issue?
About the nature of the Supreme Court and the fact that a rovy way is hangin' by a thread and everybody's right to like any kind of privacy whatsoever is hangin' by a thread
And whether they can come and knock on your door three in a morning and take away your firstborn child, all these things
Nobody's even talkin' about that
That we need any more Nazis like Scalia and Renquist on a court, any more pop-pots-smokin flandering idiots like Clarence Token Thomas
Crucially, Justice Scalia is one of the judges in favor of overturning Rovy way
It says, the landmark judgment protecting abortion is a constitutional right. One audience member also acts the judge
Whether you have any gay friends and if not, whether you'd like to be my friend, the harbored crepes of newspaper reported
I probably do have some gay friends but I've never pressed the point, Justice Scalia responded
He offered no clue to the logic behind his claim that orgies eliminate social tensions
Nobody asked him whether he was familiar with Rick Moody's novelty ice storm turned into movie by Ang Lee, which appeared to suggest the exact opposite
Well, there you go
Justice Scalia says, let's all get naked and the screw our brains out, but of course, if anybody gets pregnant, it's clear to stop
That must be it, and how about Clarence Token Thomas too?
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines, the mad dog at 2, the big F4, and boy do we apologize for that
Hank isn't suspended again, I don't get all psychotical, although that could happen any moment
But he's in New York ready for ESPN to do a big horse racing show with Brent Mosper, and our honor should be fine
WQA and Held
QA and?
New York
Yes, sir, debate headquarters, yes
It wasn't a debate, it was a debacle
It's a question I call it in on screen, it's like call on a ranked 25 and it's disconnected
That's everyone
Okay, well, the resistance paid off
No, most people is not 20, it's not 30, man
That's not about 30
Now, on do you get to see standing candidates?
No
And even if I did, I wouldn't watch it anyways, it's like sawdust, it's a little too dry for me, you know what I mean?
Now, believe in, during the debate, they showed both candidates the entire time
Right, yeah, read that, they showed them side by each
That was hilarious seeing them squirm and being at item
Squinting a lot, squinting in like those facial, those smirking chin grimaces in has really sent me off
So just for everyone else here, you have the next debate if you watch on these candidates the right
Okay, paly
Neil, Scott
And don't forget Tuesday night, man, Scott Edwards slices up that fat piece of dirt
Dick don't call me Halibut and Man Cheney
I like the way you carry through that Halibut and thing in the right toward the end, of course
Of course, Bush just ignored that, but they won't be ignored on Tuesday, I guarantee you
How about share every other word's going to be Halibut and on Tuesday from Edwards
And don't sell him short because he's a trial lawyer
Right, you know there's a trick, a trial lawyer's man, slick his butter
Yeah, just because he's got nice teeth
And he got that big chanker eyes over, look, what is that?
I don't know, I think that used to be on Enrique's cheek
I think it's a tumor
Anyway, what's your take on the first president's debate?
Carry one big, 598, 62.6%
Carry one by bit, 115, 12%, that's 74.6% right there, almost three-fourths
I didn't watch 57, 5.9%, well I can understand that, I would have a lot of dullards out there
Why don't watch something like that when a whole future of the human race is hanging in the balance
Even though it's Pussy, you and I were all whipped up into a frenzy about it, how do you like that?
Which I was shocked
Maybe something's changing over there, do you think?
No
Now, the format made it useless, 56.6%
They both suck, 36.6%
Bush won big, 33.3%, 3.4%, yeah
A draw, 22, I don't give a shmit, 21%
And Bush, by a little, by a scooch, 16%
So that's 3.9% say Bush won it one way or the other, and 74.6% say Carry
Which is about right
W2A, I'm hello
We know how are you
Pretty good?
Yeah
Hello
Okay, I guess that was it
He just checked in this evening, okay
I think he got trapped off
He just cut him some slack, he's probably got one of my really crappy farms
WQA and hello
Yes sir
I'm registered independent voter
And coming into the debate, I was...
Can I interrupt you for once?
Why do you do that?
Am I in Florida?
Yeah, are you not allowed to vote in the primaries then are you?
No
So why do you do that?
Save me a trip to the voting booth
Okay
So I only have to vote once and I can pick whichever guy I want
Okay
You know, because I think generally both parties are corrupt and...
Right
That's correct
A pop on both their houses
I'm concerned
But I've been very disappointed in Carry's campaign, he seems weak and indecisive
And I was ready to listen to Bush and see if he could show me something in this debate
And what he showed me was that he is the stupid ass pockethead that we've always suspected he was
He was a bumbling, stumbling idiot
I mean, he just started, you know, empty platitudes
He kept repeating the same things
It's a hard job, it's a hard job
Yeah, well he's out at his ranch, 160 or 70 days a year
Yeah, but he's got good full service out there and he's talking to more leaders every day
Oh yeah, he's got a good relationship with Vladimir
Yeah, Vladimir
Whoever I said Vladimir, Poon thing, that was good
And well, in Carry's show a masterful command of the facts and issues
And, you know, almost not, you know, broad knowledge of policy similar to Clinton had
Right
And he is the man
Carry in the debate, I mean, wipe the floor with Bush
No doubt about it
I mean, how could anyone, I mean, even people like Joe Scarborough were saying, geez, how could you watch that
And not say that Carry won the debate, I mean, it wasn't even a contest
When somebody has biased these Joe Scarborough, I would say that, what does that tell you?
Yeah, I was impressed by that
And also, I looked at the Washington Times this morning, the conservative paper in VV
And Reverend Takamoon, right?
That they could do is call it a draw
And, but the problem is that even though Carry kicked butt in this debate, the real contest is what happened on election day
I hope that after all these things you tell me then, on November 2, you're going to tell me you're going to vote for Carry, please
Absolutely
All right
Absolutely, but I'm just so afraid that there's such a constituency for dumbass hicks
But don't forget, don't believe these polls, man, especially the CNN, Gallup, USA, the day polls, Gallup
They're admitting that they're oversampling Republicans by 10%, forget about that, okay?
Well, I just see, and we don't like any of these
I mean, they're a tremendous registration rat that's going on in places like Cleveland where you've had tremendous unemployment and poverty
And in places where there are a lot of poor people, those people aren't going to vote for Bush
I hope you're right, because I'm not going to vote for you
I like to ask Pally
All right, thanks
How do you like that? There's another one
They're building it one at a time, just like the QAM audience
You are the same thing, you're the new, new, new, Rogerance
Exclusively, the unbiased security
You need to get them
Know that the Lord even loves you, Rogers
Here
They're going on
Oh my God
That's right
I'm not afraid
I'm not afraid
I'm not afraid
I'm not afraid
Anyway, did I say 1217 at 560 WQM?
I don't know why we do that all the time, but it's just, I don't know
I don't know, but I don't know what it's mad obvious
They even said 2004
So in case there were people out there don't remember the year
We keep you abreast of that, kill some good time
And today's October 1st, which you know what that means?
No
That means if you have a watch like I do, you have to like skip by the 31st
Because 30 days to September in April, you got one of those windy delays
Ain't a watch?
You got an analog watch?
I have a saco chronograph, mister
That never has to be one of winding
Self-wounding, okay?
But that's self-dating obviously
No
Now, you're right about that
For big shot like me, you should go out and get a better watch
I don't understand why people buy expensive watches
So in the case you get mugged, isn't it?
Indeed it is, don't even bother
And let me tell you one other thing about why I still important that it's October 1
You know what the Tuesday will be?
What day will life be?
Look on your calendar there
Yeah
What will Tuesday be?
The fourth
If today is Friday and that's October 1st, what day will Tuesday be?
The fourth
I'm looking at the October calendar here
Today is Friday, October 1st, okay?
Yeah, the second is Saturday
The third is Sunday
Oh Tuesday, I'm sorry, I'm so on Monday
All right, the fifth, yeah, third
I don't even know if I want to say it
October 5th is Tuesday, DVD, Michael Moore, Fair Night, I love it
Oh, that's a DVD
Got it?
Thanks for ripping the page off the calendar there, Josh
A huge humongous day
So anybody that was like thinking, well, you know, maybe have a better watch then
And see what a bozo this guy really is after watching last night
Because there are millions of those people out there
And remember the art girl I had yesterday that read about most of the Americans
Don't even know the positions on the issues of the two candidates?
Yes
Well, that's another good point
I just got a blank sheet of paper out of my facemask
Hey, that's something?
Did it come from you?
Well, I tried to fact something that's better than you have been
Well, at least it's spitting something out anyway
Paul, I have a line like that
Back in the day, I would have said it, but not anymore
Or anybody out
Spitting out
Paul Krug met America's lost respect right into these New York times
Tuesday, October 5th, let me say it again
The DVD will be in a
Even in a slackbuster, it wouldn't be surprised
But don't shout out there, we hate them like poison
Go to your nearby video store and get Fahrenheit 9.9, let me get several copies
Or just get one copy and bring everybody to the hood over and make force them to watch it
Paul Krugman writes, as a result of the American military president pushed to clear last week
The Taliban is no longer in existence
It's unclear whether Mr. Bush missed spoke or whether he really is that clueless
But his claim was in keeping with his reelection strategy demonstrated once again last night's debate
A president who has done immense damage to America's position in the world
Hopes to brazen it out by claiming that failure is success
Three years ago, the United States was both feared and respected, feared because of its military supremacy
Respected because of its traditional commitment to democracy in the rule of law
Since then, Iraq has demonstrated the limits of American military power and has tied up so much of that power in a grand guerrilla war
This is in bolden regimes that pose a real threat
Three years ago, when North Korea have felt so free to trump at its conversion of fuel rods into bombs
But even more important is the loss of respect
After the official rationale for the Iraq war proved to be false and after America failed to make good on its promise to foster democracy
And either Afghanistan or Iraq and not least after
Abu Gharr rape the world no longer believes that we are the good guys
Let's talk for a minute about Afghanistan which administration officials tout as a success story
They rely on the public's ignorance, voters they believe don't know that even though the United States promise to provide Afghanistan
With both security and aid during its transition to democracy and broke those promises
It has allowed the country to slide back into warlordism and allowed the Taliban to make a comeback
These days, Mr. Bush and other administration officials talk about the 10 and a half millioner Afghans who have registered to vote in this one selection
He must have mentioned that how many times last night?
Fuck third man!
Siding with figures proved that democracy is making strides after all
They count on the public not to know and on reporters not to mention that the number of people registered considerably exceeds all estimates of the eligible population
What they call evidence of democracy on the march is actually evidence of a large scale electoral fraud
It's the same story in Iraq, the January elections become the rationale for everything we're doing yet
It's hard to find anyone not to be holding to the administration who believes that the election if it happens at all
will be anything more than a sham
If Mr. Bush and his congressional allies seem to have learned nothing from their failures
If Mr. Bush's return to office there's every reason to think that they'll continue along the same disastrous path
As Kerry said last night, more the same
We can already see one example of this when we look at the question of torture
Abu Gharr has largely vanished from the US political discussion largely because the administration and its congressional allies have been so effective at covering up high level involvement
But both the revelations of the cover up did terrible damage to America's moral authority
To much of the world America looks like a place where top officials can don't and possibly order the torture of innocent people and suffer no consequences
What we need is an effort to regain our good main, what we're getting instead is a provision inserted by congressional Republicans in the intelligence reform bill to legalize extraordinary rendition
The euphemism for sending terrorism suspects to countries that use torture for interrogation
This will institutionalize a cop gayist system under which suspects can be sent at the government's whim to Egypt or Syria or Jordan and to fight sex and move it up to the suspect that will be tortured on arrival
This is what we need to convince the countries of our commitment to the rule of law
Most Americans aren't even aware of all this. The sheer scale of Mr. Bush's foreign policy failures insulates him from its political consequences
Vultures are ready to believe how badly the war in Iraq is going, let alone how badly America's moral position in the world is deteriorated
But the rest of the world's already lost faith in us, in fact let me make a prediction
If Mr. Bush gets a second term, we will soon have no democracies like among our allies
No, not even Tony Blair's Britain. Mr. Bush will be left with the support of regimes that don't worry about the legalities
Resumes like Vladimir Putin's Russia, or is that Vlad-E-A-Puntang?
Something like that. Well, and Bush just came back to the 10-downing street, they did the thing because he had a little heart flutter
And the procedure was real quick, you notice, because they couldn't find a heart or a brain anymore
Pretty sad, Mr. Blah
Somebody we used to respect, who's an at-total sellout
But then again
Okay, here's like a little thumbnail now, instant polls conducted by the anxious right-wing gallup, ABC News and CBS
All declared democratic challenger John Kerry a clear winner of the first debate against President George W. Bush last night
Kerry accused Bush of committing a colossal error of judgment by invading Iraq, Bush countered by saying
that Kerry was sending mixed signals to our troops by criticizing the war after voting to authorize use of force in Iraq
It was a Kerry victory, but he never delivered that knockout punch, Russ Costa-Ritch, T.F. U.S. equities strategist at state street global markets
which oversees about a trillion dollars in assets that said the next two debates are going to be critical for Kerry
They're scheduled to be October 8th and 13th
And then Tuesday, not only do we have the Michael Moore DVD coming up for in high 9-11, but two of the nights the great-best presidential debate
As John Edwards mobs up the floor with cranky old dictating
The 90-minute debate in Coral Gables, Florida, 33 days before the November 2nd election, the Bush and Kerry, their brawness audience of the campaign
And LA Times Bull showed 88% of elected voters plan to watch or listen to the two candidates
About a fifth of the voters in the Times Bull said the debate might affect their vote, Bush entered with a lead of as much as 8 points in four surveys this week
But the last couple of days it's been running without a two or three points nationwide
53% of the 613 registered voters who watched the 90-minute debate said Kerry did better, according to a pool by Gallup for CNN USA today, 37% stacked Bush
And again, that's the Gallup pool where they interviewed mostly Bush supporters
It's just amazing to me and they have Bill Schneider on there for like about 30 seconds
If you didn't have any watching at that point you think it like well reflects everybody
And then you look on their website and you see they've got like over half a million votes on here now in 71.5% said Kerry beat Bush's ass in the debate
When you figure out which one makes sense
An ABC pool of 531 registered voters by 45% said Kerry won 36% for Bush
CBS's survey conducted by the Internet said that 43% of 200 uncommitted voters who watched Kerry see again
But at any rate these were uncommitted voters 43% said that Kerry won 28% Bush was the winner 29% said that they tied
European commentators declared Kerry the winner hailing the Democratic Charmander's pledge to rebuild alliances that they say Bush trampled by invading Iraq
And it's always on and on. Yeah, we just touching all the bases
Don't touch this one. Why not? I don't forget those mollons baby. We're running out of time
So I guess the only question is if they're going to finish second or third, right, Josh? Yeah
And they got three games left with a release tonight tomorrow in Sunday
I guess that there was one game that got rained out or something that they're not going to make up
Because unless it has a bearing in the standings, don't think it. Isn't that right? Right
I could say anything I could say there's going to be playing two weeks from a chivalrous address and say I think you got a point
You are listening to Neil Rogers exclusively on 5th Street
The E-Best is Luciano Pavarotti
Now the fattest of the three tenors is back stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by Mother Nature in a new CD box set
Pavarotti does Motown
Pavarotti does Motown
If you thought he was good with an area, wait till you hear him work over go real classics
Spell along, I may be lost, I need you, I want you
Pavarotti does Motown, gives you the chance to listen to solid gold tunes, brought to life in a way you never hoped for
I'm going to wait till the midnight hour, that's when my love comes swambling down
I'm going to wait till the midnight hour, who will let go of the elves alone
Okay so technically that one wasn't Motown but don't tell Luciano or Wilson Pickett
So what are you waiting for? If you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering
Dust for years to come
Pavarotti does Motown, get it while surprise lasts, by the way surprise you're not likely to run out anytime soon
And I can't understand why I love that, that was great
From 31 29 till 95 60 WQA, I didn't mention the Sunsendle pulled that eye
Nope, let's see they got 11, what are they got? 13,097 total responses
And who do you think won the presidential debate last night?
19.8% President Bush, 71.1% John Kerry, 4.9% of thigh and not sure as in 4.1%
Not sure, the opening because they're too stupid at least they admit it
So that's 71.1 to like a little under 20% there for the Bushmeister, that is consistent right across the board there
When you look at the CNN pull where they got over half a million votes now, 71.5% Kerry, 21.5% Bush, 7% that it was a draw
That's something
WQA and hello
Nail police
Nessir, debate central speaking
Hey Nail, how are you doing today?
Pretty good
Yeah, I just pumped over to the Russian real fat and he admitted halfway through the show that Bush was having a lead and then Kerry all of a sudden blew it
Yeah, just spin the guy put on air, just ridiculous, he did all his men, and I just can't get it you know
Don't forget he's preaching the choir man, he's talking just like the Fox News network, he's strictly preaching the choir
And even on Fox News Bush only beating by 3 points in air pool, that is unbelievably embarrassing
That is unbelievable, isn't it all the fucking parts of that?
What is it?
The first night I saw that too, was still Kerry winning, you know, that was in the very first day
Hey, I want more things, shameless requests
Yes sir, can I hear some silly, honest things, so we remember the good old days
You got them on
I take care
See you
Okay, calm down Russia, he will maybe be right over the fresh back for you
27 to 1 is 560 WQAM, QAM, hello
Hey Nail, yes sir
There's one thing that I can't figure out that Bush kept pumping on during this debate, he kept saying no matter how many inspections or footage you had inspections, he wouldn't have disarmed, thought him wouldn't have disarmed
Well, we know that there were no weapons and destruction, so what could you have disarmed?
Excellent thought, maybe they could have trapped his arms off
Yeah, I don't know he has brought that up that I heard, you know, talking about it, but you know, that's his whole rationale
Well, no, no resolutions would have gotten disarmed, just I mean what?
The dog? Is there a key?
I don't know
Good luck to us all
Okay, thanks, Ballet
Yeah, he kept talking about the weapons, but the fact that it doesn't matter is that we now admit that there aren't any
But don't confuse them with the facts, because they've changed the topic on everybody again
First it was the weapon-domached destruction, that didn't work as there aren't any, and then it was Ola, they were involved with the Al-Qaeda
Sodom and Al-Qaeda and Osama, they were pretty tight
Ola, that turned out to be alive, and Ochaedic had tried pushing it and pumping it in the anchored and his heart too, didn't work
So then they finally had to say, wow, we want to spread democracy all over the world, it's going to be good for Israel and all those people that part of the world
And once they see how it works, it's going to spread like wildfire
Well, then anything that's spreading like wildfire is terrorism
That's the only thing that- and somebody I know, a little midget guy, a little Julio that came in on a banana boat a year ago, he said on this show, long ago
Back when they started this crap, he used the expression, poking the hornets-ness
I said, you want to say that?
I said, they're going to whack the hornets-ness
They whacked it
They whacked one of the biggest hornets-ness in the face of the globe, and now all of a sudden we've got nothing but Sirus all around us
Iraq was just like Kerry said, they had him under the head
They had him contained, they could amuse him, they could be able to get rid of him and then they could interview him again
And that's it, maybe we can just say what's his name over there to assassinate some-
Spectations, inspections, no fly zones
Right
Like Kerry said last night, three quarters of the country was no fly zones anyway, so what was the big deal? What was the contain?
Just a dog and pony show in which a 156 American lives have been lost, not to mention all the wounded people who have lives have been destroyed, not to mention all of their families and their-
Their kids and their- all their relatives, over 10,000 Iraqis
Now it's way beyond that, way beyond that, they don't even know anywhere near what the real numbers, not to mention the 35 little kids that got killed yesterday, collateral damage
You know, they're in a way while they're waiting to get their candy
Sorry you're dead, just like the Americans that thought they were going to get greeted by with candy and flowers, they're soldiers
Yeah, there ain't no candy and flowers being handed out in wars, I hate to break the news to boys and girls, and that's what your president has done
He should be impeached, he should be facing impeachment hearings right now as we speak
And when you make the comparison, Clinton from the moment he got in, they were after him, they were out to nail his ass because he interrupted the right wing Nazi party in America
They were having it their way, starting with Reagan and 80, that was the beginning
And then we had that one term of that simple whim that's simple, read my lips, idiot
And then all of a sudden the party got disrupted, we're gonna have to say yahoo come from Bala
And they couldn't smear them with Jennifer Flowers, they couldn't smear
He was like one of their own Teflon people, no matter what they-
It's because he was tall and stood up straight
That must be it, and you know what the hell he was talking about
And so for eight long years they were trying desperately every minute of every day to try to bring him down, and the damn near did
Until we wound up with those stupid ass impeached me hearings because you lied about the sexual hanky-panky
Well, wow, how do you like that?
Sexual hanky-panky in which nobody died, nobody had their son or brother or father or sister or a killed
And we have impeachment hearings on that, the rest of the world isn't looking at us like are these people crazy or what?
They're crazy, really, I never thought they were, they're off their rocker, man
They're impeaching the president because he's lying about his sexual jinn, nobody else's business
Because he's married to an ICE princess and he wants to get a little on the side or maybe a lot whatever the hell he wants
She was a lot
What a piece of turd, man
And now we get a president who commits str- who lies, air me possible lies
The- the- the- the- the old Neil book, the Richard Clark book
There's 80's in in books with the American public readin' all
No, because it's like preaching to the choir again, the people already know that stuff where Readin' was books including me
It's all in there, you can go on our website, see that whole list of books on there, 80's in here, Readin' all, it's all handed the same stuff
It's so big secret
These Nazis were hellbent on going into a wreck before the hell they even took office
It was all part of that Neocon plan, baby
Part of the P-Nacka, the project for New American Century, part of the game plan
They were hallowin' for this crap for years
And then Clinton got in there and got in their way, spoiled the party
That's the Nazi party to you
And so then along came 2000, and when it looked like they weren't gonna win again, guess what we had to put the fix in
And poor fat ass governor, Jeff, he was over there in Tallahassee crying
He was gonna look like we lost, never said we lost
And then Clinton and Harris must have come in and pated him on the ass
On that big fat ugly ass of his and said, oh don't worry, Jeff, we got the fix in, it's all set
And so Jeff gets on the phone to brother GW over there in Crawford, Texas says, hey we won!
Nobody else knew we won, but they knew we won, remember that three o'clock in the morning
Yeah, it's their whole thing
All the numbers are like p-n-all over each other about what the hell was goin' on here
Who won, who lost, who's on first, and Jeb knew
And the reason that Jeb knew is because Kantor and Harris knew, because the reason of poor knew
Because if you didn't vote the right way, your vote didn't count
At this point now, I'm not even sure that my vote counted, I know I voted for Gore
But I'm not sure it counted, I think it was for Becannon
I'm serious, what kind of a communist much of crap is this?
And so they had a stealer way back in there, so all these right-wing lunatics, the God squad
could try to instill and force their hate and their hostility and their divisiveness
This is supposed to be compassionate conservatism, aye!
Compassion for the rich, compassion for the fundamentalist lunatics
At any rate, it's funny to want a QAA
And now we're standing strong, we'll ride your subordinates in we take
And force a crown of clock to fight for justice
Souls, torn blades we know
In a name no matter fell, whose first name begins with old
There's one thing we all understake
Our alchemy won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan
Absolutely
We could change some rounds forever, but our tanks and all our troops
Those special forces are some tired of jumping through them
Who's that?
You'd throw any need in other planes
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan
Now take a knee to nuclear tape
We're going to grab our feet, grab our feet, grab our feet
And blow up Pakistan
Our side on the rear, absolute direction
We're going to fly with 560 WQM
Also with the same CNN poll, not the one online, but the one that they did
with the Galap people, with the right wing Galap people
He just admitted that around there again, again, that it was 10%
Bush had a 10% lead in the group that they pulled again
Because Galap always has a 10% Republican bias in the group that they pulled
Which is at least 10%
Where's your opinion more or less favorable to candidate's last line?
In carries case, 46% more favorable, 13% less, and no change, 40%.
You got that 46, 13, 40.
Bush, 21% more favorable, 17% less, and 62% no change
I'd be like that
So in other words, there was a margin of 33% that the carry had more favorable as a point to less
And Bush, like 4%, just barely idzed out in the positive column there
That speaks for itself
Speaking of columns, Betsy Vaskwitz writes America clearly sees at last that the emperor is naked
And the moderate independent
She says, how bad was it for Bush so bad that Fox News website didn't even run any polls
So I went out in the beginning and they didn't until they got a gun there and pushed the head of pulling on there
So bad that all Matt Drudge could try and boast about on his website with that some Democrat call to the draw
So bad that even Bush's people could only try to say, yeah, he lost but so what?
Other media, let's end up telling you this election would be close and that the debates might even be as well
We hate to say it, not that much, but we told them so
Bush got to lie so badly, it was astounding
He was like a wounded animal desperate for a place to hide but not able to find one
For the past week the right wing had been joking about how carry was a sweater with sweat during the debates
But it was Bush who the camera saw wiping sweat from his brow and drinking heavily from his water glass repeatedly
And fumbling through his paper, desperate to find something else to say besides the one or two talking-point phrases he could manage to remember
There was no escaping or hiding the fact that Bush was not even remotely deserving of being on that stage
He was rambling and coherent, his answers wandered not only off topic but out of comprehensibility
In short, all of the things the president's handlers had been a deadly hiding from the public that the emperor truly is butt naked
Got stuck right out there in the bright light and now America knows
Even the Gallup poll which took its usual heavily republican biased sample said, carry blue-bush away
These were supposed to accrue to the non-moderate independent media because he's strong points for in policy and style
He got clobbered on both, he gave answers that were flat out dishonest, huge gaps that will certainly be brought back to haunt him
The AQCon that was been brought to justice said president Bush breaking about his national security record
Excuse me, how about reality, US supports AQCon pardon?
Is this story reports the United States has supported President for a proverb-machiarist decision to pardon scientists Abdel Qadir Khan who confessed to leaking nuclear secrets to Libya and Iran and North Korea
This man who gave nuclear secrets to Libya and Iran and North Korea, Bush got important and then stood before America last night and said he's been brought to justice
Bush even said at one point, I didn't need anybody to tell me to get to the UN
President Bush and his fantasy world has crumbled right before the American public last election he came across as one of the average people
This time he showed himself to be one of the special children who ride the little yellow bus
Not nice
President Bush had a Freudian moment from a hell when he was trying to counterkery charge that Bush confused Adam with Osama and then correctly attacked the record 9-11 instead of just going after Osama
Bush replied, of course, right after Osama was saying, I mean Midladen
President Bush didn't even come prepared with zingers, the usual Republican fed crack lines
No, on this night it was Senator Kerry who was calm, forced to relax in complete control and personable and funny
Kerry brought down the house when he talked about Tura Boris saying the president even outsourced the job of going after bin Laden when we had him cornered
Just yesterday said Kerry, General Eisenhower son, General John Eisenhower endorsed me, General Admiral William Crown, General Tony McBeat who ran the Air Force so effectively for his father
And all I believe would make a stronger commander in chief and they believe it because they know I would not take my off the goal, Osama bin Laden
Unfortunately he escaped in the mountains of Tura Boris, we had him surrounded but we didn't use American forces the best training in the world to go kill him
That was exactly what we said would happen way back in May in articles like these
The Bush people had been making a horrible mistake of running against John Kerry as if he were Al Gore or Michael Decocus
Why any sort of weak liberal types will let themselves be bullied?
We warned that Kerry wasn't going to let himself get bullied, that he had strength, charisma, and charm that the press was underestimating
No, he wasn't a smooth talking Southern Charmer like Bush or Clinton but he was a quite cool Northeastern type Charmer
Last night the Bushies went up there seemingly without a plan except to have Bush repeatedly and we mean repeatedly and repeatedly and repeatedly until they began to sound like rainman
Say that Kerry changes positions, he sends mixed messages, he changes positions, mixed messages, changes positions
We're not exaggerating here, Mac than we were fucking the number of times Bush mumbled these phrases in inquire and desperation
mixed messages, mixed messages, mixed messages, mixed signals, mixed messages, mixed messages, waiver
And he only stopped babbling that mantra when he was saying that one, not two but seven times that Kerry had called Iraq
The wrong war at the wrong time at the wrong place and not seven, not eight but eleven times that it's hard work fighting terrorists and it is just pointing out twice people were working hard at it
So people are sitting there saying Kerry gave actual coherent answers and Bush's lost sweating, pounding water like it's JD, fumbling through papers desperately,
sneering and looking miserable and angry like he wants to leave and giving answers that are incoherent rambles laced with flat out lies or misstatements
Over and over, this is the wrong war at the wrong time at the wrong place, hard work, this is the wrong war and this goes on
Keep repeating it a hundred times, we heard it
Only interrupted by changes position, he sends mixed messages, mixed messages, mixed signals
Folks, this was only a 90 minute debate and Bush got only half of it
The worst part was seeing the look of Bush's thinner spaces after where they were at first trying desperately to try and pretend they were one but couldn't muster it
Then they tried to call it a draw, no luck, so man they simply admitted the obvious that their guy lost, which coming from the Bush's means he really got clobbered
And desperately they tried to sell the spin to Kerry one but it wasn't going to affect the voters of the polls
Like we've said, this is not an election, it's a chump check
One candidate isn't even considerable, an America saw that clearly last night
And he saw the other candidate Kerry, there's no algorithm, they've been told he wasn't warm, maloof, unable to connect a flip-flop a holic
As our John Ashton said, all Kerry had to do was the past, I'm not a pushover test and there's no question he did so with flying colors
He nailed points like how about Bush let us some and get away at Torah Borah that the president had been given a free ride on until that point
And he made it important clear the stations about the rack policy
The president of the press said it wasn't clear what the difference was between Kerry's and Bush's positions on a rack
Kerry made it clear again and again, it's the Howard stupid, he said clearly and concisely I've had one position, one consistent position
That Saddam Hussein was a threat, there was a right way to disarm him in a wrong way and the president chose the wrong way
And he was very specific in pointing out that the wrong way meant and what the right way would be to win peace, to win people over there must trust
We are not there to occupy their country and take their oil
I think you're crazy, oh and by the way he also mentioned the only golden age protective was the oil ministry after they went into big town which was beautiful
I think a critical component of success in a rack is being able to convince the Iraqis in the Arab world that the United States doesn't have longer term designs on it
Oh yeah as Matt effected says in here, when the only building that was guarded when the troops went into Baghdad was the oil ministry
We created an insurgency security when Bush didn't guard the nuclear facilities, didn't guard the foreign office where you might have found information about weapons of mass destruction, didn't guard the borders
Bush created the mess that exists there now, he didn't want to make such a mess and will correct mistakes like these now, Kerry said
And again clearly pointing out how he would fix the situation in Iraq correcting the mistakes Bush has made, he said
I will make a flat statement, the United States of America has no long term designs on staying in Iraq
It will be nice to show some area where a moment where Bush and I and Kerry could use some improvement but there was none
Last night was an ugly complete disaster for the Bush isn't so far unlike with Gore, the non-MIMedia hasn't even even a cover for Bush on this one
No, tonight America saw that the emperor clearly has no clothes and they all realize as they gazed upon him standing naked before them for 90 painful tortured minutes
That the naked truth is the emperor really doesn't have much there
That's terrible
I love it
I love it
Don't forget to unqam that I had 7-9 pm at the Dural Al-Haus for prizes and specials on Cours Light
Enjoyed little George through our 11-01 and Bill Sattel's Mitsubishi and Davy he might even let you poke his hornets in us
That's 5395 South University Drive
Stop by to win some of our low budget embarrassing QA and prizes but if you get there early enough enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs
Or Ira used to make the difference and somebody else still does their now I'm sure
Come to QA and hello
Hello, dear
Yes sir
Thank you, Shannon, make some messages
And
Yeah, you're a hard work, you know makes messages
Yeah
Actually, I mean you didn't I'm not sure you mentioned but did you notice George Bush is nervous twitch that there's a little neck bob whenever
He's or something about it. It's not chicken neck bob. Yeah, so further accentuate the rain man complex
It's guys the president and people they're actually I spoke on a couple people who still think I'm still lying bitch to win the over
I'm like what is wrong with you? I mean here's the right you want this fight when you're over
Tell me I tried to tell me why you want to win you over you win you
You know you know you don't know nothing one of them over there
You know what that's like that would be like saying they're waiting for eight-off Hitler to join the eight briths
You know what I mean?
Yeah
Some people are hopeless. Neil just got accepted
Good luck, Paulie. And don't be sending any more than mixed messages, please
5667-0560-0.560 out of a residence singular wireless line. Whoa, we only got an hour to go feels like we just set our fantasies down here
You know earth. This is really bad. Well, here's our poll results so far. What's your take on the first presidential debate last night?
I don't forget Tuesday night October 5. It'll be a John Edwards and Dick Cheney
1139 votes carry one big 62.7% 715 votes carried by a bit he won it 139.2 that's 70 a 4.9% almost 75 it's getting close
The format made it useless 71 you're wrong. I didn't watch 66 5.7%
Do you really believe that 94% of this audience watched the debate last night? That's amazing. We can only hope. You see that was one of the things that they were talking about yesterday
And we still have no rating kind of numbers in a rating like that yet, but they said that if they had a gigantic viewership for the debates last night that it
Portended for a big voter turnout on November 2. That would be great. We hope. Bush won big 44 3.8% silly people. They both suck 38. I don't give it to me 24. It was a draw of 24 and bushed by a bit by a little
My name is 10 or 18. I'm sorry see and bushes numbers together and you got let's see 5.3% against 74.9% it's pretty close
You want to see that the little Roger is losing weight on 5.6 feet
I am
Oh
My favorite Republican this is Madronge and it's time for the excuse me uploading. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power
Oh
Another football
I
The
And
The
People
So long for she been long time before her day you know too long dance rate big bad Orlando brown one minute past one at five 60 WQ
And lawmaker expresses this made that White House allegedly wrote allow we speech after he's a puppet you understand
Right
Right
I mean Bush was very indignant last night over the fact that carrying his people said that he was a puppet at a White House and we're so disrespectful to him
In letter to the White House a leading West Senate Democrat expressed profound dismay that the White House allegedly wrote a large portion of a
Reki Prime Minister Allowee speech to Congress last week. I want to express my profound dismay about reports that officials from your administration and your
Election campaign were heavily involved in writing parts of Prime Minister Allowee speech
California Senator Diane finestein wrote in a letter to President George W. Deer in a headlight bush. You may be surprised by this Mr. President but I viewed Prime Minister Allowee
Speech as an independent view on conditions in a ragsgy road. His speech gave me hope that the reconstruction efforts were proceeding in my and most of the country and the
Lessons would be held on schedule to learn that this was not an independent view but one that was massage by your campaign
Operatives John this is the speech and reduces the credibility of his remarks finestein wrote not that he's a puppet or stood you understand I understand
Her letter was response from article appearing yesterday's Washington Post which also alleged that Allowee was coached by US officials including Dan Senior
Former spokesman for the Coalition Professional Authority in Iraq and perfecting his delivery of the speech delivered before a joint session of Congress one week ago
But he's not a puppet you understand
No he might as well be on Bush's hand around Rumsfeld's hand
Man like senior wenches that I want that's right for God she works for CNN covering the Bush campaign 5 6 7 0 5 60 all at least 110
And served and killed in Samara and I was the big at Sinist last night
Lomick resistance that's the rallying cry in an audio recording supposedly of Osama bin Laden's right hand man
I'm in azoari oh yeah I was a worry we got him yet. How about those Sami amama?
But we got cats Stevens baby let's hear everybody this weekend should be riding around with their windows down the Ellen we don't have Osama yet
That'll be soon but we got cats Stevens
Now how can you how can you question a leader who fights the war on terror by arresting love within the rest of my deporting a dangerous hardened criminal like cats Stevens
We'll see that door Lee anymore right put his ass right on that freaking peace train
Very few I am hello hello yes sir yes I like talking to you speaking
You know how you doing buddy how are you pali?
No I don't understand what these idiots if these idiots in the United States they don't believe in this idiot Bush I mean the guy was back and forth back and forth with the same old man
He thought I put the bomb that he put I don't know what is with this guy commander and chief this guy couldn't command the road she's out in the right house
I mean what are we doing now get rid of this guy Jesus Christ
Alright that was great excellent you see now that they actually had a chance to see these two side by each you know all the commercials in the sound bites in the throw in the mud and all the other crap
and this one is this this one is that and he didn't bleed enough and this one's a draft out here which we already knew
But then when you get a chance to see him standing there side by each and carry stands there like a responsible human being like a leader very presidential looking
Varia in command of what he's talking about and then you got this other twitching goofball fool who's like like like that article that I read from the independent like he wanted to run off the stage
He didn't look at his watch like daddy did a couple of times they must have coached him don't do that but he really wanted to get out of there in a worst possible way
And of course when you were in the Gables can you blame him?
No WQAM hello
QAM not there WQAM hello
Hey Neil?
Yep is that you?
It's Carol
Hey I'm becoming chronic
Okay
How great was that?
How great was Carol last night?
I'm just going to especially compare to the expectations that we had with the way he's been bubbling around for a few weeks
He was so clear I don't know if anybody's talked about this but did you notice how at the end every time the little life flashed he finished with and that's why I'd make a better president
He just completed it so perfectly
He handled it so perfectly
And George Bush looked like a midwinter
And honestly he looked like a midwinter
He was right after this working term chimp last night I mean that was him all the way
Oh here he is George
I was like what's going on here
And he was confusing because there was so many mischievous messages
Right right miss
You know and he was he really was unprepared
I'm Perry is so well informed
He's well informed he's intelligent
You know what's going to be really important though is if Edwards does a really super job against the Channe on Tuesday
That could be really don't sell that one short that could be big
I know I suddenly had that fear
I suddenly had that fear because I haven't seen much of Edwards lately
And Channe is really a swindle
I mean he is just a sneak and a cheat and a thief
As far as I'm concerned it's dangerous human beings
Yeah but don't forget once Edwards brings up Hallibur and he's not going to let go of it
Right right well yeah you know but they're going to be sitting down and you know there's something about that
I'm worried for Edwards
You know I am worried for him
I carry really proof what a class act to you
Amen
Okay sweetheart look so the things are looking up
Things are
Take care
Take care of my bike
Bye bye
5670560, Pompi 60 and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Lines
Here on the Bates Central
WobbidikyuA and Herb
They're not there
Hello
What is it?
I'm sorry
Don't be sorry
Anybody talking about the 25 year anniversary?
Of Reverend Jones no
Somebody QA him hello
Hello Jiu
How are you?
I'm sorry the other one
Oh I always have his boyfriend on the other phone
Oh they must have been like grabbing each other's butt when we first punched it up there
Somebody QA him hello
Hey how are you?
Okay
I just turned on you so I didn't know if anybody had mentioned me many times that he said nuclear
Yes I did mention that
Okay and I'm going to call you a lawyer
Maybe a lawyer of a leases consistent yes?
Yes of course
The other day they had a wonderful governor on the some stupid thing
And they actually showed him under the pit that actually his real name instead of Jam
And they actually made other China maybe
Not not making work like such a Yoko
But using his real name I've never seen them do that before
Pompi Dam
Yeah right
It looks like a fat ass Yoko to me but I'll have a great day
By the way I told you the other day so pretend you don't know
The P in the grandson or that I mean the nephew whatever the hell he is the nephew
George P. Bush
The one who keeps driving around in circles and his real friends parking on
Yes he is
He's not looking so good anymore but anyway the good guy is for Prescott
Yes
George Prescott Bush
Wow I wonder if he wears a swastika
Maybe he's got a swastika tattooed on his rectum
Somebody QA and hello
Yes sir
I heard that the law of emotions that will be monitored in the election to your right spot
That's the United Nations International Law monitors, yeah
Yeah they're going to be monitored yet to the target's column
Thank you very much
WQA and hello
QA and
Danny Neal
Yes sir
George how you guys doing today?
We're doing sensational, Palley
Man, what off the S for that world last night
I have no point in affiliation
I didn't know much about this area but last night
if he didn't make the president look like a stone idiot
I enjoyed, I enjoyed watching him swarm for 90 minutes
Did you see that 80 audit green that our president was wearing 90 minutes?
The death sound about two thousand is very good
Exactly, I'm surprised and say that at the end
560, 560, 0560
And again we certainly hope that C-SPAN is recording a lot of these calls
so they can play them to the national audience a little later on tonight
Or maybe we're over the weekend, I get a lot of time to feel
Stick a look at that chin about Iraq and sending people into Iraq
He just said the enemy attacked us
Sanamazane didn't attack us
No, Sanam been locked in the attack us
And it's still, I mean we realize how many stupid people there are in America
because we got all this functional illiterates in the education system
There's a joke and a lot of people just screaming
Give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball
But the fact in a matter is that when there are still this enormous number
there are millions of people who are like they can't connect the dots
So how their threesome of four makes these connect the arrows things
That goes to the series, he's trying to screw it up again
They can't connect the dots
There's only a couple of dots there man, what's that?
We get attacked by Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda
So let's invade Iraq because Sanamazane's a bad guy
Oh okay
A Christian told us sure makes sure makes sense to me
He moved in the map
What's your take on a first presidential debate while we got now?
Look at it, 1189 votes
Secondly, we'd have 2000 if Erica wouldn't have been out of the parliament house last night till four in the morning
Well listen, you know sometimes late in life things change, you know
Is that some gay thing that the rest of us know about?
What's your take on the first presidential debate?
1189
Well, what's in on that?
You know, you're not supposed to know about those things
Carry one big, 751
In fact, we better hope that Eric doesn't know about it because if he doesn't know what it is, well
63.1%
Carry one big
Carry one by a bit, 144, that's 12%
The format made it useless, 75, 6%, didn't watch 67
Only 5.6% of this audience didn't watch last night, that is amazing
Look at that, more favorable after the debate of carry 46%, less 13% no change, 41%
46% more favorable after the debate
Bush 21% more favorable, 17% less no change, 62
Including me already knew he was a knitwear
Bush won big 44, 3.6% right, they both suck 42, I don't give a Schmitt 25
It was a draw, 24% and Bush by a tiny bit 19, 1.5
So, and those Bush won numbers together, 5%
He had the carry ones now over 3.4%, 75.1%, pretty tight
Way I look at it, don't you think?
It's tight, but I got a 3
5.1% to 5%
Nippentuck, mech and neck, nose to nose
I've been telling you for a long time why I ought to be shopping at 1-800 mattress
Now I want to take even more
The outer mattress is proud to announce that they carry CLEE posture pedeck the number one brand in mattresses now
So call 1-800 mattress today and you get factory direct prices on all CLEE posture pedecks
When you call 1-800 mattress you get same day delivery all across off Florida
By calling 1-800 mattress you get to choose from the deepest and widest selections to be ready all available for same day delivery
And just like they've been doing for years they still let you pick the date and time
The two are wonderful, living to fit your schedule when you're going to be home when it's convenient for you believe it or not
And Dottomackers shows up on time 99.7% of the time
Dottomackers, they rank number one customer satisfaction
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torts of Excellence Award
All the smart folks are making that call even some who aren't too bright
1-800 mattress, that's the way to do it
Like I always tell you if you want to waste your time money in gas and rip it off
Go to those vetting departments stores, shop around all over town
But if you want the best deal going just sit there on your fat ass or somebody's fat ass
And make that easy call at 1-800 mattress and get into yourself a great night sleep for years to come
On the web it's mattress.com or call them right now at 1-800-MATT-R-E-S
It's a new mattress, that's the most amazing thing to do
But why are you bursting?
She's finally soy leaking out
Excited by the roadside
Sniffing from the body roll balls
Far from bush and body fell
And I stole the rice not down
It happened when she realized
She raised her grip in the crowd
Far from bush and body fell in line
And she said to me, hold and craft me
And she ran for rice and chest
She's a trowshin'
Who said, I'm great to run away
Why does it say what's so wrong?
What's like she's carrying an apple
And pulled between her thighs and eyes
For the town to shine
She doesn't seem to fall
As if she's always crying
She's waiting for me to talk
But from bush and body fell in line
Three days a short pause
And she said, for sure, not so bad
And she's being able to laugh and watch
She'll be reaching back
And she smells just like the kind of sauce
And a thin knife
Far from bush, we've got no time
It's for crying on a bad day with
So many times we've got
Over there, that armored vehicle is massing on the Gaza border
Don't tell me those Jews and Arabs are at it again
Are they? What a shock, huh?
What a surprise!
Especially the era of Shabbos
Anyway, it's 118 at 5.60 W.D.K. We had a bunch of faxes
Now you must have run in the other part of the building yet
How come it is that their phone line seems to be working with that one is all screwed up?
Are you guys in trouble again?
Yes, Mr. Upady demanding
John says, that's okay, I finally got that check yesterday
So it was only like six days late
In fact, that's the answer to this guy Larry and Dirk will be choosing
The intentions are very good, but Larry, see if I'm going to work for somebody I would like eventually to get paid
Now sometimes when you're working for this company, it's a little bit late, the better late than ever
But they always do clear and sooner or later you get them if you're screaming up
But with Air America, forget about it
Although I do respect tremendously Al Franken and that wonderful sidekick
What's her name again?
Hi, I'm Joyce, no Catherine Lambert
She is Al
We have her! We have her!
Oh, whatever her name is, she is Joyce, that's all I have for I had
Anyway, Larry and Dirk feel it says, nothing is anything wrong with her, but you'd be so much better on Air America than Randy Rhodes
And especially better than tapes of Randy Rhodes that are from like the day before, which is going to be asked tonight
But then again, it's cheek channel, what do you expect? They're still in the fractions, by the way
Sadly, I find myself listening to you less and less likely, not on purpose, but just because one being a political junkier
Let's mostly hear America now, how sad!
Although Al Franken is very, very impressive and a very tremendous humorist
And two, I rarely tune into 560 anymore, not that that insipid boring what's his name is on for so long and a morning
He's not talking about the stiromy's, do you see? It says, how the hell does he make a living with a moronic show like this?
Well, Larry, watch the leban, it's all I can tell you, we're doing the best we can
John Faxesen says, they found some underwear in a garbage can behind the convention center in the BTS
They had a presidential seal on it and stains all over. Well, I'm sorry Joyce, we probably shouldn't have built two people into that
Mike and Miami says, I was a registered Republican but after last night's debate, all of that changed defective immediately
I didn't vote for Bruce Langston and he sure as hell isn't in my vote this time
To hell with that monkey, I'm sorry, smoking chimp, carries the man for the show
Okay, nice going, you go, Mike said
Brad said, what are these Faxes up to the ass here, aren't they?
What do you have to put them there? Well, it's a place to store them for a while
Brad said, you should watch C-SPAN, I don't get C-SPAN here at the runner so I can't watch even if I wanted to
And secondly, I don't want to get to see, C-SPAN is not for me
You know, the only show that I ever watched on C-SPAN that I really liked, I give up
On the weekends, they have that where they have different authors on
And a couple of times I close them lengthy interviews with Grovedon
There were of course, you know, he's great
And that's good, that's good stuff
But that's like, once every five years they have something worth while watching, it's kind of like TBS
Although I will say Jim Laird did a pretty good job, I did not like, even as much as I despised the Bushmaster
I didn't like the fact that they're toward the end when Carrie even used the liar word
But something like that, questioned the integrity or...
And he was prodding Bush a little bit to try to see if he could raise his dander
And it was very obvious and I think it was totally inappropriate
And then he made the opening there, and I'm very con-god
And I'm getting credit for that, he didn't get sucked in that
Because it's the one thing we were looking for is that he gets temperamental
Like the time he walked off the stage and depressed conference, how come they're not using that clip?
How come who thought using it, the media?
The Democrats, there are some of these other, you know, all these 80 million committees that are running these spots
I mean, that would be so f-ing- this is leadership, a man who crumbles because he gets a question
He has an oppressed conference and sulks and walks off the stage
I don't like it at all
But anyway, Brad says he should watch CNN after the debates when they take callers
Talk about morons, they make your callers look like Robert Goddard
Most of his supporters were women
And about 90% of them were faunting over him, saying how they trusted because he's a man of God and faith
And Brad says...
Oh my God
Watch next time, hi, Comedy, I can't see everyone watching anyone
No thanks
I've seen that crap, I've seen when they take those in civic calling all day rednecks from the red states
Well, Jim, I think that blood was just one to fly at night
Abu Gharrab
Excuse me, I'm picking the lives out of my daughter's hair right now, but I thought he was really good
Neil, I don't know who won the NFL Championship in some 50 years ago, 73-0
What's upon the time I did know that?
I know that Jacksonville beat the dolphins in a playoff game, 67-0
Wasn't that the score Josh not too long ago?
Nah
Wasn't?
Sorry
Oh, was it?
What was this for them?
I don't remember, it wasn't that though
You know, you already dug a whole half way to China, and I think you're gonna wait for you up in the morning with rice on your face
Maybe, maybe, Jim Fry Rice
But you checked that for me, what was it?
Somebody will tell us, I was 67 or something, I mean even 67-3, I think it was 67 as if
Why are you saying no?
That's not his recollection
Well, you're full of it.
Anyway, this debate in quotes sets the New World Record for humiliation.
Have you ever seen a cat playing with a mouse by tossing it in the air before devouring it?
Yeah, they like, push it around with their paws, you know, it says I kept waiting for Bush to pretend to pass out and fall on the floor like he said in a live bit.
By the way, a $5 battery operator watched a target keeps better time than any designer watched.
Why do you probably got a good point here?
So my watch keeps great time, and I'm not complaining about it. George was the one saying, oh don't automatically change the date?
You were the one who said that
No, I just mentioned that and then you were questioning like, oh must be a crappy watch.
It's a fine, I love sake of watch.
It's an analogue
It's a, uh, uh, yeah, it's not, I know it's not a digital, digital.
Why would you want a digital watch?
Because that's what most are anymore.
And because they can't take it out of the air.
When's the last time you went to a department store, looked at a watch department, you're talking about most watches are digital, you're dreaming?
I guess it's about half an hour depending on how fancy you're going.
The only watches that are digital are just cheap like, uh, for a kid watches that adjust the date automatically.
Oh, well guess what? I know what date it is.
In fact, when I asked you about Tuesday the 5th, you said, yeah, the 4th.
So you figured out.
Black motor is carrying new plot to steal votes in Florida, right?
It's David Rennie in Tampa for the news telegraph in England.
How come the goods stories are always in the UK?
They've got so many constipated fools over there, and the prime minister's heart vanished.
And of course they got all that problem with the Queen.
And for Prince Harry, he's only making a few pounds in the military.
For Prince Harry.
Oh God, it's so constipated, it's so pathetic, you silly-ass brits.
I blame them for all of America's problems.
Roosevelt Lawrence could not prove there's a Republican conspiracy to see a black and minority votes in Florida, but that is what he is suspect in his, his services misheared by huge numbers of his fellow Floridians from Democrats to moderate Republicans.
The presidential election is just a month away, just as the is in 2000, when 537 votes to the side of the issue, Florida is married in ecuacutations of dirty tricks and competence and election fraud.
Mr. Lawrence, a Baptist deacon, and grandfather from a poor black history of in Tampa has caused to be suspicious.
Shortly before the 2000 election he was told he had no legal right to vote.
He was a felon, a serious criminal, who had never received clemency from the state.
But it was wrong, as it was for thousands who were wrongly placed in the 2000 voter purge list.
Many had already received clemency, others who were victims of mistaken identity.
Who just happened to be black, by the way?
Mr. Lawrence was one of tens of thousands struck off voter rolls in 2000, accused of being ex-convicts and convicted felons, a Florida law dating from the slave era bans those convicted of a felony from voting in a list, granted clemency by the governor of Fat Ice Jab, both who just happens to be the president's brother.
Mr. Lawrence, a former civil rights worker, spent months scouring court records back to 62 before proving his right to vote, you just can't imagine how many people didn't take the time I didn't just give up, he said.
I believe what happened last time was systematic and ran through the governor right to the president, he said, I hope my vote will be counted this time.
The state's Republican governor led by the state's government, led by Governor Jab Bush, the president's brother, has said it's working to control voter fraud.
Anybody buying it? Anybody expecting it? Anybody believing it? No.
It was seen by Democrats and made blacks as crude intimidation, they pointed to Winston such as fraud investigations that resulted in armed policemen being sent to question 50 elderly women and their were land or homes after they applied for absentee ballots.
Grave concerns have been expressed about new electronic voting machines, after Florida officials declined to purchase printers that would print a backup paper received. That's still a limbo, by the way.
And thank God for Robert Wessler.
You are a new Roger C.
The president of the White House, UAM.
Hello, this is Albert Kina from Charlie Van Record, inviting you American into the Elk to buy latest cast-evens collection.
You know my mom is right, let's shake your head off your body, got a machete with the real chart plate, how I wish I had an American heart cinch, make those in middle lane.
I was so intruding this classic.
I was on the air plane, and suddenly with the change, their mag is iron bird, and where it's out on my head.
I know what I'm saying!
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really!
It's not time to get off the plane, just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb, that's your fault, and wouldn't have been a fire or a joke. Find dark skin, and a rat.
If you want, a detainee.
I know my variation on the classic!
I asked myself every day, which Americans should pay, tell me who would move on and slay me.
I'm just saying you never know, I'm turning to the neck of a woman.
She lived in an exporter's cell.
So buy Newcastle events collection today from 1995. Or you can play with Lisa Mastercard or Webinar of Mastery Trucks.
I just love that.
It's 132, 28-2, 560 WQM.
Mad Dog at 2, we apologize because Hank is in the horse racing in New York, so we got the big...
Oh!
...Lumox at 4, and then you got Marlon's on deck at 6.
Marlon's at the fillies is they wind down the season, wind down the stem on the watch.
And trying to like finish second as opposed to third, which they can do, I guess, any key after the baseball game.
That's the schedule.
And then if you look at that thing on a weekend, then we got games up the ass this weekend.
Can you believe that?
Forget with that.
Hurricanes play Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets, which is like another little girl school, and you got Marlon's again.
And then of course the dolphins on Sunday, the dolphins to play the Jets at P.P. Park.
Boy, oh boy, oh boy, pressure packed.
But we got the J.P. Breastard, is that going to help?
No, that'll do it.
By the way, there was a 62-7 this quarter.
Oh, excuse me.
QAM, hello.
Hey, now I'm getting tired.
I don't care who one is the big carry or bush.
Oh, I care about it.
Is my Jets kicking a clap out of the fins Sunday?
Yeah, great.
Call up all of the sports shows, you idiot. That was either a market Jets fan.
His Jets?
Yeah, his Jets.
His Jets?
What's LLA1 since 69?
Anything we can think of?
No, that can be true.
Your Jets.
Oh, how very sad.
And you know something, that's a typical sports that we're going to do.
He can't be bothered with stupid things like politics and the election and stuff like that,
even while innocent people are dying all around him.
I wonder if they were like sending his kid off the diner vacuum.
He'd be talking to the same crap, the same bull crap.
You'll take your Jets, your JETs, and shove them right up your button.
If he got any leftover shirt, I'm up above the door.
Oh, but he ain't got much going on these days.
He's had kind of a reprieve lately.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Vodiquan Smurfing, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Reacons.
Yeah, no humans.
Yes, sir. He said Bodequa.
Yeah.
WQAM?
Yes, sir. Speaking.
Who's that?
World famous neo-Rajas show speaking.
Oh, is it a male?
Yes, it is.
I just want to register my vote for a carry and then to ever see the likeness of Alfredi Newman
when Mr. Bush smiled on the screen.
General Pally, okay, thanks.
I bet you've been thinking that one up all day long, you know?
How many times did I mention Alfredi Newman today?
Five, thirty minutes.
That's okay.
It's got probably sleeps in late, for four years now, anyway.
Well, I know he's probably out till five, six in the morning,
check it out, then dumpsters for any leftovers.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, five, sixty.
On the, yeah, so he's been called a red.
On the Verizon and Singular Rital Slides.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I watched the debate last night.
I don't think both it's pretty good, but I think everybody agrees to carry one.
Right.
But you've been having a question lately about how the Republicans are going to deal with the election.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you how, because I remember how they did it four years ago.
Okay.
And maybe you don't remember, but the Supreme Court said that American citizens have no
light to hope for president and the state legislature has plenary power, absolute power to send up whatever
much first they want, whenever they want to.
And I have no, I'm going to scumbag the Republican state legislator, whether it's a true or is going to meet
White FU election.
So they all, the election wasn't that good, we're worried about the computers, maybe there were towers, maybe there were
towers, and they did it before and they're going to do it again.
And the Supreme Court said it's just okay with that.
So I'm worried about that.
And that's something that people still don't know about, and don't talk about.
Did you say do it again?
Yeah, they did it in 50,000.
You're both tutin' right at the end.
Yeah, you made it like a huge result of G.O.P.
Then it's too late at this time.
The president is the president of the president, the president of the president, the president of the president.
He might grab the hand.
Then it goes dry and it goes with short of blurring and cold air smoke.
I'm worried with God of fear.
You choose the field, the right type of children.
The children must be killed.
The right is chasing for the right path.
Ground down, ground down, ground down, ground down.
We can see the right, we can see the right.
We can see the right, we can see the right path.
We can see the right, we can see the right path.
We're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
We're in a last-fighted side, go, net the, dashed the outcomes through us again.
We're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
We're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
You're in both battered loop, or when you go, I can straight forward push too.
He's starting to look pretty good now.
It's all relative.
We don't want to talk about the sales.
What would that be?
You're doing there?
Oh, it's a staple remover.
I'm just really fascinated by the sound it's making right now.
Well, don't be making the sounds that Joyce could make.
Missing trippin'.
No, no, we can't make that sound.
I'm talking right now.
New York Times editor out of the day about the debates.
What do they got to say?
Well, it's shortened right to the point.
The first debate.
If Americans who tuned in the last night's presidential debate were waiting for them to candidates to catch each other in a fatal error,
or leave him stammering, the event was obviously a draw.
But if the question was whether Senator John Kerry would have heard presidential,
whether he could present his positions clearly and succinctly,
and keep President Bush on the defensive when it came to the critical issue of Iraq,
Mr. Kerry delivered the goods.
George W. Bush is famous for fierce discipline when it comes to sticking to a carefully-honed, simple message.
Last night he reiterated this campaign message once again,
that the world is safer without Sodom who's saying,
and that things are on the whole going well in Iraq.
The confidence with which Mr. Bush has kept hammering home these points
has clearly had an effect in the polls encouraging wavering voters to believe
that the president is the one who can best lead the country out of the morass he created.
But last night Mr. Bush sounded less convincing when he had to make his case in the face of Mr. Kerry's withering criticism,
especially his repeated insistence that the invasion had Iverted attention
from the two center of the war on terror in Afghanistan.
Mr. Kerry found the most effective line of argument when he told the audience that Iraq was not even close to the center of the war on terror
and that the president had rushed the war in Iraq without a plan to win the peace.
It is the strongest and most sensible critique of the administration's actions.
Of course it is left Mr. Kerry open to it.
We joined this by Mr. Bush that Kerry had sounded far more warlike about Iraq and his pre-campaign persona.
That's a fair comment, and one of the senators simply asked to live within this campaign
as the politics changed his position change Mr. Bush said.
But when Mr. Bush did the senator with a reminder about his infamous comment on voting for a war appropriation
before he voted against it, Mr. Kerry had finally found an effective answer.
While saying he had made a mistake in the way he had expressed himself the senator added,
but the president made a mistake in invading Iraq, which is worse.
Both men made air is that it appeared to be mainly a matter of mispeaking under the pressure of the moment,
but Mr. Kerry scored an important point when the president made a more significant slip
and talked about the need to go to war because the enemy attacked us.
The person who said planes smashing in the world trade center in the Pentagon, Mr. Kerry reminded the audience,
was Osama bin Laden who was operating from Afghanistan, not Sodom Hussein in Iraq.
Meanwhile Mr. Bush whose body and facial language sometimes seemed downright peculant insisted again and again
that by criticizing the way the war is being run, Mr. Kerry was sending mixed signals
that threatened the success of the effort.
Mixed messages, careful when you say that.
Okay, before last nights the baby worried that the long list of rules insisted on by both camps
would create a stilth of exchange of packet sound bites, but this campaign was starved
for real discussion and substance, even a format controlled by handlers and spin doctors
seemed like a breath of fresh air says the New York Times.
And you know what they're right.
They're right, actually it was like an exchange there last night,
and the Jim Blair handled it pretty good when they wanted to like if spound a little bit in expand
let them do that and give me some of the 30 seconds.
I would say like 30 minute right and they both pretty much stuck to the,
it was kind of interesting seeing the, I don't know if you did it,
I'm sure most people did, watching the lights.
You think there was a sublittle message there?
No, I didn't notice.
You didn't watch the green light and the old old green light.
Yeah, yeah, no I didn't.
I think that if the Republicans insisted on that because they sublittle a little message
about like the war on terror, right?
I saw that movie.
Yellow light, green light, purple light.
Oh my god.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
With passion, my eyes are working as much as my body.
My eyes wide.
Now I'm so excited.
and I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
Ludanjo
we have a yellow knife
in' church
wanna confuse
actually have a yellow knife
something like that
the
or prayers of daddy
and
that might be NAS
oh
Yeah, yeah.
And...
Okay, fucking blow!
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments?
Well, tribal sovereignty means that.
It's sovereign.
You're a year-eight.
You've been given sovereignty and your view as a sovereign entity.
And therefore, the relationship between the federal government and tribes is always sovereign entities.
Oh my God!
Bye bye, tell me, tell me, my God!
Bye bye, tell me, how may my God!
Now you're the body that is sinking in the water,
And the world is a land that's been built to be a new country,
Like all they've ever told!
The one around here is one of us, you!
If you won $56,000, what would you do with this?
Could a baby's been at all in the dolphins to win the silver bowl?
Give me $56,000, and it's all been to win it all!
Purchase the lentice supply by Agra.
Take the beast to an oligony buffet.
Well, two AM and AOL for broadband are giving you that chance.
It's the 56,000-dollar home run.
If a Florida Marliss player hits a home run through the QAM target in left field
and the bottom half is the fifth inning, one lucky winner will walk away with $56,000.
The one has to be on the fly to register, just log on to w2am.com, then Mr. V.
56,000 and your hand for AOL for broadband in sport video 560.
She rayed it.
Proud of it.
The facts machine screwed up on whatever happened with the audio ball getting fixed finally,
saying boy, essentially it came back.
It just came like when it just took a rest, okay, we all could use a good rest, right?
Yes, that's why they have room to play.
In fact, I think both could use a rest for like about 20 years, maybe even about 30 years.
Like starting at the end of the 20th of January would be good.
Or sooner if he wants.
Here's our take.
What's your take on the presidential debate last night?
See, don't you feel like a little bit better?
I mean, it's a debate and they keep pointing out what a quarrel.
When the first debate he lost the elections, supposedly, Alouinoui won.
And Mondale won the first debate against Reagan, so they say.
And then Reagan came out for the second debate and didn't fall down and drooled too much.
And I said, oh, he's still alive, he won.
Right?
Right.
Although I do, I do.
I do like to part the watermelon there with the, where's the beef that was in the Carapelo spots we're running for, Wendy's.
And of course, how do I know that?
Because they had the Dave Thomas, so I'll biography on the other night.
Do you remember the spots?
Carapelo, where is the beef?
Where is the beef?
Where is the beef?
Those were great.
Oh, they just showed a bunch of Europeans on scene and they said, the Hollywood Bush.
Except for one Spanish guy, you know, but you know them.
Oh, yeah.
Probably Custinian.
And anyway, here's to the, what's your take on the presidential debate?
1346 votes we've had.
I wish you had had over 2000.
If it were for Eric, hang around all of you, totems to resolve my eating the pickled eggs and sausages.
1346, carry one big, 858, 63.7% of this is stooped crowd.
Carry one it by a bit, 156, 11.5%.
The format made it useless, 82.
I didn't watch 77, which is less than 6%.
They both suck 47.
Bush won big, 46, 3.4%.
As they say in China, you should live so long.
A draw of 29.
I don't give a shmit 28.
And bushed by a little bit by scoots 23.
So let's add those bush one bigger, a little bit, a 5.1%, and carry 75.2%.
So 75.2 to 5.2.
See?
I said, it's only a 74 point difference.
What's the big service with that?
So like I said, things are looking up, baby.
Finding out that paycheck six days later yesterday, later late than ever.
We got George with a big appearance tomorrow, right?
Right.
Josh corrected me on that score, so that kind of raised some of the embarrassment facts that there wasn't 63 and nothing.
With 62 to 7 in our playoff game against Jacksonville a few years ago.
Well, he said 67 enough.
Oh, and that's even worse.
Well, I got it correct.
Well, let's see.
So I said, I said 67.
So I had no wait a minute.
I had two numbers right.
Look at this.
It was 62 to 7.
So I had two of the three numbers right.
Because I know I would have gotten a part right.
In fact, I had three numbers right.
This is like something on the price is right.
Does he have three numbers right?
Does he have the fourth number right?
Maybe I'll win the car.
Andrew Woodcock, can I say that to their political response for the independent,
says war plan must be for the vote.
Those poor brits, man, first I got Tony Blair in there to head a stick that two buck through his groin into his heart,
where his heart used to be.
It says Britain was involved in planning for war in Iraq for at least nine months before MPs of pro-military action,
according to a document apparently leaked from the Pentagon when about they leaked it out.
Kind of like Josh Beckett.
Details from the secret briefing paper published in London's evening standards suggest that military commanders
have partnered a war planning conference with US coroner parts as early as June 2002.
You got that?
Got it.
At the time, Prime Minister Tony Blair was insisting that no decisions have been taken on military action,
the leak on the eve of a crucial debate on Iraq and labor's conference in Brighton will fuel speculation
and Mr. Blair agreed in principle to join US military action, and his April 2002 summit at President George Bush's ranch in Crawford, Texas,
where a lot of evil doers have been hanging out lately, including Prince Bandaar Bush,
something that Prime Minister has always denied.
Deny rhymes with lie.
But Tony Street insisted that while planning for a range of contingencies in Iraq can't take in place of it a month before the war,
for the sake of joining US incumbent wasn't taken until after the commons vote March 18 of last year 2003.
The document sets out a chronology of events leading from the September 11 of the tax on the US in 2001 to be a record beyond.
In title Operation Iraqi Freedom Strategic Lessons Learned, it is classified secret no foreign meaning it's not the release to foreign governments.
According to evening standard correspondent Andrew Gilligan was prepared by the Pentagon for a presentation by US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in August of last year.
Another which he's a liar too.
Now great, liars of the feather stuck together, basically the way it works.
And you know something, did we actually do a show here today or what?
It just flew right by it.
We have time for like one more real quick call.
QAM hello.
There's probably just as well.
Somebody QAM hello.
Oh, sorry no time.
Okay the mad dog, well no we didn't have time, did we?
Yeah.
I didn't want to do in just a few seconds.
You might have had something we'd be worth while the say didn't want to trap them off.
Mad dog is coming up next and again we apologize the big and for the safety of the name.
Bye bye bye.
Hey boy, what's that in your mouth?
I don't know what it is, but it's moving.
