So we do want to put you on.
Very well, here's a tribute to America, maybe 59 million more on us.
Redness.
All of us redness, sure of itself.
The sex kill is dangerous, you're the lastiest family.
All of us redness, right this instead of food.
Now I'm my only uncle and it worries me.
My head has hurt, took me with her.
Back to her double wide.
What a deal, ain't got no wheels.
And inside we'll like something died.
He is my cheek and winged her eyes.
Sex, we're all alone in the house.
But I got sick when she gave me a kiss.
Due until back in her mouth all of us redness, sure of itself.
It's thanks just ain't good unless it's family.
Because all of us redness, right this instead of food.
Are you sure that's a coming my new life?
He's my niece.
I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs.
Before my fore that I adore with tires and a two-game bid.
The rear window it has a gun wrapped as where I keep my gun.
Red will flag him a wife of the back.
My neck is red from two months ago.
All of us redness, sure of itself.
Sex, we're all alone in the house.
It's thanks just ain't good unless it's family.
Because all of us redness, right this instead of food.
Oh, I'll say sure is the one over there with the dirty niece.
Every human's it's hard to chew.
Who's got the nicest to?
I don't like the way my daddy is watching me.
I'll drive.
10.16 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Thursday to you.
We got to turn over a new leaf now just like Adam.
See, Kyle?
Turn over a new leaf and start goose stepping along.
You just have two pieces of very good news.
See how everything is glum and grim and nasty and grotesque.
Most everything is but not all of it.
Why should I have to buy some more bad news later?
But the good news is number one,
Eric Farts and Echoma, he's coughing a blood and spitting and puking.
He's on the way out.
It's amazing because they said when he first came to Paris,
they said, oh no, he don't have leukemia in his and many life-threading disease.
And he's going to be okay.
Oh, we're fine.
And all of a sudden he's going to have the chomeis on the way out.
So that's good news.
I think we hope.
Well, you don't know.
Well, you never know what could be worse.
And the other piece of good news is that amendment four is going to pass.
How do you like that?
All right.
It's got to be greatest efforts of special interests who are aligned to the public
and trying to, you know, feather their own nest.
I can't go into the details, but I have it on an unimpeachable source this morning.
That they've been counting the absentee ballots feverishly.
It's going to win pretty handlies, matter of fact.
So there's the good news and I take a little bit of the credit for that.
In fact, I also take a little bit of the credit for getting a lot of Vakiri people out
and they'd sprout in Palm Beach and the people could hear my voice.
Too bad that some of the other people were saying, oh, well, I'm going to get the big bush.
You know, talk a big game didn't get it done because their disciples were,
they just were, it is devout as the disciples of Bush.
See what I'm saying?
Oh, those scab pickers.
Some of these people who talk a big game and they're going to do this and
but they will, but then it just doesn't happen.
But at any rate, so we got 45 minutes to fill today.
They've won.
That's amazing.
What's going on with Howie?
It's two days in a row yesterday.
They've been around 10, 20 and today like about, what was it about?
10, 13?
Something like that?
Like title works for me.
Sure.
Because at least then people have some idea when the show starts.
I know Greg, that's a revolutionary concept.
The idea that you're listening is what I want to have some idea when your show starts.
But we're going to give it a shot for a while, you know?
Yeah, whatever.
Man, what a bozo, what a disaster.
An accident waiting to happen.
But nevertheless, we just keep plugging right along and make sure that money shows up on time clearance.
We're getting pretty tired of that crap too.
Having to have a nervous breakdown every day.
Wow, but to be said, most good news and bad news.
Yeah, the monkey is on the way, but the bad news is he's got a fever today.
And he's at stop for a rest along the highway.
Cut the crap.
Just pay people.
Just quit screwing people over.
Now let's see, where's the facts about that thing that was going to play?
Well, here it is.
Bill Lee S, it's a very nice facts.
It says I was feeling the pressure throughout the whole day after I found out that Bush had officially won the like at home from work from work to listen to this program on the website.
And we apologize again for the streaming on the website.
It's all screwed up.
And the clearance tells us that they are working feverishly.
Or at least they'll begin sometime with the next year to do something about that.
Because everybody and their brothers are going to get really pissed off about that.
I know we don't make any money from that, but nevertheless there are many people who are listening to this program in this radio station who would like to be able to listen on the stream, okay?
And okay, it fits pretty soon.
I might just have to come back here and unleash a stream on somebody's leg or head or something.
But until I get out of it, I'm talking.
I'll bring the camera.
Get away that bitch.
You idiot.
And don't ever think I come out here again.
Or anyway, it says I'll tell you you the only person who's able to make me laugh in form, educate, entertain all at once.
But what a sucks job, huh?
Thank you, Billy.
You're the best thing going on radio despite the world, just the word you stoppile is coming around, the word you stoppile.
Keep it going.
Don't retire.
Now I'm not going to retire.
In fact, I'm working on my future right as we speak.
Future plans that have nothing to do with this place.
In closing, you can play.
Can you play that Howard Dean bit?
Where's announcing all the states while mentioning the different alcoholic beverages?
See, I don't know what that is.
I don't even.
I don't remember the name of the bit if he can play it, it would be great.
Thanks, Neil Goddard, with the Sherlock's Salvation Points.
A magnificent suck-around job.
The only one I know.
There's no bulletin' in it.
I am a man.
Stablin' in my ship.
I've been everywhere.
I've been a Venus cargo cargo.
Minnesota, Buffalo, Toronto.
Little Sresselto, which is all gone.
I don't know how to hold home.
I'm a madam, I'm a mad woman.
We're going to South Carolina.
Hey, look for home.
Hey, Arizona.
I'm going to Canada.
I'm going to Mexico.
In Texas.
In New York.
I see this.
We're men.
I'm in.
We're men.
We're on the California.
In New York.
We're going to South Carolina.
In Oregon.
In Los Angeles.
In New York.
I see this.
I'm in.
I'm going to Canada.
I do Mexico.
In the Boston South.
In the East.
In New York.
We're going to California.
In Texas.
Celebrity dollars.
In Blue Rock.
Rock, Rock, Rock, Rock.
In Los Angeles.
In New York.
School ofяжness.
In Texas.
In New Entonces.
Class of 2020.
other yaşads.
I see this too.
In NewTurns.
Did you say we wouldn't buy them through the avoiding the
hundreds, and then I did a thumbnail contest.
an angel with nature on the Americans who was ??
that they wanted to run against Kerry.
It was carried to death at Howard's house.
What do you think?
You rewarded Carl Robins, excellent.
Howard's the television commercial, take 47.
Oh, that's on it.
No, that's on it.
No, that's on it.
If you're just, I don't know what you're talking about,
that's it.
Huh?
Maybe you think those are boogers.
Howard team, south of the presidential race.
We are leaving one track, but we are going on another track.
Oh, Howard pursuases true magic.
We're not going to have Howard team sing.
So the classic rock hits.
We're going to be needing Sarah's owner.
We need to sound Carolina.
Thanks for home.
Hello, hello, hello.
Hello, hello.
Hello, hello.
Hello, hello.
Hey, Howard.
We're leaving all the water in the sky.
Hello, hello.
That's a fun track.
Hey, Howard.
I think we need to be working.
We're watching them sing.
This again, and then we're going to watch it.
And we see the tape, Dr. Whitehouse.
Howard team sings.
Classic rock.
Oh, no.
Let's pass.
I'm in climbing to planes and kill people.
Yeah.
Those very vague warnings like that.
Man, oh, man.
In Oprah, there is, I'm going to tell you who I blame right now.
It always has to be a scapegoat.
Oprah.
That's right.
She, now these women in America, if she says run to the edge of the cliff and jump,
they're doing.
Come on and buy this, but go on, buy this.
But you will remember to get some free.
In fact, what's the name of that bit?
Oprah.
Okay.
Everybody gets a free Oliver.
Oprah gives.
Oprah, yeah.
On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked.
You'll be amazed.
Bitch, you'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again.
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true.
Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members, get a brand.
Brand, new live-ar.
Get a brand new.
Get a brand new, you viola.
Get a brand new movie.
Get a brand new movie.
Get a brand new movie.
Get a brand new live-ar.
The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody get the 3 of 40, don't want to look at everybody!
Yes, I'm ready for the 4th birthday party!
This day, on 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm!
Everybody get the breast!
Everybody get the breast!
Oh, bro!
Giving away great stuff, she didn't have to pay for it, even though she could easily afford to.
And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets said meant.
Everybody get said meant!
1027 at 560, that's the easy-cigarette wood pile right there.
If she would have motivated a mobilized and woman out there to come out and vote in the droves,
it's sped up all this fanatical moral values crowd.
You know, like the fan-ass governor and his moral-moralistic family there with his drug-addicted daughter,
and he's a crazy as hell son George P, and the other son that's screwing his girlfriend in a car and brought him away.
That's a lovely white ass-y shout-out to the center.
And the smuggling wife, the Columbia, didn't want him to see how much money she's spending allegedly,
but it's smuggling it back in because the bushes can't afford to pay the duty on it.
Yeah, that's moral values, man.
You talk about stupid!
You talk a lot about your phony-belony hypocrites.
In fact, I'm going to pay that Columbia bush thing.
I'm playing with it all today, you know?
There you go.
I also got a lot of calls that we're trying to get in, but then we'll get to them.
We'll make appointments after 1030.
1027 at 560 WQAM, right now let me tell you about our good friends at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers
and Deerfield Beach with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them.
They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently they helped out a listener of ours who never dreamed in a million years that he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home,
but he gave it a shot.
And the good news is, not only were they able to qualify him, but they were able to present him three different options
as to have the mortgage he could get.
And they were closer with him to determine which was best, and then they made it happen.
As Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach, they can make it happen for you, call them at 1-800-7-3-4616
whether you're looking for an interest only loan, a 30-year fixed rate...
But third, man!
...or one of the many low rate-adjustable mortgages, Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach has what you'll be needing.
They offer payments as low as $332 for every 100 grand you borrow, and Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach will make your mortgage happen first,
and then the lady can send you on a crew, that is correct.
After you close your loan with Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach, you'll be able to choose one of six different,
seven night cruises, complements of Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
So don't forget whether you want to purchase a new home and investment property or just refinance the current mortgage.
These are the people you want to be calling right now. 1-800-734-6616
or on the wicked web at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.com, or you'll be tweeted by the way just like family.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach 1-800-734-6616
or on the wicked web at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Deerfield Beach 1-800-734-6616
Bush, pay back to the mayor!
Hello, suckers!
My name is GoLamba, I got Doc that's name.
I'm your shopping friend, Sufis, your money away.
I bought this guy with those expensive bottles and jewels, and you will be my fancy duty.
Tax with you! I tried very hard to struggle, and they would just let me go!
But they did not get in trouble!
Cause I deserve a life, yet I'm just a beauty pleasure once you live up my life with special favors.
After all my husband brother, we're soon be your dictator!
I take your rest as a leader, I buy everything I need and just one thing more.
I'll be your crispy family value, when I get back from the show.
Oh yeah, great world by you, man.
And look at that, the Guardian Supplement, he's looking at that and seeing him, which says, oh god.
Oh, sorry, no.
It's a bit like boy, and he says, oh god, he's a hero.
Oh my god!
That's beautiful, that's a great thing.
Very much, very much.
Very much reactions and some strong reactions in the United States.
Many people writing emails, writing to these papers, accusing the newspaper of urging its readers to interfere with another country's election.
Too bad!
Sometimes they didn't keep that campaign going on, they knew it was going to make a difference.
The Guardian.
And there's another headline that said, how can Britain, how can 59 million Americans be so dumb?
Easy, easy to have a good American education like that.
Anyway, so there's the Accomba Bush deal, we'll play all of that bush stuff again.
I will mention this because, yeah, it just came in, federal judge orders, Broward and Day, not to destroy absentee ballots.
Acting out a case filed by the ACLU, a federal judge in mind, is ordered officials in Broward and Day to preserve all absentee ballots received in the mail after 7pm on Election Day.
US District Judge Alan Goldrueling, posted overnight on the court's website, bars election officials from discarding the ballots, goes into effect at 1pm Thursday.
Sounds like today.
The delay gives the elections official time to complete the unofficial vote count, which is due at noon today.
The 11-page temporary restraining order requires election supervisor Brenda Snipes in Broward and Constance Kaplan, in Dade, to separate the ballots from others that were rejected because they were duplicates and not filled out properly.
Gold is scheduled to hearing this evening on the AC News request for a preliminary injunction.
He's expected to rule early next week and one of the late ballots to be included in the final vote, Tally.
The Audi Audi, the Audi judges ordered and not to fight other counties.
And I'll say it again, amendment 4 is going to pass.
We'll be hearing about that at noon or one or sometime this afternoon with official numbers, but pretty good ideas.
It's going to pass fairly comfortably.
And they heard it here first.
And they heard it here first, absolutely, from an unimpeachable source.
Okay, let's get a few calls in here because I don't want to do any of the great A-stuff during this four-play hour.
And if you're just wandering over here and Howard bailed out again 11 minutes after 10 this morning, which we're not really too thrilled about.
Because he gets you a sport, he gets you the habit of doing those 10, 45, 10, 50 deals, 10, 55, 11, all.
Stuff like that, you know.
Piece of cake like falling off a log.
Somebody QA in, hello?
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
These are the same people in Broward who couldn't get the absentee ballots out.
They're going to hang on to them for us, right?
Right.
And Neil, I was going to ask you, you really think four.
I was thinking that Jeb and Tally asked you, we're going to get their hands on amendment 4, the way they were calling it.
That's so close.
Yeah, that's what I was worried about too, but guess what didn't work.
Really?
Yeah, that's great news.
Because they had a tremendous number of absentee ballots from a day in Broward and Palm Beach where they voted overwhelmingly yes.
And I guess they were working counting feverishly overnight and it's a move away to hell ahead.
So there's no way, I hope or clook, they're going to be able to, you know, I know they give it their best shot.
They tried to send it a bunch of, well, when you find out where the money against it was, they try to keep secret all of that.
When you find out where that was coming from, it'll really show a blow your mind.
Oh, you could have, you could see that on that thing you had on your website with the people who were supporting it, you know, if you just did a little look see on your website.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, what you say about Carl Roe is so right, I almost puked when I was listening to that speech bush gave when he introduced him as I want to thank the architect Carl Roe.
Oh, and I just almost, I mean, I almost drove my car.
I'm going to thank the fewer in chief.
Unbelievable.
You know, tear up a little pally life goes on, man.
Neil, check it out, check it out.
Last year you got to remember they were saying we want Dean and there was just something totally wrong then and the Democrats bought it also and they had pointed three in
I went.
That's right.
Having out this brother, the electric left was probably alright.
56070560, pound 560, the average in singular wireless lines.
Yeah, if I tell you that oh, gambling is evil, it's horrible.
It's going to destroy our state, everything else.
And then I call for something to find out that I'm in gambling business myself and I'm funding the campaign against this only to protect my own selfish interest.
Oh, man.
Are you applying the policy or something?
Yes, like the one I'm applying.
I'm saying fly out.
It's a fact.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, like speaking Neil.
Speaking.
Let me say it again.
Speaking.
Oh, hello Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
How are you?
That's great.
Alright.
Well, he just wanted to make sure that I'm still okay, I guess, and not too down in the dumps.
Now, I feel just fine.
Yesterday I woke up feeling like I'd been punched in the stomach with a baseball bat.
I felt really, oh, maybe because I didn't get any sleep.
Like a fool be up till two in the morning and then you know, then you lay down and you can't sleep anyway until you really kept running the other room and looking at the TV.
Oh, geez.
Getting farther behind in Ohio.
Oh, Ohio.
And let me just say this to you.
Oh, man.
I don't know what show I was watching last night.
It's all a blur because it's all the same American crap anyway.
Propaganda.
But they were showing Columbus, Ohio.
Oh, brother.
I sure hope they don't know the rumors they're Jewish.
But seriously, they were showing Columbus, Ohio and they showed all of these very neatly mowed lawns with all the bush chained ears signs on the lawn.
And they were interviewing some of the God Squad in Columbus and the one couple, and maybe some of you people saw this, they looked exactly like the couple from the picture of the painting American Gothic.
The old guy with the glasses and all he needed was the pitchwork this guy.
It would have been, they could have posed for American Gothic.
And as all they talked about was, well, I really appreciate that.
The fact that he really, really, really, and afraid to talk about his religion and his faith in God.
And we're going to make a real revolution in this country.
We're back on with God and get this country back on the path with God.
In other words, kill a whole bunch of people. That's what it's all about.
Start a lot of wars based on lies.
And a bunch of young kids off to get slaughtered for based on lies.
That's morality.
Even tax cuts to the very rich.
That's morality.
Sure.
Look any other way at your rich buddies like Kenny Lay, who ripen off, raping the public. That's morality.
Overcharging senior citizens from prescription drugs to help your buddies in the pharmaceutical industry.
That's morality.
I mean, you see, you're trying to reason with religious crazy people.
You can't reason with them. There's no point. You're wasting your time.
So what the Democrats are going to have to recess their whole program and their whole approach.
And they're going to have to start reaching out to some of these people that they've ignored.
Now, they're not going to have to start reaching out to those people.
What they're going to have to start doing is doing an even better job of mobilizing the people who are scared crapless of those people.
And who don't want any part of those people?
That's why you got people like Nader because they're too busy trying to be all, you know, middle of the road.
You know, something I hate to say this because he's a pompous old ass.
And he had no business being in there and he didn't make any difference.
He almost made a difference in New Hampshire, but luckily he did not, right? Insecretly.
But the fact that a matter is, a lot of what he said was true.
Sure. We're not denying that.
Yeah. A lot of what he said is true. The Democratic Party is just absolutely, you know, this business over, you know, allowing them to make the word liberal a dirty word,
which they've done for the last 20-some years now.
There's nothing wrong with being a liberal. The greatest president, like Franklin Roosevelt, were liberals.
Look up liberal in the dictionary. Liberal is a very, it's something to be proud of, something to be admired.
All of the felonink fathers.
More liberals. That is correct.
As opposed to right wing fanatics, which is like I keep telling you, that used to be, where he used to be laughed at, feared a little bit,
but mostly laughed at. I mean, these people are crazy. Back in the 70s, they started with this moral majority crap, and Richard Vigory and all of the Beeling lists and need to bribe an Alvin dark and all of this crap.
And you'll notice here we are almost 30 years later.
I'm 30, man.
And they're still playing on the same hate.
Oh, it's the homosexuals of this time they use the game-era thing, which obviously had a, I bet you if that thing, who wouldn't have been on a ballot in Ohio,
they might have had a different result. I mean, I can't say that for sure, but might have.
Because there's only about 135,000 vote difference.
And you know that those good moral Christians, they came out to vote in droves against them, Fag marriages.
And this was an issue. I mean, all of these really important is use about the economy and about war and people dying and protecting us from terrorist attacks of crazy people.
And they're worried about Fag marriages. That's really going to change their lives. In fact, did that couple and all and Columbus, they were talking about that.
Wow, marriages, they found nation of our, and say, institutions that's a foundation of our democracy and we can't match with it.
So you can be damn sure that they're helped them motivate them.
I mean, they laid this out there. They played the Democrats for suckers. They like to do it every time.
And neighbors write about that. Democratic party like I've told you. We got two horrible parties in this country.
In your country, I'm sorry, excuse me.
WQA and HAL.
WQA and HAL.
It's not there. Wow. Talk about impatient. WQA and HAL.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I seriously do not know whether to scream or eat a bunch of bananas. I, I, I, I, I, I, I'm very, I'm very nervous. I'm very scared.
I, I don't like where this is all going. It's, it seems like our government. I don't know. They want to turn us into a white bread, mayonnaise, homogenized, Bible school.
Yes, very white.
And it's, it's frightening because I mean, there are places that people can certainly go if they want to be with God.
They can go to church and then synagogue them up.
They can go to hell.
Yeah.
They can go there too. That would be fine with me. But it seems that they really, they really want to bring it into the government.
They want the government, you know, might as well on top of the capital building have a big crucifix.
And they'd be very happy to sit under it and pontificate and big twisted cross.
It's, it's very frightening and I really don't like the way this is going. I, you know, they just, they just did another one there.
80,000 polls on CNN. They showed the reaction of the public to the result of the election.
51% are pleased. 38% are angry. And they're another 9% don't care. Well, how can, how can you not care?
How can you be indifferent after what we've gone through the last four years? I just don't get that.
And so that's the problem. The 51% which it coincidentally is what voted for Bush.
They're so highly motivated. They're supposed to a lot of the rest of the public.
And I love, come see, come saw you. You can't afford to be having attitude like that.
Not anymore. I mean, that's why those people were lined up around the block and down the road and up to Mary's house and over to Rosa Lopez's house for the Virgin Mary.
That's why they were lined up for miles because they were motivated and dedicated and fanatically driven.
And so did the rest of us, the millions and millions of rest must stand in those incredibly long lines and register record numbers to keep things the way they are?
Oh, I was not.
It doesn't make them things don't match up.
Yeah.
It seriously doesn't, and I get very frightened because of the Ohio vote being run by die-bold, all people.
Yeah, well, I never know. You'll ever know how well accurate that was. I mean, 135,000 votes wouldn't take much in a computer program to shift that around. We just will never know.
I touched a finger in certain places would certainly wipe out a good portion of the way it hit the ball.
I think I felt the finger myself. You know, I didn't feel very either.
I love you and we'll just stick together and huddle in one night, blue state and you fall in.
You still have plenty to bitch about the next four years anyway. It will make for good radio.
Right. I love you very much.
I know as we are.
Bye.
Here's a nice pass from your friend PR Ralph was giving me a happy birthday, which is for me.
I'll be 62 tomorrow. How do you like that? They never said it could happen that I will.
Oh my God.
Yeah. It's like I think Russian will let on your birthday.
It should be a lot of fun, you know.
No, I'm just not that depressed anymore because I've always said people get what they deserve. The only problem being in America almost half of the people didn't want any part of this.
And those people should be able to live like in a free country like the North.
And all these mugwumps since most of them live there anyway should live in the South.
Let's go back to that whole pre-Civil War, that whole mentality of, you know, two countries.
The North and the South.
North should not have fought that war.
Should have let him go.
And you mugwumps in Montana and Idaho and Utah all the more.
We can shovel them down South. All right.
The Microsoft is plenty of plenty of open land in the Mexico, Arizona.
Reallocate Nevada.
Although there's evil gambling in Nevada, we should have won the Sender Mayor.
There's that horrible evil gambling.
And you notice that like the Southern factors when they have their conventions, where do they go?
Vegas. Right.
Because they want to, they believe in moral values, baby.
Man, you show me a religious pedatic who isn't a hibble cried and I'll show you a miracle. I'll show you a one in a trillion.
Because I don't think that animal exists.
WQA and H.
You doing the up?
Okay.
You're going to shoot my outfit or just sing the song on the...
Don't do it, Pally. Don't do it.
It's amazing.
Don't give me satisfaction. Maybe shoot yourself in the toe.
If you don't mind, just something really quick.
There's a website right there called SmartDecals.com.
What is that? SmartDecals.com.
Okay.
And they actually do decals and shirts and things like that.
And they have a new pledge of allegiance.
There's a pledge of allegiance to the flag of the divided states of America.
And for the idiots, for which it stands, one nation's underbush with bibles and lives for all.
I love it.
It's a thing.
Everything has been turned around and well, even with the vaccine hands.
They know the fashion they just choose to ignore them.
You know, where...
What is their tie-in?
It's...
At least they're consistent because when you're dealing with religious notes and you present the facts and you lay them out very rationally,
they're talking about the whole religion thing and about all of their beliefs.
It doesn't make any difference because they're beyond it.
They're not able to absorb any of that. They don't want to absorb it.
They already know the truth. They got the answers.
And the truth be damned.
I was having a conversation with someone who was already pervushed and said,
well, what do you have for the fact? What's making you vote for Bush?
What is it that you like about him?
Oh, I just haven't got feelings.
Oh, so the last go...
I got a gut feeling too.
I can't exactly describe it.
So the facts don't mean anything to you.
The fact that the guys like just a one doesn't mean anything to you.
No, I just haven't got feelings because he went into Iraq because of the 1911.
And he didn't go into Iraq because of the 1911?
How would I get something to do with it?
Yeah, 11.
Don't forget, half of America still believes that the Sodom A had weapons of mass destruction and B had something new with 9-11.
So how do you deal with that?
You can't. You can't.
You know what? These people deserve what they get.
Yeah, but the rest of you are right next to them.
When you do your taxes, you're going to get a Bible with every tax return.
All right.
Okay, thanks for the appellate.
If you check that website out, it's a great site.
Let me write it down. What is it again?
SmartEcal.com.
Got it. Thanks for having me.
You have a lot of speakers, a lot of scary stuff.
It's a great site.
I've purchased probably most of my check-coast.
Okay, I'll see you at the border, Pally. Thanks.
Great, man. Play for us.
Okay. Now, as far as the border is concerned, I just want to tell you this, because yesterday I had a chance to talk to some people here in Toronto.
And those people are...
These people are here from the cab drivers and everybody to business people.
Anybody I know, they just...
They can't believe it. They're not just depressed. They're in a state of shock.
They just can't believe that the public in America did this again.
You know what I'm saying? That they have in Texas and in Tennessee.
Fool me once, shame on me, and fool me. Can't get fool with you.
They literally...
Well, he was mumbling, you know, something about...
I blew a guy with a great...
Something a little bit crap like he was always mumbling.
And that's what happened with the American public.
But I want to say it again, and this is where they really snook it in the media.
They snook it in the bloggers and everybody else didn't realize they hit him blindsided.
I mean, I'm not saying that all those long lines were because...
Because obviously a lot more...
You know, Carrie got four million votes more than Gordon.
The only problem is that Bush got seven and a half million more votes this time.
And they did four years ago.
And where did those other three and a half million votes come from?
Like I told you yesterday, they came from the evangelical Christians, baby.
The same people who said it out in 2000 because of that DUI, which is...
I mean, how childish is that in the first place?
I mean, here's a guy that already admits that he was a drunk and a co-cat.
And I mean, you name it.
Peace are turred.
But that DUI, baby, that's kept at home because he wasn't perfect, I guess.
But now that he's gone four years to show him that he's a perfect idiot.
Now that he came out and drove on Tuesday, he...
In robes...
That's the thing they were.
Almost four million of them.
That's true.
That's...
That'd be the truth.
They came out and enormous humongous numbers.
And women of America, man, you ought to hang your heads in shame, okay?
That was pathetic.
The safety moms.
Oh, God.
All these cliches, man.
Just make you want to puke.
The...
The dumber than crap moms is what they're talking about.
The moms that don't mind sending their kids off to get slaughtered.
Human sacrifice.
It's worth it.
W.A.M., hello.
And, you know...
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I want you to know that we're not in Haitian, but when we call on a cell phone or rings and rings,
then the phone company...
But the SOPS, so we have to try to call back here.
Well, let's set that phone company for again, man.
That's why you get it.
I just want to let you know.
I firmly believe that this election was totally rigged.
And I'll give you an example.
I'm in the yard.
My...
There's no law for somebody to vote in the polls.
We're helping them out.
And we went in there and voted for Terry and they came up as Bush.
Right.
You know, I've talked to other people at the same experience.
You brought up the attention to the election officials and they so-called changed the vote.
Well, that's just a coincidence.
It could have happened all over the place.
There's no way of proving it because there's no paper trail or anything like that.
But I firmly believe they made it close enough to make it look legit.
I'm totally...
I'm at least that this whole election was totally rigged.
Well, don't forget the die-bowl fact here in Ohio, man.
When the President of the company told us a year and a half ago that he was going to do everything in his power to make sure that Bush won.
Here, have what is going to be right.
Anyone who won in Ohio, how about 135,000 votes?
If Terry...
Forget about Florida.
If Terry wins Ohio, it's all over.
You're absolutely right.
And we love you and everything else in the...
...rest regards from Terry, the Matt Man, and Orlando, and Bokeh Berry.
All right. Thanks a lot, Kelly.
I'll be right back.
I could have been rigged, but you know, crying like spilled milk now ain't going to get to job then.
There's just nothing you can do about it. Never can be proven.
We know for sure. See, this is another thing.
And it's just the fact that he won Florida is so shocking and so astonishing, just so amazing.
When they stuck it to the people of Florida right in broad daylight four years ago and stole the election,
and put us through the most agonizing, the most humiliating, degrading, embarrassing, butchered crap,
when they turned people away who had a legitimate right to vote,
when they did everything in their power to disenfranchise minorities,
and he wins Florida by, what, almost 300,000 votes?
I'm going to send him to make him belt your guts out.
That's going to give you like enormous pockets of gas.
Although, as far as the gas is concerned, I think a lot of us will be getting that pretty soon.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices and all the free gas, too,
that we're going to be inhaling very soon in toxic fumes.
At least a good job he did on the environment.
Let's see, Ian, oh, Ian Promo, it's my good buddy over there at Woodbine,
says happy birthday and many, many more, see what it would buy. What a good guy.
I'll see over there, finding some hot slot machines over there, Ian, please, okay?
He must be listening online. Old Ian Promo, what do you care?
Let's say hi to my old friend Randy Wapel, too, by the way.
Come and put it up a little bit lately.
Let's see, here's one that says that you see huge W's behind Boisterings of Seventh and Speech.
This is a good point. Apparently the letter W is the new swastika.
Yeah, I guess that must be it, okay? W.
Wow, that's so cute. See, we can laugh a little bit.
Although I can laugh a lot more than most of you can because I'm not there.
Too bad.
Yeah, too bad. I'll get the show officially starting in about seven minutes.
See, this hour is fine because it's very like, I don't know, how do you describe it?
Very informal, very laid back, there's no pressure. It's like a dry run, so to speak.
In fact, I think that's what Tuesday was. Now let's have a real election.
WQA and hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I have a question for you.
Of course, I'm thinking like everybody else's.
But I wonder why because I heard that the seniors obviously went carry's way in Florida.
Why does the Latin folks go so heavily towards Bush?
That's a good question. It's not just the Cubans which we knew.
In fact, there were fewer Cubans voted for Bush this time and last time.
But the Latin's in general, meaning Puerto Ricans.
In fact, they could talk about that. Go ahead. What is it?
That's it.
No, that's okay.
Nobody, I have four corridors in Florida.
Let's say, I keep calling it up there, Orlando, you know, from Tampa, across to a Copa Beach, whatever that is.
Heavy Puerto Rican and the Latin population, they voted overwhelmingly for Bush.
And they got 44%, they kept saying if he got more than 40%, it would be a miracle.
He got 44% of the Latin vote nationwide.
I don't know what that's all about. I have no idea.
And of course, the way they pandered to the illegal aliens, and you know, which is totally non-Republican as far as the position is considered politically, that probably has something to do with it.
Perfect. Thanks very much, Neil.
Good luck to us, Sally. Thanks.
All right.
They promised all the illegal aliens a 57 Chebby and a Rotor-Ragistration card and all the other freebies, you know.
And a few lottery tickets.
Oh, you can guess what? I never checked a lot of numbers last night.
Oh, you better do that.
That would be great.
And that's going to be a setting. I think when we come back at the top of the hour, I'm going to check the lotto numbers and check my, I've got 40 tickets.
In fact, I got them right here.
Here they are.
There's a lot of $6.49, November 3rd, 2004.
And I'm going to check these against the numbers.
And it was only 10 million last night though, which I guess is not that much.
It's Canadian Ace, so it's only 8.2 million.
And the American dollar, by the way, continues to drop.
And I better check it again before I speak. I don't want to speak out of turn.
But let me just say this to you. Let me take a few-catted.
Oh, there's Ted David, my former good friend.
And the gambling channel. Another one of those kind.
Let's see. Is it coming up here? I want to see the price of oil.
Because I noticed, all of the good at the Dow was that pretty good.
Now it's only up about a point.
You'll see that coming back through of now. And then as that's already down 10.
See now that they boost the markets up real nice to the last three or four days with that phony rally.
Now they'll start coming back to where they ought to be and dropping like a rock.
But I had noticed the price of oil was up over 50 bucks a barrel again.
You think that's just a coincidence? Or what? Huh?
Yeah. I guess Banda or Bush got the green light.
Okay, Banda or crank it up again, man.
Let's get up to about 60 bucks a barrel by the end of the week.
And I think they're working on it, feverishly.
So I'm going to check those lotto tickets.
And if I get to 10 million dollars, George, I bet you're going to do a great show.
Or something.
Yeah.
Well, if you had any idea what I would like to tell certain people in that building,
you can't even begin to imagine.
Well, maybe 10, 56 at 560 WQAM.
That's how to the year again, the snowbirds and the relatives coming down from the north for the winter time in this winter.
Line up, give them something special. A great night's sleep on a new mattress from Dilem actress.
Where you'll find the complete line of the top names in a betting business.
Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Temporpietic, Eve and Sterns and Foster Hewitt.
Call 1-800-Metros right now and save an additional 20% off and there's super low factory direct prices on select models too.
Call 1-800-Metros right now and pick the day in time for delivery.
Any two-hour window that's convenient for you when you're going to be home.
Any day, seven days a week from 8 in the AM, fill 10 in the DM.
All the smart folks are calling Dilem actress because you can't beat their deal.
Low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal.
So instead of schlepping around from your betting and department stores back and forth wasting time, gas and a lot of cash.
Call Dilem actress. It's easy to see whether or not you want to customer satisfaction.
Dilem actress even got the prestigious Better Business Bureau's Torch of Excellence Awards.
So give them a call today and you'll be sleeping like a baby tonight and for years to come.
1-800-Metros online at smacres.com.
But make that call right now and they can be there before the end of the day.
1-800-MATT-R-E-S
Listen to me, you're welcome.
That's a music video.
So why don't you give it a go?
This has been The O'Rodger Show.
This is your money.
Any questions?
If you find yourself with a clean of your time,
it's a pretty good show.
You're gonna die.
You can't hurt your own faith.
They just can't say it's not bad for you.
You can get a push-up.
You can't just make a stop.
You can get a push-up.
You're in a way.
Go save a stop.
It gives you a clue.
Stay in bed and have some chicken soup.
It gives me a clue.
I help my friend.
If I had a needle from your friend,
you can get a push-up.
You get used to photoreal times.
You can get a push-up.
Go home and pray.
You can get a push-up.
I did a bad thing.
I looked up to see if anybody won and nobody won.
I didn't win the 10 million bus.
I can see it's gonna be 17 million on Saturday.
I won it with 10 million.
You can win 17 million like three days later.
I don't think I even got three on here.
I never do that.
This was an extremely bad 10, 18, 19, 37, 43, 48.
I got some of the couple here.
This is pretty lame.
I think it's a good one for Saturday, don't you?
Yeah.
I had the 500 out of 600.
It's pretty crappy.
For example, 500 out of 600 is like 2700.
I'm just finishing check-in these up.
I'm okay because if I wind up, it goes with 1,
but it was 5 plus the bonus out of 600 is 425 grand.
You can head to Cypher.
We'll just enjoy this.
No, I just see 31, 47.
I didn't do craft, man.
I didn't do anything this time.
This is pretty depressing.
Didn't come close to anything.
These aren't like real unusual numbers around.
I think it just didn't lay out for me.
It was just...
No, you didn't.
It's not worth it.
18, 23, 33, 42, 42.
Well, there's one more to it again.
You'll get nothing for two though.
37, 48.
There's another one with two.
You'll get nothing for that.
18, I think it's crap.
You'll get a dime.
80 bucks down the toilet.
Baby, easy come easy go.
Of course, I'll be getting that back
and my tax breaks from President Bush.
So I don't have to worry about that at all
with a kind of income.
I got President Bush's going to make sure I get a lot more tax breaks.
Oh!
Man, not even three, isn't that depressing?
I mean, three is only 5 bucks,
but at least it's kind of an oral victory.
Anyway, let's get this show going.
Now let's get rid of that.
You could be a winner thing on it.
Or it could even get a lot of it.
Sorry, didn't do it.
Well, that had been great of how to want it right on the ear.
Wow.
That had been something.
I would let out a good try.
And then you would have heard that...
That you're always dreading, you know, that silence.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I got lucky.
I wish music.
You would have heard the sound of the silence.
And that would have been it.
That would have been it.
That should be fun.
That should be our card.
And maybe it's check for your birthday.
Although I doubt it.
Let's see.
Now maybe a bigger one's matter of fact.
So pray for that lottery on Saturday.
Even you too, Josh.
I'll sacrifice a ticket.
2770 votes on a poll yesterday.
Which applies to your feelings about the election result.
That's what we asked our listeners out there.
Here's what they said.
Sad and depressed.
And thanks to Jane, who, uh, thanks to that suggestion,
and we didn't even have that on there,
but you see the way it passed everything else
like they were standing still.
Sad and depressed.
911.
Pist off.
733 are fired up and pissed off.
Suicidal 431.
Glad it's over 294.
Extatic 181.
That's 69%.
They're dancing.
Oh, yeah, we got the police.
Why, we won.
Thank God.
Praise Jesus.
Extatic 69%.
Please, 118.4.2.
So that's 10.7%.
In different 53.
And what result 49?
What me worry 49.
So 10.7% of this audience was either pleased or ecstatic.
That their fewer got in there again.
All I shouldn't say that was.
Hitler was a lot smarter than this guy.
It's just the people around this guy who like.
Take you a back.
JW and Bokers says I was listening to Howard this morning on QA.
I went to signal that a real scratchy ass wish
toward the Palm Beach Station 103.1 to Buzz.
Not only is QAim bleeping Howard way more,
but QAim completely dumped out of a Howard segment
two or three minutes before the bit was over.
It says I love you, but I'll probably catch Howard
and FM more in the future regarding Bush.
I can't believe the ignorant bus of the American public
since JW and Bokers.
Well, there you go.
That's not sounding pretty good about that Howard situation on QAim.
Here's Carlos and Pompanozer.
Perhaps all the Latinos voted for Bush
because the spirit of Christ compelled him.
That's definitely a possibility.
Jesus Christ never really thought about that.
That might have been it.
Back the power of Christ compelled you.
It was either the spirit of Christ or the power of Christ
or both.
Remember with the Pope told you.
Power of Christ compelled you.
Could have been the power of FPNL when you came right down to it.
The power of Christ.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
Anyway.
So that's that fact from Carlos.
Thank you, Carlos.
That's a good point.
Now what are we doing now?
The beating current today is Carmen Electra.
We don't have to waste any time with that.
I don't need to hold us.
Nobody needs...
If you need an introduction to Carmen Electra,
then you're not qualified to be looking back there.
Okay?
Just Googler.
After you Googler.
Yeah, that's right.
Just give it a little Google.
Well, I think also,
I don't want to start giving Eric instructions while we're on the air
because you never know if he can even hear me.
I'll find out.
But is it really still?
Mm-hmm.
Let's see.
I guess I have a better vote here.
Yeah, good.
There's a...
That's a pretty tough choice here today.
Man, I pull.
We got for today.
Anyway, I was going to say we can probably now.
We're not probably.
But we need to get rid of clean up that website.
So we can get more people right to the meat of the matter.
Okay.
In fact, I'll go to the homepage right now
and take a look at all the crawlers.
Carl Rovman, here's a Hermann Göring, Jr.
Look at that.
What a piece of crap.
So do you think the president will give him what he wants now?
Correct him.
Okay, let's see.
Images from the three debates is BushWire.
That can go.
You read that.
The finger.
We can get that.
The electronic one.
Bush's brain.
No, I think we need to leave that one on it.
It's very popular, right?
We got some new stuff from Robert.
Did I just said something?
Oh, great.
We're going to get another BushWire.
Pentagon Strike, I would prefer to leave on there for...
In perpetuity.
Okay.
So we can clean that up.
And if you got a couple of new things to put on it, it's fine too.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Because I don't want to have...
There's no...
Not that those things aren't important for people to see,
but it's kind of a moot point now anyway.
Right.
If they didn't get the message already, it's too late to turn back now as
Quenya and his brothers and sister Rose said.
I like that song.
It was okay.
Kind of syrupy, but it was alright.
Quenya and his brothers and sister Rose.
In fact, if I had it, I'd play.
I'm sure you got it there somewhere.
What is the problem?
But don't knock yourself out.
Here's the poll today.
Arif has an ecoma, by the way.
In case you missed that.
Arif has an ecoma.
The amendment four is going to pass.
It's fine as wine.
Have no fear.
Here's the poll today.
Which of these is most accurate?
Bush won the election because of Carl Rove of 9-11 because of born again nut jobs,
because of fear and stupidity, because he was a better choice than Curie,
or because the Democrats are in F.
Now that's a tough choice.
That is, but you have to make a selection just like the election.
That was an easy choice and they still made it tough.
It didn't seem all that tough to me when you came right down to it.
Now here's a bad story.
Too bad we didn't have this right before the election.
And you'll notice Sunday night, not this past Sunday,
but this coming Sunday CNN is running this big documentary about the Saudis.
Did you see the promos for that?
Yeah, this coming Sunday, five days after the election is over,
about the side to guard the materials watched helplessly,
soldiers told the LA Times.
This is just unacceptable as what it is.
Unacceptable.
About a dozen US troops, that's all,
regarding the sprawling facility in the week's Saturday, April 2003,
a fall of Baghdad, when Iraqi looters raided the site
and his paper quoted a group of unidentified soldiers as saying,
US Army reservists and national guards have been witnessed
alluding and some soldiers sent messages to commanders in Baghdad requesting help,
but received no reply, they said.
It was complete chaos.
It was looting like LA during the Rodney King riots when officers said.
The eyewitness accounts reported by the Times are the first provided by you
as soldiers in bolster claims that the US military had failed to safeguard
the powerful explosives and newspapers said, hey, about that election!
Yeah!
I think let's turn a clock back a couple of days, please.
Pretty please.
Cracker, please.
A rack official tool that you went international atomic energy agency,
the IAEA, last month at about 280 tons of high-grade explosives,
had been taken from the outcockoff facility.
Soldiers have belonged to two different units described how Iraqi snacks
explosives from unsecured bunkers and grow off of them and pick up trucks.
The soldiers who spoke of the Times after may not identified,
saying they feared retaliation from the Pentagon.
No shmit.
The soldiers said it could not confirm that the looters took the especially powerful explosives known as ATMX and RDS.
One soldier, high-ever, said, US forces saw looters load trucks with bags marked hexamine,
which is a key ingredient for ATMX.
One senior non-commissioned officer said troops were running from one side of the compound
to the other side, trying to kick people out and at least a hundred vehicles were at the site waiting for the military to leave
so they could loot the munitions.
And that lovely?
How would then we do a great job?
Spittackel.
Four soldiers who are members of the Germany-based 217th Support Center
and the 258th Rear Area Operations Center, an Arizona-based Army National Guard unit,
said the looting happened over several weeks in late April or early May of 2003.
Asked about the soldiers accounts, Pentagon's, spokeswoman Rose Ann Lynch told the newspaper,
we took the report of missing munitions very seriously, we're looking into the facts and circumstances.
In other words, I think I don't know what to say.
He's embarrassing.
Post guess what?
That's what they want to do.
They're going to say, but they're going to drag us by the arm, but who we want to go along or not.
Or, they're going to schlepping us across that street, right in the middle of an oncoming a Mack truck.
Because they have this.
God dang it.
Gosh darn it.
Gosh dammit.
I can see that still.
Gosh dammit.
I can see.
Oh god.
Cama.
Damn it.
Here's a comment there.
I see.
The comment before this, like that was a little raspberry.
Maybe it's some of the fruit.
The comment is after 11 at 560 WQA.
I'm just here, I'm folks, okay?
It's going to get a lot worse.
How is the time to save, like never before at Armstrong, for to homestead?
Because these folks have got to clear out all the remaining O4s to make room for those rate 2005.
So you're going to save, like never before on all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate delivery.
If not sooner.
And all the O5s are in and ready to roll out.
Plus for a limited time, you can get yourself 0% financing on any of the following.
Explorers, escapes, focuses, terraces and mustangs.
Certain restrictions apply.
Lots of Armstrong, for to homestead are jammed like crazy with more O5s arriving every day.
So they're cutting prices to get those O4s out of there and you're going to save a ton.
Armstrong, for to offer you more value with the little customers too.
Because when you buy your afforded Armstrong, for to homestead, you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life.
So if you've been Jonesing for a new car, but have been putting it off, wait not another minute.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong, for to homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget.
These folks are locally owned and operated, they'll treat you well.
You will get a better deal in town anywhere.
No bait and switch, no phone, any deals, no arm twisting, no games with your credit cards, your keys, your thing.
Armstrong, for to homestead, a 30725 South Fixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them out in the web at ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little and save thousands and thousands of zillions on that new Ford.
Or we at Armstrong Ford, a homestead.
You want us into new Roger Coyote, an epic balancing car on 56060.
Thank you, A&M.
Howard David's the bitch.
Absolutely.
Oh, the law!
I got you getting hit on my friend.
I found a new sub-bitch.
I'm begging Darren Taylor.
Who's got a name for me?
I'm going to throw my clothes.
Darren Kiggin.
She's got my face burning.
My friend, I should've known to have found it.
Roll up the fuel's shooting.
My friend, I've almost a toenail.
And my big colleagues, you make my fingers sting.
You do what I do for them, sing.
Oh, what a box, wow!
Oh, my little, I'm a new match.
Who's been my guy, he's that guy, hey?
But I'm looking to get any.
So are you this regard?
This change, my friend.
You will listen and obey.
Darren Kiggin.
Wait a minute.
What do you think you're doing?
You go to get a swatch.
Don't you love your totally frugal.
Oh!
You understand, of course, this leads me to the whole tournament
that could be with the fact that you're in trouble and receptacle.
But I'm doing what I'm doing.
Oh, my God.
I'm not the couple more, Raji.
So that's that moral values, Kravda, talking about you know, Bill O'Reilly and Rush.
Bob Novak, you know, who audited Valerie Plain.
How come we're not hearing any more about that?
I guess we just won't hear no more about Joseph Wilson and Valerie Plain.
All of those things.
Shut up, come be fat.
I thought they'd yellow take and Niger.
All of those things hate.
We just won't hear about that because it's small potatoes.
I just keep rechecking these lottery tickets and I'm really sorry to say nothing.
That's bad.
It's like a bit of up here.
Well, I'm hoping that maybe I missed something there, you know?
See, that's why you got to run by about $500 worth of things.
You probably still aren't going to get nothing but a lot of good time.
Anyway, here's one that's fast that says, another choice of the pool because he had more money behind him.
Yeah, we can put that on there.
Turn later this month to finish this current session.
Yeah, let's finish it.
Let's get it over with and get you out of there because he had more money behind him.
Try to stick that on there if you want or if not, that's okay.
I really don't care.
You know, I'm easy to already log today.
Anyway, here's the liner.
Nothing to be fired up in to read a snappy liner.
Look for the QM van right now at the Shell Station in the corner of 27th Avenue in US1 and Miami.
Stop by to pick up a pair of passes to the Auto Show that starts tomorrow at the Miami Beach Convention Center.
I can't believe we're actually given something away people might want.
So stop by and look for the QM van, take a peek at it.
Except the Shell Station in the corner of 27th Avenue in Miami.
Stop by and pick up a pair of passes to the Auto Show which starts tomorrow in the Miami Beach Convention Center.
There might be a few people are even speaking English, but I doubt it.
Okay, here's the idea.
Do you hear that?
I heard that.
Good job.
Which of these is most accurate?
Bush won the election because 165 votes.
Fear and stupidity 73.
Born again, not jobs 39.
Democrats are in that 20.
He was a better choice than Curie 17.
That's about 10%.
Carl Rowell 14 and of 9-11-2.
We know 9-11's only got a pair of votes and I don't want to sway the way this thing goes.
But let me ask you this question.
If 9-11 wouldn't have happened, is there any chance he would have gotten reelected?
I assume that everything else would have been the same.
No.
Any chance?
I mean, even like...
Fuck good man!
No, that's why they let it happen on purpose.
Or maybe they just arranged it.
Or...
In fact, somebody fasted it and never got around to it.
It was a picture of Bush sitting there in a classroom and Carl Rowell whispering in his ear about to run to attack.
And he looked at his watchset, oh 9 o'clock, I thought it was supposed to be 10.
Robert Faxes and says, will they ever trust this again by Michael Moore, a book's suggestion?
As I'm reading this, even though I voted for Curie, I think, at least I tried to.
I feel like I let these soldiers down.
On a lighter note, did you see the video of the man in Taiwan who was mauled by lions?
Yeah, I didn't see that after he jumped in the cave.
There's a reason for being in the cave.
Who was trying to convert the lions to Christianity.
All right!
There you go!
The power of Christ compeldened.
The power of Christ compeldened me.
Who was trying to convert the lions?
It reminds me of the movie The War of the Worlds.
Remember that?
Right.
Yeah, as I was.
And the priest comes out there.
And the priest is going to convert the monster from Mars, Rowell Hallease, from the people that I serpent.
If we can still say that.
And that...
There you go, pops.
We'll see him no more.
He even looked a little worse for word than that priest on passions.
Whatever hell's name is.
Father of blind man.
Whatever's name is.
5.6.7.
Let's get this turkey unloaded.
Okay, let's get it on the road.
All right, I got bad news for you.
Got some bad news, eh?
Or...
Yeah.
All these people are keeping planning on coming up here now, including my friend Ken Halpernair.
The Squamble Democrats seeking a safe Canadian haven after President Bush won the election to.
They shouldn't pack the bags just yet, eh?
Canadian officials made clear yesterday that any U.S. citizens so fed up with Bush that they want to make a fresh start off North.
Would have to stand in line like any other would be immigrants are waiting to take up to a year.
Let me tell you, if they're hard working on us people, there's a process and let them apply immigration minister Judy Surgrove,
a surgrove, or whatever name is told Reuters.
There's a process.
You can be damn sure that's what she said.
As for the American and applicants who get special treatments, she said, no, they'll join the crowd like all the other people want to come to Canada, eh?
There are anywhere from 600,000 to a million Americans living in Canada, which learns and leans more to the left than the U.S.
And I traditionally favor the Democrats over Republicans. Thank God.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
But statistics show a gradual decline in U.S. citizens coming to Canada to work and live in Canada, which has an alien healthcare system,
and relatively high levels of personal taxation, that last part is certainly right.
They got the GST and the TST and the DDT.
Government officials, real estate brokers and Democrat activists, said that while some Americans might talk about moving to Canada rather than living with the new Bush administration,
they didn't expect a mass influx.
Thank God.
The last thing we need is a whole bunch of Americans here.
It's one thing to say I'm leaving for Canada and quite another to actually find a job there and wonder about whether you're going to live in where the triple-nular school said one official.
Roger King of the Toronto-based Democrats at Broad Group said he'd heard nothing about a possible exit as party members.
Maybe he ought to talk to Leon Euras.
I imagine the most committed Democrats will want to stay in the U.S. continue being politically active there.
He said Americans seeking to immigrate can apply to become permanent citizens of Canada a process that often takes a year.
Becoming a full citizen takes it for the three years.
The other main way to move north on a long-term basis is finding a job which in all cases requires a work permit, which takes him four to six months to come through.
Student benefits, but they have to be able to do so.
The Canadian Foreign Ministry said there's always been no increase in its hits on the Washington MSN's immigration website.
While housing brokerage does, they see a surge in U.S. business. Canada has always been open and welcoming new Americans who want to read OK here.
But we don't think it will be a trend or a movement.
It's in Gina Romanece of where all the page residents will real estate services.
Gina Romanece.
How do you like that?
Probably like that spaghetti-volanece.
Gina Romanece, you think?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm just in coherent in case you haven't noticed.
Plus the fact that it's so damn depressing, not even to have just three numbers.
Just one of them, just for the five bucks, not that it's going to change my life.
Just to make you feel like, you know, you've got a little bit of a shot.
We've got a shot.
That's what Jimmy says.
And how come there's still haven't been any fire-reasoned organization, Josh?
They're going to let him finish out this season.
Is that what they said?
No, but is that what you're assuming?
Yeah, that's what I'm assuming.
Maybe they made a deal of work for price or something.
They're just going to let him hang on.
Boy, that's bad.
1 in 7.
Now, see before things, and of course this is before Junior Say I've got hurt people thought,
well, Arizona, there's a team that we could beat, you know what?
What do you think now?
No.
What are the chances?
About 30, man.
And that's on a scale of 2 million.
That's not 30 percent, or 30 on a scale of 10 million.
Let's see, another trace of the poll today says Carl and West Palm Beach.
The Republican stole up by hacking the databases of the computer voting machines.
That's a little bit too cynical, even for us, although you probably have a really good point.
Let's see, let's not put that on here.
Okay, that's all right.
If you want, I don't know.
Let's take their temperature.
You want the election because they stole it.
Right.
Just they stole it.
You have to put all out of their verbiage on there.
They don't know what we're talking about.
Palm Beach troublemaker fashion says Republicans are not control-con.
With the president, see the media of the Supreme Court, and now they own the votes
with these people who are voting machines and software owned and operated by Republicans.
Look, fools, we are, we're waiting in those lines.
Since that makes being a Democrat meaningless, I will not switch my party loyalty from Democrats to Republicans.
Becoming part of them will split the Republicans into two camps.
The war-mongering neo-con spend it all party versus the anti-nation building.
No spending any of it party.
Pitting them against each other is our only hope.
We have to break up this one party rule, or we'll never have any checks and balances.
What do you think?
Grab and listen.
What do you think?
I think it's got a good idea.
Whatever you want to do.
Good luck to you.
27th, past 11 and 5, 60 WQAM IRS tax problems have a way of biting you in the ass baby.
They ruin all the aspects of your life.
They take a toll on you financially, physically, and emotionally.
You can never really forget about those IRS problems they come back each morning when you wake up in a cold sweat.
CPA's any buck wall than the buck wall tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back some peace of mind.
That's why other top CPA law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they've got IRS problems.
So why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all your unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Now suppose you have an IRS lien, a wage levy, O'Payroll taxes and penalties.
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you owe or just need time to pay.
Whatever your deal is, your predicament, the buck wall tax firm can help you out.
They offer free initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees, and immediately from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you never have to even meet with the IRS because the buck wall tax firm handles all meetings and discussions.
You don't even have to show up.
Call them today with the O-10,000 or a million bucks in IRS taxes.
The buck wall tax firm can solve it for you.
Call 954-575-2800-2-Day for your free consultation or visit them on the way of at irestreetim.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking at your front door or knocking it down.
954-575-2800 for the buck wall tax firm.
You have seen the meal Roger.
It's the last meal of the 560-2800-2-Day for your free consultation or visit them on the way of at irestreetim.com and stop worrying about the IRS.
What was that?
Kew.
I didn't hear no kew.
Want a lovely top, little boy?
Cool and how would you?
Kew?
Hey ya.
I just marry my dad.
I know you're gonna get better.
John is a much better person in certain ways.
He's controlling, he's a perfectionist, he's the best of what he did in a way that he was controlling and I obeyed.
Yes, I'm he's a perfectionist.
And then Wilson, like a daughter.
Time to apologize to your past.
He can't be what it's all.
He's no only good at you see.
He's just a piece of it to what I do.
He's a perfectionist.
I've seen him on your comments.
I've really bad at my dad.
Jesus claims that John might be a role.
He doesn't like to go wrong.
Whoa!
John is benign, but that's not surprising.
He's making a pit out of me.
She might fly too many balls out.
Whoa!
I'm bad!
Go back to the day you see something she's crazy.
I'm not querying, she just wants to say that she lost that little friend.
Whoa!
She's more nearly to the young lady than you.
What does he have to know?
Now I was watching a little bit of the presidential news briefing this morning, which you know this right after the election.
He's having a press conference.
Yeah.
And you won't have that happening in for about three and a half years.
Here's the good news, okay, which we had exclusively on his show even though nobody was listening when we came on early at 10-11 this morning.
Lobbyist believes absentee balanced push-lops question into the wind collar.
Oh, right!
Ron Book.
A mommy lobbyist for a level-playing field and amendment four.
This morning said the pro-slot amendment side has picked up several thousand absentee votes in Palm Beach and Bade Counties.
And now, thanks to the amendment, we'll pass.
If so, it would lead to slot machines at seven soft-load of race tracks and highlight front-hands.
The problem is being blamed on a software glistened and may have affected that only the kind of amendment four, but also amendments five through eight in Broward.
In Broward?
A pair of the software was programmed to limit the number of votes to 32,000 per precinct, but when the 673,000 plus absentees were counted, the software cut off the true count.
The glistened may have affected 70-100,000 absentee ballots being counted in Broward County.
The absentee count is expected to be certified to the state on amendment four in Broward is 4,500.
So, which of these numbers?
454,276 votes for and 237 against.
That's 225,000 cushion in favor of amendment four.
How do you like that?
Excellent.
It's a shame.
And of course, since it passed overwhelmingly in Bade Counties, when the course of referendum was probably in March, assuming this thing gets all the way to next couple of days, which I'm sure will ratify and certify and unify.
In March, when the Bade Counties vote on it, it will pass overwhelmingly, especially because between now and March, the people in Bade Counties will discover, in fact, they'll probably discover it in the next day or two, that the people who put up most of the money against this and who warned everybody about this in the gambling and evils of all this kind, come to find out that they're in the gambling business themselves.
Most of them.
How could that be?
Yeah.
It was his wedded preferred to remain anonymous and behind the veil of some other, some nibbulous name, some organization, but they're coming to find out that they're involved in that evil, simple gambling operation themselves.
And it was just selfishness.
They're just trying to keep everybody else out.
Keep the permrucials under their thumb.
And going to work, pass overwhelming.
225,000.
Oh!
Wow.
Okay, so that's the good news.
Amendment 4 is passed.
It'll be official any day now.
And life goes on.
There's at least, at least, it'll be depressed about the presidential election and the Senate races and all the other stuff in Congress in general, even go fund your guts out of your nearby track and date in Broward pretty soon.
Probably in about a year.
And that's great.
It's spectacular.
And since you're so sour on saw machines, by the way, I've died over the weekend.
I forgot to mention that the vote so far.
This week, I've died over the weekend in Niagara Falls.
$15.7 million on a dollar saw machine.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay, I'm not trying to get you to go play slots.
Okay.
$15.7 million was he gay?
No.
Okay.
Not yet.
Line 9, WKYM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, say, if you think Carl Rove gets a tax break for being a head household over there at the White House.
No question about it.
Yeah.
He works at the White House in that family, maybe.
Hey, I love your show.
And I once I got to win if you listened to you if it wasn't for Howard Sturdy, because I was starting listening to him.
And then I discovered you.
So, well, thank God for Howard, baby.
There you go.
Okay, thanks.
You're great.
See, Howard Sturdy brought us a lot more audience.
In fact, maybe enough to like 50 election if we could just have some promotion about Howard Sturdy and be it on QAM.
But of course, you know, Greg just goes ahead and puts it on and keeps changing the whole lineup.
And does anybody, do we do any real promotion on this?
Oh.
I guarantee you that probably a good percentage.
30% of the Stern audience don't even know that he's on QAM.
Would you think?
I don't think.
Not seriously, because most people under the age of 100, I hate to keep saying this, they don't listen to AM radio.
AM radio is a dinosaur.
It's an anachronism.
It's something of a past.
In fact, most of those people under the age of 100, they've grown up listening to FM radio.
They didn't even know from AM.
They thought AM was like shortwave.
And quite frankly, it sounds a little bit like shortwave, you know?
Especially when you'd rather be there on 441 under the power lines, under the overpass, over the underpass.
Man, it sounds like crap.
So maybe a few billboards would have been nice, you know?
Howard Sturdy and Neil and Mad Dog in the Humper.
Assuming of course that any of us are going to be around more than five minutes, you never know what this outfit though.
All depends on what that temperature is when they pull that thermometer out of somebody's dome.
WDQ AM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I was just going to let you know that President Dump Shmuth on the radio now.
He says, more or less, since we all got some sleep last night.
Yeah, he got some sleep last night.
Yeah.
He's just bumbling all the answers and just making a jerk out of himself.
Okay, well listen, Lisa, if you just did anyway, pal, that's good reviews and whole process.
You can basically say the same thing over and over again.
Like Abu Ghar, Reb, Abu Ghar, Reb, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu Ghar.
Yeah, we're keeping saying the same dumb things over and over again.
Well like I said, at least these consistent, you know, give us a few laps.
And hopefully we won't kill too many people next four years and won't blow the world up yet.
Don't forget, are we still got any of those passes for the auto show yet?
Still, as far as I know.
Look for that Q&A van right now.
It's at the Shell Station quarter, 27th Ave.
He wants one of mine, they already got to do a stop by there.
And reach right in, just stick your hand in there.
And pick up a pair of passes to the auto show that starts at the Miami Beach Convention Center tomorrow.
Give us something to do all over the weekend.
Keep you off the streets.
Keep you nice to do with 2005 Corvette.
WDQ& Hello.
Indiana, Rose, Thinin, again.
More Jews will have the time to make more soap.
Oh, man.
Oh, what do you think about that?
Let's see how that pool looks so far.
Hey, listen, might as well laugh it up a little bit.
Okay, let's lighten it up for the public.
There are a lot of stress and duress and we're in a funky dress.
Maybe it's a blue dress.
We're going for that fresh day in honor, sweetheart.
Let's see, which of these is most accurate, you think?
What do you think?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
Why do you want to do this?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
He said, Conan O'Brien is the most powerful person in television because he pushed Lennel out of the chair and he's really calling the shots over there at NBC.
He said, Conan O'Brien is the most powerful person in television because he pushed Lennel out of the chair and he's really calling the shots over there at NBC.
And now that we have a friend on that tonight show, maybe I'll be invited on that, there's a guest on that show.
And it goes on in life.
Maybe I'll get to some of that stuff.
Maybe I'll get to some of that stuff.
Maybe I'll get to some of that stuff.
Maybe I'll get to some of that stuff.
Maybe I'll get to some of that stuff.
Maybe I'll get to some of that stuff.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Around 9 o'clock this morning Hollywood police received a call from Donald's Honor Repair at 5690 Johnson Street.
I wonder if that's Doug Donald.
After an explosive device attached to the undercarriage of a car, police kept in Tony Road, a roady whatever's name is, that a customer had come into the shop for repair work early this morning.
The car was placed on a stop and think about the odds of this happening.
The car was placed on the list and that's when the device was discovered.
Okay. You see what I'm saying?
What are the odds of that?
Several blocks around in the auto repair shop were evacuated.
Several federal agencies are at the scene in the bombscreds of the code of the site.
Now this is from the hero that said it happened around 9 this morning.
I'm looking on their website for updates, but their website is just an abortion.
It's a piece of crap.
And they also don't put a time on the stories.
I'm like the sunset or any real newspaper.
A little sunset is almost for real.
I'll say I advertise on the show.
They put the time when you get an update, breaking the story.
But the hero can't be bothered to do that.
So they just had to date.
So I don't know what the deal is now.
Maybe our news department will figure that out.
Here's a fact from somebody who says my response to what happened on Tuesday.
One word, impeachment.
If one of the Congress had gone to the Democrats, well, the Democrats are once in decent campaigns instead of falling out of bed and off their ass.
And I see that's another thing.
When all these right wingers came out, these evangelical Christians, you notice that's why the Republicans picked up four seats in the Senate and increased their lead in the House because all the right wingers came out.
So that's why you got that to goofball in South Carolina and the one in Coburn and Oklahoma and tune in South Dakota.
He promises they're going to be singing a different tune.
That's right.
Although Tom Daschle didn't beat that's fine with me because Tom Van Daschle was weak.
He's a very kind and kind of kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
He's a very kind and kind of person.
Well, I think it says we're not going away during our mailing list.
It's got a place for you to sign on.
It's just got a big, it's a barbed wire.
You looking at it?
The ocean's head behind it.
I think there's an implication there if you catch my drift.
You see it?
I do that.
We're not going away.
We're just getting more pissed off and we're going to continue fighting a good fight.
That's what Michael Moore says.
Good for you, Michael and another cheeseburger.
A little bit of a head of boy.
Moore in doubt, boy, do I love Moore in?
She is the queen. She is the best.
The art times today she writes, the red zone.
And she's got her thumb on it.
She says when the Democratic Party splattered at his feet in little blue puddles,
John Kerry told the crushed crowd at Fangul Hall in Boston about his concession call to President Bush.
We had a good conversation the senator said and we talked about the danger of division in our country
and the need the best we need for unity for finding the common ground coming together.
Today I hope we can begin the healing.
Democrat heel by self.
W.A. doesn't see the business of danger.
He sees it as a wingman.
The president got reelected by dividing the country along fault lines of fear, intolerance, ignorance, and religious rule.
He doesn't want a heel rift. He wants to bring any riffraff.
He wants to bring any riffraff who disagree to heel.
W.A. ran a G-head in America so we can fight one in Iraq,
drawing a devoted flock of evangelicals or values voters as they call themselves
to the polls by opposing abortion, suffocating stem cell research,
and supporting a constitutional amendment against gay marriage.
Mr. Bush's administration drummed up fake evidence to trick us into war with Iraq,
sticking our troops in an immoral position with no exit strategy, one on moral issues.
The president says he's humble and wants to reach out to the whole country.
What humbug? The Bushes are always graces until they don't get their way.
If W.D. didn't reach out after the last election, which he barely grabbed,
why would he reach out now that he's got what Dick Cheney calls a broad nation-wide victory?
Raise Fallujah if he has to.
He feels that the election results endorsed his version of the war,
never mind that the more insurgents American troops kill, the more they create.
Just listen to Dick O'Lority as this cookbook locks till Vice President Cheney,
introducing the man for his victory speech.
This has been a consequential presidency, which has revitalized our economy
and reasserted a confident American role in the world.
Well, that has revitalized a halibut in segment of the economy anyhow,
and competent enough to first word the country that comes to mind for the foreign policy of a country
that's alienated everyone except Fiji.
Vice continued, now we move forward to serve and guard the country we love,
only Dick Cheney can make serve and guard some like rapin' pillage.
He's creating the sort of democracy he likes, one party controls all power in a country,
one network serves as state TV, one nation dominates the world as hyper power,
one firm controls contracts in Iraq.
Justice Zell Miller was so over the top of the GOP convention
that he made Mr. Cheney seem reasonable, so several new members of Congress will make WC moderate.
Tom Cobra, a new senator from Oklahoma, has advocated the death penalty for doctors
and perform abortions and warned that the gay agenda would undermine the country.
He also characterized his race as a choice between good and evil and city had heard
there was Rantin lesbian as a middle-class school.
Really? He also characterized his race as a choice between good and evil and city had heard
there was Rantin lesbian as a middle-class school.
Jim DeMink, the new senator from South Carolina said during his campaign
that he supported a state GOP platform plank banning gays from teaching in public schools.
He explained, I would have given the same power, same answer when asked if a single woman
who was pregnant and living with her boyfriend should be hired to teach my third grade children.
John Thune, who toppled Tom Dachel, is an anti-abortion Christian conservator
or a servant leader as he was hailed in the campaign ad, who supports constitutional amendments
banning flag-burning and gay marriage.
Seeing the exit polls that Democrats immediately started talking about values and religion,
their sudden passion for woman southern white Christian soldiers may put a crimp
in Hillary's 2008 campaign, nothing but a wooden stake would stop it.
Meanwhile, the blue puddle is comforting itself with the expectation that this little
individual fatally overreach just as new king rich in the 90s.
But with this crowd, it's hard to imagine what would constitute overreaching.
Invading France?
That's what he says.
Invading France.
Yeah, we'll get them French and then freedom prize and freedom toast.
We'll make them toast, baby.
She's good.
Here you all, here's a little insight like I told you before, I threatened to read this.
John Nichols, the online beat. These are on our website, by the way.
We'll be in tomorrow.
Today, tomorrow, whenever. Right, Josh?
Whenever.
Right.
Something like that.
Whenever we get around to it.
John Nichols says, Roves race is what he calls it.
He says George W. Bush may have secured a presidency this week, but the real winner was Carl Rove.
The White House political is our solidified as position as the nation's campaigner and chief.
Republicans love him, Democrats fear him, and everyone now agrees that Roves is the political genius of the age.
So let's listen to Rove.
In the epilogue of Bob Woodward's book, Planet of Attack, the author writes about how Rove saw the presidential race in early February 2004.
Noting that Rove believed that the war in Iraq was turning into a potential negative for the Bush-Chainy Re-election campaign, Woodward wrote,
Previously, Rove had claimed he was salivating the prospect that Democrats would nominate former Vermont governor Howard Dean in the 2004 presidential race,
but Dean had imploded and Senator John Kerry, the Massachusetts Democrat, had won 12 of the four-storough-teen Democratic primaries, and looked like he was headed for the nomination.
What did Rove have to say about this development?
The good news for us is that Dean is not the nominee, Rove now argued when associated in the second floor with the W. Bush-Chainy Office.
Dean's unconditional opposition to the Iraq War could have been potent in a faceoff with Bush.
One of Dean's strengths, though, was they could say, I'm not part of the crowd down there, but Kerry was very much part of the Washington crowd, and he had voted in favor of the resolution for the war.
Rove got out his two-inch stick loosely, find your title, bring it on.
It consisted of research into Kerry's 19-year record in the Senate.
Most relevant pages were 9-20 of the section on Iraq.
Woodward explained that Rove believed that he had Kerry pretty cold on voting to give the president a green light for war, and then backing up when he didn't like the aftermath of this all political opportunity.
Whatever the case, Rove sounded as if he believed they could inoculate the president on a wax war in a campaign with Kerry.
Rove Woodward observed was gleeful.
Ten months later, as the returns rolled into tonight, Rove's glee seemed well placed.
After every imaginable revelation about the missteps and misdeeds and lies that the Bush administration used to steer the country into the Iraq-Mist adventure, and after all the news about the Kragmer had become,
America effectively said to George W. Bush, we trust you to manage to mess more than we trust John Kerry.
This is the most painful reality of the fall campaign in 2004.
For all to talk about Iraq, the debate about the US occupation of that country never really took hold.
Kerry tried to offer himself up as a clear alternative diversion for my stylistic standpoint, from a stylistic standpoint he succeeded,
but when the debate got down to the practical question of what American troops would be out of harm's way, and when the Iraqis will really be running things in their own country,
about all Kerry had to offer was a vague sooner than rather a later promise that sounded a little bit too much like the secret plan to the US troops ought to be at norm that Richard Nixon fettled in 68.
It's a stretch to suggest that Howard Dean would necessarily have been a better foe for Bush and Kerry, Dean had enough baggage to fill several of those loosely holders on Roves desk, but at a fundamental level Rove was right.
A Democratic challenger who could have distanced himself or herself from the use of force resolution and Bush's plan of attack would have been as Woodward suggests potent in the face of Bush.
To be sure Bush lost the actual debates, but the results of the election rights he did, he didn't lose the broader debate about the war.
Hindsight is always 2020, but it's worth noting that a lot of progressives rejected Kerry's candidacy during the primary season because they feared that in light of his vote on the use of force resolution, he couldn't hold Bush fully accountable for the Rush to War that's not caused so many American and Iraqi lives, they like Carl Roe over proven right.
What about Italian man, what was I saying the last two weeks of the campaign day after day after day after day, this is Monday morning quarterbacking as the president would say the bomb broke off.
What was I saying every single day?
I was screaming at man, Dean, that's what the queen was saying, we need Dean.
You were listening to Neil Roger Fitzgroom's delay.
I'm from O'Neil and I like scrubbing my stomach really out with soap made from fuels and listening to the new Roe, communist hour.
And now here's Tinney Dean, founder of Tinney Dean Forks Aussage with a few words about new Tinney Dean's vagal sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Tinney Dean. You know as someone told me 25 years ago that I'd be making vagals, I'd have said, huh? That's juice food isn't it?
But times have changed and I guess I've got a king with him, but I don't have to like it. You people want your vagals, I'll give you your vagals.
Well the vagal grease is slab, but Tinney Dean forks Aussage on it. New Tinney Dean non-coaster vagal sandwiches. If you're Jewish you can buy them, you just can eat them.
New Tinney Dean vagal sandwiches.
Well, what does that mean?
It means that there are conflicting reports. He's either dead or alive. Luxembourg's prime minister told reporters today that yes your Amphard had died, but Dr.
is treating Amphard in your paracetia was still alive. They said we hit him with five bullets and he's still alive.
That's bad news for you and bad news, whatever.
The conflicting statements came after Erefatt's condition sharply worsened. Aid said he was in a coma.
President Bush was informed of the apparent death of Erefatt during a press conference this morning and Bush replied God bless you, Shoal.
Isn't that great? God bless you, Shoal.
Erefatt was born August 4, 1929 in Carolina. We don't need to have this old bio here. This is from News Day. My God, just come from the A and B.
French President Joppshire Rock went to the hospital for the day they said Erefatt and his wife to whom he expressed his best wishes and probably slipped in some poison canole.
Shoal. Rock's office said the President also met members of all I forgot the French has never read a terrorist they didn't like I forgot that.
The President also met members of the Palestinian Authority and doctors who are doing everything possible. The visit lasted about 30 minutes.
Top 30 minutes? Directed that speak to reporters. French television station LCI quoted an anonymous French medical official as saying Erefatt was in an irreversible coma and intubated.
A process that usually involves threading a tube down the windpipe for the lungs. The tube is often connected to a life support machine to help the patient breathe.
The tube is got that applicated tube probably from Russia. Who is the real pain in the ass also?
Yeah, the great moralizers baby. What was it again? What's the first person they use? Moral values. Moral values man like Russian and Pills while he's pointing to finger it all together.
The drug addicts ought to be behind bars and Friday the electric chair and the meantime him and Wilma they were popping it up and down the levable and Bill O'Reilly with his phone sex.
Oh brother. Not to mention of course Jan and Paul Crocs and Jim and Tammy Faye and Jimmy I sin.
Swagger. I'll send you home. Oh brother give me a fricking break. Okay. The American public is so orange while what we need is a gigantic atheist revolt in this country.
Let's dig up metal and no hair. What's left of her? I'll do a voodoo. Let's get a holy day freedom from the legend foundation and Gaylord for president. That's what I say. I'm writing her in next time.
I'm straight. I don't know about that. I think she's married and Gaylord. Let's get it all that proves it to me. Get her on there. Get her on a ballot.
Get her on Ralph made her all these other old crows. There's no deal in the end of that. You know and Gaylord. I'm out whatever. I don't know. Who know my thinking of? I don't know. Gaylord. I'm sure that the drugs are going to be Gaylord periods. The former fine picture for the giants. Yes.
From 100 years ago. See there. You know there's a sports guy that the Josh even knows about. Yeah. Who do you hear say out? Well that's going to be really ugly on Sunday. You know that's right. They're playing Arizona's that came there. Is it in Zona? That's it Miami. It's in the dead zone Miami. Well. And what time is that came? Oh it's the Sunday one o'clock game. There'll be about 20,000.
Cut now. Are you suggesting that they came like you blacked out? It was so I think highly likely. That's going to be blacked out. Well guess what? I'll be able to see it in life. Like crazy. I'll be up here.
Because I got the package baby. I got that big package. I see every game. So do I. Now who the package playing this week? You tell me. I haven't got any idea. I haven't got a freaking clue. Well we'll get to that. Let's not second two sports intensive. Wait till the mad dog gets to. He'll be along. Then we got to hopper in the thumper in the bumper.
You got the Hercune Highline at seven. The beast at nine o'clock. How do you like that? At least out of sight out of mind and 80k at 10.
I'm sure is mourning the grotesque result of two days of election. Although I bet you I bet you any case pretty excited about the slot thing passing any any kind of gambling.
Even if I'm too leaves falling from a tree which one will hit the ground first. Eddie is all for gambling. So much of he's really a pleases punch especially because it'll help his friends and day.
I'm not saying you highlight right now one of his fine sponsors. I don't know. In the dog tracks and that stuff. Not to mention it was all pretty good horse tracks.
Aren't you a dog lover? Yes. Matter of fact if you're such a dog lover go adopt a greyhound. Okay.
And quit the leave us alone. The tighties love dogs too. Okay. Oh, speaking of greyhound. You know, I don't know what it is. I'll take some questions.
I get to you. But I'm just rolling it and smoking it. You remember shortly after 9.11. I'm sure you do. I brought this up before.
But this is one of the great mysteries in recent history right in front of our place. Okay. And nobody anywhere has even talked about it.
Remember when there were about a there's an epidemic of greyhound buses being hijacked right and the drivers having their throat slit and go off the road. People don't. Well, whatever happened with that.
Shut up. And I know you even know what I'm saying. I do. We never heard another word about it.
We never heard of those people were terrorists. If it was Al Qaeda, if it was Hezbollah, if it was the mom.
Isolated incidences of crazy copycat crazy people. Right. That was the report. Just remember there are no coincidences. Okay. Don't ever forget that.
There ain't no such thing as a coincidence. Oh, let's see. Here's a. I just saw my find a conflict in there. But this president says he has a very activist agenda and he says quote.
I have the capital meaning the political capital. When he's talking about that stupid press conference while they're flicking on the screen about air fed is that a reason not.
Which I already beat it to it. I had that on before they did by the way. I got that on the wicked web. Well, what the hell would we do without the internet? You know what? What would I do? Right.
Anyway, JWFACTS is as I thought I'd let you know what the mood party is up to the moral party. I'm sorry. It's slashing tires and plantation.
Anyone with the carry stickers on their cars or in their yards is getting their tires last. Imagine if they would have lost.
Oh, well, there's no blood on my hands. See how I also did. WPS I need more Scott for real. Whatever the hell that means. He needs more Scott for real.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal us to pay. I'll take your children. Sell them to some Haitians.
There you go. No extra charge. Okay. Now I don't know if I want to do this right now. Yeah, it's short. It's short right to the point. No, it's not that short. Well, I better do it.
Because I don't want to appear with the conspiracy theorists, but I think that you people may be right and I think I may be in your camp.
I think nothing we can do about it. We don't want to go to camp. Please. This was an article August 28, 2003 by the Cleveland Plain dealer, which I read on the year last year.
I remember very vividly. Like it was only moments ago by Julie Car Smith. And the headland of the article was voting machine controversy.
Keep in mind in the Cleveland Plain dealer in Ohio. Okay. In high. The head of a company vying to sell voting machines in Ohio,
full Republicans in a recent fundraising letter that he's committed to helping Ohio deliberate electoral votes to the president next year.
The August 14 letter from Walden, Odell, chief executive of the I bold, Inc. who has become active in the re-election effort of President Bush,
prompted Democrats to sweep the question they for priority of allowing Odell's company to calculate votes in the 2004 presidential election.
Odell attended a strategy powwow with wealthy Bush benefactors known as Rangers and Pioneers at the president's Crawford, Texas Ranch earlier this month.
The next week he penned invitations to a $1,000 played fundraiser to benefit the Ohio Republican Party's federal campaign fund, partially benefiting Bush, and is mentioned in the Columbus suburb of Upper Arlington.
The letter went out that 84 Ohio Secretary of State Kent Blackwell, also Republican, was said to qualify a die-bulled as one of three firms eligible to sell upgraded electronic voting machines to Ohio counties in time for the 2004 election.
Blackwell's announcement is still in limbo because of a court challenge over the fairness of the selection process by disqualified bidders to quay of voting systems. And of course we know that die-bulled got the bid.
In his invitation letter, Odell asked guests to consider donating were raising up to $10,000 each for the federal account that the state's EOP will use to help Bush and other federal candidates, money that was decided by the Democratic leave of charge could come back to benefit Blackwell.
They urged Blackwell to remove die-bull from the field of voting machine companies eligible to sell to Ohio counties.
This is the second such request as many months, state Senator Jeff Jacobson, a date-nary Republican-ass Blackwell in July, to disqualified die-bulled after security concerns arose over its equipment.
Ordinary Ohioans may infer that Blackwell's office is looking past die-bulled security issues because as CEO is seeking $10,000 donations for Blackwell's party, donations that could be made with statewide elected officials right there in the same room said Democratic state leader Greg D. Donato.
Die-bulled spokeswoman Michelle Griggy said Odell, who was unavailable to come and personally, has held fundraisers in his home for many causes including the Columbus Zoo, Op-era Columbus,
Catholic Social Services and Ohio State University, and a kind of cute opera, Thomas Thurley.
Oh, Ohio GOP spokesman Jason Mauch said the party approached Odell about hosting the event at his home in the historic Cotsworld Mander and not the other way around.
Mauch said that under federal campaign finance rules the party cannot use money for midst of said.
Order of Mauch's related old Eddie Hauke.
Griggy said in email statement that die-bull couldn't come in on the political counter-resons of individual company employees.
Blackwell said die-bulled is not the only company with political connections noting that lobbyists for Odell machine makers read like a who's who of Columbus's powerful and politically connected.
Let me put it to you this way.
If there was one person uniquely involved in the political process that might be troubling you said, but there's no one that has used every legitimate avenue and middle of it they could legally get their product looked at.
Believe me if there's a political ever to be pulled, all of them have to, all of them have pulled it.
Blackwell said he stands by the process youth for selecting voting machine vendors as fair, thorough and impartial.
He heard closing arguments, judge Fred Schumacher did yesterday over whether Sequoia was unfairly eliminated by Blackwell midway through the final phase of negotiations.
Schumacher responded a temporary restraining order in case for 14 days, but said he hoped the issue was opinion sooner than that.
That was August 28th of 2003 and of course we do know that die-bulled got to stick in their machines and they stuck it right up your ectomino hyal.
How do you like that?
So those people that are holding on our pool today that the fix was in or however we worded it.
How did we word it?
They stole it?
They stole it.
Yeah, they stole it.
They may have their thumb on it, okay? They may have their thumb on the correct lever this time.
But we're not crying sour grapes because they stole it from her in square even a little more even better than they did last time.
Yeah.
We have to go through all of that.
We'll say this in John Kerry's behalf because as attorneys we're saying well we ought to file fit or a suit in federal court.
The purpose paperless electronic machines with no way to there's no way to tell.
And I'll say it again.
I had a friend down there in the Broward County who went to the pool Tuesday morning and punched Kerry on there and nothing happened.
He punched it again, nothing, he punched it a third time.
It came up Bush until he finally had one of those old cockers come over and erase the things and start all over again.
On the fourth try, voila, Kerry.
Of course maybe the first to be counted for Bush, three to one.
1213 at 560 WQA and it's that time of the year again.
It's the wrong spot.
What for this that time of the year again though isn't it?
For people to go buy a house?
Yeah, that's always a good time.
Let me tell you about our friends at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in dear field.
They're with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them.
They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently these folks have got a list of ours and have ever dreamed to be able to qualify to buy a zone home.
Not only were they able to qualify him but they were also able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get.
And they were closely with him to determine which was best and then voila, they made it happen.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in dear field.
Vich you can call them right now, tool three and they'll have to be off.
Call 1-800-7346616 whether you're looking for an interest only loan, a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rated justable mortgages.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in dear field.
Vich has exactly what you need.
They offer payments as low as 332 bucks for every 100 grand you borrow and Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers will not only get you that mortgage you're looking for but they'll also send you on a cruise.
That is correct.
After closing your loan with these folks, Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in dear field.
Vich you'll be able to choose one of six different seven-night cruises.
What's not to like compliments of Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
So whether you're looking to buy a new home and investment property or just to refinance your current mortgage, make that call right now.
Tool free 1-800-7346616 for Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in dear field.
Vich where you'll be treated like family.
And get more information about them on the web at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.com or make that easy call right now.
There's no obligation. Call 1-800-7346616.
We're going to be in charge of the next 10-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15
2014-UПр程- 마누-18-8-18, June 15-18
Yeah, well we have a clip take a look at that Nick and Jessica
Nick and yeah
Wow, what can I get a copy of that in the store?
You get it now? Yeah, okay, and no regrets and deciding to do this. Oh, no, we're so happy
We did it. We are so happy. We can stop on stuff like that. Mm-hmm. Very gratifying for us. So
It's a club 19. They're old news. I'm afraid
Yeah, Kevin and Kevin and Boca has is much more perspicacious than we are. Did you notice it when you looked at that Michael Moore website?
After you mentioned it then there was
But then I forgot about it. Oh
Says the picture of George W. Bush and Michael Moore's website doesn't appear to me to be a barbed wire
Well, it's supposed to look like barbed wire
But if you look it says it looks to me like it's hundreds of faces most likely of the brave men and women of the military
of back fighting for the liberation of Iraq says Kevin and Boca and you are absolutely correct
I just looked at it again
So it's another piece of brilliance for Michael Moore and he's taken those little tiny pictures of faces of those brave men and women who died in Iraq
The nameless people because of course we don't want to talk about them too much except once in a while then rather who's
73 years old and daughtering but and that's what it is and
When you look at it from a distance it looks like Bush is behind barbed wire
It's a good place for him. It never looks there the pictures blood on his hands
And of course lots of blood on our hands of 59 million Americans who've decided to support him doors this butcher
How are those of passage the commission center coming the auto show? Yeah, they're gone. They are gone
Yeah, I just see I just asked if I don't want to promote and have people get all pissed off right over there
Just where's the van where's the van you said I said they're gone
Well, I like to keep abreast of what's going on you. I'm saying I like to keep abreast Jessica
Carmen electors on our website today of behind-beated curtain for those of horny people out there want to take a look
It's it's okay. It's pretty decent picture
Considering okay, let's take a few calls. Let's see what I got here. I got the morality
I just want to make sure now. I don't have a whole yeah, I do actually
Actually do
Federal judge orders brown day don't destroy the absentee ballots already talk about that
I talked about amendment four is gonna pass handling because they had a glitch and it was a bitch
And then the absentee boat see the absentee votes came in and that put it over the top
Then they found that voting glitch which was preventing enormous numbers of votes from me counted on amendments four through eight and
Most they straighten that thing out then they found out oh this ain't even close which it didn't figure to be close
Yeah, I mean I understand that we had this huge board again fanatical
Evangelical Christian holier than a Bible thumper crowd turned off the boat
But just stop and think there had to be some people in the rest of the state
Right up. I ain't gonna
It's a fact our lives any even in Tampa where they got a race track in a dog track
Even they can't have other slots over there. See here on Ontario every race track every one of them has got slots
And it would bind which I go frequently does a it's a beautiful casino man
With suit slot machines and would arrest rod it's just it's just a clean beautiful wonderful place
A lot of people have it a great time winning some money in their ass or whatever is the case may be but they didn't yeah, right
Go to hell and as a result the person's for the horse racing or phenomenal
There's an enormous amount of money that comes into the province and it's gonna be the same in Florida
They will love it all we're talking about is the people of Dayton Broward being allowed to control their own destiny
Thank God for the first time ever for the first time the people of Dayton Broward can find a control their own destiny
Say whether we wanted or not as opposed to the rest of the Yahoo saying oh we can't have that
They're getting away. It's all the way that they benefit with a lot of the money for their education for their schools
Such as I'm sure they are you can imagine those schools in Tampa for example
WQAM. Hello. I'm there. That line one boy. It's your cuts off quick WQAM. Hello and so does line four now QAM. Hello
Neil yes, sir love you, man
Listen, I just want to say thank you by six a QAM yourself George everybody out there for you know
Keep spraying the message and fighting the power and thanks for the tickets too and
Most days thanks for the tickets right? Yeah, we understand yeah
And as a veteran myself, I feel very
Betrayed by my American people you know for not you know not listen to the troops and everything like that
But you know life goes on yeah, we'll better you know tomorrow
Yes, tomorrow my friends and family. We're just gonna go ahead and get a blue pants blue
I mean black pants black shirts white sneakers and get the purple cool anyway
Thank you. All right. Okay. So how does him in Jimmy Jones? Yeah, that's right
It's a cult baby. It's a cult America's become this big jug and it cult and all these people are goose stepping along
Oh the Lord hell do you run the road on again? I sure hope that a lot of you Jews that voted all spending it for a
Bush are real happy open and no confuse them of the facts because that's what that's the plan of the board again for the Jews
Go to hell. They're gonna need to convert you over there in a holy land
And then if you don't get it except you offer they make you that you're not supposed to refuse if you do refuse
You're gonna burn in hell and then Jesus will come back and take everybody to heaven and we're gonna like all go bowling
And just have a hell of a good time. We can all wear white socks like they do in Buffalo
Eat some Polish killbasa
What's not to like go have a red face like him russet? I think I might still have some my Christian T-shirts. There you go
Man, oh man. I got news for you baby
Those of you who are even minor students of history Islam is their little league
They're not even the same league with Christianity right comes to killing people
They're not even in the same ballpark. They are close
But on the defensive mostly yeah, mostly they've been kept under the thumb of the goyum and the Jews but now
But throughout history man the number of the millions of people who were made an offer they couldn't refuse and of course if they did
But I'm saying man. That was the end of them
So that's always a compelling your argument to convert, you know
Well either convert or we'll show the love of the Lord
WQA and hello
speaking
Yes
The first hospital is there a denying that he's dead but there really newspaper report that city is there
One of the other things that
Should be discussing is
People are the Jens game average and that brought out much more right-wing
Born again, that job. I think covers that yeah, yeah, okay. Thanks, Proud. I'll tell you
26 past noon. Oh, there's no question they did a masterful job again
They got it on a ballot in 11 states including Ohio and I'll tell you even with die-bold and all the other faces and I
I still believe it if they wouldn't have been on a ballot there right carry probably could have pulled it out and they are state too
but
Didn't happen, you know you kept you kept listening to all these projections about well
You know when the votes come in from Kyhoga County more the people in votes are counted and they kept showing on the map and there was Bill Hummer who's a real
self-hating you know what what
And you kept waiting for that number to reduce from 120 to about 80,000 on you have a few thousand and then like I went
A couple of thousand and then we could have had like some drama, you know
And I might have had a chance to a pull it out
But instead every time they show the vote order let's get the lead kept going up
There must be a lever that the uh that old del guy has you know
I wonder if he's looking to edo del or dig or Odell
I guarantee edo del didn't vote for Bush I guarantee you that I want to speak for Ed, but I'll guarantee you
You know what I'm saying? No
You know who Ed O del is? No
26 past noon I see time channel or something down there. What are you talking about?
You don't know Ed O del Adelaide
Get on there for a hundred years man
He ain't no uh guess about like a sada but he's the best we can do
Hey if you have guests coming for the holidays maybe you wonder what to do with that dirty old carpeting in your home
Well now is the time you get rid of that carpet replace it with a laminate or a hardwood flooring from laminate designs
Visit laminate design showroom. They're at 82 80 stay-road 84 and Davy and choose from over 300 samples on display
Laminate designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in just about a week
Call 1 877 8 laminate to set up a free no obligation in a home estimate
Laminate designs carry all the well-known lines including Wilson art quick step in per row
If you call the day and set up an appointment for your free estimate tell me what the QA and discount for an additional 10% off
They're already low installation price
Laminate designs is located in Davy just up i 595 between Pine Island Rowland University drive and the showroom is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 to 4 30 in the PM
And even on Sunday from 10 to 2 call 1 877 8 laminate that's 1 877 8 laminate laminate laminate in ATE for laminate designs the flooring company where service comes first
You know what's next in me?
The most important thing is to listen to music on 560 AM
7 AM
7 AM
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
We're about 10 years too late
Yeah that's when things were great
When Kim was president
Oh yeah he was innocent
But we could still see friends
And he's a damn buzzed
He's barely at it internet
And there was no spin yet
Never heard about being locked
Was it was always in the black
We still care about the time
And none of us think it's nice
And all that great news
Yeah you could take your pick
It's like it was sent from God
No cell phones, no reason
No
I was like a racist or a hoody
That ran in one beauty
There was a land as more than
And Julius Whitmer, my love
And the pumpkins were smashing
The fields had to catch it
But nothing white feels right to this
1919
1990 buzz
1990 buzz
You know my rio
And we think that these are friends
Up in the middle
We still had some easers
But also there was winter and we had so sweet
We hogging and she was desperate
Dogging
I wonder if it's easy
My fast 19
1995
It's 12.30 to 5.60 W on the mad doggy
And two
I'm trying to ask for there it is
Got another story that I want to pass along
You're not going to be reading more of those stories
Now the action is over let's get back to fun and games
And fart sound when we can't play any fart sound
Five dying fallujah aristroids
You see the blood by his about to begin again for real
A lot of the elections over in their back in
They didn't want to do this
They don't want to go in there before the election
Because it would mean too many more dead Americans
But now they're willing to make more human sacrifice
US warplanes bombarded the Iraqi city of fallujah over
And killing five people was reported today
How is some pain in the as innocent bystanders
The southern city was targeted by two air raids
On north eastern and southern areas
With US military said they were fighting barricades
Reuters said the stress on fallujah
With the heaviest for several weeks increasing speculation
That the long anticipated attack on the city by US Marines was growing nearer
Meanwhile, British black watch troops were today preparing to begin active patrols
Close to the city which is around 30 miles
About 30 men
West to Baghdad blocking off exit routes and helping the free off US forces for an attack
So get ready, strap yourself in
You ain't seen nothing yet
Right
Let's see, oh this is a good article
This is the one I just printed out from the old smirking chip
Don't forget to look at Michael Moore.com and take a look at that picture
In fact, maybe we want to put that picture on our website
Okay, can we arrange to do that?
Right there
Let's get with it
Richard Holhut writes
Was a journalist in New England for more than 20 years
He writes it's now official we are no longer a reality-based country
A majority of American voters apparently want decades of perpetual global war
They want to see their sons and daughters sacrificed on the altar of the neo-conservative dream of an American empire in the Middle East
They want more giveaways to corporations and tax cuts for the rich
They want to see social security privatized and see the retirement funds gambled away in the stock market
They want our air and water polluted and our natural resources plundered
They want to see more Supreme Court justice like Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas
And a federal judiciary that will likely turn the legal clock back to the gilded age
In short, a majority of American voters must really want the nation to be a corrupt one-party theocracy
Run by a president who thinks he's on a mission from God has total distanced for democracy the rule of law and truth itself
I found it hard to believe this could really happen again, but it did
A majority of Americans voted to affirm a policy of lies and deception
Truth and logic don't matter
Common sense didn't matter, a majority of Americans wanted to believe that George W. Bush will keep us safe and prosperous despite abundant evidence of the contrary
So now what?
Finger-party and blame aren't effective strategies, although it does feel good to engage in it for a little while
It's easy to say the majority of Americans are cool as morons and go to have someone like them to be their president
It's equally easy to say that the Democratic Party needs to pull its head out of its collective butt and get rid of the blockheads who run the party into the ground
However, the primal screaming has to stop some time and a hard work of building an effective opposition must begin to stop the worst times of the Republican Party platform from becoming reality
It's telling that the real energy in the Democratic Party didn't come from the party, but from groups like move on in the rest of the independent left-of-center organizations that topped up in the last couple of years
They raised the money and mobilized support in the vacuum left by a party that's become as beholden to big money as the GOP
I still believe the biggest mistake that Democrats made was not having the courage to launch an anti-war campaign
Howard Dean energized liberals by having the guts to take on Bush and he's illegal immoral war in Iraq when everyone else was cowring
His organization provided a new model for the Democrats to follow but the party leadership decided they could do better with John Kerry
Someone who voted for the war never gave full of convincing reasons to liberals as to why we should vote for him other than that he wasn't Bush
They can't blame Ralph Nader this time and the end of Democrats paid dearly for destroying Dean and ignoring his supporters
I've written this many times over the past few years but it needs to be said over and over again the Democrats need to offer clear and principal alternative to conservatism
They need to shift the political discussion away from God, Gazing, guns toward health care, education, the environment, and an economy that benefits all people and not just the rich
I still believe in the old time Democratic religion is articulated by Franklin D. Roosevelt that if the Democrats must be a party of liberal thought or planned action of enlightened international outlook and of the greatest good of the greatest number of our citizens
But once again the chickens voted for Colonel Sanders
At the end of last year in the midst of the most polarized political climates in civil war I wrote that in a time when it seems as if all the worth instincts of humanity are trampled hope is a radical ideal
We have to believe that our nation in the world can become a better place we have no choice but to embrace the hope that tomorrow will be better than today
I may be in despair right now and I want to hop in my car and drive to Montreal but know that really isn't going to be an option
We knew that when November 3rd came around hard work was waiting for us now the job is going to be even harder
The prospect of four more years of vushes horrifying but we can't give in now I'm ready to fight to take back my country are you?
Richard T. Hohla pretty much doesn't got a stomach right on it right there
And when you notice every one of these articles and even the article about Karl Roe over fighting out right now
They got exactly what they were looking for they actually didn't want
And you can bet your life on it that they and their good buddies in the media they're willing poke and spiriters in the media
With that dean tape with that scream on that was we then find out it was a directional mic and actually there was all this crowd noise
That he was trying to drown out which was forcing him to scream because the crowd was so enthusiastic and screaming like crazy
And just like I'm sitting here right now talking into a directional mic if there was all kinds of chaos going on every you wouldn't hear it
You wouldn't hear it
And so then ABC like about ten days after all of the 80s and 80s and times ABC finally shows the tape where you hear the real sound of what was going on
And you realize he was trying to out scream over this hysterical enthusiastic crowd
That's all you can do
And of course they make him seem like a mad man
Boom like that see he's a rational he's a he's hysterical he's a crazy person
This was it
Yeah
In Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico
We're going to California and Texas and New York
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan
And then we're going to Washington and DC to take like a white house
Yeah
But they didn't want Howard Dean because he wasn't a walking in insider
He was an outsider who was the first one to mobilize the internet
Him and Joe Trippie doing a phenomenal job
And they got those zillions of young people out
See it wasn't John Kerry that mobilized these young people I want to pray out and voting
Right
That was Howard Dean who had a great start on
And I guarantee he would have gotten the nomination when all those primaries
By the time it got to the election on Tuesday he either had 80s and times the number of young people mobilized and motivated
But instead they chose an old party hack
And that's what we got
Yeah
Yeah nice shot nice try
See come and close only counts in quits and horses who took up a dozen count in elections
So you got a long list
George McGovern who I love dearly but nevertheless George McGovern
Walter Mondale Michael DuPoccus
Paul Fawgur
Well Paul Song has never made I'm talking about people that actually ran
The couple nomination and John Kerry
And it's sad but Democrats are going to continue doing that they're going to continue losing
And you're going to continue losing your country to a bunch of flat earth lunatics crazy people
Game marriage I mean the idea that that was an issue
So now you understand why they brought it up in the first place
And you also should understand that this wasn't the time to be doing it
That whole thing is a red-haired man
It's who the hell gives a flying crap about game marriage
Why couldn't they wait another year okay on that?
Another year or two who cares okay
Just keep living together and sitting and having a good time and screwing your brains out and leave everybody alone for a while
And then we can work on that when we get somebody to the left of a solo hone in there
But no
And isn't it ironic that the whole thing started big time in Massachusetts
See it's kind of a monkey-see-mucky do thing you know
Just because we here in Canada are a lot more enlightened than the United States
And the game-error thing got not just got started here but like went wild
Wow we can do it here too
I guess what you can't just like Clinton started with that thing about gazing the military
Remember that was good he made the promise and he wanted to keep his promise
But that blew up in his face big time
Yeah
And then of course two years later what happened when he got lost today in my congress
But nevertheless how is that pull coming see I'm getting all whipped up now
And I've taken anywhere near enough calls I'm having a good said monkey-do
Monkey-do that's what I just got there monkey-see-mucky-do
But if I speak in a monkey-do
Oh they just had him on there
Oh there's more monkey-do
I just don't know where the head of burger is
Yeah I hear him on garing junior wolf loose crew
You're a jackass wolf you're an idiot
You're not fooling us with that beard
I'm telling you I am now that Bush got in again he's dying that thing dark black
I'm dying on the hair
And there's CNN they certainly not news Nazi network
Fots light
Which of these is most accurate Bush won the election because how many votes we got?
731
A fair and stupidity 248
A board again nut jobs 187
Because he was a better choice than carry 76 10.3% of you really believe that
Oh heaven help us they stole it 72 but never crashed our net 69
Because of Carl Row 50's read because of 9.11.22
And because he had more money behind him only four
Me on God
1249 it's 11 to 1 to 5 60 WQ I am
I've said to one thing this almost a four hour show today is like a workout
Case you to the late which I wouldn't anticipate most of you did
Howard bailed out at about 11 past 10 today
inexplicably I think the stress of the election got tame and robbing everybody
And even a Aussie
Now here's the deal I want to read this again because there are people who weren't listening before
And this is at least something to a salivate over
This is the hero take on it this is their spin
Thousands of new votes on some constitutional amendment questions were discovered early today
Potentially forcing a recount on the question of a soft load of hold on slot machines
And I've said he ballot counting wound down after midnight and Broward's electronics warehouse
Attorney is scrutinizing the close vote on amendment 4
Notice that vote total change in an unexpected way after 13,000 final ballots were counted
Election officials quickly determined the problem was caused by the unity software
That puts it put pulls together votes from five machines
Pagulating absentee ballots
Because no precinct has more than 32,000 voters
The software caps the total votes at that number from their begins to count backward
Really you let's can I read that again?
Because no precinct has more than 32,000 voters
The software caps the total votes at that number from their begins to count backward
Attorney Ron Voke who represents the post-loss group for ratings for level playing field
Save believes the new Broward votes along with about 21,000 just counted absentees from Palm Beach County
Would you have amendment 4 or yes margin about 86,000 votes final date numbers not yet available
It's going to go away over the top
The only effects the count of absentee votes on countywide questions in this election
It only affected one page of the ballot including amendment questions for through wait
I'm sure it was just a coincidence that the accident right
Can you imagine the suitcases and bags full of money that must have been floating around on that field
By the oh no it's evil and it's gambling crowd
Most of whom are in the gambling business themselves by the way
It says the list was discovered two years ago and should have been corrected by software manufacturer
ESNS of Omaha, Nebraska, according to Broward County Mayor Eileen Lieberman who said
Oi! He said I was so angry last night
He spoke to representatives from ESNS early this morning and later was having a spirited telephone conversation with Secretary of State
Glenda in the hood, a spirited conversation
Keeping in mind of course that your fat ass governor Jeff Bush was against amendment 4 very strongly
Because it's immoral
Yeah, it's a sin
Of course the smuggling stuff into the country like his wife Ameson and having a co-cadicted daughter and rehab all the time is missing
Yes and fixing the election in four years ago in Florida wasn't a sin
Yes and that said it's been trying to fix the software program
Problem is the first thing they were saying in Broward in 2002 but isn't able to get certification for the change from the state
And attorney for the Secretary of State is often disputed after they say fixing this problem is not something that needs certification by the state
Okay
Good area of goal, that's the good mission and the poor is going to pass
Pretty handily, comfortably, and then you'll have a referendum in Dayton and Broward in March and it'll pass overwhelmingly there
And then life will go on, we'll have a lot of money for education all over the state
And people can go have a good time and the person that the tracks will go way up and any kale have lots to talk about and that's it
And Hank and Tom's you can go out to the track again
Right?
Well I'll be happy
And we'll all be happy
And I can go back to Pompe no Park and plunge on the slots while David Graham is looking for the finish line with a compass in a road map
560-560, calm 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines
WQAM, hello
Hello
Yes sir, I am
This is us
Sorry
That's us
Okay, can I talk to Neil?
Speaking
I'm sorry
Speaking, speaking you got him, we didn't screen this man, I picked up cold
Great
Go ahead, speak, speak to me
Well I want to talk to him about the election
You're talking to him, this is Neil, Neil, Neil, KNEEL, this is me
All right, well let's talk about the sort of the morality issue and how the election was won by Mahol
Uh-huh
I don't understand an evangelical Christian or any Christian or any Catholic or anybody that leads in the right to life is going to say that our lives are more important than somebody who is or that abortion is bad but yet in vitro fertilization is okay
How about all the dead American soldiers and all the dead Iraqis?
Exactly, exactly right
What about all the dead Iraqis and what about all the dead people around the world that's caused by this administration
If you're going to say that you're anti-abortion and you're pro-life and how can you possibly a person who's willing to go to war
When you see at least they're consistent because the fetus hunters have consistently had one position and that is that once you're out of the world they don't give a crap about you
Okay, it's only the unborn fetus, the nebulous life that they're so obsessed with, that's what they care about once you're out of the world you're on your own
Well it's me, that's true
And it's a fact thing, it's a fact that people here really think that we're better than everyone else in the rest of the world
Everybody's as precious, everybody has the right to live and here we are back in the present that has no sense of that at all
So the problem with a lot of America is that these people have never been anywhere
Only 10% of American people have passed forward so they've never been out of the country
They have no concept of what the rest of the world is like and keep in mind when Bush made that
State the Union speech back in 2002 that business about well you're either with us or against us
He pitted us against the whole world, you know, they're going to join in with our barbaric assaults on whoever we choose or you're against us
So everybody has an enemy now
You're exactly right, the only way that's the fact that there might be another school and election and all that other nonsense
He has probably true that there's been a lot of discounted votes
But you know, you've got to remember that there's still 59 million people or are there about that voted for Bush
That is scary, that's right
So people that believe in God and believe in Jesus and what he says is still willing to vote for it but Brown is going to go to war
And you might only have the comment of Billy's vote
All right, we haven't lost it yet
Is there an hockey coming out or what?
No chance, man, if you have any, you probably not heard much down there
But the article is here, just ripping out that little thing, good matter, there's no chance
Yeah, I don't know what he is
Perfect season, maybe no losses
Good luck, boys, Matt's something is God
All I like for Alexander McGillian myself
He's the best
And you're also on that show
There's a war, are you ready?
Paul Beeskin and Pat Marston
And Jack Donahue was on it as well
There's a lace TV for a few seconds, okay
Just for your people really hungry for hockey
In fact, there's the race for Moodbine
The first race going off right now, ready for that for Moodbine?
Where they hit those slot machines, those evil one-on-bandits
Yeah, let's start putting some really odd stuff on once in a while
You're just going to keep these people under toes
I don't hear any audio, do you?
No
Oh, that's because the horses are still...
See, that's one of the things with Thurber race, you know
Just, I don't have the patience for that
Wouldn't you, I mean, I know horses are extremely stupid
But wouldn't you think that after they've run a whole bunch of races
That when they get to the place
They're out the public, they're like...
There's Dan Woizel
They're off
They're off
Come on, Dan
They're on
Open that
They're off
He may not think that way, he's really consistent
Boy, he's bad
Anyway, top of the 7, 2 am
You're the center, new Roger
It's the school's in your honor, on 560, 60, 2 am
We've got to start the race
We'll win him up in Belkettiga, slapin' all the women
We'll think that let's run the poll
I listen to the old Rogers, one or two of them
Yeah, I mean, I listen to the old Rogers
They're in balance, one or two hours
Well, well, well, well
Oh, baby, are you ready to do it?
Sorry, honey, I can't
Oh, what's the matter?
I just can't
There are a vote
Sound familiar?
If you suffer from ELECTILED ASFUNCTION
It's time to try LaVotra
So you can experience longer, more intense elections
Sometimes I need a long, hard look at the issues
And I used to have trouble getting up to vote
But with the Votra, he's able to maintain his election as long as he wants.
With the Votra, you can cast your ballot all night long.
Frankly, we've never experienced an election as hard as this one.
Isn't that right, honey?
Mmm, talk about voter status, faction.
If you feel you can't even trust your own poll, ask your doctor about the Votra.
The elections last longer than the one in 2000 are dangerous and should be reported immediately to the US Supreme Court.
So what more can happen to the John Edwards' wife has got breast cancer?
A gravely ill-yesor-era fat is in a coma.
Doctors at the hospital treating him denied reports he had died.
Luxembourg's Prime Minister told reporters of the Sun and Brussels that
Arafart had died, but later we tracked it as saying through spokesman Lucien Michele that it was a misunderstanding.
An official at the hospital where Arafart was rushed right, he said he was still alive.
He said we hit him with five shots.
And he's still alive.
That's a great scene.
What are all great scenes in the Godfather?
That's so let's go.
He was great, you know.
I mean, he was no more green, but it was pretty man good.
You know who I am?
No.
I'm more green.
Oh, I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Nice glasses, Mo.
Do you know what I mean?
102.
On fact, where the hell did I see a restaurant called Mo's?
At the airport somewhere?
Is it in Montreal?
There's a restaurant called Mo's?
I do believe so.
Let me say again if you're looking for a place to go to,
Montreal ain't bad except for all the frogs and the French.
What is Arafart?
And CNN's Twitter, The Swini, is watching all of the coming's and goings.
Well, we can't see either one of those.
Okay, we can't talk about coming's or goings.
No more.
Joyce gets really upset.
Five, six, seven.
Let's take a few calls this our cabin rambling on.
But I think we've had a good balance today.
Although Bill Balan's still dead.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty,
pound five, sixty on either horizon and singular,
wireless lines.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, I mean, oh, Jay Seedler.
I'm all give back to you, you're a hair piece.
Okay, go back and pay your must-read.
Get out of here.
WQAM, two A.M. hello.
I knew I wanted to hear.
Okay.
Listen, I just got back in town.
I'm sure you've been talking about the last couple weeks
of the story with Bill Balan's show.
What is it?
The story about Bill Kama, I'm sure you've been talking about it.
Yeah, that's all news now.
Yeah, I know.
You know, my question and really it's honestly a serious question
anything about it.
With the people that have had good through WSBN
with the Sally Fitz and Cinnamon Stover and Rick Sandman
have been out there, Kama, with this problem.
I'm just wondering if the general management of the dolphins
is the same as the one at WSBN?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I might be comparing notes.
I like the sound on that.
Sounded like a bon-show.
And what about that little twerk man?
To do it.
Be more specific.
No, a little twerk from the bon-show.
Chuck Barris?
Chuck Barris.
Chuck Embarris.
Is he a great agent man?
I saw that again.
A lot of most people think he made that story up
about being a CIA agent and killing all those people.
But it's just, yeah, that's kind of a good deal.
You know, a good scan.
Just make up some story that nobody could possibly trace.
Although I think Bob Novak is going to out him on Crossfire Day.
Crossfire!
If there's anybody I'd like to break their legs, man,
it's Bob Novak.
When you like to hit him in a head with a baseball back,
just a few times.
Well, let's see.
I would love for you to be my guest at the dining room,
left through.
You know, there he is, yeah.
Wow.
And now he's even given me tips, my friend Ian,
to work with my business.
This is what I need because I didn't win the $649 lottery.
So I need some tips, okay?
Look at that.
That sounds really good, huh?
Stick tips.
Oh, I don't want no dinners, man.
I got to lose some weight.
Porking up together, Ian.
Got a little bit of you.
A little porky there.
Well, of course, all the stress of this election.
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right.
And just missing winning that lotto that 50...
How much was it?
15 million last week by one digit.
That's cruel.
That's really cruel.
So I like ballooned up to $196, I think.
There was a story on NPR.
Back in 1992 right now, though, I'm working on it.
What?
A story on NPR about how stress causes you to gain weight.
They had to, uh, scientific lady on their explaining.
Well, that's a good excuse.
You couldn't have been all that ice cream always,
man.
I'm sure that...
Yeah, it's your flight or flight response when you...
You have what it is?
And, yep.
And so your body...
You know what I started?
We'd be getting stressed.
And we just, it just drove me right to the verge of insanity.
Was that morning you were witness?
You were, I witnessed it.
When I came back after that, we caught
that I was in a great mood.
I just, uh, one of you busted woodbine, whatever.
I had a great time and I come in at 820 on a Monday
morning.
I sit my, I come into this room anyway.
I sit my fat ass down in this chair.
And no sooner had my left cheek finally
settled on a chair than near to your buddy,
the muffmeister, the purveyor of gloom and doom.
Oh, well, Greg, isn't Greg, Greg, Greg,
didn't you know I'm no about this?
Isn't it Greg?
You know, another one of these nervous breakdowns.
And that was it.
That was the end.
And you know, something since that day,
although I did go through tremendous trauma
from that experience, I'm so glad that that happened
because, uh, for, I'm also through the reasons.
The main reason being that I'm not participating,
I'm not communicating, I'm not, I'm not getting involved
anymore than this neurotic nervous breakdown,
emotional cripple syndrome that exists there at QAAM
with Greg and Doug and Clarence.
And let them all go out there in the hallway
and they have a nervous breakdown complex.
Whatever they want to do, fine.
And now George is the interlocutor.
He's the epimped, the intermediary.
And, you know, and that's it.
You've got to message you along.
Or if they don't, if it's something even more serious than that,
let them talk to Norma Cant, okay?
That'll keep them in the distance.
I don't want to be involved with those people
because they're just, they're just grave robbers.
No matter what you do for them,
you show up every day, you do the best you can.
Generally, get pretty good numbers
and they suddenly start messing with your show.
But, uh, you know, you bring in tons of money
and they still freeze you like crap.
Just like Tom Jicke said in his column Saturday,
always like that little Tom Jicke,
you know, that vault's stupid Tom Jicke?
Always like him a lot.
Man.
So, for that day, really just, uh,
that just set me off.
That was just, how stupid have you got to be?
And of course, his excuses,
oh, Greg, why don't you even call you on Friday about this?
But you wanted vacation, I said,
no way, but the idea that I just come in here
first thing in the morning.
And he hits me with something that I didn't know about,
that had nothing to do with me,
that was much to do about nothing as usual.
And develop, you know,
and if you're an emotional cripple miss,
mucket, then that's your problem, okay?
God, get a life for you, please.
I have no life.
And we know that.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I want to speak to him like an Italian.
I don't mind.
Oh, it's a vegan.
I'm going to ask you what I'm saying.
Yeah, that was good.
I want to speak to my friend,
I'm saying,
the video is the best in the city,
well, it was kind of raw though,
it was dripping in blood.
It's kind of unusual to have bloody view.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pond 5, 60,
I don't have to be verizon and singular.
You know, I love,
can you remember?
I'm sure you can.
The look on McCluskey's face when he gets the bullet
in the head.
And he's like grabbing it,
and that's grabbing it,
that look is just so beautiful.
That was, what that was his name?
Oh, the great idea.
Oh, I was dead.
Sterling Hayden, there you go.
Man, am I good or what?
Sterling Hayden,
I couldn't remember Chuck and Barris,
but when he gets to be old and feeble,
like I will be tomorrow.
Do you realize that tomorrow,
I enter my golden years?
Because there are certain things
that when you're 62,
then you're a senior citizen?
Oh, yeah.
Like discounts, things like that.
In fact, I had gone into like,
I think it wrets all here.
There's, they have a deal where you,
if you're 62 or over,
you're like a discount.
Really?
Yeah.
And in the beginning,
I was like offended by that.
Like do I look 62?
Shame on you.
You know, look, I don't look 62.
I mean, maybe I'm 61 and a half.
But so now I'm going to say,
you bet, I'll show you my ID,
my shoe size,
whatever you want to see.
Because why the hell not, right?
Why not?
Especially with this damn expensive Canadian dollar
and out to like 82 cent,
thanks to the bush market,
the American dollar is in the crapper.
And especially with all this GST and PST
and EDT and DDT,
I can't handle it.
WQAM, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I want it.
Great.
Listen, uh,
get them on the head.
The only reason why I actually got excited about voting
was because of, uh,
to this guy, what's his guy name?
My Dean Howard.
Yeah.
Dean Howard.
Yeah.
Where was Howard?
Howard game.
Can you remember his name was?
Good old name was.
You know what?
Online, he actually got me excited about politics.
You know, I thought he was, you know,
a little bit awesome.
You know, what's that point?
We can.
Right.
He wasn't one of those old hack insiders
who just sucked along,
you know, I had the balls to tell him like it was.
He came on TV,
that eight Tom Ridge made that phony,
baloney terror announcement,
and then he exposed it for what it was.
It was strictly politics.
And then of course they had to put on Joe Lieberman on there.
All while I know if Tom Ridge,
well, he wouldn't do that.
You know, all these other Namby Pambi
a voices that roll over and play dead
in the Democratic Party.
And Dean was the one guy that had the big pair.
And then of course,
little Dennis Cicinich was too short
to be taken seriously.
I mean, if you looked that off,
you know, state of our county,
everyone voted for, uh,
for the Democrat.
But you look at, uh,
think about it.
There was a Florida,
all of them to Florida.
He's about the old part.
You know, all those,
you were 70, 80 years old.
No, no, no.
The other one was the old part.
Now it's written next, man.
Read that Bible thumpers.
Yeah, but the difference is
it's not my learning on it.
Let's make it worse.
People pass days of 70 can't vote.
Because most of them are dead
by four terms of running out.
So we're starting to look at the back.
You know, especially the old Cubans, baby,
well, not the old Jews vote,
because they usually vote right.
But the old Cubans know,
no moths, no moths.
What do you say?
What do you think?
Okay, but no more old Cubans voting, okay?
In fact, I heard cashier
will fill down again is what I'm hearing.
Yeah, break a leg, Fidel.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five.
I just decided something here during this last
outpouring when that commentary about that morning.
Yeah, I'm just going to keep working until I croak.
Okay, see that whole business about retire at the Pope.
Just, yeah, I'm going to like the Pope.
I'm going to keep working until I croak.
Although hopefully in better shape than he's in.
Because what a hell not.
You know, I like having that money coming in.
And it actually does show up once in a while.
Although the grief that you have to see with this company,
it's not worth planning on too much longer.
Because the way that they make you go through such grief,
you get paid, that's not worth it.
It should come in like on a regular basis.
Should have to worry about things like that.
There's enough legitimate things to life that you worry about.
As opposed to like,
what's it they're going to pay you or not?
You know, and did this one do this?
And they want everybody to think that this company is like a real
serious subrogash thing company.
They're under stock.
You see, it's strictly like a mom and a pop grocery store.
Like a electric convenience store.
You know that?
The convenience store.
An inconvenient store.
It's just it's a mom and pop operation with a bunch of nose pickers.
From it, it's after one of five, 60 WQM.
They got the mad dog at two is getting it all pumped up for a big.
Are you serious?
I said that can you be blacked out on Sunday?
I would think so.
It would make sense because nobody in, I mean,
Arizona is like a little girl's team.
And the dolphins are like a blind little girl's team.
You know, with all due apologies to blind little girls.
But I mean, you know, that's embarrassing.
Without you and your sale,
there were three guys paying good on it often,
teaming that was like Jason Taylor,
sat Thomas and junior sale.
Now, junior's out for the,
out for the rest of the season.
For the torn, whatever it was, the torn thing.
You know what it was?
Yeah, the season's over anyway.
What?
You can't be saying that to be working on this station.
Hey, junior.
That's the money, junior.
Yeah.
So it could be Arizona was one of those teams that they had earmarked.
Just like doing the election,
you know, they picked certain counties and locales
where they got a chance to win.
Arizona was one of those that they marked off
in pencil very light.
But here's a chance we got to win this game.
But right now, I wouldn't, I wouldn't count it.
Especially after that game on deny point.
That was, that was just,
it was, there no words to describe it.
Twelve minutes after one, I think I just said,
I'm going to go on a silly 12 after one.
God, this thing slows down.
You know what it is?
That's how many year again,
the snowbirds and relatives come down from the north of the winter.
And this winter, why not give them something special
for a great night's sleep on a new mattress from Valkyrie's?
They carried the complete line of betting from Seely,
Surta, Simmons, King Quo,
Tempropetic Anne, Sterins,
and Banana Sposter.
Call 1-800-Matrus right now and save you up to an additional 20% off.
They're already super low factory direct prices on select models.
Call 1-800-Matrus right now and choose the day and time for your delivery
within any two hour window that you picked seven days a week from 8 a.m.
till 10 p.m.,
in other words, they show up on it's convenient for you
and they really do sure what.
All the smart folks that I know, including yours truly,
we count on Dalmatris every time the old betting is worn out
and believe you me, so many reasons to do it.
Low prices, same-day delivery,
free set up and rovele it is unbeatable.
So it's easy to see why Dalmatris' rank number
won a customer satisfaction.
Dalmatris even received the prestigious Better Business Bureau
is towards the next one's award.
Give them a call toll-free.
1-800-Matrus or check them out online at mattress.com
for the great night sleep that you're looking for for
tonight and years to come.
Just make that one simple call 1-800-MAT.
If I make out a call here is another one rated
in Moe Highland and David and his home.
And at least according to my ears,
I'm just an inspiration.
Stay away from it.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're above the low.
Yes, I want your take on J. Beaver.
Oh, J. Beaver.
Is it great to order back in a good juice?
I like J. Beaver.
Well, in the mention he's got extraordinary smooth
deposits.
Oh, yeah!
Yes, you're going to be given what you see here.
Oh, keep the, thank you more.
No, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
I was going down there in the mirror, ma'am.
I'm going down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, oh, wait.
By the way, something.
No, no, no, I have to go.
Look, I tell you what,
I'll hold you open up right.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old,
the Tantations.
How's that?
That's not right.
No, wait!
That was the only call that we had.
The thing you got you knows is growing again.
Going going going going going going going going going going going going going.
It's not the right toy.
It's not the right toy.
It's not the right toy.
It's not the right toy.
You got sick,
with old days.
And you know that I get sick.
And around those old days and old days.
You got sick.
I got sick.
And you go, look,
get the mirror,
get a bit of a road,
not a bit of a road,
get the mirror,
wait till,
die, die, die, die,
die, die, die, die,
I know clothes won't stop this thing.
Almost every day I've been
and my veins has been a star that tickles me.
I had annoyed and ignored your voice,
yeah, I've pulled back the ball on the back.
And because I'm in front of your bed,
when I know that's me,
with old days.
And you know that I get sick.
And I don't know how to see
and try to turn up this memory.
I know how to see
my old days.
Oh, I know, I know, I know,
I know, I know, I know,
I know, I know, I know,
I know, I know, I know,
I know, I know, I know,
19 at 5'60 WQAM,
morality became a player in the campaign.
I love this.
From your least favorite website,
Cavalihil Blue,
the audience likes it and I like it a lot.
Friends and boys, now that we are,
thanks for the happy birthday wishes Eric,
you put that with the balloons on my old set again.
How think you put the number on there?
That's good.
Friends and boys built his election,
went on a coalition of older white church goers
and a race where voters were more likely to cite
morality as their top concern.
Rather than they were on terror,
analization of the vote showed yesterday.
Morality.
Just like that caller said a few minutes ago,
killing innocent people,
sending our American troops off to be slaughtered
without the,
the,
the equipment they need to protect them,
having no plan to win the war,
again, putting them in harm's way.
Not putting enough troops over there like he was told
by his generals in the first place,
so that again, putting them even more in harm's way,
plus killing all his innocent men
with an and little children
who are painting the As-Bi standards.
That's morality.
Of course, it's typical throughout history,
the more religious they are,
the more they were leaving killing your enemy.
Of course, most of these people
supposedly weren't the enemy,
but don't confuse them.
They just paint any escalatoral damage.
They shouldn't have attacked them.
Pollsters had focused on terror,
resummer,
racquet, and the economy issues,
and they ran up to two days' election,
and those were of course big factors
in Bush's two million-vogue margin.
In other words,
the pollsters didn't realize we had so many far-bisoned
agonemen in the country.
But that's what it says here.
But moral values was the single top issue
cited by voters and social and religious issues,
such as game marriage,
gun ownership, and abortion-loom-large.
Court exit polls by TV networks
posted on a website Wednesday.
Bush voters said they've added his clarity,
leadership, and religious faith,
while Kerry scored much higher
with those who placed a premium on intelligence,
compassion, and being an agent of change.
Oh my god, listen to that.
Please read that paragraph again.
Bush voters said they've valued his clarity,
leadership, and religious faith,
Abu Gharr, while Kerry scored much higher
with those who placed a premium on intelligence,
compassion, and being an agent of change.
In other words, so the dumb 59 million,
they voted for Bush,
and the people over the IQ larger than their thumbnail,
they voted for Kerry, the 54 million,
whatever it was.
Bush's amalization of the exit data showed that,
or CNN's amalization showed that,
Morally was cited as the number one concern
by 22% of voters,
four fifths of whom voted for Bush.
80%.
The second top issue was the economy and jobs,
and Kerry captured 80% of those.
Terrorism was the third top issue at 19% in reckless
fourth to 15%,
and 73% of those voters went for Kerry.
So in other words, on the issues that made a difference,
Kerry won on bubble mices and fairy tales,
and the God Squad,
and who's my religion is better than your religion,
80% of those went to Bush,
and he got all of those Bible fun presiding.
He got the God Squad out there,
marched in a goose step,
and baby, light up an array for miles.
Other domestic issues, health care,
taxes, education were all under 10%
with Democrats carrying more about health and schools
and Republicans about taxes.
Other networks had very similar
inelizations in the exit pool on their websites on Wednesday.
Despite all, wait a year,
this quote, wait a year, who is from,
man, you're going to barf the beat,
lunch yet?
Yeah, or?
It's a bag out.
All right.
Despite the conventional political wisdom
that moral concerns are a drag on a political ticket,
it was values that energize voters.
James Kennedy, president of the
Barbison Florida based Coral Ridge Ministry,
said in the statement,
Kennedy said Christian conservatives had
voted on his respective large numbers
and delivered a moral mandate.
So I work for Dr. James Kennedy,
that German anti-Semite.
All the 11 states with anti-game origin issues
on a ballot Bush carried nine.
Three of those states had either open
or very competitive center races
and Republicans captured all three.
Joja, Oklahoma, and Kentucky.
They don't like them,
fang, it's there.
voters who oppose gay marriage
overwhelmingly back,
Bush, while the minority of Americans
who back full marriage rights for gay couples,
back carry.
For the growing slice of voters,
35% of voice support for civil unions for gay couples.
It was a narrow or 52 to 47% for Bush.
For addictably, people who oppose abortion rights
tended to vote for Bush as did those with guns in their homes.
The NRA had campaigned hard for pro-gun candidates.
As expected,
people who lived in big cities went for carry,
and those in smaller communities in rural areas for Bush.
Farmers,
Yokels, Red Nicks.
Merri, people with children went for Bush
but working moms like carry.
Union members were democratic,
veterans supported Bush despised the question about
as they supported a wall Bush.
The spiked the question about Bush's national guard
duty and the still bitter debate over
carry service and be at NAMM.
People who thought the economy was basically
in good shape voted for Bush as did affluent voters
who loved those tax cuts for the rich.
People who thought Iraq was a mess went for carry.
First time voters in those 18 to 29 back carry
as to those who made up their minds in the last few days
and keeping with conventional wisdom that
undecided is usually great for the challengers.
Voters over 60 tended to go for Bush,
although I may not have gotten as much
mileage out of Medicare reform as you have hoped.
Here comes the meat, okay? You want to get to the meat?
All right.
Religion was a bellweather.
Feel good!
Weekly churchgoers voted for Bush by close to 2-to-1 margin
and Protestants, Glam, who attend church regular
voted for Bush by a 70-to-29 margin
MSNBC found that 78 percent
of white evangelical born again Christians voted for Bush
and those that describe themselves as white religious
conservatives gave him, oh my god!
96 percent of their votes.
Oh my god!
MSNBC found that 78 percent of white evangelical
born again Christians voted for Bush
and those who described themselves as white religious
conservatives gave him 96 percent of the votes.
Jesus, Epping Christ.
Only for Christ!
Only ford that's the one.
Only 14 percent of the populist
incoherency and describe themselves as never going to church
and they voted overwhelmingly for Kerry.
Thank god for them.
Occasional churchgoers 40 percent of voters
gave Kerry a 6-point lead.
Jews, standing in the Democratic column,
but early signs with that Bush did pick up a few points
from that traditionally more liberal constituency.
Three to four percent of voters identified themselves as gay lesbian or bisexual.
Ah!
About three quarters of them voted for Kerry to pull.
In other words, 25 percent of the vagus voted for Bush.
Then log cabin, self-hate and Mary Cheney,
Thoney Baloney, Korsbeard Grinken,
Oh god!
One third of the union people voted for Bush.
God, I thought there was only one misdrudge.
You're listening to Neil Rogers'
movement wave on five feet.
Oh my god!
What will it play?
I'm waiting.
What's going on there?
For you, dutch backen?
Are you ready for some football
then tune in to ESPN Gay?
And he hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up.
Oh yeah.
ESPN Gay.
I expect that that's a third cowboy.
Bear, Viking, Packers.
You'll get them all on ESPN Gay.
He's got a fire into his guy right here.
He'll the sweat.
Of course you push, you push, you push, you smell.
The passion.
He did voting backwards.
He put him right on the back.
There's ain't some makeover show on Bravo.
It's the NFL on ESPN Gay.
And then everyone's trying to slap it around down there and
what it's grown in.
You know, you get a lot of stuff flying.
I'm getting back on the ground.
I'm getting back on the ground.
ESPN Gay.
Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction.
I don't know where that one came from.
Some days will never be the same.
That one, it was the last shot out of the Roman candle.
Call your cable operator now.
And then that, the ESPN Gay.
What the hell?
What the hell?
What a real Oscar.
That one.
ESPN Gay.
Now that's a mouthful.
Now, what's next?
Thank you in our gang.
Some days will never be the same.
Yeah, you know, you're right.
928 votes on a pool.
Which of these is most accurate?
Bush won the election because.
Fierens to opinion.
311.
Born again, nut job is 225.
The Democrats are in net 97.
He was a better choice than Kerry.
97, 10.4%.
You should live so long.
Are they stolen 96?
Because of Carl Rolls 71.
Because of 911, 26.
And because he had more money behind him, only five.
Which of course will not have been the case.
Because thanks to move on to Oregon,
lots of other organizations and George Soros and Soros,
he had plenty of money.
And they ran a lot of good ads too.
In fact, the 527s ran some great ads about pushing the Saudis.
But of course, most of those ads appeared
that people had an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
That was the problem.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
I just don't want to tell you.
I went from a complete access to see over my red thoughts
to out of depression.
I think all these red neck, as you said,
and I agree with a red neck, Roy, and I tell you,
I think the north and south of the west,
which is the sea, I've got another civil war.
I mean, I'm joking, but it's really a display.
But you're right.
We have two countries now.
We have the countries of the educated,
the people at IQ large, like I said,
in this thumbnail.
And we have the God Squadders, the mystic lunatics
who are waiting for Armageddon for the world to blow up.
And quite frankly, the rest of us don't want to go along
with our game plan.
So, I am telling you, what is the,
what is South Florida having common with Central Park?
What does New York City have in common with Buffalo?
I mean, it's fair.
Right.
It's right.
It's absolutely absurd.
The only good thing with Central Florida can get,
I mean, a dentist should go up there
because these red neck gorems don't have any teeth.
I mean, it's really a display.
It's really a display.
It really is.
I'll see you at the piece, Fridge, baby.
Take it, Neil.
All right.
Yeah, the piece, Fridge.
At least you'll be over where you'll be safe.
You know, when you come over and get a flu shot,
we got plenty here in Canada.
You know, shortage it all.
Cost you 40 bucks, though, US.
Huh?
Okay.
You realize how many people have poured across the board
to get their flu shots here?
And they make one other prediction.
Okay, I'm not the business to make them predictions.
That lie that Bush told her in one of the debates about,
well, I think it was the second debate.
Well, maybe in December, they'll revisit this thing
about drugs from Canada, imported them drugs.
Of course, you know, there is not a trinomins chance
in hell that that's going to happen.
Well, we, we, we, we examine it.
We don't want those dangerous drugs from Canada,
from, yeah, Canada, that's our country.
That's right.
Oh, Canada.
Boy, you just wait and see, man.
It's not going to happen.
In fact, the stocks that went up the most yesterday
after the election was finally in the,
stolen, pharmaceuticals and defense contractors.
They went zooming up there, zooming by.
I made a little money.
As John both used to say, at the mental length,
and I have no idea why, because he couldn't announce
his weight of a paper sack.
Zooming by, he was terrible.
Look at that.
And the market is zooming up again today
because they're ecstatic now.
They know that they got a, they got a,
they've got a license to steal now.
Just put your hands on it.
American taxpayers pockets and just rip them,
rape them.
That was up on 132, and as they stepped 13 and a half over 2000,
crude oil has done a 49.62.
What less?
No, you know, wait another week.
You'll see that price oil got start.
I'm not going to get you again.
I wouldn't be surprised now that it's
a celebrate, the LL Bush Meister's reelection now,
that banned our Bush in a whole bunch of
far-bisoned aerobics.
Come, you'll see that by the White House.
They'll be drinking it, smoking and big fat,
fine cigars and drinking it, fine expensive,
French wine.
You'll see.
They got their plans, baby.
They got their plans.
In fact, we have a really good article
about the Carlisle Group on our website today.
If you want to read again, how about the public
sitting and rafting ripped off?
Talk about crooks.
That's morality, baby.
Alla Burton, crooked deals.
That's morality.
Crooked energy deals with Kenny Lay
and all these other crooks behind closed doors.
That's morality.
See the problem with you, God squat,
Jack asses out there.
You don't understand what morality really means.
To them, morality is only about sex.
And of course, most of them are screwing
everything that moves, you know?
But that's all they think about.
But honesty and integrity and decency
and valuing human life that's out of the womb,
they have to interest any of these things.
All they know about is guns,
engage and crap.
That's it.
That's it.
Right.
Speaking of that,
yeah, I like the headline.
In this article,
Capital Hill Blue, your favorite website.
Bloggers screwed the pooch on exit polls.
And that acute headline,
they screwed the pooch.
News organizations promised this they'd
look into why the election day is
it pull showed an initial surge for John Kerry.
That really pissed me off because you know me.
I'm on that website,
the election afternoon.
And I'm looking on there.
I'm getting all excited.
And this shows Florida.
Carries ahead.
No, Hyal carries it.
It says they blamed bloggers for spreading news
that gave a misleading view of the presidential race.
The exit poll that it was delivered at several points to
that ABC CBS,
NBCC and then Fox Nazi news in the AP by the
National Election Pool,
a company formed in the wake of the networks
blowing calls on election night 2000.
This was supposed to improve things.
Didn't.
The first wave of exit polls showed
Kerry would lead a three points in Florida,
four points in Ohio.
Only let's see.
It says once one part of it is
in question and it's wrong kind of puts the whole thing
in question said Marty Ryan Fox Nazi news channels executive
producer for political coverage.
It was disappointing during the primary season.
It worked very well for us.
We were happy with it.
But it wasn't that good two tonight.
Other network representatives said their confidence
in any people made unshaken,
which shows how stupid they are.
The Florida and Ohio exit poll results along with those
in other states where it were Kerry was strong
was quickly disseminated on websites such as
Slate, the Fudge report,
wantket.com,
atheist,
blogspot.com and a command post.
Some of these sites caution readers not to make too much
of the information they command post delivered news
under the headline Green of Salt.
Miss Fudge removed the numbers almost as quickly
as they were posted and he had those flashing lights on there
I'm sure.
And Slate warned these early exit poll numbers
did not define the name of the winner.
I don't didn't have any real compunction
about putting it up there.
I said Alan Nelson commanders is the command post.
I didn't struggle with it.
I didn't because I knew it was going to become global news.
I didn't with it about 30 seconds.
I posted you the side.
Nelson said.
But the people who read these numbers,
among them thousands of ordinary Americans
with an intense interest in election,
put too much faith in them and let the conclusion
say Bill Schneider see it ends pulling amoeven.
I think people believe them and it's especially the case
with internet bloggers and Kathy Frank
of X-CBS News Polling Director.
That's unfortunate because it says
some expectations that may or may not be met.
I think it's a good exercise
because it reminds people that early exit polls can be
unreliable.
She said they are unreliable.
So there you go.
And it goes around about they did this
and none of it was used through on recall.
It was a very, it was very depressing
and you notice the bush people were done
and dumps her when we needed me before 8 o'clock
and it carried people getting ready to crack
out the champagne
because it was exit polls that sucked in the course.
The exit polls can never factor
when they faced the votes either.
See what I'm saying?
I do.
So in other words, if they took the exit poll in Ohio
and carry with four points to head
but the machines from die bold were like
cranking it up to the other direction.
In other words, one vote for care equals two votes for bush.
As a result of that then it kind of like throws it off a little bit.
Not that was existing
that there was any twist-raining like that.
Should anecdotes.
There are no should anecdotes
because that's only on St. Paddy's Day.
So I was saying.
I should do them by the way.
I have that fist here
with her vastly pulled up hat.
Taco Bell is a silly-ass person man
that babbling broke.
Let's get her on now.
Let's get her on as a guest.
A hoot.
Right on this show.
Maybe she can sit in for Canton L'Anifer for a few days.
Oh no.
Yeah.
Canton L'Anifer.
Oh god.
22 till 2.
Praise the Lord, baby.
Praise Jesus.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
It's day-oh.
If I am in town.
Oh, go go go.
At 5.6.
Oh.
WQA.
At 5.6.
At 5.6.
Coming up tonight,
I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story.
He was just dual damn heads
in the state famous for two more.
He was criticizing.
There was just something about Chris Isaac.
He uh...
Sorry, I uh...
I split off my seat there.
Dr. Linda Needsaboke
is a research fellow with the institute for attractiveness studies.
How do people get these jobs?
See with a Brad Pitt or another sexy movie star.
A woman can even sit and watch the DVD with her husband or boyfriend.
The man knows she finds the celebrity attractive,
but it's only a movie.
Now a singer,
like Chris Isaac, who is not only an incredibly gorgeous
heron and those pouty lips.
Whoa!
What's up?
Sorry.
Look, there's no point in my getting back on the chair.
It's just going to happen again.
Um, the point is when Chris,
you could just hop in that CD and hear that voice
and you freaking melt.
Make me believe on you.
Oh!
According to Dr. Needsaboke,
men became so threatened by their women's
and enjoyment of Chris Isaac
that they sent out several brainwave messages
seeing Chris Isaac is no longer welcome in the home.
To save their relationships the women stop buying Chris's records.
Sorry Chris, please forgive us.
Oh God!
Oh, yes!
Chris Isaac, a voice that can bring a woman to her knees.
I know how he feels.
Get it, ladies.
It's a big juicy, sapping wet looking show business.
Tonight, on inside the behind.
So where's the pictures already?
I don't even know what Chris Isaac looks like.
You don't?
No, I have no idea what he looks like.
Oh, whatever.
Does he look like a guy?
Yeah.
Well, that's a start.
Well, I'm looking on the web here.
I'll look forward later.
He's going to be here.
Keep my interest.
I beg your pardon?
I don't think he'd like it.
Okay, good.
That's good.
Hahaha!
It's worth it.
And I'm sure he wouldn't like me anyway.
144 at 560 WKM.
You see, we're trying to like our whole deal is
because some of you are here sounding very depressed.
You're down in the dumps.
And that was yesterday.
You just can't continue doing that.
Because you can't let the blame get you down.
You know, my late dear friend Alan Fickleson from
Pompadopark used to say that all the time.
The one problem in the world is too many goms.
And he's absolutely right.
And, you know, like I said, believe whatever you want.
Believe everybody else alone.
But, oh, I'm waiting here this.
I'm going to read this one.
I even know it's got a lot of the same statistics I just read.
When you find out who voted for the first time
because of gay marriage, you are going to just
pee your pants.
A plot?
The Amish.
The Amish aren't supposed to be voting.
Well, guess what?
They're for Bolton.
Guess what?
Maybe they were at Amish.
Eric Burman in the nation writes in his daily outrage
of vote for fear.
He says, the biggest outrage imaginable occurred to
they despite a lagging economy and unpopular war in Iraq.
And on personated energy on the other side,
Republicans actually increased their majorities in Congress
and held the presidency.
How did this happen?
A look at tooth and ass exit polls reveal that Republicans
effectively manipulated voter-saying anxieties about
the threat from terrorism abroad and gay marriage at home
to solidify their mandate.
Voters approved every one of the 11 initiatives
banning gay marriage on safe ballots.
In Ohio, the strictest anti-gay marriage amendment ever proposed,
banning even civil unions and possibly domestic partnership
for straight couples passed with 62% of the vote.
That's in Ohio, by the way, which was the pivotal state.
23% of voters named moral values is the most important issue
according to exit polls.
One had a rack only 13% and helped care 5%
and secondly the jobs economy by a point in a state
decimated by outsourcing and losing a manufacturing jobs.
Of the moral values voters, 85% preferred president Bush.
The church is going to show up today filled
the rest chamber of the Ohio campaign to protect
marriage told the New York Times yesterday.
Breast said that social issues like the ban on gay marriage
prompted groups like the Amish to vote for the first time.
Solidifying Bush's support, the 17% of voters who write terrorism
is the most important issue.
Take the president know hired by a stunning margin
of 90 to 10 over carry.
These trends carried over to other crucial battleground states
like Florida, where voters racked moral values as
second with 20% behind only terrorism at 24%.
80% supported Bush on moral values and then even higher
87% on terrorism.
These statistics show how the president won the Sunsir on state.
In teetering swing states like Arkansas,
33% of voters identified moral values as the crucial issue
while Democrats are independent joined in improving a ban on gay marriage by 75%.
Across the red states, moral values and terrorism
often trump the economy in Iraq, far surpassed
their past health care and education as the most important issue for voters.
Moral values and terrorism.
Republicans drove up turnout by hammering John Kerry as a gay loving,
terror-competuating Massachusetts liberal
who had imposed the social values of Boston and San Francisco on all of America
and it worked.
The party that favors passing a constitutional amendment that
would explicitly withdraw rights from a group of people for the first time in
American history now has a stranglehold on moral values.
The party that failed the take actions that could have helped prevent
9-11 and strengthen al-Qaeda by invading Iraq is the only one who can
deprive America from terrorism in the voters' minds
and this party ignorance is strength.
Boy is that well said or what?
Ignorance isn't just Bush, ignorance is strength.
What was I saying all along during his campaign?
The reason that America loved Bush is because he was dumb or even
devoured the neighborhood made him feel better about themselves
because you know what they say about water-seek-sits-home level?
So does totality.
So does like that like that I for a corridor was spelled
just like that.
That's how he's spelling.
What's an R4?
He can't spell corridor without
like he can't spell Kragmire without Iraq.
Now there's another one about 9-11 anxiety,
hopefully I'm going to say it again and
spread what you're voting on the pool and I do understand there's a lot of tough
choices without 9-11 there'd be no more W Bush.
He'd be on a way out.
In fact you know something probably without 9-11 would have been
impeached a long time ago over a lot of other things that have been going on.
But you know we can't keep the eye on the ball the two bazilla or everybody trying to stay alive.
And of course if this military
adventurism of his really continues the way a lot of people think it will be
and we start invading you know Iran and Syria and North Korea and who knows where else
whenever we pick and choose they will need a draft.
So those young people out there that didn't vote or even the ones that did
war was to you man.
Yeah.
It's the best you've got in there again.
And if there's anybody who thinks see that's one good thing about this show is
we don't really give a crap you know.
In other words we're going to tell it the way we see it and we're not going to
suck up to a bunch of religious nuts right in the southern crap okay you're
crazy that a bed bug and you're entitled to be a crazy is a bed bug but the rest of the
world is scared crap us of you and we're just can't deal with it.
We're not going to tolerate it we're going to continue speaking out against it.
Screaming out against it screaming.
Screaming that too that's why we need Howard Dean we need a screamer in there
is what we need it.
Yeah that's right but I do not choose to run.
You like it.
Yeah I just choose to waddle.
WQA and hello.
Hey Lou.
Yes sir.
Hey then I wanted to say all these people who voted for Bush I hope
these people get what you want.
I hope he invades three more countries this time just a couple more towards
the chambers, torches more people you know I hope he's noticed more as uh
written.
Yeah right down when you know I want you to notice more of it into these two
another attack and then complains about how we never could have imagined
something like this could have happened.
Hey and by the way I hope all you people have voted for Bush I hope that when he
starts all these other words that's your kids that he sends you with or do
exactly I hope that he sends your kids and then you people can cry about how.
Oh you know you're for freedom and all these other stuff and you guys all
have proved all of this you've given permission to do it and
I'm going with you to kind of the new.
Okay see the board of pally.
All right don't forget to bring some smoke meat for the Montrealers.
Uh and I'll say it again like I did yesterday because I'm sure that there are
media types in the various uh soft board of beroes where they listen to the show
and the closet like the like the people of the hero.
You're a disgrace.
You're an absolute disgrace.
The American media has almost totally let the public down.
In fact remember when the New York Times had a one in an article about the
how badly they failed to apologize because they feel so badly on the whole
aracting?
Now that's pretty sad that they all got sucked in.
And we don't hear one more word of the things that really counted that the
people in the media should have been screaming to the public about like
Valerie's claim and the outing of uh of her and the Joseph Wilson thing
and of course the Richard Clark thing.
That book.
I mean there's so much evidence out there man but if problem is the
average American doesn't read a newspaper much less a book.
So the kitty Kelly book and Richard Clark book and all this other
information that was out there and the internet.
Don't forget about the internet.
So that's one of the reasons why I spent a lot of time on this show reading
every day trying to like to pass stuff along that people don't have the
interest in predation or time to read and uh it was worthwhile and self-forward
anyway.
Too bad we weren't nationally.
You know when those people are ripped Michael Moore.
If we had a thousand Michael Moore's I guarantee you that these Nazis wouldn't be
empowered today.
It's sure the students had mutual projects and school students.
You're taking the sparing first.
That's the movie.
Oh
I'm I took a call for the finally.
They say the future be right for me now I can't get no job
because I don't got no liberty.
I've spoken like an old Negro.
If I like to talk they have this way now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shootthrow and try to do 7-4-8-Cat-E-L-A.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
developing their box, trying to bloom without poverty.
White devil's got snow, y'all told me and time fast.
Oh the bomb makes me give my life a change now.
Got to go and sell more crack cocaine.
Rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine.
Learning what a boy in a song.
If I'd make this sound funny,
God's nothing to do with literacy.
Now I've got to make more money.
Leave a fool, sounds good to me.
I've got plenty of nothing.
If I'd make this sound, maybe I'll have a good old wise bitch.
Steal the purse and fuller hair.
Then I'm gonna take some money by a cereal and a fridge at there.
I'm not gonna take some money.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
developing their box, trying to bloom without poverty.
White devil's got snow, y'all told me and time fast.
Oh the bomb makes me give my life a change now.
Time fast.
Got to go and sell more crack cocaine.
Rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine.
Oh, what a hot crack cocaine.
Rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine, rack cocaine.
What for for several?
We got a crack at a herica baby right down the middle.
We got a north and south problem again.
We got the intelligent people and people who got an IQ larger than their little pinky.
And then we got the Jesus Christ's man.
Sean has a really good facts here to close us out today.
A previous factor was myth about the cerebrally challenged face of the bush voters, so I did
them my own analysis.
Of the top 10 smartest states in the union based on the Morgan Quinto Press annual survey
2003 and 4, carry 1-8.
10 smartest states, carry 1-8 bushel-2, and only 1-5 would vote for carry, which I don't
think was very close.
Of the 113 electoral votes represented by the 10 smartest states, bush got only 10 of
those votes, and only 3-5 would win for carry, and carry got all the rest.
How do you like that?
So in other words, in the places where people have an education, an IQ larger than a hair
pin, carry 1.
Of the 10 dumbest states where people are dumb and then a box of rocks, bush won 8 of those
and carry only 2.
This is only because California is writing suffers from massive illegal immigration.
All those illegal aliens were going to get a 57-sherry in a whole bunch of food stamps
from bush.
PS, it says, Mokreen was an especially honest guard against assassination, but he did
keep an eye out.
He says, our good friend Sean, how do you like that?
So the more you analyze and you sit around, you look at the, it's the indicated against
the flat earth society.
And that's why the rest of the world is like, they just can't believe it, they're speechless,
they're petrified, they're scared, crapless, they're under a mountain, this didn't really
happen, did it?
Wasn't this like a bad dream?
No.
Can 59 million people really be that stupid?
Yes.
And of course, religious fanaticians stupidity go hand in hand anyway, okay?
I mean, he focused, focused, that's what you believe in, that American goth it, a couple
of their Columbus Ohio.
Man, when they fight out that the rumors are Jewish and moving to their town, I hate to
think what's going to happen.
You know what I'm saying?
Exactly.
Wow.
They'll be feeding them some free meals, all right?
I can't tell you what's going to be feeding them.
Anyway, which of these is most accurate?
Bush money election because?
Fear and stupidity, 350.
Born again, not jobs, 255.
They stole it, 109.
The Democrats are inept, 109, which they are.
It was a better choice than carry, 104, 9.9 percent because of Carl Rove, 81.
Because of 9.11, 31, he had more money behind him, just 5.
And speaking of more money behind him, the mad dog is now.
Bye, bye, bye!
Oh my God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
My God!
