Paris!
Music則 as a million everyone
for their presence
and our unising party
on their national record
on Sabaz pages
of their fantastic dance
they strip out of new sphere
Lord, you shall go, King cowboy, what trouble you will hold in your back
King cowboy, you shall go, King cowboy, what he will you be kept in, said, said, said, said, said
THINK Caitanya!
They've disc
Come and sit your table, retired, with your painful life
If you were focused on looking at your face
Just go, hey, now boy
Just go, boy, you're going to show it with that
Jesus, go, came now boy
Watch me, that will nearly happen
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dance
10, 23, 5, 60 WDQM
Can you believe I was started talking there, and even my mic got...
Well, me and Ben had a lot of pressure and stress the last few days
You know what I'm saying? Wow! I have never, ever in my life been so glad to get on a plane
In fact, I told thanks to my good buddy Ken Halpert, a national limo
Took me to MIA yesterday
And I told him, and this is the truth
That I'll be the happiest human being on the face of the earth when I get my boarding pass
And I get on the other side of the security thing after they do the screening
Which I don't understand what was going on yesterday because I thought the airport would be packed
Everybody was like locked in
There was nobody there
Accepted air candidate, nice call to air candidate
Thank you for getting me out of there
And once I got out there, I didn't have to wait for anybody to go through the screening thing
Usually there's about a dozen people ahead of you, nobody
Zipp right on through there with my razor blades and switch plate
And no problem at all
Careful
And man, I'm going to tell you when that plane landed at Pearson International Airport
I wanted to get off and kiss the ground, just kiss it
Kiss it as Bubba would say
By the way, Bubba's doing pretty good
He's doing just fine
Oh, where? Why?
He's doing a okay, he's trying to resuscitate the carry campaign
Good luck to you Bubba, you'll need help on that
So speaking of that bit that I played
George W. Bush started cocaine at Camp David, New Book claims
But what else is supposed to talk about those things because that was long time ago at another lifetime
See what the carry didn't be at non-thirty years ago, that's a big deal
But what Bush did thirty years ago, well, don't ask
His wife Laura also led her to provide the cannabis in her youth, it says
Author Kitty Kelly says in her biography
The family, the real story of the Bush dynasty
That the US President first used cocaine at university in the mid-1960s
She quotes his former sister-relaw Sharon Bush who claims
Bush did cocaine at Camp David when his father was president and not just once either
Other acquaintances alleged that the, as a 26-year-old national guard, Bush liked to sneak out back for a joy to enter the bathroom for a line of cocaine
Bush is admitted being an alcoholic but as during the 99 election if he did drugs
The 99 election? What election was this?
In 1999, well, it's from the Mirror UK, what do you expect from them?
He said, I've told the American people that years ago I've made some mistakes
I've learned from my mistakes should be fortunate enough to become president, I'll bring dignity and honor to the office, he said
What we're still waiting for that
Later when Abe clarified his remarks saying that Bush hadn't taken illegal drugs in the past 25 years
How about...
About 30 men!
Yeah, Kelly says that the Bush family covered up scandals because of their wealth and influence
He claims George W started drinking at school, continued to year university to overcome his shyness
Former student, TURBRIED George says in the book, poor George, he couldn't relate to women unless he was loaded
And I would imagine looking at him, they probably felt the same way about it
Author says he went out of his way to act crude, it's amazing someone who held in such lowest theme later became president
How do you like that? The White House says the book appears to be filled with the same trash discredited years ago
Right, that's all just a commie pinco plot by always love coasters, right? The lefties
Now let's see, here's the pull we did, I'm a little bit disorganized here because I just am wondering if this radio station is ever going to come back to earth
No!
If ever we're going to get like one toe on the ground
No! And speaking of that, I don't know about any of you, but you've got the pull result wrong
We had the pull on there for days and days and days
And now George, after screwing off yesterday and playing musical, they know he's out sick today
Oh, brother, you see on top of it or what?
Was he sick yesterday too? Yeah, he says it just got worse
Yeah, couldn't make it
And, that's it
He'll probably show up on Thursday because we got a real short show on Thursday
We got the Marlins in the Met's 1230 pre-game and 105 game time, well that sounds really nice to me
Is that right or is it supposed to be 1235? I wouldn't want to see clearance making a mistake
No, it's 1230
12 what?
I thought that was a half hour before game time. Didn't we do 1235 the other day?
Well, whatever, listen, hey, I don't need the extra 5 minutes to understand. No way!
Like I said, 1220 on Thursday, so George will probably show up for that show
And that'll be the day that's during or until about 1115, which sounds really good to us
1600 and over before we get to the pull, I guess I better get back to doing things in the correct order
The bad news from Iraq and it just keeps getting worse even though of course submission has been accomplished
You do understand that
But, US deaths in Iraq near a thousand
12 US troops have been killed in Iraq since yesterday and six combat incidents bringing the number of American deaths in the war to 998
Remember a couple of months ago that we're saying, oh well, it's going to be really bad if it gets to a thousand before the election
Let me ask you this, how many chances in a billion do you think there are that there won't be a thousand by November the second?
We need two more, let's go
No, seriously, what chance do you think there is that by November the second there won't be two more American deaths?
I would say, oh!
Five soldiers and seven Marines were killed in the fighting. The latest death came this morning in Baghdad, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and the United States
Three tanks and three other US military vehicles were burning in Saudi as we speak
Along with tanks, armored personnel curious, barely fighting vehicles and jets were seen and heard
So it must be because of the fantastic job, it's not that Bush is winning in the presidential race since that Kerry is losing it
He's handing it to him on a platter
And you know when he really blew it?
When I asked him about, well, if he knew then about the weapons of mass destruction, what he knows now
And like a Jackass he says, oh, I still would have given a voter for the resolution
And I was kind of like a kiss of death I would say
So we'll get to the poll results from Thursday or when did I put that on there?
Now I guess I emailed that to Eric over the weekend
Right
Because I got to tell you
And I'm glad because Duff called me hysterically on Friday morning at about 10 o'clock
Oh gee, I think we did the wrong thing, you think we'd be able to early because there wasn't much going on
Otherwise Friday morning
And you want to come in and I'll run the board for you, we'll have a great time
And I thought about it for 10 seconds and I said no
No
Because the last thing I need to do sitting there in a room all by myself with a TV set
Anybody with power could have been watching their TV and at that point everybody had power anyway
So what was I going to do with besides maybe giving out some misinformation?
We don't have a news wire, we don't have a news department, we are in a news station
Okay, all we know about is sports, that's all we know
Scores, stuff like that
You're the weather, Charlie, you could have gone off that
We are right, well I was doing that on Thursday
What else is I going to do to put on there?
But I didn't want to go on there and give my opinions about these hysteria mongers
Because God forbid that I should have given some bad information
I don't want that responsibility
In a radio station where we know nothing about the outside world
I don't want to take that upon my shoulders and then this morning Duff says to me
In between censoring the Howard Thirnser we came running and says
Yeah, you're right, it would have been a bad idea
Maybe Duff should have gone on here and hyperventilated for four hours
That would have been good
10 30 at 5 60 WQM as we try to bring a little normal seat back
You can go out and get gas, the gas stations are like loading up again
Everything is going to be just fine
Oh, we're fine
Ivan looks like it's moving a lot more west than they thought it was
Don't let me forget it 11 o'clock is going to be the next advisory
It's a cat tree right now, Ivan
Where's the cat?
Anybody worried about Ivan?
I don't think I don't think you're going to get it
Who's going to get it?
It's good that we got Miguel in there today
We got Cuba is not going to get it
See, maybe that bearded bastard is going to get smacked right in the old...
Hi!
Welcome!
Maybe that'll this will be the time
Huh? You never know
You never know
29 before 11 at 5 60 WQM
Let's take a look at that schedule that I'm sure the audience is waiting out there with BAB
We got the mad dogs you managed it too
And then this must be a typo because it says...
Moe Howard David it it for
Where is the Humper? Damn it! Where is Fat Hank?
So Moe continues hanging on by his testicles
630 got Marlins on deck
705 the Mets at the Marlins at P.P. Park
Well what a big...
The Mets can't win a fixed game these days so the Marlins get a real schedule
Break any camp to the baseball game
Right now, Armstrong Forte Homes
that wants to clear their locks and sell off all remaining 0-4
Is here just some of the great deals waiting for you
An 0-4 M-150 pick up just a dollar over invoice
New 0-4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice
Rangers, Crown Vicks, Tauruses, and Focuses are all waiting for you
It's just one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong Forte Homes did
Plus Armstrong Forte offers more value to its loyal customers
When you buy a fort from Armstrong Forte you'll get their exclusive
Tires and batteries for life program
You heard right, tires and batteries for life
The value you'll get at Armstrong Forte doesn't stop there either
Right now you get a free Florida Sun Pass with any vehicle you buy
Pressed for time, Armstrong Forte knows your time is valuable
So call them at 305-247-5112 and shop by phone
They'll even deliver your new vehicles right to you
Armstrong Forte Homes did locally owned an operated
They treat you just like family
I guarantee you won't get a better deal on a fort
Anywhere in no way know how, no bait and switch, no phony deals
Armstrong Forte Homes did, you'll find them at 307-25
South Dixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 836
Check them out on the web at ArmstrongCars.com and then
Drive a little and save a ton on that new fort only at Armstrong Forte of Homestead
The power is stretching, real Rogers, the mornings and the day
And, Forte Homes have clocked for five six weeks
You weigh in
Florida sucks
Florida sucks
When did you wait down the bay, cos' sound?
Finding a great head of PTL
When it's just a lonely day
Some stabby's gone away, cos' he couldn't give her every breath
This city freeze just van to Salman Jail, but he should've
Get up off his knees cos' he's getting nailed
This is at the racing home, cos' damage movein on
Yes, he's lookin' for the wild place
Racco
They used to think that it was so easy
To pay for gas with family trade
It's crazy, how easy is Ryan?
Cause she's firein' now
Just once a week and then she'd be happy
But family faces she may rot of gravity
So she's firein' while he's just crying
Now I'm here again
He didn't know a G-Spot from a club's family
I think there's more questions I would rather have to love today
Or there's the latest on here
Yeah, I have a new file
It's a new file
Some of the things that you've got to do with other
You see it? Are you on CNN?
On aim at the sunshine stage
No, it's aimed at the sunshine
Stay you crazy bitch
It's aimed at the south of Cuba
Cuba?
What that colon, where's the colon?
Yeah, ice cream?
Go lick it
Well, speaking of that, the reason I played that is because Jessica Hahn is behind a big curtain today
Where'd you get that picture?
Boy, that's a good picture
Isn't it? I don't know, I just stumbled upon it
Man, oh man, no wonder Jim Baker got religion, huh?
She's all out there
It's all there, all right
He's not looking this week, he's got bigger fish to fry
He's not paying any attention, he's got other things to worry about
Like, Porto, like we saw in 60 minutes last night
Porto is bad
And they present these shows like America's in a vacuum
All of a sudden America just invented pornography
And the rest of the world, they don't know anything about that stuff
And like, grow up already, will you?
Grow up
God, that was weak
Jessica Hahn is behind the beaten curtain today in theoragines.com, her claim to fame
She was the dish, televanjolous Jim Baker was fine to be having an affair with in 1987
You go boy
Hahn star rose, boy, she must have been, I don't know, he must have been coming up with some big gas out of the coffers
Why else would she be hanging them on like a little twerp?
He looked like Maddie Bell when he came right down to it
You ever seen him in Maddie Bell together?
No
Same guy
Little twerp, you could step on him and not even know it
Hahn star rose as Baker's house of cards crumbled being outed on the affair
Just prior to being hit with conspiracy and wire fraud charges
Baker went to prison 45 years sentence later reduced to 8
Hahn went on the cover of Playboy magazine and a brief soft porn pin up career
I don't know why I was brief though because take a look at that
She's also made an appearance here too on the Howard Stern Show
And apparently married the creator of married with children on which he's done a cameo
Apparently married the creator now what does that mean?
Maybe
Maybe and maybe not
She resides in Beverly Hills on Zechundo and West Hollywood California that is
Her main calling in like these they seem to be as a search engine keywords in meta tags of online pornocytes
She went on always pre-wirt shut there like Jim Baker man screwing around with that bitch with that slut
1665 votes on the pull from over the weekend whenever we started this I was if inspired sitting around there very often
Oh brother
Is the term stir crazy come to mind?
Yes
God almighty I mean what do you do day after day after day and you just locked in there you can't get out
Eat and you sit around and eat I I gain that would say
Half of the weight back this last week that I'd lost like in a previous month I was doing so well
And you want to know one of the main reasons I was doing so well why because I wasn't there
Because even when it's not storming and whatever generally in South Florida you sit around and eat and eat and eat and then you get rid of it
Which I can't make those sounds anymore
Oh that's it there is nothing else to do huh I mean if you live out of the ocean and you're on the beach and you can get out
Where I live as you know there aren't even a sidewalks much less huh what do you live?
In plantation acres like you don't know where I live I know you've been there making fun of my poor departed dog
Think you yeah
Can you believe he said that the dog has been dead for like two and a half years and he's called the one who died
Beautiful golden receivers thinking because he had an ear problem you're crappin his ears
I think you got crap to an eight in your ears man
1665 votes and the reason I was inspired for this poll is because I was just spitting blood
Watching some of you fools out there on television and some of you lemmings out there in the public
You know they could come on here right now and say oh Hurricane Ivan is gonna destroy the whole state
You better get to the airport right now get a and you could look on that TV and see that it was coming nowhere near you
And the wild rush that would be on me a lot of you people are crazy
Well, they got to worry people you know the proof of that was Saturday morning. I'm sitting there in my hand
I only lost power two hours. I know man and then that too bad a lot of people around me lost it for a long time
And many people out there still don't have it and then it too bad
But Saturday morning I'm watching
Because there's no football on me at that hour early and they're showing all these morons up
They're including many of you listening right now. I'm sure you're just idiots you just too easy
Either that either you were bored to death. I can understand that they're out there at the state road A4 lumber
You know they're on 441. Yeah
3 400 people standing online and it's already raining if it's nasty it's starting to rain it's bitter it's getting brutal
And they're standing on my waiting for their plywood the only problem with this is as you watch the TV
If they would have stayed home and turned on their TV you can see that the eye of the hurricane was already or as Bob Grimm says hurricane
The hurricane was already even it was like 200 miles east and already even with the latitude of Broward County
Now unless it stopped and made a direct left turn like Miss Kamalka trying to make it do or maybe you turn like Brian Orcross trying to make it do
It wasn't going to we weren't going to take a direct hit
The best were people at Home Depot when they ran out of wood people were buying the shelves
They were buying the shelves they said how much for the shelf
Because no plywood left
Oh my God
Oh man not that some of you people go into a panic
So all I can say is you and I'm going to tell you if I see one more now the best of all was that Mike what is his name?
Not Mike Spindell or whatever his name was slide L
I'm on the weather channel somebody will know
I have never seen such psychosis as all these lunatics out there
Standing in a pouring rain and torrential rains and the wind is blowing and every time they would put this goofball on the air
You could see him prepping for getting it
They always put them out a couple of seconds too soon because you could see him assuming this position where he's crouching
And he's holding on to his leg like he's going to get blown away
And see I hate to break the news deal but these people could have been giving us just as effective a report from inside
Looking out a window
Oh no that wouldn't be any fun wooded
No we're cleaning that jerk from channel four that jumped into water with a surfboard and then nearly drowned
And tied up all the coast guard the emergency rescue people for hours till they found his sorry ass
I wish he would have drowned
How do you like that?
That's big time wait for him
Yeah big time wait for some jackass over there channel four
Oh it's big enough jack and God I got to say it's a good thing how it ended early this morning
So much screaming in the early to do including L sunshine, way those arms L, way those arms
Now you talk about the power of this program
For the last uh what was it really Floyd was 99 it doesn't seem like five years ago but I guess it was?
1999
And Mayor Teenie Pee- or whatever's name is gotta be careful how we say that Mayor Teenie Pee-
He was on there just reaming everybody out
Well we have a hurricane warning still a mubba-bobba you better not go out there
And in the meantime of course last time I checked he was never mayor of anything except Dave County
He had nothing to do with Broward nothing to do with
Broward
And so the sun was shining the hurricane was already past Broward it was already north of Broward across the east of Palm Beach County
So there wasn't any problems so the people at the Floridian restaurant in Fort Lauderdale had the audacity to open up and
Serve people who were starving to death because they had eaten a couple of days because we were all locked in in the panic
And now sunshine goes up there and he's chewing them out don't you people understand that we're under a warning
And everybody's supposed to be clubbed up and just ripping them in ass well I mentioned that last week
And sure enough on Sunday
Who do we see on Channel 4 on the hysteria station?
Al sunshine and where is Al sunshine?
He's at the Floridian in Fort Lauderdale on Los Olis Boulevard
Where they've opened up because everybody's dying desperately waiting for a store or restaurant something to open up
And they've opened and they're serving their fine food to all kinds of people inside
And Al goes on a great length to show us that not only are they open but he takes his inside to show us how packed they are
And they're serving up those famous egg dishes and breakfast that they're famous for and you're just sucking them big time
Okay?
Al sunshine you idiot you quizzling you
Shame on you
Yeah shame shame on you exactly
Everybody heat that arm and at ham-hawk position and wave it shame on you Al sunshine you idiot you suck whole you
Now here's the pool I eventually would get around to doing this
This is the one we did over the weekend
Who has been the most irresponsible of giving hurricane Francis information?
By the way we got sucked in and landed you see that there's a half a million people with no power in the Georgia in the Atlanta area
They got sucked big time so a mystery loves company
Where do I get refunds on water and plywood?
Winds are pool of 426
Well that's ghostly show you when you go into a panic
Go to the store and buy it all up right now because you never know I've in my turn and might like come back at you
I go out there and buy everything inside right now grab it
Don't let any leave any behind for anybody else either
Just grab it all off your self you see they were starting to have like fights fist fights at the lumber places
The hurricane the eye the hurricane is already north of us but they don't confuse these people with the fights
They like standing out there in line they have nothing else to do
Brian Norcross is number two 350 votes now
I mean there's nothing to be said about her she's just a a nut job
But you're you got it wrong you absolutely got it wrong because Bill Kamala should have beaten him by a landslide by a mile
They all belong in jail 271 people said that they've all done a great job 250 of you silly asked people out there said they all did a great job
Bill Kamala 168 the Weather Channel 77 Roll instead of only 47 Don 043 a Max Headroom may feel 33
I didn't put everybody on there I'd love to know what that weather lady from Channel 6 that are
Complexed the girl her name is Trina something you know
No neither one of you know I know huh
Because somebody in the building must know what her name is or somebody in the audience
She's good she's very very good the brought on Channel 4 she's she can't say ten words without stumbling and fumbling and bumbling
She don't look too bad but she's not she integrate but the chick on Channel 6 she's very very good
She's excellent as a matter of fact but I didn't put all the names on here because first of all I didn't know all the names and secondly they're kind of small potatoes compared to the big girl
Bill Kamala there is a special place in hell for you okay
This is a this man he needs to be locked in the broom closet and not let out until the coast clear and even when everything clears
He's still got to begin everybody a sterical about Ivan about one. It's just forming off the coast of Africa
And every time he get on there with either Ed what's what's that boring guy from the her or her concern her Ed
Rapoport or Max headroom a field he was trying to talk them into things and he was very frustrated in the fact that they wouldn't agree
Well isn't it possible that if this thing stalls in a wobble directly the west he was so intent on making damn sure that we got a direct hit
That he was gonna like do anything out of the sun to make it happen
How about Southwest can it come Southwest and back at us you know like Betsy did a hundred years ago
Very very sad
So there are a lot of people did a really good job including the people like you know even silly Tony cigarette
Oh, which one I see him you know I can't take anything serious because he's a clown he's just a silly sports nerd and
Kelly Craig who unfortunately has ballooned up to gigantic and Bob mayor all we love Kelly and Bob they both yeah
And if they could put them on the air especially Bob mayor who's a hundred years old how come they can't the drag Bob weaver out of the mouth balls and put him on NBC for the
Six that they screwed over huh when you love to see Bob weaver on there
Yeah, sure no well why not I mean he may be old and
Distorted looking because he's old and distorted looking but the fact of the matter is at least he knows what he's talking about
He's not a panic man. We don't need to see Miss Kamal and Miss Norcross on there the weather furry senior in junior getting everybody
Wepted but we're friends about how this thing is gonna come back at us and about blah blah blah blah blah blah you know talking crap
Well, he knows what he's talking about he wouldn't fit in very well
Yeah, that's that's a good point if you had any idea what was really going on
If he was a real meteorologist instead of some hysteria monger
He probably wouldn't fit into well. You're right. So that's what we didn't want to see weaver the weather man
We want to see a bunch of hyper jumping up and down like they had answered their pants like Mexican jumping beans
We're out here in the storm and we're getting blown away on and then of course
I don't know about you and I don't want to sound this respectful because I can't even imagine what those people in the Bahamas once they gone through
Because that that thing just sat out over their ass and just sat there in hour after hour after hour the airport was flooded
I mean, it was just unbelievable
You know what at the risk of sounding insensitive what would that have to do with us?
Right right and what was the broad from channel four?
Was it they got in truth? Yeah, who cares about her? I mean if we
And I don't know she got hurt I see
Why are we supposed to care about that if we saw that once or twice that would have been fine and then we get the
Conversation on when my power went out for a couple of hours I turned on the FM
I certainly wasn't gonna turn us on and I hear her her channel 10 and
They're talking to some some clown over there in the Bahamas again and oh Larry King wants you on tonight
And Larry King as soon as you get through with us call and they must have spent 20 minutes telling the sky that Larry King wanted to have him on
It had nothing to do with giving us any information
You see you people in the television industry the problem that most of you have is you want to make it about you
Not about us whether we're gonna stay alive useful information
Is there a gas station open anywhere? Is there even a Taco Bell open and by the way save those beans you crazy people you
Taco Bell finally opens at four o'clock or whatever time they open Friday afternoon
By me there
You order a bunch of stuff with no beans and guess what you get on it
That beans beans lots and lots of beans man
Didn't need any extra beans to keep me in the imagine groom most of the weekend because all you do is eat and then get rid of it
Eat and then get rid of it can't talk about that extra story activity
But that's what you do you just eat and eat and eat and eat and then a lot of extra throw activities all you do
Don't let me forget nine minutes. We got the 11 o'clock at Ivan
Guys, I'm in it eight o'clock this morning dangerous hurricane
I've been reached 115 miles an hour while nearing the winward islands
Hurricane winning remains an effect for twin dead Tobago's infants of the grenadines and Grenada and its dependencies. Oh, let's invade them again
Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion
They should be rushed
The way they say that a tropical storm warning is an effect for Barbados Martinique in St. Lucia, Santa Lucia
Interest elsewhere in the Lesseran tillies in the eastern Caribbean seaside closely mounted to the progress of Ivan
At eight o'clock this morning the center was located by an Air Force reconnaissance plane near latitude 11.6 North
Longitude 59.4 west about 110 miles south of Barbados
This is also about 80 miles east northeast of Tobago. Ivan was moving west. See they keep saying it's gonna move to the northwest
But if you look at the tracking map, it's almost like off the coast of Venezuela
Maybe God has pissed off at Hugo Chavez. You think that might have something to do with all this?
I know he's pissed off at Jev Bush
He's pissed off at the Jev Bush and Cancer and Harris for that fixed election in 2000
He's just getting around to punishing them now. We all had a suffer for it
And he's really pissed off at Hugo Chavez
Ivan is moving toward the west near 18 miles per hour maximum sustained wins 150 miles an hour's mix today dangerous
Category three some additional strengthings possible today and the advice we're coming up in just a matter of moments
Which I'm sure it's already offered we can wait right? Right?
We can wait we've had enough advisories and up warnings the good news is gas back in the pumps at most out Florida stations
Thank the Lord. Thank God
When storm weary South Americans headed to work this morning
They should have had no problem gassing up their cars SUV said they're here old most gas stations are back in business after
Forty you know the thing that surprised me
Wouldn't you have thought that convenience stores more than would have stayed open over the weekend?
In some places yes, yeah, I mean now the only thing I'm thinking of is that maybe Thursday and early Friday
There was such a rush on stuff that they and of course they had no way getting resupplied because the trucks weren't coming in with anything
That maybe they just had nothing to sell that's the only thing I can think yeah
We went to a gas station. They were pretty cleaned out. Yeah, they were open with they were cleaned out. They were open
Yeah, I'm on I mean the mini-mart. Yeah, it was a 7-11 not the gas though. No 7-11 cells gas
Yeah, some do you have to be Schmidt and me what kind of gas do you put in your tank? Oh 7-11?
That tells me automatically whatever your driving is a piece of crap
But I would have thought that they would have stayed open some of those people because you know the major supermarkets
They didn't have electricity or they didn't want to risk their employees lives the only place that we found open on Saturday morning was
Echards
Between eight noon. They stayed open and I'd rather croak than get some from Echards
But I've never less they had some crap. They had like Snickers ice cream bars and candy and the usual a sermon of crap
And that's all they had so that's all I ate
Crap and crap and crap and more crap seriously the poll I'm taking today. Here's the new poll
Add the word nightmare. Okay, I haven't had that on there, but
That that's my choice
This was like a nightmare that never ended for the poor bastards in the Bahamas
I can't even imagine now anybody out there who really believes that South Florida is ready for a category
Three four or five we went to a category five with Andrew
We were very very lucky unless of course you were one of those people in South day, but can you imagine if Andrew would have been about 10 miles to the North?
Can you imagine that no can you imagine if this one would have been about say 15 20 miles the
I of the hurricane 15 20 30 miles to the South
But this was only a category two when it came on sure. I can't even imagine that we're not ready man
We're not prepared and you any of South day with your damn fight histories
You ought to be in jail. I think that between now and the next one which we if we can avoid Ivan
I think between and and now we ought to like to make every every person has got a fight history
Either get the tree removed chop down or pay like a thousand dollar fine per tree because they don't have any roots
The roots are about a quarter of an inch deep have you ever seen the base of a fight history?
No, you didn't see the ones on TV over the ones TV right?
Yeah, then they're about a half an inch a dirt because they have no roots
They don't go deep into the ground and so as a result every time like if somebody walks by and whistles though
That's it they fall over so their fight histories all over the place on the ground
Which of these best describes your hurricane France's experience that's our pull question of the annual Rogers dot com nightmare
Did you have that on there? I did that's my choice. Thank you total disaster no big deal
boring
aggravating puke inducing
Ponderous or costly and maybe there's some others too. I'm sure that they must be
And then to see the way some of these people you know got in their cars and then ran out of gas because they were trying to go
Somewhere that they couldn't get to and they had to turn around and come back for fear running out of gas
Huh they were looking for gas stations
Yeah, that's right
That's like I said on Thursday I could have put you know gas stations that were still staying open on the year
But then what a lot of people have done is they would have gone out there with their eighth of a tank of gas and it would
Ran out of gas looking to find one of those stations that was still open
So what's the point?
I
Thought people overreact or crazy or anything
No, no, no, look like that
1057 at 560 WQ way and you know I urge everyone to complain to this station
I
WQ a Miami for a while real I'm here legal idea on it. I
Join the night's it party face to call it the GOP
And I strongly agree with right wing policy
So it won't be coming for me
So I went to the night's it party
Convention held in the Empire State
For 9000 Son if you started with their hands oh shit
And dance on the grave
Uncle now
The Blue Sergeant that's will miss you
Can't do for yourself
Oh
O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O boreum.
The entertainment at the night's departing was appropriate to the Christian and wife.
There was David, the Duke, the Clear Channel, a brutally green one and till the green teeth
keys.
I am watching.
Oh right now!
And then culture as well!
If you don't believe what she's the only one.
And through.
Oh, wait a minute.
It says on here, associate producer is currently
and not connected to a sir.
Oh, and I just came back.
Oh, hallelujah.
Now did somebody in the building do something there?
Well, I told Jim Fixett Yelton.
So I guess.
Oh, Jim Fixett Yelton, he fixed it.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, I wanted to know, what is the latitude and the longitude
on that hurricane?
Can I when I miss it, if you can give it to me again?
Get out of here.
Good.
I got your longitude over here, pal.
Welcome.
Yeah.
All the trackers out there.
Idiots.
Oh, by the way, started fat rich in Derek
couldn't make it to the track Friday.
We're closed, little problem there.
Oh, do you think they're going to be closed?
No, they're going to run in the hurricane.
OK, just to keep you happy, Rich.
Just calm down.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, the biggest assholes, Paul Cap.
Great, that's good.
That didn't take you long.
See, I told you, this is what we're here for,
baby, to get some of these great collars on here,
now that they've been frustrating and cooped up for four days.
I'm going to be your ranchers.
That's exclusively my 16th QAM.
A republic, baby, only in Miami.
Oh, this is Yvianna.
Rox Laden.
Joke that TV right now, but I can't enjoy you.
I am wearing a stiffer white smile.
I had permanently been doing that my day.
I'd like a moment of your time to order you to vote
Republican.
I am smiling again.
Hello.
Hello.
I am quite mad, you know.
Roly, Republican.
Next vote for Bush is wonderful.
It's 1117 at 560, coming to QA.
I'm kind of abrupt.
I guess she was busy.
She showed her ugly push on her over the weekend.
She was on there.
And of course, Mayor Teenie Peony, he was on there all over the place,
just over and over and over again.
Did you see the mayor?
What's your name?
Dolores Weinstein Schwartz or whatever?
Her name is the mayor of Brown.
And one of the channels put her on.
I think it was four before she knew she was going to be on.
And she was talking about getting a contract
with Duncan Donuts.
What?
Yeah, she said, oh, well, what are we getting to Donuts?
I guess you guys, we ought to have a contract with Duncan.
And she had no idea that she was on here.
It was pretty embarrassing.
It was cute.
Which of these best describes your hurricane,
Francis' experience sets our poll question to the 115 votes,
aggravating God.
Dr. D. Man.
Boring is God.
Dr. D. Man.
Ponderous 25, no big deal 11, costly 9,
puke inducing a four on nightmare 3
and a total of 10 to 3.
It was like a nightmare that just never won to Don.
It just went on and on and on
because it was moving so damn slow.
And of course, as it was moving so damn slow,
they have an opportunity for a lot of people
to make jackasses out of themselves,
including that kid that jumped into water with his surfboard,
and including all of these people,
every single lot of them that they had outside.
It's like a contestancy who could be the biggest jackass,
who can do the biggest St. Bite his dance out there
in the storm in Hurricane.
Mike, no, that's not his name.
Side down, what is his name?
They got in the weather channel.
Somebody should know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a Verizon Marles
and Singular wireless line.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Oh, God.
Even today, after all of that, WDQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How did Reverend Jones do?
Hopefully he drowned.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about the crazies
that were standing outside with their cameras and stuff.
There was this one girl on channel four.
We were watching it, and she's there in a rain slicker,
half all this stuff.
And she goes, oh, and this just flew behind me.
I thought it was a stop sign,
but it was just do not enter, and you look down.
There's the do not enter sign,
and she's wearing a pair of flip-flops
with her dough showing.
Beauty.
And I'm thinking, what are the idiots?
She could, you know, if she's out there telling everybody
to be safe, yet she's wearing flip-flops in the whole thing.
But the best part of it is that they're out there
chastising other people, like, you know, residents who are out
there just strolling around or touristing wherever they have
an enemy, and they're chastising.
Well, don't you understand having to have been watching?
Don't you understand you're not supposed to be out there?
And of course, the obvious response is,
well, what the hell are you doing out here, you idiot?
But the thing that got me was she goes,
this could have killed somebody, and I'm thinking,
no, it could have sliced off your freaking flight.
Right.
You know, what a boot you've done, ass.
So I got on the internet.
When I got power, you know, we have power by them.
You got on the internet.
What could channel force websites that's at crying,
you know, this and that?
Yeah.
So I said it in, do you think they aired it?
Yeah.
Of course not.
No, they're on stupidity.
I mean, the chick that got hit in the chest,
you know, she was doing a good job.
And they were evacuated.
But how many times did we need to hear about that?
Oh, I know.
How much of her docks you to see again,
when they become the story and not stuff
that it has to do with the public,
then again, way over the time.
Everybody's trying for the buy-in North Carolina
across Hurricane Inruvitz.
They want a movie.
Yeah, you're right.
They want the fame.
It's that 15 minutes, you know, I mean,
give the other one to the household name
until he did a hurricane.
OK, Pauline.
Here you go.
I'd like to ask.
Let's see.
Eric says, I've done this, I'm permanent in material.
OK, whatever you say, Eric, just to keep it off of there.
We don't need it.
I haven't seen it, so I don't have any idea what it's all about.
OK, just what we need to start the week.
OK, is Mord Saurus?
This radio station, man, it's all we got is Saurus.
Let's see.
Hmm.
Here's to the work.
Yeah, that looks very familiar to me
is what it looks like.
Saurus, Eric.
Huh?
Saurus, I'm really.
Yeah, it sounds awfully familiar.
The usual Ojohn provocateur.
So let's stick it off of there and know the hell with it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 only for rise and wireless,
and second or wireless line.
We got the mad dog, too.
Oh, right.
And then we got the Mojower David.
Do do do do.
And four, as we continue, asking the question
nobody gives us an answer.
When is the Humber coming back?
When the hell is the big fat Humber ever
going to be off the origin of vacation
already?
Give us a freaking answer, you idiots, you.
WQAM, hello.
QAM?
I'm Leo.
Yes, sir?
The funny one was when Alice was off on TV, given its speech.
And it did these early stay inside the house and this and that.
And then you hear all the new one of the newscaster interviewing
his brother.
He's on the beach walking around and he's saying,
well, he should stay inside.
But I came to see the, you know, the rain.
And he's putting, um, OK, great.
Good call.
Excellent call is just exactly what you'd expect
after four days of psychosis.
Yeah, that was good.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
Yeah, I got a comment about what they're talking about about these crazy
forecasters, rooting for the storms.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I was watching that crazy guy Bill C'mon.
He's sitting there rooting for, I was watching him doing Charlie first
where he's rooting for the storm to get stronger to Category 3.
But it could be a four, right?
It could be a four.
Right, exactly.
Right.
He's rooting for our death.
That is correct.
Exactly.
That seems less.
But really, reason they're watching seven is because they got the best looking
living.
So that's really reason I watch seven.
OK.
5, 6, 7, 8.
I'm just taking them all.
I saw them take 80 million crawls.
Let's just go with it.
Yeah, what a long time.
We've got all day.
Well, listen, they got a lot of pen up frustration these bastards.
I can relate.
I can understand.
They've been cooped up.
They've been like prisoners.
And they just have to unleash.
The US Army to ask Haliburton to report to the BBC the Pentagon
plans to end a contract given to Haliburton to provide US troops in Iraq
with logistical support toward the Wall Street Journal.
The Army will put the work out to bid.
What a concept the newspaper says.
Quoting an Army memorandum which estimates the contract can be worth a mere
$13 billion.
Haliburton has been accused of overcharging since it was handed the
nobid contract last year.
And of course, L. Bushmaster, 11 points ahead in the time pool.
11 points ahead in the newsweek pool.
And seven points ahead in the latest gallop sea, CNN pool.
And why is it because he's doing good stuff?
Is it because people love him?
Is it because he's popular?
No.
It's because curious like handing a two-month silver platter so far
and people are peeing in their pants.
A lot of stuff happens since I sat down here on Thursday.
You know what?
Boba had that the heart bypass.
Good, everything came out well.
Oh, and you know what really frusts me about that.
And it's so typical.
And I'm not going to stick up for that doctor Agustin because I think he's just a pure rip off of
the backings with that South Beach diet, but nevertheless.
So Clinton had made it known very well that he'd been on the South Beach diet for six months to a year,
something like that and lost a whole bunch of weight.
And right off the bat, what do they have for the first thing out of all their mouths,
all these experts that try to peddle you their crap?
Oh, you see that was an unsafe diet and that's what caused his arteries to be oil clogged?
Well, guess what?
First of all, part of it is genetic.
His family's had a long history of hardening of the arteries.
And number two, you don't clog up all your arteries like that.
And in six months, it's from a lifetime of eating crap, which he was well known for doing by the way.
We had one person who'd like to eat crap and we got another president now that's full of crap.
Oh, and speaking of this person being full of crap.
And also of course we had that horrendous thing in Russia.
Let me just say it again, if there's anybody out there who doubts what I've been telling you for a hundred years about religion,
the religious does all of the crazy like, boom, boom, like that.
There they are.
What is it that they want?
I keep asking people, what is it that these chequens want?
Oh, they want their independence.
It's all these Muslims over there.
They want to have their own thing.
You know, they want their own thing.
So let's go into a school and kill a bunch of little kids.
That's your should solve it.
Do you think?
That should make it a lot better.
And then they keep showing that one punk on there on television, one of the sassans, one of the, whatever you want to call them.
Kidnappers, torturers, a murderer.
He ought to be taken apart piece by piece with the tweezers right on Worldwide TV, right on CNN, MSNBC, even on Fox.
Send the message out.
You know what I'm talking about?
Michael Morse is, he won't submit fair and high 9-11 for consideration his best documentary of this year's Academy Awards instead.
He's going for the bigger prize of best picture.
Morse critically acclaimed film, Slimes President Bush's War on Terrorist, ill-advised and corrupt.
The movie is cheer Democrats, but enrages the president's supporters who booed more when he visited the Republican National Convention last week.
For me, the real Oscar would be Bush's defeat on November 2nd, more told the AP during a fun interview yesterday from New York.
The $6 million film has become a sensation that's collected 117.3 million in the West of the summer despite the early world block when Disney refused to let Miramaq distribute it.
And the midst of the presidential campaign, Morse announcement is a strategic move for his Oscar campaign.
Documentaries and animated films have their own categories, but the conventional wisdom and Hollywood is that these niche awards can limit a film's appeal in overall best picture classes.
No forget October 5th comes right into your living room on DVD.
You will listen to Neil Rogers.
You will get a succulence of your own 5668 QAM.
The film is a very popular film, but it's not a film.
The film is a very popular film.
The film is a very popular film.
The film is a very popular film.
The film is a very popular film.
The film is a very popular film.
I don't think I got a mention.
We had enough elections lost by you.
It was stupid cut school guys.
Your husband's throwing us now took him to hell on the town.
You're not welcome and flowers.
It's a bad casual cannon.
He wouldn't touch her with the shady state.
How does one less county to read?
For all of the opans, it was just stupid bitch to find something else to do.
I can't ask you to smelly to me.
Rock solid.
1132-28-195-60-WQAM-184 votes on a poll which of these best describes your hurricane Francis' experience.
Aggravating 51.
Boring 48.
Ponderous 35.
No big deal 19.
Costly 15.
Nightmare 8.
Pukeducing 4.
A few days ago they were saying that we had it on our website.
The US government officials are claiming that we didn't have two months of the summer.
I'm sure.
Pakistan officials don't be too sure.
Pakistan officials dismissed the top American counterterrorism officials claim of progress in Hanforo Samayyamamabin Laden.
Saying yesterday that Pakistan has no clue they have no information on the al-Qaeda leaders where votes.
The top government spokesman, Shiek Rashid Ahmed, said the recent comments about bin Laden by J. Kofr Black, the US Department coordinator for counterterrorism was a political statement.
Oh, what a surprise.
We don't have any information about bin Laden Ahmed said.
A senior Pakistani security official attended meetings with Black and U.S. officials last week in Azamabad said Black did not share information about any possible hideouts of Osama.
We can't say that we're close to capturing him the official set on condition of anonymity because he liked to stay alive.
Black told the private geo network and interview broadcast last Saturday that if bin Laden has a watch he should be looking at it because the clock is ticking he will be caught.
Take a look at your watch.
I wonder what kind of time they're on, huh?
Heart surgeon, miss speaking of time, heart surgeon meets key time and misses Bill Clinton.
You got people, man. You are a little bit crazy than a bedbub.
VJ.
Did you hear this?
Yeah.
By the way, can VJ sing?
Yes, great.
Oh, and I'll tell you who is really great speaking of what is done.
No.
No, don't know who is very good and we're proud to have channel 10 is our partner.
And I'm not saying that because they are because if we had some other crack stations our partner would rip them an ass but no, he did a good job.
And also channel six which I still haven't been told the name of that tree.
And I wonder nobody knows who she is because nobody knows her name.
Tree is something the black lady on channel six of other lady.
She's outstanding and role instead of was this sensational.
So 10 and six were very good and four and seven very, very bad.
I mean just outrageously bad and poor Bob so far.
You see that's a problem. Bob is old and he's getting real fat.
And so he was relegated doing voice stuff in the morning which they never put him on camera.
And then once in a while you saw him being the go for a verb or a cross.
Did you ever see that when he would like to run in with the latest advisory.
He'd be running from the back of the room from the weather history of center.
Yeah, it was holding it for him.
Yeah, he was holding it for him.
If the case of former president Bill Clinton is any example being a big shot can sure help get a doctor.
But it doesn't care in the first choice.
Dr. O'Wayne ison said he was at his East Antenna home at seven o'clock Friday morning when he got a call from a
primary care practitioner at Westchester Medical Center asking him to accept the patient transfer for emergency coronary surgery.
I said I'm on vacation.
I said I'm called and they tell a phone interview and he said well it's an important person.
And I said well they're all important and I had a tea time at nine o'clock.
He said well they want you and I said who was it?
And he said I can't tell you what's an important person.
I said if you can't tell me that I'm going to play golf.
True story.
At that the doctor asked I see a cardiac surgeon and surgeon in chief at Wild Cornel Medical Center in New York
whom he would recommend at assistive institution.
Columbia in New York hospital and upper Manhattan and I said I select Craig Smith the chairman of the division of cardiac surgery.
He said I see him said his recommendation probably had an influence and Clinton's decision to go with Smith.
Recommending others can be tougher cardiac surgeons who generally hold themselves in high regard.
He said if you ask a real good cardiac surgeon the name of the top three heart surgeons of all time that have trouble naming the doctor.
And the other two he said which is not necessarily bad.
You want somebody when they go through those double doors and surgery they think are the very best isem said.
So in other words he may not have gotten the very very best because the guy was playing golf.
Isem's patients include CNN talk show host Larry King.
I wonder when quintupled bribe press surgery more than a decade ago.
Smith's record was only 12 deaths among 478 patients or 2.51%.
At 64 I'm saying he can pretty much decide what he wants to do.
He preferred surgery that includes valve replacements to simple CBG which Clinton under what.
That's pretty simple stuff you know whatever CBG is.
Cabbage.
Hey by the way.
Yes.
For names.
Trena Robinson.
Oh thank you very much where did that come from.
That came from Greg Reed.
From Greg Reed.
Well what does Greg Reed?
Sun Sentinel, the hero.
Weekly news.
Huh?
Huh?
They're the funny pages.
Oh it's speaking of funny stuff.
Miguel's got the first report on ESPN 790 to ticket on the StuGot show.
Now who else was?
Now who is that?
Who is the other one that was on with StuGot?
Down at the heart.
Oh Donald Donald Bastard is on there too.
Donald Bastard from the hero who if you think is writing his crappy out of here on the air and StuGot's.
Because that's what I said Miguel this morning.
What were they talking about and that's exactly what the sound he made.
Like that.
And who knows maybe will is going to go for big you never know.
5667.0560.
Pound 560 for Verizon and singular wireless customers.
Which of these best describes your hurricane, Francis experience.
Let me say it again.
Don't get all panicky.
Don't get stuck then again by these raver overs okay?
Sit there and watch it and use some common sense and don't get all whipped up into a frenzy and go out there and run the buy-up every sheet of plywood in the day in the state.
You may need to ask you.
Oh here we go again.
Being pummeled by a storm.
Here's a guy getting hit by that tom frond again.
You saw that already a million times right?
The guy in the pan handle?
Gun hit by a tom frond.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
Wow.
That was really nasty huh?
It's got a busted his fingernail.
Which of these best describes hurricane, Francis experience for you?
210 votes?
I agree with you.
Boring 51.
Boy was it ever.
If you think South Florida is boring enough and just generally just most of the time but when you're like locked in.
Forget about.
You go stir crazy.
Pond that's exactly correct.
Pond to risk 39.
No big deal 23.
How about we put stir crazy on there huh?
All right.
That's my like that.
That's a good description.
Stir crazy.
You're sitting there.
The stores are all closed.
The gas stations are all closed.
They're telling you don't go outside.
Whatever you do, you're going to get shot on site.
People outside.
Every politician is there pandering and sucking up.
They're all busy congratulating each other in a fantastic job they're doing.
FPL is Tonya.
All the listen.
We're doing a sensational job.
It might be a week before we get your power back up for it.
Which I can understand because a lot of you people look at your trees trim.
That's number one.
And like I said before, the people with the fight histories.
You people ought to be shot in the tonic.
That is disgraceful.
No big deal 23.
Crossly 19.
A nightmare 11.
Total is after six.
And puke inducing five.
And a nightmare especially for those of us who have plans to get the hell out.
When in doubt, I'm scheduled to get out.
But oh no, the airport is closed.
And this airline ain't flying.
And these people are peeing in their pants.
And for Lottardale's doing an I-inbound but not outbound.
And it's said or and so on.
When that woman from Air Canada told me on Saturday that you could,
as soon as she could get me on a flight was Wednesday night.
Meaning tomorrow night, I just about, I just about throughout the load in my pants
when she said that.
Can you believe that?
No, seriously, because this is on the heels of already sitting there like Lottardale.
And everything is closed and thinking all on by that time I'm going to weigh at least 300 pounds.
I got to be.
Now am I the only one at satin eight and eight and eight all weekend?
Am I the only one?
No, this room.
What else are you going to do?
Monthly.
Even though you people out there that were screwing around.
I mean how much of that can you do before your limp?
You know what I mean?
You can only do a certain amount of that.
But eating man there's no end inside.
And you're just shoveling it down and shoveling it down.
And you're cleaning on the course of when people that lose power stop to think about those people.
Because everything they got in the refrigerator is going to spoil anyway, right?
Right.
So you go leave it.
When in doubt pull it out.
George, things are meal Rogers.
Collector, I'm going to back some things to you, A.M.
George W. Bush comes up film about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of convenience, George Neckhyl.
Leica Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang gangs and funny bones.
Baron Heith, 7-11, exposing the man who is becoming the most heated figure in the Arab world.
By the costus cupcakes you explain were formed just yesterday.
Stand the maker of the Mordekin men and devour everything.
From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells slim gyms and condy cars,
you'll find us that man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all.
Here won't stop until it hits all.
Michael Moore is a real catalyst.
Baron Heith, 7-11, excuse me, Congressman.
Yeah, where we're creating the children and politicians to work in convenience stores.
When Michael Borkdownshade with a hanker for 20 years, sir, please come back and I'll take a second.
Baron Heith, 7-11, now showing 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
11-25 at 5.60 WQM.
I've heard you have something I got addicted to being house found over the weekend with a storm and that was just nuts.
Excuse me?
Okay.
Which is certainly more exciting than just playing a little poppycock at any rate.
So you never, we talked about that last week. You had just nuts, right?
Finish it, Josh.
No.
The hell we didn't.
You don't even know what it is doing.
I don't.
You know what Carmel Corn is, a poppycock, a marching crunch, crunching, munch, all that crap.
It's like that.
Only it's like nuts with that sugary crap on it, like toffee and that stuff.
It's it'll kill you.
This is the greatest story that you just facts me.
This is the best story in history.
For anyone who didn't get enough of Hurricane Francis as it blew through Florida and it blew all right, remnants of the storm are for sale.
More than 170 items were listed on eBay's Internet auctions.
So yesterday, they have for the category two, I store, came with sure.
The starting bid for Tupperware filled with wind was a penny.
Tupperware filled with wind.
Now we can't play those sounds anymore, dammit.
Nope.
Wouldn't that be great?
Tupperware filled with wind for a penny.
I wonder if it tastes like a penny.
Photo showed proud County residents running around with the containers catching the wind.
Surprisingly, someone had already been $10 on one of the four containers.
Oh my God.
I don't want to say there's stupid people out there, but you know what?
Guess what?
There's stupid people out there by the zillions, including the morons that were lined up 80,000 deep at the Stay Road 84 lumber.
Not that I begrudge them.
I hope you know, they're probably nice people that run at place.
Maybe not.
I don't know.
Now can you test and see if there's actually wind in there?
Or does that happen?
Well, when you open it up, it does a little number at you.
The wind gets released right in your face.
Like that.
That's wind.
Somebody had bid $6.99 for Beats Sand that a proud County surfer had collected.
Three Francis survivors had bid $15 cents each table, but women pray for them.
One cent vials of rain that fell into Orlando as the storm passed overhead.
They had no bids.
Well, who now wants their crap, right?
Neither did a woman's offer to sell the t-shirt she wore during the storm.
Nor did the request by a lawful resident for someone to help get a large oak tree off the seller's home in car.
Oh, do you see the people that wanted a thousand?
What was it?
When it was $5,000, $5,000, $5,000, to remove that big fight history off somebody's property.
Do you see that?
Yeah.
$5,000.
Wow.
Not that there was any, and then there was the one guy that was charging 80 to $1,000 to charge 83 bucks for one sheet of plywood.
Not that we have anybody exploiting human misery and suffer, you do understand that.
Not that that would ever go on, especially in Florida.
Winning bitter will receive branches, leaves, sticks, stumps, whatever you would like.
What a conversation piece you can own a part of, meteorological, misspelled history, it says.
Carol Barudy, industry analyst author of the Internet for Dummies, said,
I think that these are all tongue in cheek.
I don't think anyone is serious about these things.
I think it's trying to fight a sense of humor, which is a good thing.
eBay is cancel auctions that coincide with prejudice such as Adam's Builders Debris from Spatial Columbia,
or piece of the World Trade Center in Pentagon.
eBay officials did not return a phone call so you can comment about their price as auctions.
This is in the scum sentinel, so it must be right.
I take back what I said about Roland Stettend doing such a good job after meeting Mitchell Spax here.
It says, here's a Roland Stettend story.
Sometime on Saturday, he was doing the 100th conference with a nerd guy from the Hurricane Center.
I wonder if that was Ed Rappaport or Max Headroom Mayfield.
What's the girl's name you get from Channel 6, the young lady Robinson?
Mrs. Robinson?
Sure.
She's a trainer Robinson.
Do you know who she is?
Have you seen her?
I haven't.
Oh, she's excellent.
I mean, she's like a real wetter person.
She really knows what she's talking about.
She's articulate.
She's not hysterical.
She doesn't get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
She doesn't stumble and bumble like the bitch there on Channel 4.
Anyway, the nerd hurricane center guy was talking about the landfall in West Palm Beach
and the cross Francis might make over Lake Okeechobee.
And by the way, I hate to break the news, but it's not Okeechobee.
Even our friend Don Noe was in Okeechobee.
She's...
I didn't realize he had kind of a speech quaggle.
You know that Don Noe?
He said, close.
When he says, and we're with an elephant, but I'm not a big.
It does a fine job.
You're okay, Don.
But it's not Okeechobee.
Just like Governor Bobby, it's Senator Bob.
It's not Puriken.
Anyway, it says, well, hysterical statum breaks into say how terrible this thing would be.
And this could be reminiscent of the hurricane that crossed over Lake Okeechobee and killed 18,000 people.
The nerd hurricane center guy looked puzzled, tried to remember some silence went on.
Finally, he asked what year this was because I don't.
And statum breaks in with 1850 when the levees gave way.
The hurricane guy said nothing but it would look a disgust and contempt on this face.
And said him what I'm talking about.
The potential of the storm running into Texas itself considering with the size of Texas.
After that, I will never listen to the statum for any type of weather news again.
See, I never saw him do that.
I thought he was very calm, cool and collected, especially when he put those spectacles on.
He was covering the teleprompter on that.
Other than that, I didn't think he was making a big spectacle out of himself.
Like Miss Kamal.
I mean, she just really, she needs to be put away in a straight jacket somewhere until her hurricane season ends.
I mean, that child is just, you know, I think before any time they put her on the air,
it needs to be a breathalyzer because that one has got real serious problems.
And then they kept showing those hysterical pictures.
They kept going off behind Channel 7 there.
Next to where I would be used to be there on the Causeway.
And it kept showing how, oh, and look at this wind in the rain.
And all they wanted to do is terrify people.
And that's all they wanted to do is just put the fear of Channel 7 in you.
Here's a fact that says how many more times are we going to see that puts Mayor Alex Satini Pini?
When did he become a weatherman?
Getting everybody worked up into a frenzy?
It says thank God for you.
You're the voice of reason and you're absolutely correct.
Thank you.
Also, Sergio and Harley, it's 998 killed in Iraq.
Nathan Brick the news, he says 996.
We're having trouble keeping track because there's so many so in such a short period of time.
And the public is going, boom, I don't like that.
And he says, oh, well, I would have voted for that resolution anyway.
Even if I knew it was based out of lies.
Here again, in an opening, you could have driven a bunch of fleet of Mac trucks through it, okay?
Instead of using the opening to go on the offensive and say,
we were led into war and all these people are dying based out of a bunch of lies.
Oh no, I would have still voted for the resolution.
That's when the Democrats started going into like a total panic.
That's when Bubba had to spend 90 minutes on the phone Friday night before getting operated on,
trying to straighten Carrie's ass out.
Look for the QM van right now at the mobile station in the corner of Northeast corner,
well, on the corner of Northeast 1091 Street in this game, Boulevard.
Stop by to pick up an appearance against the Knights, Marlon's Metz game.
And say, hi to our good person. I probably want to gas up to it the mobile, right?
If you want, if they have.
Well, I mean, if they have gas, will we promote a gas station that doesn't have gas?
No, we're just picking a corner.
I see.
Not in Northeast 1091, this game Boulevard will have some right now till when, till they're gone.
Until they're done.
Until they're done.
Fair tickets for Knights, Marlon's Metz game.
Here's a fact from Sergio, who says my most memorable moment from this past weekend was when a bimbo from Channel 7
was castigating and urging people to stay indoors in a minute later,
who was talking about all the records West of US 1 are open.
Well, I think what you meant was don't go outside unless you go to records.
Also, how about all the times they showed the two banion trees down in a gable,
oh yeah, and the fight history down to 1440 Overland Driving for Lauderdale.
Yeah, they kept going the same.
Oh, look at that. There's a boat and it's rocking around in the waves during the water.
How many, how many thousand times?
About 30, man.
We get treated to those spectacles.
The same stuff over and over.
You know, just give us some useful information.
Just put some calm, reasonable, rational people on there.
Give us some useful information and stop putting on this hysterical dog and pony.
Look at this.
Just don't know if the roots house has seen the worst of this thing yet.
The first thing we noticed when we got here was this, this big section of roots.
We passed it on CNN.
Still out back, it's blown off and landed here in their neighbor's house.
But the good news is that the tarp still seems to be holding on top of the house.
Three million FBL Florida customers still without power.
Well, not just FBNL, I guess, records in the West Coast, they got something else.
Some crap.
Now, I'm not really sure and I'm not going to even try it.
We got enough, enough problems already because every day I noticed during the week
that I was there, every day is another crisis of QA.
Every day it's like that always.
So I'm going to like air on the side of real Wusson Out is what I'm airing on.
You know what I mean?
When did that leave it out?
And that includes you to Eric and Boca Bryan to find wonderful human beings who just can't control themselves if you kick my drift.
Just calm down, relax and the when did that cut the crap out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line.
WQA and Hello.
Hello.
Miss Camel is the Cosmo creamer of the weather.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hey, did you hear that Jack Johnson replacement that said to put their storm sugars in the basement?
That was a very sensuous guaranteed.
WQA and Hello.
QA and.
Not there. WQA and Hello.
I'm almost good today.
That was an improvement. WQA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, bro?
Great.
I know we're talking about the storm but I read Michael Moore's Doodware of my country and I've just been watching this thing and I've been talking to people.
I've just got to get angry about it for the first time in my life about the election.
I'm physically getting angry that people are supporting Bush.
Yes, he was going on.
I basically came to this conclusion.
If you are going to vote for Bush.
You are either you're willfully ignorant, you're ignorant, or you're just one of the aggression.
What else is there?
Yes.
That's it, man.
I just had to bend.
It's called stupidity, man.
You don't ever overestimate the intelligence of public.
How many million times have we heard that?
Not ten million.
Exactly.
It's like you're saying he's just like blowing.
I mean, where's Carrie?
Where the hell is he?
We need how are Dean, man, before it's too late.
We need Dean in the big screaming machine.
I'm telling you right now.
Was this something I can't remember the name of the show.
They're talking about the Macavellian way.
You attack your enemies like strongest point.
I guess we're doing Carrie there, thanks.
How else could you call a warhead or a coward?
How could anybody get married down in the fate of our Vietnam 30 years later
when nobody gives a flying craft of our Vietnam?
You know, we got 998 dead Americans over there now.
You know, you got people's kids in the United States.
You got a thousand destroyed families over here.
They're just going to be exploiting 9-11 in New York.
I mean, I think it was great.
Well, went on to New York.
It's something of the crap that they gave them in New York.
And I was in Alabama working.
It is what shocked me.
You know, I was monitoring the Bible belt.
And the subject of politics came up with one of my customers.
And I probably shouldn't have.
And just the man that still come out about Clinton.
I mean, if they still mad at him,
I'll see him watch the TV when he comes on.
And you try to have a rational conversation with me.
You probably pray that a surgery fail.
Okay, I got a run-pally.
I love you, man.
I'll see you in order.
Bye.
I love you, man.
I love you, man.
I'll see you in order.
Bye.
I love you, man.
I'll see you in order.
I'll see you in order.
I love you, man.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bravo.
305 60 WQAM.
I don't want to say that Miss Drudge is losing it.
I think a lot of the acquaintances are really...
I don't know.
Maybe it was because of the big blow from Francis this weekend.
First it was Miss Norcross and then Miss Kamal totally lost it.
And I'm Miss Drudge.
I look on the website because I like to check these things
during the break since there's anything that we're missing.
Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry was seen this weekend
touting a gun which would have been banned if legislationy co-sponsored became law.
I think what you really mean Miss Drudge is toting a gun.
Not touting a gun.
You jackass.
You mighty corn.
You're simple than you.
You idiot.
Touting.
Let's see how many seconds it takes before that changes on the Drudge report.
Bad news.
horrendous story although I'm sure that some of the silliest sports nerds are there.
It was like oh gee couldn't happen when I see more deserving guy to Bobby Bowden's story.
What?
What?
Did I take the chuckle from you there?
No I never mind.
What?
What is he laughing about?
I don't know he just has a weird look on his face.
He's turning red right now.
A grandson and former son-in-law of FSU football coach Bobby Bowden were killed
when their car was hit by utility truck.
There was something to be stored power out.
It just caused by Hurricane Francis and Josh is laughing about it because he don't like FSU.
No.
And he can't stop laughing.
What is it about?
What is it about?
I mean isn't this a little bit more important than football and rivalries?
In the fact we hate Bobby Bowden and Terry Bowden like poison?
Isn't it a little more important than that?
The two innocent people lost their lives?
That's right.
It's a tragedy man.
You better get with it.
John Allen Madden, a 45 year old former FSU lineman who played under Bowden and his 15 year old son Bowden Madden
were killed instantly Sunday when the passenger side of their car hit the front of the truck FHP Lieutenant Robert Mills said yesterday.
Bowden Madden.
Mills said the Bowden family had been informed of the events.
Most of us have been around the Bowden family great deal.
It's a law shared by all of us FSU athletic director Dave Hart's in the statement.
Words can express the grieving I know the Bowden's are going through the driver of the truck Danny Headley was not injured.
Not Danny Heetley of the Atlanta trashers who said his other vehicular problems Danny Headley.
Moments before the collision on rains like Interstate 10, the Madden's car bumped a van is the two are traveling side by each causing both vehicles to cross over the highway median the van in up in the woods.
Boy.
What do you like that?
What kind of a name is that anyway Bowden Madden?
That's what I was laughing at.
No, why didn't you get to that yet?
You were already laughing.
Yeah, but I already knew that.
Oh, I see.
Well, in that case, Texas politicians as he helped push into the National Guard to score brownie points.
A senior Texas politician's school close friends that he recommended George W. Bush for a pilot slot in the Texas International Guard during the Vietnam War
because he was eager to collect chits from an influential political family that spells THITS.
He was eager to collect chits.
The reported comments by former Texas lieutenant governor Ben Barnes added fuel to a long running controversy over how Bush got a slot in the now fit known as the Champaign unit because it included so many sons of prominent Texans.
Friends said Barnes had recorded an interview for the CBS program 60 minutes that will address the question whether Bush pulled strings to evade being sent to Vietnam.
Well, when hell are they going to put that on instead of sending us that crap about porn or what?
That old washed out stuff about pornography and how Jenna Jamison wants to become a housewife and get out of the business.
You see that last night?
I didn't.
Oh, you're lucky.
It's just a rehash of an oldster and then of course they had to embellish it a little bit about this juvenile.
Okay?
Like those proverts there on 60 minutes like they're not sitting in their watching porn 05, 18 hours a day.
Barnes, a long time Democrat who works as a lobbyist and political consultant Austin, said that he's very ashamed of helping a lot of people who had family names of importance, get to the National Guard.
He made the statement during a meeting with John Kerry supporters in Austin on May 27 of video, which is now circulating on the Internet.
How come we don't have that video on the Internet on our website?
Instead of this other crap?
Not a good question?
See, Eric, friends said Barnes wanted to see one thing about George, okay?
When he sick, don't let him in there again.
In fact, somebody would have called me if they would have come in and done a real show if I knew.
Because can my limo guy, can help her from National Limbo? Thanks again, can you the best?
He told me that he didn't even hear George at all yesterday.
All I heard was, and I'm using his expression, really weird music the whole time, weird.
That's what we did.
Well, why do we want to do that?
We got to play stuff that's not on the normal airwaves because you hear that over and over again, so try to mix it up a little bit.
We didn't play the righteous brothers and build me a butter club by the foundation.
I said, you're Ricky Tiffy-Schrauss going to be pissed off about that. He's probably the spin in that cap right now.
And by the way, Rich, stay home on election day, please.
Friends said Barnes will expand on these remarks and he said, oh, and guess who else was on footy was on during the hurricane?
Which channel was that? Was that channel six? I guess it must be one of their 85 partners, a Y100, and they had footy.
Who's the guy that does that show with him on Y100 tomorrow?
Fuddy and Kenny were on the phone, but that was really embarrassing. That was humiliating and degrading.
But they had a lot of time to fill.
And I will say this, there were a lot of guys on there, worked their asses off.
They poured white, four-lottered ale on there. He never looked at any differently.
We had that same morose look on his face like because he misses Anne so bad.
And silly Tony cigaretteo and Bob Mayor and our good friend Kelly Craig.
You got to stop me talking about Kelly being fat. She can't help it. She got pregnant. She had a baby and then she just stayed fat.
She can't help it.
But she's so annoying.
Huh?
You've really already done it.
But we love her even though she is fat and her face is fat. But only say that.
Shut up. I'm going to start dumping.
I mean Bob Mayor, he's puffed up in fat and the face because he's an old fart.
But he's a good guy and did a good job. Nice going Bobby.
I still say it would have been really nice.
A nice thing if they would have just brought Bobby in there just wanted to.
But they don't want to do that. They want a bunch of weather bimbos on there.
Like that guy in CNN. That skinny guy in CNN does know his ass from Miguel Zelbo. He doesn't know anything.
Here's Rick, all chronic Rick, who just, I knew that we could be getting the facts from Rick.
Who says the best part of the storm coverage was when Tony Sigueroa and Jackie Nesbrolde did their reminiscing about Hurricane Andrew.
Tony says I can remember a guy came all the way to Kendall served soup to people.
Now that's what neighbors are all about.
Speaking of too stupid to be present having Osama, your mom in his back pocket.
I hope he brings him out September 14 when Kitty Kelly's new book comes out about the scrub family.
Other than that, here comes Ivan says Rick. Well, yes, what Rick?
I don't think Ivan's coming, but I don't think we can say that on the air anymore. Can we?
No, especially now that we're really wimping out. We're not saying anything anymore. Okay. Hello and goodbye.
For example, for example, I already know the answer to this. And I think I'll probably only play it once.
We can say this because we can say the single words. There are words that we can't combine.
Because I actually discussed this with the two powers that be there.
The two intermediate powers that be last Thursday afternoon. We can say the individual words.
It's me again, Bob. Dush when you're done. See Bob from FBNO. We can say that.
Right? Right. You say so. Well, let me answer one thing. Are you sure?
Because you let it on the air. You guys not me. We can't do the bag phone. Following that word.
You know, we haven't even been on two hours today. Steering got done about 10, 20. We've been on like less than two hours already.
I can just feel my life flashing before my eyes. I don't know what that's all about.
Maybe it's just from the hurricane. You know? I'll tell you one thing. Bobby Graham, man. There's a guy.
He really landed on too bad. The hurricane took up all the coverage all weekend for the last several days.
Because he really ripped them and asked about how Tommy Franks even had said that there was a wasting their time
in fading Iraq and that they had other figure fish to fry in Yemen, Yemen and Saudi Arabia, things like that.
But oh no. And also Bobby Graham pointed out that they were diverting troops and money from the war in Afghanistan against the Taliban
a year before the actual invasion of Iraq. It was already a done deal, baby.
But don't confuse the American public with it and don't confuse the Democratic Party with the idea that this business of being cast for a milk toast
and playing really nice and we don't want to play a hard ball. Well, guess what? You got eight weeks from today to do it.
Grow up here, man. I think that's all we're going to do the next eight weeks between now and the election day.
We're just going to play...
Over and over again, okay?
Man, it just surprised my aunt.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona.
Yeah, damn it.
North Dakota and New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington.
Oh.
This again. And then we're going to Washington DC to take back the White House.
Yeah!
Are you serious?
New Mexico is going to take sides.
And again, Seen Midnight culture.
It happened when she realized
She raised her friend in the clouds
Barbara Bush has hardly felt my eyes
Let's see if she's able to craft me
And she ran to her place with that face
She had troubles and said,
I've reached her body wide
Those days they watched her boy
What's my key to carrying a bullet
Pulled between her thighs and thighs
But he fell to her
Welcome
She's been to a club
And the key's always surprising
She's been able to achieve top
Barbara Bush has hardly felt my eyes
She gave us your choice
And she had pushed my top head
She's been able to fly
And fly
She's been able to achieve top
And she fell to her place with that face
And she ran to her place with that face
Barbara Bush has hardly felt my eyes
She gave us your choice
And she ran to her place
Come and take it 560
We got them all
How are they David?
Continuing to fill that breach
Here's the fact that
And this is a very good fact
And I'm so glad that somebody
Positive about there might be listening
Well I agree
I agree that the new scoverage was appalling
I think we should consider ourselves
Very very lucky on the poll today
I would vote for fortunate
Well fortunate has got too many letters in for a lot of people
Just lucky I think is good
In fact a lot of people asked me
Well how did you do with your house in a minute?
I said very lucky
Only lost a power for two hours
Very lucky right?
Absolutely correct
Is that on her yet?
Good I respect it
So on there right now lucky
A lot of us were very lucky
Instead of bitching and bullying
It could have been a lot worse
And like I said, is anybody in their right mind out there
I think that we really in South Florida
Prepared for like the big one
I mean yeah
Hurricane Andrew was a nightmare
And yet take a look geographically
Where the eye of that thing hit
I remember that couple of days
And of course Andrew, even though it was a category five
That thing blew right on through fast
overnight
Just a few hours
I remember seeing up all night that night
Never lost my power once
I left it for a week
But boy that thing
It just never let up for a second
It was blowing and blowing
And blowing and a rain was coming
It was just not good
But again the heart of it was down there
Like you know a homestead and a coverage
South aid
And if that thing would have been just a few miles north
Not a whole bunch just a few
And of course then
The people like Noracross
And Miss Kamala will be saying
Well you see that's why we tried to keep you on your guard
Because if that thing would have wobble
Just a little bit south
But you know it didn't say
It didn't
So all the hysteria that you were whipping up
And all the business about going to west
And then going to south
Isn't it something that the people at the hurricane said
The hurricane center, excuse me, Senator Bob
That they told us almost exactly where the eye was going to hit
Did that something?
Oh it's something
They said somewhere between
I mean they were saying Fort Pierce Stewart
Be between Aaron Melbourne
And where did it hit Stewart?
That's where the landfall was in Stewart
What did I say on Thursday?
And again I don't know anything
I'm no meteorologist
But I've been through these things many times
And again sure all kinds of things can happen
Because especially because it was moving so slowly
But you know I have to be a rocket scientist
To see that barring some sharp turn
Or some other thing that that's pretty much where it was going to hit
And guess what? That's where it hit
Oh no it's coming back
It's going south
And Miss Kamala man
She spent the whole weekend trying to just push that
And the hurricane too
She was pushing it
56070560, pound 560 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless line
WQAM, hello
Not there QAM, hello
QAM?
Neil
Yes sir
Hey
I recently converted a so-called
When he comes south of using a rover bush
And my brother told me about him
So I called him up
And I talked him for half hour
And I actually pretty much changed his mind
I say 95% sure
Excellent
And the thing that I noticed
And I'm thinking this is probably extremely common among these people
But probably Republican car carriers
And they probably don't know any better
Because this guy didn't know any of the issues
And actually the ones that I brought up he knew some of them
And still just didn't think about it
Wow but you know something
It's pretty interesting
They were very disturbing
And in the 2000 election
The issues were more important but they'll shout out to NCN
And as late as pull they grow out over the weekend
And now issues are much less important
It's leadership that the public thinks
That's why they want to vote for Bush
Because it is great leadership that has all of these Americans dying
I don't know
Everyone knows
You and I both know about him being a leader
It's the same as you and I being a leader
Right
I just think that there are a lot of people who plan on voting for Bush
Because they've passively watched these commercials
That the Republicans have run
And I hate to say that they're working on all sorts of people
Because the guy who I convinced
I can say to him an intelligent guy
And they're just so
This interest that people are so apathetic
That these commercials will work up until the debates
And if the public had any brains at all
And if the media was doing her job
Even with his weak campaign
Carry would be 15, 20 points ahead right now
Yeah, any free thinking individual
Who actually puts any thought
Or any research into this
Would probably go with carry
And then it's gone
Like I thought, you are more lined up with carry on almost every issue
When there's almost anybody out of it
Most of the time meet
So eventually that in the conversation is like
Yeah, I'm going to have to probably give you carry a chance
After the things you've told me
So I think we just have to start talking to people
Because a lot of idiots out there who just don't care
Well, be sure to put your hand in there on election day
Make sure he doesn't waffle
You don't say
Oh, I know, no, I know pretty well
Okay, pal, thanks a lot
Good job
See, there's one, one at a time
Just like Josh Cornis right there
He got his card finally from that strange guy that was out on the street corner
Yeah, I didn't think the weirdo was going to come through
But it's finally got the card and the maelie got his voter registration card
He's ready to rock and roll, man
He's going to be out there voting several times
About third man
On election day
Got my absentee thing
All set
You can do it online
You can do all kinds of things if you really want to make a difference
But the problem is most people talk is cheap
They just sit back under fat ass
Like Al Sunstein, you know, wave their arms around
Hey, we'll see if the, whatever that place is, is it the, what is it?
The Floridian
Ah
That was so bizarre
It was so obvious
I mean, just like looking through a panaglass
You're real pan in the ass and a panaglass through Al Sunstein
At the Floridian sucking up trying to make a men's for where you did five years ago
Chooinos poor people out
All they were trying to do is feed the public
Okay, we're hungry, we're starving over here
Maybe a little bit too freaking hungry last few days
Documents that should have been written to explain gaps in President Bush's
Texas Air National Guard service are missing
From the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973
According to regulations and outside experts
You've got two draped dodgers in there running the country
Two freaking draped dodgers
You got a bunch of chicken hocks out there sending your kids off to be slaughtered
And the war that never should have been fought in the first place against a phantom terrorist
For example, the Air National Guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the Air Force
When Bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972
The regulations also required commanders to confirm and writing that Bush received counseling
After missing five months of drills
No such records have been made public and the government told the Associated Press and Response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit
That it's released all records that can find we just can't find it with both hands
Outside experts who just that National Guard commanders may not have produced documentation required by their own regulations
One of the downfalls back then in the National Guard was that not everyone wanted to be cheap as staff of the Air Force
They just wanted to fly or maintain airplanes
So the record keeping could have been better said retired Major General Paul Weaver, Jr. former head of the Air National Guard
Who said the documents may not have been kept in the first place
Do we believe that? No
No
It just happened to be missing because it's convenient
Just like Larry Fleck it was convenient for them not to find that broad that Bush knocked up
So he could write about it and that book he was going to write
Don't forget to look for the QM van right now is it still there do we know?
Yep
Now who's out there in them?
Uh, Roli and Frank
How big your pardon?
The Rolton motion department Roli and Poli are out there in the Mo and the QM van
It's at the Mobile Station Court of 191st Street in Biscay in Polar Guard
Stop by because free you don't even have to spin the wheel if you stop by
Get a free pair tickets for nice Marlins meds game. I can't believe it's still out there. What is wrong with you people man?
Free free, say it again
We are Rogers of Mortings and We did and the course of Rona Crock will find us in the future
We did
Here here
That's your new name
Yeah
Anytime they see that we're lacking in the form
They forgot and had my side will be you
Find a goal
You say they said
Is the one
You get
Now they
I've only one
They
Say the word
No point in that
We got
We got
Now we are putting inside
You got
We won't let
Have this a wall
You got
A wall
A wall
A wall
Music on your level is what they got you to do
You can't get any government at all one party party today
You can't get a party
What they say
Is the one
Like a ball
Like a ball
As they
Say
Is the one
As they
Say
Is the one
You
Find a goal
One
Two
Above the election
Beyond
Thebtions
Beyond
Is the one
Get
Up
You got
You got
You got
Covered
32 at 560 W at
Anyone
Dogged
2
I think no schedule changes yet, right?
So, we know.
I guarantee there'll be one on Friday.
I mean, if he comes in, I'm going to be really disappointed in my boy.
If he comes in on Friday for 45 minutes, he's going to be there like him.
Huh?
There's no way.
No chance.
I mean, two to two 45.
I mean, we might even fill out 45 minutes.
No.
No, just a joke.
Because Friday, we got the Marlon's on deck at two 45.
And the Marlon's at the Cubs 320, man.
And that's just a single game, right?
I don't know.
I don't know yet.
I mean, we, I don't know how they're going to.
They head to three games all washed out, which of course, it's a gigantic series.
And the Cubs in the Marlon's are like Nick and Nick knows the most.
Along with a giant's in Houston.
And how about San Diego?
They fall in out of it?
They're still involved.
Yeah, see, all of those themes are, all of these things are still involved in a wild
card.
So, they're humongous games, giganically important, even more so than a stupid World Cup
of Hockey games.
You guys, the NHL guys that are playing the World Cup of Hockey, that's the Raspberry
for you.
Okay, screw you.
You don't care about the fans who subsidize your salaries.
See them on the go over there.
Oh, play for your country.
What people are tired of that crap already, okay?
Tired of hearing Foster.
He would scream at about Paul Henderson.
Enough with that garbage already, okay?
That's why the NHL isn't as sorry as shape that it's in right now because of the little
quizzling Gary Vettman because of the greed, the unbelievable greed of these goofballs.
But anyway, it's going around.
378 votes on the pool.
Do you realize that there's still millions of people out there who don't have their power?
2.5 I believe.
In Florida, I thought they just flashed out here on CNN, there was three million, I think.
Three million people without power.
And don't be picking on FBI, okay?
It's easy to do and of course, very often they deserve it, but, you know, I mean, you
want to be out there in 50, 60 mile, 70 mile, gust of wind in one of those, what are
they call those things?
Are they stick them in those cherry pickers?
Is that what they call them?
Yeah.
Those pickers, cherry pickers.
Would you want to be up there a trim and a tree and trying to get the wires and all of
a sudden, but a bing, here comes a 70 mile an hour gust?
No thanks.
See, then that's what kills me about these TV morons, man.
They don't have to be out there with all this melodrama of theirs.
I'm surprised that more people aren't just, I guess the public likes it.
Maybe that's why they're doing it.
Oh, look at that.
Here's the hurricane in the Francis again.
From regions, from homes to boats to businesses, Francis's fury was widely felt.
And see, the reason that you people live in trailers, they call you trailer trash is that
we saw that over the weekend, right?
Because after a hurricane, that's all that's left of most trailers is trash.
What is wrong with those people?
Although I think they're at the ass end and even now the kids in the Broward and Pumbi
throughout the school again today.
Yeah, Broward and Pumbi.
Because a lot of people are without power.
In fact, maybe some of the schools don't have any power.
Who now knows?
Thank the Lord that public's finally reopened yesterday.
Man, oh man.
And don't those big supermarkets have generators?
They've got to have.
They're not going to let all that food rot.
I'll let the...
How would you like to go in there and like in the seafood to buy that fish now?
Oh, yeah, but it smells real good back in the fish department.
Now back in the day, I might say something about that, but I won't screw in.
Which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience 384 aggravating 98?
Boring 74, Ponder was 69.
Stir crazy, he's moving up fast 39.
You know, just you're locked inside your housebound and you want to do something.
Just give me out of here already.
Open up someplace.
Not how you got to stay home.
No big deal 37, costly 26 on nightmare 16, lucky 11.
See, we just put that on here lucky.
Let's look on the bright side.
It could have been a lot worse.
Puking, boosting 7 out of total disaster 7, we apologize to those people.
We feel bad for them.
Don't we?
Yes, we do.
For people who obviously had a lot of damage.
Lion 9 is ringing WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I haven't called you in a long time, but I'm up here in Orlando and you were just talking about the power addicts.
Three million people without power.
Right.
It's like Daytona for Lucius.
They got hampered real hard.
I mean, they might be without for two weeks.
Damn.
But I heard firsthand how much of a living by Norcross is.
Yeah.
I was watching streaming video from Channel 4.
Oh, yeah, it's called Screaming Video and Brands on it.
Yeah, and he was the only one out of CNN and all the weather channel.
The only person that ever said the direction was south or west, south, west.
And I'm like, oh man, it's turning.
So I called a radio station and they go, what model are you looking at?
I'm like, what's in Channel 4 of Miami?
It was brand new.
It was brand new.
Thank you.
But we didn't have no damage here in Orlando for my neighborhood goes.
But I high-tailed with the Jacksonville.
As soon as I get up there, they get tornado warnings.
Yeah.
So it was one of those deals where I mean, you could get like a lot of people on Saturday, for example.
They got in the cars, they went to the keys.
And then like late Saturday and then all Sunday in the good party yesterday, the keys got hammered with those bands, you know.
Yeah.
Tampa got a pretty bad too.
I heard.
Yeah.
But, uh, well, they deserve it.
All as well here.
And, uh, love your show, man.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Hey, hey, stay safe.
Thank you.
Yeah, see you can go online.
I realize now if you don't have power unless you've got a laptop, you can't go online.
But if you've got your power, you can go online.
And you can track these things.
You go to the NOAA website or this is Zidian, you know, just type in hurricane, Francis or Hurricane Ivanau.
And you track them on there and you can see where they're going.
And you don't have to, and you can read the advisories on there.
You don't have to get all whipped up into a frenzy by people like Miss Kamala.
I mean, seriously, she needs to be taken off the air until hurricane season is over, okay?
I know their channel seven is famous for hyperventilating in a lot of melodrama, but it's irresponsible.
And that one there, that child there, man, it's all she wanted to do was whip everybody up into a frenzy
and as it go on West, and they looked as last guy said with Brian Norcross, Southwest, he was doing everything.
And he kept, he kept drawing those lines, you know, they had the telestrator and they keep drawing lines.
And he kept bringing it back farther and further to South.
Man, oh man.
I thought that thing was going to blow right up his laptop before it was over with, you know what?
God, get her off the air.
Get her a breathalyzer like I said.
It's too late for all of us.
How's Ivan doing?
Are you watching that? Are you tracking it?
Well, if you track it, you're in big trouble.
Why is that? Because the habit coming up here.
No, they don't. As of when?
Why is the me watching channel seven?
Now?
Yes.
Well, if you go on the NOAA website, which I did just a half an hour ago, there are two new forecast.
No, I take that back.
There are like a half a dozen, what do they call those?
The forecast, whatever they call them, tracks.
And none of them showed them.
In fact, there's only one that shows it going up on the west coast through the Gulf.
And the rest of them all show it going south of Cuba or across the southern part of Cuba and into the Gulf.
There isn't any of those six models that I saw that has it going into the, but I don't want to give it to you.
It was too far away.
Well, the one on Channel seven has it coming under Cuba going up through Cuba and eating Florida whole.
And right in North Bay, village, there you go.
So if you want to believe Miss Kamala and the hysteria, the hysterical folks of Channel seven, they just, they make me say,
they should be taken off the air.
Maybe the next hurricane that comes along a blunder tower down.
20 to one at five, 60 WDQM over the years.
I've talked a lot about Chuck Alphierin, his patent adheres systems.
Charles Alphierin is the best in the universe.
And for over 35 years, he's been providing amazing natural look adheres systems that are virtually 100% undetectable.
And now Charlie's introducing the latest development in hair restoration.
It's called the new laser light therapy treatment.
It's used for treating fine and thinning here.
This new treatment is FDA sure to fight restore your hair and scalp act towards healthier state, while increasing hair shaft density and volume.
The new laser light therapy and it's cool light laser devices affected by both men and women as a painless non-invasive treatment that's completed just about a half an hour.
In other words, not 30 minutes.
Charlie and his staff have witnessed dramatic results with this new system that impedes hair fallout for those of you guys with fine and thinning here.
So stop thinking that it's a miracle.
A magic wand is going to come from heaven and that your thinning here is going to stop falling into the sink to show on the floor.
Give Charlie a call and fight out more about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment and how can solve your thinning hair problems forever, both men and women.
It can really change your life.
That's called tool free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 run at WickedWeb at CharlesLF-Eerie.com.
You want to stay 70-year-old Rogers?
Exclusively.
I'm 560-A-M-A-M.
Hey Lisa, wasn't that you seeing at that party last night?
You were crunk.
Thanks Mike, but I did have a little help.
Help?
What kind of help?
That's the way.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
I like it.
Are you ready to party?
That's the way.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
You need the Carrie Okimase.
We are family.
That's right.
I've got all my Democratic supporters.
All your favorite hits.
I fight for a party, but the party always wins.
Except in no hands here where I did very well.
It has only John Kerry can sing them because I've got friends in little places.
And if I could just talk to Bill Clinton the other day.
Sing along.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Or, yes, do the hits.
Carrie, you bought this chum once you won.
But you really, really want to.
I want to, I want to, I want to.
Here's the order.
Last chance.
Last chance.
For a while.
I got a Carrie Okimase.
She now only 3.
She came.
This is 99.99.
I said 99.99.
She can handle it more than one payment of 499.99.99.
She fails that.
And this election here.
John Kerry.
She won the crash machine.
She got her motor plane.
Order.
Carrie Okimase.
1245, 560.
I'm looking right now.
I guess what I'm looking at.
What do you know?
Not that.
I'm looking at the latest tracking mat.
Yeah.
Just those as of 11 o'clock a.m.
And from Manoa.
And his arc.
And I'm looking at Hurricane.
I heard from Ivan.
And of course it's still going to do West Ukraine.
11 o'clock a.m.
There'll be a new one out of two.
But the forecast track for the next five days.
Show us it starting to move.
Continuing the West above.
Like whatever that is.
What is that?
Well, it's above it is where it went to the Easter Columbia.
And then just starting to the Northwest slightly.
And go in south of Cuba all the way to the Western tip.
Now what's on the Western tip of Cuba?
Guantanamo.
Now Guantanamo is not on the Western tip.
Is not on the Eastern tip.
You don't know your tips, mister.
I'll tell you that right now.
I want to know.
I want to know your tips.
I know that.
Yeah.
I got a tip for you.
I don't have that towards that way.
No, her man is not towards that way.
Yeah, this is this has got to be the most embarrassing moment in your life.
Here's Mr.
Mr. Profilier from Chicago.
But that's all you care about is Cuba.
Cuba, Cuba, Fidel, Cuba.
That's all we talk about is Miguel and Cuba.
And he don't know he wouldn't know where to find it with both hands.
Okay?
Jesus, God Almighty, that is embarrassing.
I thought of all people I could ask in that joint.
You'd need a one-guy to know.
He's from Cuba.
He don't know crap about it.
Okay, he doesn't care about Cuba.
He's got more important to fish to fry.
I'm trying to get us all fired.
Anyway, it shows it going to the very Western tip of Cuba.
Now, Guantanamo is on the east.
Isn't it Guantanamo on the east tip?
I mean, I could be wrong.
I don't know.
I've always assumed that.
I'm sure of it.
And the Western tip, isn't it where Ilya need to was from in his family?
You're not safe.
But what was the name of that town where they were from?
I don't know where it is from.
Oh, Jesus, man.
This is Guantanamo to the east.
That's what I just got through Senguantanamo is where the eastern end of the island.
That's what I just got through telling.
I know that.
Any five-year-old knows that, Miguel.
What?
We're not that real towards the west.
Get out of here.
Just forget about it.
If only Cuba and man airs out.
I think he's probably been a thawalon myself.
Anyway, so you get to go to the...
And then it goes...
I mean, unless I almost said it makes a uterine, which I'm sure Miss Kamala Norfros can both figure about how to do that.
They probably have a pretty experienced making those fancy spins, you know, those airplane spins.
But unless it does something like that, it's not even going to affect the west coast of Florida.
Because it starts showing you going up into the Gulf and toward...
I hate to say this, but like Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, with a banjo on its knee.
Which they just cut smashed again.
So we get smashed twice, we get charlie, and then we get frances, aside by each, back to back, as to as.
And now we got this crap coming along and looks like maybe the Alabama and Jojo might get it.
If it takes it out, but at the moment it's like, well, South and Cuba's going to go.
Again, it's going to be a quarter of their five-day track.
So before all you people start running out again and getting all whipped up into a frenzy and buying more plywood,
and ripping plywood off other people's homes, and doing all kinds of invasible things,
getting tossed into buying a bunch of air out of a plexiglass thing, out of a tapperware.
And now we got some air to set in, some tapperware.
You might say that those people on eBay put the air in tapperware, but I said it.
So there it is. I just took a look at that thing and that's it.
So I would say calm, cool, and collected, not hysterical, like a Mexican jumping beam, please.
WQA and hello.
Hi, I want to speak with you.
Speaking.
Needle, I need to speak with you in a long time, listen, or first time car.
I don't want to let you know. There's a website called weatherunderground.com.
Right, it's a bit of a long situation on it.
And they have a couple of tracks, so it depends upon really how slow it moves in the next three to five days,
and when it turns, it might not even be here in five days, or it could be way off into the gulf.
So it's hard to really say, but I think I want to know that.
Okay.
All right. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day.
You could stay dry.
Yeah, I just, I mean, it's only a pure guesswork at this point, right?
Which is what it's all about in the first place, but people would like to have an idea.
We're going to slam it again.
And of course, these people, the grave robbers that they are, you notice over the weekend, they had that line.
Oh, and here's I've, especially Miss Kamal.
Here's Ivan out there, and we better start with, because this is a gigantic storm in the skating.
This is the first hurricane that's ever developed south of the equator.
Are you aware of that?
No.
Ever.
Now, Brazil got hit. Was it last year? Brazil got hit by Hurricane for the first time ever?
I think so.
I'm asking you questions in between the two of you.
You wouldn't know your name, okay? If I held a gun to your head.
But, uh, and this got to tell you something about global warming, man.
Anybody who says that there aren't some massive grotesque changes going on in our climate is full of you know what?
Something we, Schmidt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon wireless and singular wireless lines.
Who the QA am? Hello?
What's up?
How you doing, Pally?
Okay. Okay. Here's my theory.
Okay. The caller a couple hours ago kneeled on the head.
These hysterical nellies that run out there, reporters getting themselves in the middle of the weather.
There's no doubt about it.
This is their shot at fame. This is their shot at network.
I don't even think up into the news director's. I don't even have to push him out there.
This is their moment for them, hoping that they get hit by a piece of debris or something.
Maybe by lighting. We didn't have any thunder or lighting by me, but wouldn't that have been great, huh?
Well, that's what happened to the debris.
What's an in Judy's shot at? I guess it was over in March, Harvard.
You got hit by a piece of plaster and they got her and then the emergency room and she's on the gurney and they're shown.
I think I got a crack rib or a...
I only saw that about 14,000 times or maybe it was...
About 30,000?
30,000.
Yeah, probably.
Or like a ruined rib.
That's okay. It's not more spectacular to crack rib.
Right.
Or something like that.
Next week Judy's shot is on the beginning.
She's telling her diary and channel 10.
Congratulations Judy for out there listening.
Congratulations on your new fame and fortune now.
You had a magic career in that.
Congratulations. As you were lucky enough, okay?
I'm lucky enough to be in the middle of the storm to get by the storm.
I'm going to tell you what's going to happen to you.
The obvious question is what thought was she doing out there in the first place?
Well, they're giving up the big stories with their news.
They couldn't do it to you the window from inside.
Here's what's going to happen, okay?
Eventually, okay. One of these days something really bad is going to happen.
One of these jurors is going to get hurt, that, or killed, okay?
And then what's going to happen?
You're going to see the morning and then you're going to see the lawsuits.
And then finally, you'll probably see the landscape of this thing change
where they're throwing these reporters out there.
And I say throwing actually, you know,
the Mon of them go out on their own trying to get the story in advance of the careers.
And eventually you'll see a change in the landscape.
Well, I don't know if Dan Rather went out there and got pneumonia again like he used to do.
But there's another guy.
Because we never got to CBS News because they were preempting for local coverage all the time all weekend long.
But that was another stupid thing that he used to do.
And Broke Hall also, they were famous for doing it.
Every time there was like a major hurricane or some gigantic storm,
they always had to be out there.
We didn't like, you know, and here are a couple of old cockers like that who were practically on their deathbed.
And they got to go out there and prove something by getting soaked.
Like you said, just put a camera in the window.
Right.
Let's go on and throw a sock out the window with something.
Let's see how bad it's blowing.
Have a great day, Pally.
Don, no, I thought I could tell you, Neil.
There you go. Don, no, the man.
Thank you.
And I thought Rollin's setup was good too, but then after reading that facts about that story about the 18,000 people that died.
It probably not too reassuring their role.
And he was good.
There were a lot of people did a good job.
We don't want to like rip the entire media, do we?
No, no, they just, there's so much hyperventilation.
And far too much of these damn press conferences.
If I have to see fat ass governor Bush on there again,
and if I have to see Mayor Teenie Peony from Dave County,
an addition to which Mayor Teenie Peony I hate to break the news here,
but you're only the mayor of Dave County.
Nobody who lives north of the Dave Broward line gives a flying rat's ass about what you have to say, okay?
Nobody's going to pay any attention to you.
At least that the broader dead Weinstein Schwartz lady, whatever her name is in Broward.
At least she's got a sense of humor talking about the donuts, the Dunkin donuts,
even though she didn't know she was on here.
When you think in Broward, did it done crispy cream?
No, she had it right.
Bush apparently gets a modest bounce.
So says the new CNN poll.
Last week, DOP convention in New York City appears to have given President Bush a modest bounce.
And a small lead among likely voters according to the poll they led out yesterday.
And Bill Schneider was on their hyperventilating about how Kerry better could with it or bye-bye.
In the meantime, time and news week both came out over the weekend with Paul showing Bush 11 points ahead.
Now again, keep in mind that the all of these polls, all three of those,
the margin of differences among likely voters, among registered voters,
it's as tight as a which is, uh, your lobe.
Even in the CNN poll here, it shows Bush 49, Kerry 48, among registered voters.
And at the Lard-ass, Schneider is still getting, let's see, what is he getting in this one?
Does it even mention his name in this particular article?
You're probably not.
I think he was getting five points on this one.
And what does that tell you?
Does that tell you how many stubborn idiots there are out there that they would waste their vote on?
Neither one he's got no jam.
What is the point?
What is it? Anything?
Does it prove anything though?
That you don't like the other two candidates?
Well, that's fine. But one of them is going to be your next president and God forbid if it's Bush again.
God forbid, man. All I can tell you.
You're good.
For bid.
What was us?
Oh, speaking of fascist, they just had Bob Novak on a run CNN.
Chris Fah!
How come he's not in jail?
And whatever happened to that Valerie Plain thing, whoever outed her, huh?
That whole CIA business?
You notice how every with Clinton, every time it was like the blue dress and the stain on the dress, no matter what it was,
the media just went crazy.
They went ape-sweet all over, right?
But every time there's a scandal with the Bush thing, it's like, oh well, whether it's Abu Gar-
whether it's that or whether it's the Valerie Plain thing, no matter what it is.
It's just because he's got control of the media.
Man, he's got him right by the ass.
They'll cover it up.
Exactly. They'll present it in such a way if they presented it all.
And it's like, let's get one more important business like theirs.
And of course, then you're going to hand it to Carl Robeman.
They scripted that thing and they presented it in a way that all the moderates are.
They're all the popular Republicans, Rudy Giuliani and George Pataki and they had John McCain and they had Otto on it.
None of whom in any way, shape or form, represent what Bush and his Nazis are all about.
And not even close.
There are a million miles away, Ed Crotch, all of these people they had out there.
So they put on one hell of a dog in Ponyshow.
Too bad they couldn't have had you Lieberman on there.
Maybe the Democrats ought to just like, here you go. We'll just give them to you.
We'll make a trade, but we don't want anything in return. Just take them.
12.56 at 5.60 WQM right now, Armstrong, Florida, Holmes, they're once declared their lots and sell off all remaining O-4s.
Here are just some of the great deals and O-4 F-150 pickup is just a dollar over invoice.
New O-4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Ranges, crown, vix, terraces and focuses all waiting for you. It's just a dollar over invoice only.
At Armstrong, Florida, Holmes did. Plus Armstrong, Ford offers more value to his loyal customers.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong, Ford, you get their exclusive tires and batteries for the life program.
That's right, tires and batteries for life. The value you'll get at Armstrong, Ford doesn't stop there.
Right now, you get a free Florida Sunpass with any vehicle you buy.
If you press for time, Armstrong, Ford knows that your time is valuable.
So just pick up that instrument and give them a call.
305, 24751, 12th and shop right over the phone.
They'll even deliver you a new vehicle to you at your home, at your office, wherever you're hanging out.
Armstrong, Ford, Holmes did. His local unit operated. They treat you just like family and I guarantee you.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town.
No bait and switch. No foamy deals. Just the best deals go in an Armstrong, Ford, Holmes did.
And you'll find him at 307, 25 South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check him on the web, ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little and save a ton on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's the phenomenon.
Hold on.
Hold on, hold on.
Ow!
It raised the terror level high and I'm afraid I'm going to die. I'm worried.
Not happy.
This day, I'll pay the hazard chance and I think I just beat my pants. I'm worried.
I'm not happy. I'm worried. I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried. I'm not happy. I like the doors to close the drapes.
I bought a hundred rules of duct tape. I'm worried.
Oh my God.
If they'd change it from orange to red, I'll go and hide under my bed. I'm worried.
Oh my God.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
some people there after Charlie. Yes, they do have generators. They only power the
lights, computers and cash registers. They don't have enough power for the coolers and
freezers. After Charlie, public slots between 300,000 and 350 grand for store and
perishable goods in 46 stores. They open up so they could provide non-perishable goods.
I have no idea of how big of a good they took with Francis.
Evidently, when they opened again yesterday, at least in Broward, the shelves were pretty
veerin. It says you are correct again. The hardest thing is the waiting. Just sitting
in the shuttered up, how's waiting for the power to go out with drivers? They are crazy.
Well, I didn't have any shutters. I didn't have any plywood. I didn't even have to move
the furniture up my patio. How do you like that? I still want crazy. If Ivan goes to Mexico,
I'll consider myself lucky for the third time this jury. Well, it looks like it's going
to the golf, but then again, we can't be sure. But at this point, I would say that the
need to panic is moderate to low. Okay? That's what you want to do.
Huh? Not if you're watching the news. Why are they getting people whipped up again
about this? I'm sure. On Ivan, you grave robbers, you bastards, you hysteria stirrers,
you pot stirrers. One thing on issue, we like pot smokers a lot better than pot stirrers
and don't forget to get the seeds out of there. Here's one that says, on Thursday,
I was putting shutters on my house, getting ready for the big blow. Unfortunately, where's
that? One moment please. The whole contractor that supplied shutters to my house did not
provide enough bolts to do the whole house. So I sent my wife to Ace Hardware in Pompo
to give whatever. Whatever screws she could so I could finish the job. Oh, God. We were
lucky because we managed to get enough screws to get the rest of my shutters up. But while
she was in line waiting for her screws, getting checked out for almost an hour and all
far cut in front of her when I was waiting, he held up a box of screws and a $5 bill.
He said, I don't have time to wait. Just take this $5 for these screws. The cashier
politely explained she couldn't do that because he was cutting in front and in addition
she had to scan the item. He went nuts and started yelling, I'm blind for Christ's sake.
This is a comforting thought since he drove his car to Ace. She explained again, sir,
I'm sorry, but you have to wait in line like everyone else. He then screamed at her to
just forget it through the box of screws and the $5 bill at her, stormed out to his car,
maybe it's got a braille steering wheel, riding the whole way. I guess he showed her,
typical South Florida Schmidt. In case you're wondering, one of the other case years we'd
over and say the $5 bill for himself. All right, go go and Pally. How do you like
that? Typical South Florida story. All the nastyness, all the hostility you can ever
want and then some. $5.670, $5.60 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line.
WQA and hello. Hello QA. Yes, sir. Hey, what's happening? What can we do for you, Pally?
Yeah, man. I want to talk to Neil, man. You're speaking to him. Neil, what's going on,
dude? Same stuff. Yeah. How come you're getting caught with seeds, man? You live in the 80s,
bro. Why? I'm sorry. Who's this? George. George. Yeah. Yeah, man. Get a life, man. $5.670,
$5.60, $5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Well, hey, listen, I'm sure he had plenty of
time to do that over the weekend, okay? Probably light up the newspaper. Which of these best
describes your Francis experience? And we're not talking about Arlene Francis either. Aggravating
hundreds of others. You've still got quite a circulation showing up here. Colesfront company.
That's what they told Bubby. He's still got pretty good circulation. We've accelerated
off to the Northeast a bit, but for now, we still have quite a bit of rain across much
of the deep South from Alabama through the Carolinas and northward, even into the central
Appalachians. Tornado watch. Also, new one. Just issued from the Storm Prediction Center.
Oh, my God. The Storm Prediction Center. Take a look at some of the rain totals we've seen.
These are Coral Springs. I'd love them to have inches. Florida. Look at Coral Springs.
Almost 11.5 inches there. You're wanting to do it at 9.99 inches. Almost 10.5 inches.
So, of course, we all know what goes on. Wait on them. So, why don't you, River? Don't we?
Go to QA and hello. Rain totals. Yes, sir.
Hey, Kagan, I'm pleased to see you. You're on right now. It's you. Hey, Neal, what's
going on, buddy? How are you? Hey, just the hurricane. It informed South of the
equator. Just know if the storm stopped at a 10 degree latitude line. Just to let you know
about that. Just think South of the equator. Okay. The opposite direction there. So, just
give you a little thing on that. But with these meteorologists, I don't think they're
advantage to news reports because on Channel 4, they were carrots. They must have covered
the surface. They were chasing the surfer for about an hour, an hour and a half. Right.
And then the dump blonde broaders on their bagging people, if you know where he's at.
But this guy was going to surf and let him die. He gets the car. Exactly. I wish he
would have drowned. And to me, he took up all of that time from all of the coast guard
was out there and all these rescue crews. What kind of crap is that? What kind of a lunatic
is this? It was better than Bill. Yeah. Yeah. Too bad that Bill and Brian were in there
trying to get him out of there. 5.670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singular
wireless line. These people obviously have been having a really good time over the weekend.
Like I said, we should probably change some of the choices on the pool. It was an
outstanding. Dominic Q.A. him. Hello. Yeah. Is this Neil? Yes, sir. Neil, I have a theory.
I think that the weather champ is often by the Republican Party because they're spreading
fear around just like George Bush. What do you think about that? Okay. Well, I'll check
into it. Pally will have it. We'll get a committee together. We'll have Henry Kissinger in
charge of it. Now, look at that. She's showing a weather track. And she's showing the same
exact one I was telling you before. South of Cuba. South of the Western Part of Cuba going
in the nowhere. Well, I mean, we won't say nowhere near us, but not that close is what
she's showing there. I'm seeing in. What's your name? All right.
Tina Robinson. No, no. Yeah. Oh, brother. She's pretty good at whoever this one is.
She's okay. Not great. She's all right. She's marginally credible. So anybody that's
giving you a song and a dance about how we're going to take another direct hit with Ivan
and it's common. I mean, it's possible. See, that's the thing. Anything is possible.
Obviously, we're talking about a science that is extremely imprecise. I mean, forget
about hurricanes, just the average ordinary day-to-day weather in a lot of places. From one
day to the next, they haven't got a clue. But the idea that these things are 100% accurate,
we all understand that. But at least, don't keep trying to bring it back. Don't keep
waving at magic hand there with your illustrator and keep trying to bring it back alive. Okay,
so it was scum, but on your feed, on my feed, something on this SN. That's right. I think
I pinned a meter on it, though, when I was screaming at the young. I think I did. I think
I pushed this thing to the edge. Anyway, if you're on the Atkins, if you're fat as a cow
and you're on the edge, if you're on the South Beach, your bus is running low-carb,
for sure, if we dive, head forward to the lights of West Boker. For years, the lights
has helped thousands of low-carb divers. It's either weight loss goals. And now, the lights
of West Boker celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts of up to 50% off on low-carb
products, like carbolite, pure delight, carbsense, and lots more. And as the anniversary is super
special, you can say right now, half off on all the Atkins, brand foods and supplements. Don't
forget the great selection of lights of low-carb acre items like cheesecakes, breads, rolls,
and brownies. And as always, you can try anything to store before you buy it. Their staff
knows low-carb dieting inside and out the lights is open daily 10 to 10. And don't forget
their guaranteed lowest-priced policy on all Atkins, carbolite, and pure delight products
because the lights of West Boker will not be undersold. You'll find them on the Northeast
corner of Glades in 441, next to Boston Market, or column full free at 1-877 Low-Carb, that's
with a W-L-O-W-C-A-R-B around the way with slowcarb.com. Don't forget the lights of West
Boker's your official Atkins retail center. I wanted to give you the real thing here
now.
I can't hold my little bird. I got none of it. That's how I get that. I kiss Madonna. Oh, baby,
baby, ooh, I pop a few chords. And now it's so dark. I suck and scared ya. Oh, my God.
18560 WQM. Did we ever get that story on there about the FCC finding CDS?
Uh-oh, not doing that. I'm not doing anything. What is it? Uh-oh, thank you, Josh, for the 30-clock.
What is it? Let me smack a few things here, okay? Uh-oh.
Love my bird.
Are you back? Yeah, I hear you. Here we go.
Is it in the line? Is it in the abort? No, it's actually coming from your feed. That's why I keep turning it off.
No, I understand that, but I'm seeing what happens. The board just pens and it just goes crazy over here.
And I was like, I even tried the other microphone, the guest mic, which I have a guest mic in front of my window,
which sure there's no way anybody could be there. But it looks pretty impressive. Well, at least, you know,
it fits right in with the ambiance at the last couple of days. Now, I sure hope this ain't like some permanent kind of crap, you think?
You never know. I think we're being like invaders. I think we're being censored by the,
because it's getting too close. It's eight weeks from today's election time. I wouldn't doubt it.
Speaking of that, so I'd better read fast some of these stories. Two former Vietnam prisoners of war,
who appear in ads attacking Democratic prisoners, who are candidate John Kerry, were appointed by the Bush administration,
who are panel advising the Department of Veterans Affairs. I guess it's just a coincidence, wouldn't you think?
The former POWs in the ad, Kenneth Cordier and Paul Galante, serve on the VA's 12-member former POW advisory committee,
VA Secretary Anthony Principia appointed Cordier in 2002, and Galante in 2003.
Cordier said the VA panel has nothing to do with the Bush campaign or the anti-kery group.
It was totally apolitical, and we meet twice a year to bring the secretary's attention, problems from around the country and VA hospital, he said.
Cordier and Galante appear in the anti-kery ads saying that Vietnamese captors used news event that were protested,
such as ones that carry organized a ton of prisoners. Cordier was also a member of a Bush campaign veterans committee,
but quit earlier this month after that rule was revealed after they outed him and we found out it was an inside deal.
Just amazing how many stupid people, I mean it's so obvious, it's like looking through a panaglass that this is all a setup deal,
but the Bush against those 527s, he's not going to renounce what they said, but he's against those 527s.
Is it he could count that high?
567-05
It's happened again! Where did he go this time? I don't know man!
We'll play that one again. I can do that, I can do that.
You can play beatbox.
Absolutely correction!
You're like a soap opera.
BYE BYE BYE!
Unless you want to, I'll be glad to leave now. It's in this board, we're going to have to get some technical assistance in here I guess.
Go get the concierge or something.
He'll take care of it.
Now let me just see.
Uh oh.
He's playing beatbox all day.
I'm dying out of here.
Oh!
What can you rap to it at least?
Oh I got nothing on that.
Keep hearing it.
Oh!
Well, we'll play the music, Grant.
You should have this on video if you were showing all that.
Let's push all the buttons and see what happens.
I'm radioing.
You're making me feel it.
I get scratching.
Oh, that did.
It worked.
That's why I just did.
I just potted on the counter here.
It worked like a charm.
Fantastic.
That don't mean it's going to last.
Yeah, I just went like, I better not do it again.
Well, this is exciting.
Something we can kill last 35 minutes like this.
It's probably better than most of what these people are watching
and listening to over the weekend.
We apologize profusely.
What do you think that is?
It's definitely in these two mic pods.
What'd you do to fake it?
I just pounded on a counter here.
What are you fondly?
Yeah, I just pounded on it.
Sometimes that's what it takes.
Here's the poor result.
And I probably get interrupted midstream.
Because I'm a little bit nervous about this thing.
Don't be scared.
No, it's in my board.
I mean, we haven't had any technical problems on this ending
like what's almost three years now?
Pretty dang close.
Need some maintenance.
Just a matter of time.
That's right.
We probably have to get those...
Ah, see.
Oh.
There you go.
Now that's straightened it out.
All I got to do is pound on a counter a little bit.
That means something's loose, probably.
You think?
Maybe.
I think it would be good idea to leave it this way a couple of weeks.
Anyway, which time?
Which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience?
We got 524 votes on a pool.
Aggravating 128 like his last hour is today.
Voring 97, Ponderous 90, Sturcrazy 54,
No big deal 51, Lucky 41,
Cosly 28, Unnightmares.
Just keep fighting.
Ah!
Music
Music
Music
916,
Puking, Ducing 11,
and total is asked to rate 524 votes.
I can't just...
Ah, see.
I can't just rate.
I can't just rate.
I can't just rate.
Music
There you go.
Well, I'll just talk first.
That's okay.
I'm really getting the advantage of it.
How good of you, Frank, at a time.
We got to go to break anyways, right?
We got to go to a break.
Why, yeah, but I got to do a spot.
Let's see if I can stay under in a break, okay?
As a matter of fact,
Boy, I might have to go to a couple of extra seconds.
I'm not going to say anything because I don't want to set that thing off.
Because I have a special dry concept spot.
But I hope I have here that actually...
Yeah, here it is.
Because of the hurricane.
Dry concepts has long helped keep your carpets clean and healthy.
Now they stand by to help you return your house to normal
if you've sustained water damage from hurricane Francis.
They've made arrangements to be a staging area
for water damage restoration services.
Help of me arriving if needed from several northern states
within abundance of equipment to help with the restoration process.
Like I said, if you need help, first try the main number.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
If you can't get through on that number, try 9-5-4-214-6924 or 9-5-4-44-4-9276 or 9-5-4-214-2469-23.
Again, if you've got water damage from hurricane Francis,
dry concepts is on code help restore your home back to its normal state.
That main toll free number is 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You can add this to the list of your number on 566-8-Q-A-A-R.
Two years later and say it took me a little while.
Hello slow learner.
But Neil, I apologize.
It's radio.
You are the truth.
Absolutely.
I'm dying of a hit.
There's a bio that I've written.
Called my life.
About what I'll stay.
Soon Hillary will be better.
Ten million.
That's what they paid.
There's a chapter on my impeachment.
And the heavy in turn.
I'll point in the hall.
I got busted for my cheating.
Oh boy.
In my life I wrote it all.
And besides my skykey lovers.
There's some crap in there.
Now my policies.
But those pages won't get noticed.
So just think of them as a waste of trees.
Still I hope you go and buy yourself a copy.
So I can sell more than Hillary.
Then you can read about her girls fat and sobbing.
You mean about pretty fleeting dating?
For smile, laugh and green edge gee.
For smile, laugh and gray bucks and grey bucks.
For smile, laugh and grey bucks and grey bucks.
Girl, light me up!
122 sentiment has that sound, right?
It sound okay.
I'm afraid to talk too loud or fart or anything at all.
You definitely can't do that.
No.
See?
It's banging away.
Okay.
See?
I farted and that's what did it.
You're right.
There's a loose, there's something loose in there.
Loose is a goose.
But the good news is that it comes back.
So obviously it's just like nothing major.
And of course as far as the 360, that's working.
Rock solid.
Just fine.
Everything else too.
So it's only the microphone plus you want to hear me anyway, right?
Nobody.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 only for rise and wireless and singular wireless lines.
WQAM, hello.
There's just like nothing major.
And of course you're right.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm up here.
Speaking.
Hello, how are you?
Great.
The way thing that I have, as you know, they always say,
go get all your supplies on Thursday and Wednesday and get the food and get your dot.
Then yesterday I wanted the news and it's all about fault because it was panic buying.
That's why we don't have any dot.
It was panic buying after they put you into a panic, that's right.
Yeah.
They caused it now that we're blaming it on us.
The only other thing we have is tomorrow I think we need to do a poll is the most moronic reporting out there.
One of the girls had a fan bag on her foot.
The other one that's floating down the side of the top.
Lovely.
Okay, thanks for the good news, Valley.
Got it.
And get a new ball.
Get a new ball.
Get a new board.
What?
Get a new board.
No, why don't we get a new board?
There's like a little something that maybe it's going out.
I don't know.
What do I know, Tech-Throw?
I think we'll probably have to have the engineer come in here like in the morning.
Yes.
Make arrangements after the show.
Don't go anywhere.
I beg your pardon?
Don't go anywhere at two o'clock.
What does that mean?
Meaning, expect a phone call at two o'clock and thirty seconds.
And we'll make arrangements for the engineer coming here before the show tomorrow.
We're going to make sure that everything gets up.
Otherwise, Georgia is going to have to do the show tomorrow.
And he don't want to do that.
Why not?
He prefers when you do the show.
WQA, hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, listen.
Candle is washing away the stomachs here already.
It's pulling to the legical stomach and everything.
That's where you have it finally.
We'll get the VM.
Yeah, there must be it.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, thanks for the good news, Pally.
I didn't realize it.
WQA, QAM, hello.
Yeah.
See?
That was it.
That caller put us over the edge.
One moment, please.
Ah!
There we go.
What?
Sports week.
What are you vambling about?
What?
I don't know.
I hear somebody over there vambling.
I don't know.
Interference.
Where was that coming from?
That was coming from the DCS that was in Q.
Sorry.
I see.
Don't do it again.
That's the mic.
Don't do it again.
I won't do it again.
5, 6, 7, 8, and if we ought to have an office pool now, see how many more times between now and two o'clock this thing crafts out?
But third, man.
Yeah, we'll see.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's a long time, listen.
I just came from the West Coast.
Say, what happened to our channel service, Jackie Johnson?
She's long gone.
What happened to her, do you know?
Did she go to New York?
I have.
L.A.
She went to L.A.
I'm sorry.
L.A.
What the L.A.
You never come back, huh?
No, I'm not.
I think Channel 7 sucks anyway, but you know, that's irrelevant.
No, you got to check out the new chick.
Who's that?
I don't know her name, but I saw her on the TV.
Oh, yeah.
Is she good?
So far.
I was taking this.
She looks just about as good as Jackie, okay?
No, a little bit.
She's for itself.
A little better.
She's not good.
I look every right.
My star.
She's a lightweight.
Anyway, here's to the eye.
I still say what's your name?
This is Robinson.
They're on Channel 6.
Katrina.
He does a good job.
Which of these best describes?
Ah!
Ah!
Quick!
Ah!
There you go.
I think I fixed it.
You know how I fixed it?
No, I just banged the boards from underneath it.
The whole board just almost popped right out of the socket here.
Oh, I did it.
You think so?
Yeah.
Where are you so much better?
What do you mean by that?
There's no humming in the background.
Would there were still humming before?
No.
Schmuck.
So by the way, anybody wants to give geography lessons to Miguel about Cuba?
I think.
Where this is.
And that was pretty embarrassing.
I mean, this is our opinion embarrassing too, but for different reasons.
W.A.
and Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, just.
Oh, there we go again.
You think about it.
See you, honey?
Yeah, go ahead.
You think by a North Cross with hilarious, you should have seen it with the sound turned off.
We were at a restaurant watching them gesturing with his arms.
You know, you have those cones.
He had a wound.
It went from Hurricane Ivan to Venezuela to South Carolina.
That hurricane was going to hit anywhere.
And he was gesturing and pulling his arms in like he was trying to squeeze something out of the hilarious.
I'm glad you enjoyed it, Paley.
Have a great day.
We're having a little bit of a rough technical time here, but then that's the QMF and Wayman.
Why the hell shouldn't we, huh?
Those are the terror audiences used to.
In fact, I think they enjoyed.
There's no extra charge.
Nobody QA him.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, man.
I got a funny story for you yesterday.
I was in the Popeye's chicken.
I think it was in Okotobi or South Bay.
I'm going to arm fit like that.
And the power went out, man.
And you want to talk about people going crazy quick.
It's dark in there.
Bad, man.
I heard it's usually dark in Popeyes is what I'm hearing.
Haven't you heard that?
5, 6, 7.
Are we still on?
But we're on 0560 and the pound 560 for our Verizon wireless and singular wireless customers out there.
This is just, now, maybe this last time was the charm, you think?
Yeah.
This is about the longest it stayed on since we've been having these technical difficulties.
Huh?
Maybe there was just something to lose in there in the last time I like jared it.
So if I don't breathe, hold your breath.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, that's what a shout out like right there.
Yeah, well, we could just put him on the rest of the half hour.
I can get down line here.
Go to lunch.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, ah.
Oh, see that.
Are you going to get a new tooth there, buddy?
Ah.
Oh, that's what it is.
That collar.
Okay, everybody just relax.
Okay, things are going to be just fine.
I think this signals the end of the world or something like that.
Not that we want to close any panic.
I think Vokamah.
Getting back at you.
I think this is probably sabotage.
If you ask me, the weather people fighting back.
The world seems a meal Roger.
It's the rest of the world on 5.60.
It's the same thing as you, A.M.
I urge everyone to complain to the statistician.
I join the night's party.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right wing policy.
So that it won't be common for me.
So I went to the night's party.
Convention held in the Empire State.
For 9.11, thank the Saudis, give their hands a shake.
And dance on the grave.
I'm reading.
Mine comes now.
The bush doctrine as well.
You see you be with anyone.
And you can't thank for yourselves.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
The bush doctrine as well.
The entertainment at the night's party was appropriately Christian and white.
There was David Duke and Clear channeled a grouply green wood until the green teeth keys.
I'm watching.
All righty now.
And then culture as well.
If you don't believe what she's the only one that you should die go to hell.
Wrong solid.
Okay, let's see how this sounds.
Any good?
145.65.60 W.M. How we doing?
Well, except for you, you know, it sounds good.
What do you mean by that?
You know, your voice.
Except for the fact that it's made well.
Right.
You're right.
Bad news from Iraq.
13 US troops have been killed in Iraq since yesterday.
US military officials said bring in the number of American deaths in the war so far to 999.
Six soldiers and submarines were killed in the fighting.
Latest death came this morning when a soldier from the US Army's 89th military police brigade was killed.
As the patrol came under attack in Western Baghdad, another soldier was killed in a rocket propelled grenade.
A attack in Baghdad, Saudi city.
Meanwhile, Iraqi police said to a Italian woman and three Iraqis were abducted by kidnappers dressed as Iraqi National Guard members.
An Italian intelligence source said the woman worked for the humanitarian organization Abridge for Baghdad.
I thought it was all over with.
I thought everything we, a mission was accomplished.
I thought everything was going pretty well.
Wait a year this story.
If I don't get to chopped off by our technical problems, probably will.
Why do you say that?
Look how long we've been going here now.
There's no problem at all.
You're right.
It's been a good minute.
Is it?
Get that clock ticking.
Do we have that thing in here?
I wonder if I have it in my DCS.
Tick.
Huh?
Yeah, here it is.
So let's see how long we can keep this thing going.
Anyway, in Kevin Dyke's mind, the future is yellow.
Dyke Industries, a company Kevin and his wife Sandra bought five years ago, has developed.
Wait till Josh Beckett hears this.
They've developed synthetic urine for the research industry.
Yeah.
True story.
One of their first customers is the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
which made a big purchase to the summers, hinted it could be a major buyer looking along the future.
Other research institutions, laboratories, also looking at a diet-a-taste product called Surin.
Not urine, but Surin.
You're in with an S.
We've been very blessed with this said Dyke, who handles finances and marketing for three-person companies,
who have been a screen talk to way at a suburban Kansas City office park.
It was pretty discouraging until about a year ago, while the business plan might not...
Oh, god damn.
The business plan might induce stifled giggles, synthetic urine is a very serious matter in the lab industry.
Researchers drug testing labs and other institutions by thousands of gallons of the real stuff,
mostly to calibrate the equipment used to test regular urine samples for drugs or other sentences.
In fact, this would be a great idea for all of you athletes and others left undergo drug tests.
Instead of submitting the real thing, just give them some of this good stuff, right? Surin.
Pass it off as urine, but it's really Surin.
They said in the next few years, synthetic urine will replace human urine in laboratories.
If you end up with something like Surin that's very stable, easy to maintain,
you're going to do that because that's one of your savers.
Because regular urine like does nasty things, it smells, it foams,
donors must be screened carefully for drug use in disease.
Also, different body chemistry guarantees that no two people urine is exactly like,
an irritation for researchers who rely on consistency, so I don't like their apples.
So what are the odds that we're going to get through the last 12 minutes of the show without one more,
at least one or two more problems on this thing, huh?
See, I don't know anything about these microphones, they go through amplifiers or I don't have no clue about that.
It must be separate from the rest of the board, because the rest of the board is rock solid.
See? And that doesn't even go out.
In fact, I'll even give you a little bonus.
Now it's in stereo. How does this mic sound? Does that sound like any better?
Worst? What does it sound like?
Well, there's two of you. And now, like in stereo together again,
just in case one of them might go out, that's the guest mic, but that was also doing the same thing.
It's too bad it was only three that could hear that.
Huh?
It's the only three that could hear the stereo.
Why is that?
It's not stereo, but it's like a very special effect.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line. I think we'll make it.
WDQA and hello.
Hi, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, I like to turn into Channel 4 and all the stations on the weather and all that all weekend.
And you know, I kind of learned something out of the whole thing as far as the broadcasters and the reporters.
That being the Alps on Shine, Eat Rock Solid.
Yeah, he is rock solid.
Yeah.
Okay, good one.
And he was really rock solid at the Floridian.
It must have been laughing the ranch off at him, you know what?
Oh, here he comes to try to make up for the last embarrassment of his.
And I'll take all the credit for that.
Yeah, good.
I was the one guy that has fingered him.
Oh, I guess I can't say that.
I can't say so.
56670560,
pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how's your thing?
Both campuses here in his little lives.
Keep with the weather.
I thought he did okay.
I thought your roads did okay.
They brought out everybody.
They had the janitor on.
They were okay.
I thought, look, they called you.
Did they call you to do it?
No, they did not as a matter of fact.
They were the only ones who didn't.
I'm surprised.
Yeah.
All right, thanks a lot, Palli.
Bill Campo was good.
You see him?
Nope.
Because usually he's, I mean, you know, he's a good guy, but he's not usually the most
articulate guy that ever came down to fight, but he did a very fine job.
And Blockhead was good on there.
I mean, you know, you got to get credit for the people who put enormous numbers of
hours on there who were coherent and weren't hysterical.
And just, you know, kept people company because there wasn't anything else to do.
At least if you had the power, you had the TV going.
But the hysteria mind was out there, a pox on them, especially Miss Kamal.
151.
Now you think we can get to the spot?
We can try.
Okay, I'll give him my best shot.
If you bitch.
Absolutely.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to the Dhamma people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time at Crescent Nation and the only one that's growing now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there to send them to right.
Queen is drilling it over and over it to our heads.
Daddy rag has some weapons of past destruction.
3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after sedan to play Kato Samma.
There's no longer mention of her name in London.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the Dhamma manipulation and the right.
Queen is drilling it over and over it to our heads.
Daddy rag has some weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass drop is same.
I have nothing to hide.
Table, pockets, all are saved.
I know Bedean cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Older shoes must fall and out of virgin and stoke with no objection at all.
Family craft don't have the balls, amma.
Right, Queen is drilling it over and over it to our brain wash pants.
I rag has some weapons of past destruction.
I rag has some weapons of past destruction.
What do you think?
Make it go to a clock or what?
For sure.
Even you guys could like whistle the tuner something for a minute and a half.
Anyway, we got the mad dog.
You manage it too coming up all along my schedule here.
It's two days of September 7th and it still says...
Moe Howard Davided for the still on suspension and maybe vacationing Hank Goldberg.
Anybody illuminate us on that?
The illuminati?
No.
No, we don't know what's going on.
Marlon's on decades, it's 30.
The mess in town, it played him on 7.05.
It's a gimmie.
The mess in just rolling over and then he came after the baseball game.
When you say that, that's an accurate assessment?
Yes.
Next to last night in a row, they're on a way to break their all-time team record.
Marlon's to be more than happy to give them an assist.
Well, I think we managed to fake our way through.
Otherwise, probably shouldn't count my chickens before they hatch, right?
Right.
I don't want to do that.
45, 40 seconds to go.
And of course, maybe if the engineers that come up can't fix all of these things,
maybe Georgia will be on tomorrow.
Could be.
And Wednesday?
Tomorrow's Wednesday, right?
I'm thinking Thursday we should have this fixed as we were early.
We got that Marlon game on, right?
I think Thursday will be A.O.K.
Bye, bye, bye!
