Go back to New York, you want plastic?
I ain't gonna work if no more.
I've got enough of all the premises where it ends at home.
Yeah, I'm getting tired of getting money away.
You know the Christian or Prince Mars.
You could take your college, show me.
Oh, I ain't gonna work if no more.
When I was a Christian, soldier of God, believer of these years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures written by queers.
Catch me to these powerful God in an unknown way than a mighty way.
Accepted by the living when he must have been gone on a bus.
And all the day he was taken out and show it.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
Welcome.
Well, that you're all right.
If you're with us, because everybody else is wrong.
I'm getting tired of wanting people back to the name of this visible art.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
I ain't work if no more.
All right, 1041.
What does this sound good or what now?
We got this new piece of equipment in here.
Sounds great.
What a sound.
What a sound.
What a sound.
Wow.
Give it a scream.
I'm sitting in the station.
I'm sitting there pushing it towards the limits.
Anyway, yesterday's pull, man, this wasn't a record.
I don't think it was, but maybe in the post-Aleon era it was.
Right.
It's not a 317 votes, not too shamby, man.
The election is five weeks away from yesterday, which applies to you.
I'm voting rock solid for Kerry.
Rock solid.
1630.70.3%.
How do you like that?
Let's only let our audience vote.
I'm voting rock solid for Bush.
Rock solid.
268.
11.5%.
People who just don't get it.
I'm leaning to Kerry, 111.
And you know what's that nice tan he's got now?
Yeah.
Just that couple days after I talked about how pasty looked at all the color in his face and they
gave him that tan in a bottle.
Both of them.
What has surfant been doing?
Leaning to Kerry, 111.
I don't give a shmit, 85.
I'm leaning to Bush 70.
In other words, leaning as far to the right as you can without falling down yet.
I'm not eligible to vote 57.
Two young, two illegal like George, two stupid.
I'm voting for a native 50 down to 2.1%.
Which goes to show you if you threaten the native people with violence, they say, oh yeah,
well, we're not doing that.
And I'm not voting period 46.1.9%.
Pretty palky of people not voting.
And this crowd anyway.
Because this crowd cares, am I right?
There you go.
And the ones who don't care, they're long grown anyway.
They're busy trying to find some more lesbians.
Well, speaking of a fighting something, Ashley Judd is on our beaten curtain today.
And if John Ascroft don't get you doing something.
Like pulling your files out.
So you thought I was going to say something?
I didn't.
I was all worried.
What?
I'm pretty good with John.
Yeah.
Anyway, she was born April 19, 1968 that makes her 36.
Spud?
And she was born in Grenada Hills, there's a Grenada.
I would think in California to be.
I don't know how they said.
Something called Hills, California.
David Robertson, hero, how do you like that?
Well, I thought she had better taste than that.
Anyway, her filmography, do you love Lee?
Remember that?
It's the Lion Fuller.
It's the lovely, remember that?
No, I don't either.
Twisted, Frida, divine secrets of the Yaya sisterhood.
High crimes.
What?
That's the funny name.
Yeah, the Yaya sisterhood.
High crimes.
High crimes.
High crimes, someone like you, the Ryan interview,
where the heart is, our friend Martin.
Well, that must be the Martin that's on the passions now.
Who looks so much better without that pasty wig and a big nose from 100 years ago.
Double Jeopardy.
Well, I need to find out on passions is the Alistair Ukraine.
Is that the original one that was on the show?
Is that why they didn't show his face for like last two years?
Alistair Cook.
Alistair Cook, Crane.
I had to be holder.
Simon Birch, I like the other one better.
Kiss the girls.
The locust, normal life, a time to kill, normal Jean and Marilyn,
heat, smoke, schmutz, natural born, poor and cutters.
She's been in a lot of stuff.
Everybody knows Ashley.
Judd, what am I wasting all my time with that for?
Well, we got important fish to fry, right?
Right, she's the hot jug.
She's a fine.
She'll do just fine as opposed to like what's his name.
What's that, the other jug, the actor?
Judd Nelson.
Oh, Judd Nelson.
Ooh, I get the williest thing I've ever had about him.
He's got kind of like a strange, the other.
Judd Hersh is a good actor though.
Yes he is.
He never saw a free train.
Okay, Kitty Kelly is a great authorist.
I don't forget to read that.
Kitty Kelly said.
Oh yeah.
From her book to family, the real story of the bush,
Dynastie, or the Brits say, Dynasty.
Why do they say that?
Because they're constipated because they're much of soy's fools
because they still, oh, and all the big flat-out
about how Prince Harry is only making a few pounds in the military.
Oh, let's have a collection.
Let's take up an offering for Prince Harry, huh?
For a baby.
I'm so sick and tired of them, Brits.
In fact, I think that's the reason for all the problems in the world.
Other ones that drove everybody to do whatever,
whatever neuroses they have today,
it's because of the Brits.
Well, before we just have better to do the break.
Have we got to do both breaks?
No, you can just go.
What do you mean by that?
You go girl.
Yeah, they played our first spot.
So, go ahead.
So, I can do the dial mattress
and then the other break.
That's right.
Excellent.
Okay.
All right.
So, I can just keep going.
I was going to give a little teaser.
I thought that would be very effective.
And maybe later in a length of listenership would be very effective.
But right away, Christ Cordis, oh no, no, keep going.
Keep going.
All right.
Just picking on you a little bit when you get used to it.
Anyway, here's the deal.
I don't want to read a whole bunch from this book.
I want to read it.
Yes, you'd like to.
But, now, just a couple of pages here.
Teethack, it's good that we got this time together now.
This is in regard to the, um,
Oh, and I'm telling you this.
Talk about a sellout.
Anybody that thinks that John McCain is a real upstanding.
Oh, brother.
He used to be the American hero.
You talk about a guy that has no, no self-respect, no principles whatsoever.
He was on, uh, what's his name?
He was named last night.
Lou Dobbs on CNN.
The certainly not news, not CNN.
And just an absolute sellout.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Mr. McCain.
That's why God's punishing you with all these tumors and your cheeky keeps it puffing up.
Anyway, Kitty Kelly writes,
four days before the South Carolina primary,
the 2GOP candidates meeting Bush and McCain,
met for a naturally televised debate.
They were standing awkwardly next to each other in a studio, and McCain turned to his rival.
George, he said slowly shaking his head with disgust.
The governor played by Godfather rules.
John, he said it's politics.
George, everything isn't politics.
During the debate, McCain did not hold back.
You should be ashamed, he said, castigating Bush for campaigning with a man with malign
McCain's commitment to veterans.
Bush shot back without rage over the end that accused him of flint and style truth-twisting.
Whatever you do, don't equate my integrity and trustworthiness to Bill Clinton, Bush said.
That's about as low of low as you can go into Republican primary.
Morely, any of us at this table cannot perform Bill Clinton.
After the debate, the candidates assembled for a group picture.
George walked over and grasped both McCain's hands in his own.
John, he said, we've got to start running a better campaign.
McCain was incensed by the hypocrisy.
Don't give me that smith he snarled and take your hands off me.
By the time voters went to the polls, the two candidates had come to loathe each other.
Prouncy McCain, 54-41%, George once South Carolina, reestablished himself as the Republican front-right-over-opponent.
He had described his self-righteousness.
The reason why I think a few of those people are still angry at me is because we interfered with the coronation McCain said,
look, Bush and his people will have to live with the legacy of South Carolina, I don't.
In his concession speech, the senator said, I want the presidency in the best way, not the worst way.
He then charged into Michigan and turned Bush's tactics against him,
or running a telephone bank that reminded Catholic voters and George's appearance at the virulently anti-Catholic Bobzones University.
George hid behind the skirts of his Mexican sister-in-law.
Do I support the policy against interracial dating? Of course not.
My own brother, Jed, the great governor of Florida, married a girl from Mexico,
a Colomba, a famous person, plus she's a Catholic.
Not even in a combination of laws and texts, he had considered Mexicans a separate race.
McCain questioned how that response excuse George's favor to speak out against bigotry.
He blasted Bush as a low-road campaigner who would stoop to anything including character assassination to win.
McCain beat George 50.8% to 43 in Michigan.
Hating it in the New York Primer, MRT 72000, George scrappled to make amends to the state's 7.3 million Catholics for his Bobzones appearance.
With Catholics constituting about 45% of the GOP primary turnout,
George would led a New York's John Cardinal O'Connor saying he regretted not condemning the anti-Catholic policies of the fundamentalist school.
He did not apologize, nor did he acknowledge that by accepting the invitation for Bobzones University,
he had legitimized the school's bigotry.
In an editorial called Boy George's Bogus Confession, the New York Daily News criticized him for pandering.
Bush showed he was willing to sacrifice principles for votes they set.
The Democratic National Committee printed up t-shirts for reporters covering the Bush campaign that said,
Bobzones Redemption Tour. Still for George won the New York Primer,
and by super Tuesday, he and Al Gore secured their party's nominations,
their campaigns began in earnest actually political conventions.
George's scorched earth tactics in South Carolina had enraged his critics, especially Larry Flint,
the publisher of Hustler Magazine, who felt that Bush's stand on social abstinence before marriage was the height of hypocrisy.
Bush has pledged to put federal funds into abstinence programs,
further outrage Flint, who argued that such program did not reduce teen sex,
pronouncing Bush a minister's society that pornography hired two investigative reporters to explore every aspect of the governor's sexual past
and October 2000 claimed to have hit paper.
Appearing on CNN's Crossfire, Flint led the George W. Bush had impregnated a woman in the 1970s when he was living at the Chaco Dijon in Houston.
According to Flint, George remains an abortion-tural physician, who purportedly performed the procedure at Houston's 12-Ox Medical Center.
When I said that we had the proof I'm afraid of knowing who the girl was,
eh, knowing who the doctor was that performed the abortion, evidence from girlfriends of hers at the time when we knew about the romance and the subsequent abortion,
the other lady does not want to go public with utter willingness, they don't feel that we're on solid enough legal ground to go with the story.
One of the things that interested us was that this abortion took place before Roe v. Wade, which made it a crime at the time.
Without confirmation from the woman, who Flint said had married an FBI agent, the mainstream press wouldn't touch the story.
Walter Isaacson, form editor of Time Magazine, wouldn't go with it because Larry Flint was involved in Bryan Dorel and assistant-time editor,
even though he had four affidavits from the woman's friends.
You hear that?
I already have four affidavits from the one's friends, they wouldn't touch you, then the story either.
Michael Isacoff of Newsweek said, certainly there was a great deal of circumstantial evidence to support it,
but without the woman herself coming forward to admit that Bush remains to abortion, we couldn't do anything with it.
Richard Gooding of the National Enquirer said that when he interviewed the woman, she did not have an abortion,
she admitted they dated exclusively for six months but said they never had the kind of sex that would get her pregnant.
The story was pursued because of Bush's stand against abortion and it struck to support a human life amendment to the Constitution,
which would overturn Roe v. Wade.
As governor, he signed 18 anti-abortion laws and as a presidential candidate promised to appoint Roe pro-life judges.
Just a little clip from a book that goes on like 600-and-someob pages, Kitty Kelly, the family, or is that the family?
Pretty scary crap, but don't confuse the public with the facts.
It's just amazing to me. I mean, our audience must be very astute, you know?
Yes, we're all the rest of America, or are these polls just bogus?
The polls are bogus.
Because they're record-breaking registration for voters even in a day counting or less,
among many people who speak English, which I was scary and in Cleveland and in Philadelphia,
and it places from coast to coast and put her to post.
And speaking of that, move on or those of you who are members who get their regular emails,
I'm sure you already know about this, but in case you're not, the latest email I got this morning from Adam Rubin.
He's so famous, he even named a sandwich after.
Dear Broward County, move on, member.
Join move on, pack volunteers from across Broward County.
Thursday night at Sheeran John Kerry, you go, John, are we sure like that new tan out of a bottle, baby?
As he takes on George Bush in the first presidential debate and learn what we can do on the ground to help beat Bush.
Or you can't say that.
I sure hope Duff is going to those budget meetings.
Sports!
He hears us say, beat Bush. He'll go nuts.
Thursday, September 30th.
About 30, man.
That's day after tomorrow, last time I checked my calendar.
8 p.m. at the Fort Lauderdale Alhouse.
2861 or Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale, if you can come and start a place you can click on.
If you're not a move on.org member and don't have the email, just go to move on.org and you can also participate.
It says we're kicking off the party at 8 p.m. with an appearance by move on, packs new Broward County lead organizer, Glenna Hurowitz.
Glenn Hurowitz!
Glenn will pay off the plan for beating Bush in Broward County as part of the Leave No Voter Behind Project,
and give party attendees the chance to sign up to lead the charge mobilizing voters in Broward County.
Acted that will gather around the television to cheer on Carrie and be sure to rob an 8 p.m. for the presentation.
With only 34 days left until this election, it is critical that everybody get involved.
It's got a thing if you want to sign up and click this, click that, just click it all over the place.
Got it? Good.
Oh, and, Jet Boyce, your fat ass governor, was appalled yesterday.
You know, when Jimmy Carter said that it's very difficult to believe the floor elections will be held honest and legit,
and they could have the same problems all over again.
And he was appalled after having been such a great respect for our former president Carter
and all the great work he's done after he left office in Yadi-Adi.
And he said, well, we're getting it from all sides now, even a group called move on.orgas existing.
This recent epidemic of hurricanes in Florida is because of global warming.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
Carmen.
That's your fat ass governor that a lot of you people voted for, and you ought to hang your heads in your shame.
Man, oh man.
That is unbelievable.
Figure what else is unbelievable?
Join George and Boca-Brion from 5 to 7 for Happy Hour this afternoon at Treasure Island, located off the plumber with another Wednesday at Treasure Island.
Just north of the 122nd Street exit.
Stop by for prizes and check out this week's feature.
Stephanie Evans.
She's the ping pong champ, right?
Yeah, among other things, yeah.
She'll pop out a few long-talk pong balls.
Anyway, I don't want to get to, you know, he's got those budget meetings.
A lot of stress for the bump, my sir, if he's probably driving over to Grace House right now.
And I want him to know that our good friend, our Toronto Engineer, came this morning about 845, put in that piece of equipment.
And now we feel like, hey, we can really do a show now, you know, without the stress of just waiting for that big,
BAH, BAH, BAH.
Put that thing to go off again, you know.
Well, he's a little bit stressful to be honest with him.
Wouldn't you say, at least on this end, you don't have to worry about it.
Right?
Right as he did.
Here's the poll for today.
Now, I want to thank Sean, who's a little, I don't know, he just hasn't had too many good pool ideas last few months.
But all of a sudden, he redeemed himself.
What do you miss most about the 60s?
And of course, he's got 70s and 80s and 90s and whatever, and about last week.
But so we got several choices on here, which some he gave and some I stuck in there.
Maybe there's some other ones.
What do you miss most about the 60s?
Well, the first one, I wasn't born yet.
They probably will punch out there.
How do you, young people, who still have a long way to live.
Unlike some of the rest of us, we're going to be dead soon.
Here's the choices.
The sex.
Should I put the loose sex?
You're just the sex.
I think they know what you're talking about.
Some of them don't, and never will.
The sex, the drugs, the music, Jack and Bobby, edible fast food.
Now that was Sean, I don't know what he's talking about.
What was the edible fast food in the 60s?
Under the words, it was actually good in those days as opposed to the way it is.
It was?
That's their take.
I'll put it on there just for Sean's sake, but I think it was the same crap we got now.
Democrats with balls, that's definitely.
Democrats with balls.
Three maps of gas stations.
Segregation for all your bigots out there, and hippy chicks.
Oh yeah.
See, some of these like cross over with each other, but never less.
So that's what do you miss most about the 60s?
These are a lot of people, so I wasn't born yet, and then after that, they get lost.
10.56 at 5.60 WQAM.
I've been telling you for a while now why you need to shop at 1-800-Matras, which I've
been doing for a long time, well now I want to tell you even more.
The Outer mattress is proud to carry CLEE Poster-Pedic, the number one brand in mattresses in the universe.
Call 1-800-Matras today, and you get factory direct prices on all CLEE Poster-Pedics.
When you call 1-800-Matras, you'll get same-date delivery all across out Florida,
that calling 1-800-Matras, you choose from the deepest and widest selection of CLEE-Bending
all available for same-date delivery.
And don't forget, you still get to pick the date and tour a window for delivery to fit your schedule when it's
convenient for you and the Outer mattresses on time 99.7% of the time.
The Outer mattress still racked number one in customer satisfaction in the world.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourists of Excellence Award.
All this smart folks are making that call even some who don't have that bright-of-day
upbringing either. They still make it a call because they know even those folks are
where that wasting your time at the vetting department stores is just a tremendous
waste of money too. Call 1-800-Matras and the soonest tonight
it'll be sleeper like a baby for years to come. 1-800-MATTRES
or on the Wicked Web, it's macriss.com.
The Outer mattresses morning's immediate hand was from a clock to fight.
We are...
First, pay back to MRAW!
I'm going to crack a city, crack a city, old Hanzo.
I'm going to crack a city, crack a city, old Hanzo.
They got a lot of bad contestants and where they go. I don't know.
Where the God sees the world and He shakers every color of all greens
and hookers I know begin. I'm going to crack a city, crack a city, old Hanzo.
They got a lot of bad contestants and where they go. I don't know.
Where the God sees the world and He shakers every color of all greens
and where they go. I'm going to crack a city, crack a city, old Hanzo.
They got a lot of bad contestants and where they go. I don't know.
What was all of it?
Let's go to a 560 WQM Happy Wednesday 2. Even on that bullet train yet, I hear it's a hoot.
Yeah, that was...
What's the whole end of it?
I was there in the beginning and I had a button in the opposition because I was looking and I was re-booting and re-tooting and hooting and the hollering and wondering how come that new pole isn't up there yet?
What do you pull?
What did I just got re-denied about? What do you miss most about the 60s?
No, I don't know. I don't remember you re-denied.
The one that I faxed Eric last night that I was expecting fully with him right now.
I don't know. We're just...
There's just something about it.
We just can't quite seem to be able to get everything in gear. I don't know. It gets synchronized.
We got this great new piece of equipment now. This thing sounds really sensational. Almost like a real thing.
Well, just don't beat on this one.
Well, if you'd better hope I do if it starts screwing up again.
I thought it was just me.
You had the new pole up on your thing because I don't mind me picking on poor Eric if it's only me and I haven't re-clicked it.
I got the same old pole.
I got the same old pole and Curie still right ahead. I don't get it.
Anyway, I'm sure he's working on it feverishly right now. I'm going to get stunned. Maybe we'll get the new pole up there.
Reports won't... we probably want to get a few calls in here, right? WQA and he...
Oh, here. I missed about the 60s. I missed the white athletes, man.
I thought it'd be black.
White athletes. Alright, let's get that on there. White athletes, you got it?
I'm going to write it. It's your industrial audit to it when it gets up there.
Yeah, I just make a list of these that you'll add to if and when Eric ever gets the new pole up there.
I'm sure he is very busy now, like Don Pollyoni, so I will leave you now.
Somebody QA in, hello.
You know. Yes, sir.
Hey, what's the house?
What do you think about this or deal now with these? They're going to start to corner back.
You know, these people are tripping.
Don't get to the... don't count your horses before they catch, okay?
Feeder. We got that way down in my pool. Look at that feeder.
We're going to the exposed. We'll get all of those little sports notes, okay?
They're like a footnote to our lives.
What do I think about... first of all, I don't understand. I'm not going to win.
I'm not going to get sucked into that, okay?
They didn't get a real quarterback, another pain in price for it.
Oh, I guess what? We're going to start Feeder again this week.
He's going to be the solution. I don't give it. They could put auto-grain in there.
They could put Dan Moreno back in. John L away. They could bring back Bart's star.
They could dig up whoever the hell they want. And what if the rest of that team wouldn't make any difference at all?
Am I right? Yeah. Yes.
See, even George knows it.
No more dolphin calls till I give you the signal, okay? The signal will be like... like that. When you hear that...
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
That was one stack. Can you hear the way that sounded a click? That was him. WDQAM, hello.
Go, go, go, go, go.
QAM, hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Hi, Frank and you know? Speaking.
Neil, I want to talk about yesterday you brought up George Bush's father.
There's a great book about Prescott Bush.
Auto-biography if you go to Google and put Bush on the right biography. Can I say you need to come on Highlight?
No.
I'm ridden that thing about...
I mean, we had that whole lengthy story about Prescott Bush on our website.
It's bad enough that I read all this stuff. We sure don't want people with all due respect.
So, thank you very much for the answer.
I see it's dolphin time.
No, this is...
Reports warned of violent post-war wreck.
And again, the media should be screaming about this. All they did was as they touched it very lightly.
And then they moved on. Of course, move on.us.
U.S. intelligence agencies warned in two pre-war reports to Prescott Bush and Congress
that an invasion of a rap could increase support for terrorist organizations
and lead their way of violent post-war occupation to U.S. official with access to the class of our documents said yesterday.
The reports were prepared by the NIC, the National Intelligence Council,
senior intelligence analysts who pool assessments from across the nation's 15 intelligence organizations.
American intelligence, I think, is rapidly becoming an oxy moron.
The council reports to the CIA director, that's Porter Misha Goss now.
The official described the contents of the January 2003 documents insisted on anonymity
because they were being classified he wants to stay alive.
Congress, which received the reports of the same time they were presented at the White House early 2003,
had authorized Bush in October 2002 to use military force against Sodom Hussain Regime.
The same month, the council produced a controversial NIC, a National Intelligence estimate
that found a rap could a chemical and biological weapons program and a nuclear weapons program.
This obvious to be reported on the prospects for growing instability in Iraq.
Porter Misha Goss, to find a comment on latest reports,
one focused on year-term risks within Iraq posed by the aftermath of an invasion.
The other assessed mid-the-long-term potential problems with the Middle East
that could be sparked by an invasion occupation.
The primary warning in this report was about unrest among Iraqi factions,
not so much violence directed at the occupying force.
In fact, the intelligence reports that occupying forces would be needed to suppress civil strife.
Oh, I like that.
No, as flowers can be, huh?
Okay, you were just not catching them.
Oh, I see.
By the way, there's a new poll up there right now.
Because the audio just went on on the internet right now.
See, are you kidding me?
In other words, somebody there didn't flip the buttons.
What that's all about?
Yes.
Yeah, somebody there didn't do the thing at 1040 when it was for her, don't.
Well, you know, this is getting really pondered.
This is another example of how we can't do this show and we keep getting screwed over
because we got all these different things that have to be done.
And once certain people are in the right mood, they do it when they're in the wrong mood.
They just don't do it.
Well, it's getting really freaking pondered, if you ask me.
So that's why Iraq couldn't hear it because the internet just went up.
Oh, brother.
I'm talking to this show is rapidly becoming like an afterthought on this radio station.
I was in such a hurry.
We got the engineering here, we put the piece of equipment in, everything is coming along just fine.
Maybe I'll get that other check today and email, maybe not.
But boy, this is getting really freaking pondered, man.
We're like a step-chop, we're like a prisoner to the whim of whoever they're supposed to be flicking it.
And I think they're flicking the wrong thing if you ask me and probably a lot.
Okay, there's the poll on there.
What do you want me to miss?
Okay, that's it.
It wasn't born yet for.
All right.
Here's the facts from Vernon.
I'm so depressed that you told me that that we just went online.
You know, because we had a very close day.
It was half hour after we started.
You know, I type in the little thing, you know, hey, you know, where are you?
How can we have a change to the point?
It's like, oh, is it stirred over?
Hmm, you had no idea.
How do you like that?
Vernon says, just two things I'd like to bring up.
Two things.
What does he say that twice?
Well, it's two things.
Number one, I know you don't listen to 103.5 FM, but they have been playing Republican ads,
which are stating that Democratic Party has been racist and hasn't done anything for Afro-American people.
And that it was Abe Lincoln who freed his slaves, and it was his Republican Party who gave the $400 in income tax loan.
So far, I've heard four different ads on that radio station, each one stating a different reason why Afro-American should vote now for the Republican Party.
Saying what the Democrats have done for Afro-Americans lately.
What have you done for us lately, huh?
Number two, I was watching a talk show last night that there was a voice supporter on.
He basically said that if we don't have a major attack on American soybean food elections, we should vote for George W. Bush,
because it shows he's doing good job protecting us, that if we do have an attack on American soybean food election,
we should rally around the present, we're elect him for another four years.
There you go.
And maybe if we're thinking about having a terrorist attack, then we definitely ought to vote for Bush, right?
Right.
But more importantly, if it says I tend to let this country is going to hell in the hand casket, we all vote several times.
Not good, man.
But here is what he says, how can it get any worse.
There you go.
How could anybody do any worse?
Everywhere you look, the news is bad.
It's grim. It's bleak.
So let's vote for Bush again.
Let's have four more years of hell.
Right.
Now, speaking of that, here's a little bit of good news.
We don't want to be too negative, because we always get accused on the show.
I mean, it's not negative.
He's not negative.
I got news for you.
If you work for this outfit, you might be a little bit negative too.
OK. You come in with a big smile on your face within a half an hour.
You like that?
Your smile is turned to a frown.
Looks like you're back.
Go upside down.
New voters flooding election offices.
Here's some good news of that.
New voters are flooding local election offices with paperwork registering in significantly higher numbers than four years ago.
As attention to the presidential election runs high and in a way of activist groups with group with Voters,
who could prove critical come November the 2.
Cleveland has been seeing nearly twice as many new voters registered so far as compared with 2000.
Philadelphia is having its biggest boom in new voters in 20 years,
and counties are bringing in temporary workers and employees from other agencies to help process all the new registration forms.
Nationwide figures aren't available yet, but anecdotal evidence shows an upswing in many places often urban but some rural.
Some wonder whether the new voters, some of whom sign up at the insistence of workers paid by get off the vote organizations,
will actually make it to the polls election day, but very few dispute the registration boom.
It's boom and over there.
Where Swant said, Bob Lee, who oversees vote registration in Philadelphia,
it seems like everybody in their little group is out there trying to register people.
Some examples from interviews with state and county officials across the country.
You want some?
Well, here they go.
New registered voters in Dade County, a crucial Florida County in 2000,
grew by 65% through the middle of this month compared with 2000.
New registered voters jumped nearly 150% in Cairo,
where county has claimed in Ohio one of the most hard fought states this year.
And that's with some time left until registration deadlines fall beginning in October,
Curtis Gaines, that the committee for the study of the American Electricity,
said a clear national picture won't emerge until more applications are processed next month,
and came Maxwell of the League of Women Voters Caution that some years that promise a boom in new voters
turn out to be does on election day.
The danger is that new voters may not be as committed as showing up at the polls as long time voters.
Turning people out to vote is covering the game the register said Doug Lewis,
who works with local election officials as the head of the election center or nonprofit group.
Rural areas which trend conservative and Republican aren't necessarily reporting the same growth as urban,
more liberal and democratic strongholds.
Brasewes County, Texas hasn't beaten its 2000 numbers so far,
though official set applications are now rolling in.
The state of Oklahoma, however, saw new registrations in July and August increased by 60% compared with four years ago.
Officials in Oklahoma said they had 16,000 new Republican registrations,
15,000 new Democrats, oh, you better go get them, and 3,500 new independence.
In Oregon, where new registrations grew by 4% from January through September 1,
Democrats outredited Republicans 2-1.
And by the way, I don't know why it's not on anybody's website,
but Supreme Court said that Oregon doesn't have to put an 8-Run appellate and they won't.
I just mentioned that.
For some strange reason, you see, you know, if you watch the crawl on CNN or MSNBC,
you watch the crawl on you see, oh, she all wanna read more about that.
Well, guess what?
You can't, because it ain't there.
What is that all about?
Well, they don't wanna pass too much of, like, important news a lot.
You wanna see me, you little registrations.
Ex-illusively.
On 5.60, 8am.
You'll Roger's gone.
In a face that feels just like your bad day, I've been shooting.
It's like a question drive, that dreams they've reached you.
Yeah, it's gonna bring a certain bit better.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you know, they gotta do it just after you're there.
Yeah, yeah.
This is actually a challenge to tell a bad guy.
And he's girls with don't care about it.
That's a tell a bad guy.
And he's gonna tell a bad guy.
And he'll take your back.
And I'll just barely go drive to build with sound.
I wasn't in the mood for all the trouble.
That being a bit of an arse, you know, I used to raise my head like a kid.
You know, my family was when I called you down.
And I playeduate Ghost, C Commander, Cruz Delege, Marla, C Commander.
I am.
So inran andDC actor.
But in the end, you used your head like a boy.
No, no, no.
You fixed your ears, a little hard on nylon.
1119 at 560 WDQM, happy Wednesday 2. Let's see to pull us up now and we have a debate
on whether that screaming was going on or not. The current of the next past. Anyway, what
do you miss most about the 60s? Wasn't born yet 27. You know what percent of Zed is?
It's absurd, man. Democrats with balls 20. The music 12, hippie
610, the 6.8 light athletes for, Jack and Bobby for. Won't see them no more. The drugs
for free maps and castations one. Segregation on edible fast food and I have no idea
what that means edible fast food. Although there was carols. Carols what?
Carols driving, drive through. Kind of like an early, I don't know, before McDonald's
around the same time. Real salty fries. I mean, real, oh, salty. Anyway, here's the fact
is how about a pulse of Justin for tomorrow? Who's your favorite grumpy old coot? Like
Marlon Brando, Bob Dool, H. Wayne Heysig and the Arigis. And your screaming came on
at 10.40 this morning says this factor. So now we have a little bit of a dilema here,
right? Now what can you do? Well my understanding of it is that there's two different things.
We shut everything down during the Stern show as you know. The screaming is one thing and
then the audio actually coming from these studios, aka the Neil Rogers show. That's something
that has to happen in addition to the screaming that the station sends out. What does that
mean? It means bottom line is we could have been screaming but no one could be, it could
have been here in the show. Because when Josh went and told, well then what did he hear?
What did he hear at 10.40? Whatever he knows. What do you know? The filler stuff we have
in, whenever they play breaks and things like that. So we need the facts to clarify. Did
they actually hear the Neil Rogers show? Yeah, we need somebody out there who listens
online to clarify us. When did the Neil Rogers show actually come on online? It's more
not that we think Eric might be lying or that he fell back asleep again or never woke up
in the first place. But his audio recording didn't come on until we sent Josh out to correct
the problem. Yeah. As soon as he said, well who's in charge of that? Who's supposed to throw
that swish? I don't know. What do you mean by that? I guess Robert technically. Robert
Creeper, if we've told him once, we've told him, yeah, a thousand times, he actually
said he did it. So I don't know. He did it. Yeah, I don't believe that. He's been saying
he did it for years. Nobody believes him. No, he doesn't have any proof. No chance. At
any rate, I don't get it. I think it's sabotage you as what it is. Probably that George
Corso or maybe Bob Ramuth is in a building again, you know? Every time he comes in a building,
you know what Duff says? Every time corporate chose of meeting Bob Ramuth, everything falls
apart. That's what Duff always says. Observe us for C-snags in US election. Uh oh. More
your company lies. International observers find potential problems loom for US presidential
election. Next thing you know, move on, that oral pretending to be the reason we had all
those hurricanes is because of global warming, stuff like that, says fat ass governor. He
said that with a straight face yesterday that fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, yours, that so
many of you voted for. And like I said, ought to be whipped for it. Problems loom for
the presidential election, including voting equipment changes that could delay the outcome
past November to the group of international observers said to the end of report. Yes,
he robber creeper. If he doesn't, street get the stream it on in time. That means fewer
people are going to hear our left wing propaganda and knowing what a self-hating
period that he is, right? A right wing piece of crap. That's probably what the whole deal
is. I'm just making the right. They won't hear you screaming. They don't hear
you screaming. Scraver. Right. That's me. Grumpy old cout. I like that. Pull. That's
good. That is a good idea. Five member team from the organization for security and cooperation
in Europe, a 55 state security group invited by the Bush administration also pointed
to problems with voter registration list and provision on absentee balance allegations
of voter intimidation and slow implementation of the Help America vote act. Like the Beatles
said, we need help, baby. Help. In general, Venationwide Repression of Voting Equipment
Inspired by the disputes witnessed during the 2000 elections primarily in Florida, they
potentially become a source of even greater controversy during the forthcoming elections
said he let them page report. Maybe somebody is going to call it and tell us if we were
streaming it on. I bet your line nine knows the answer. QA and hello. Yes, that was
orange hash that said that quote about if you vote for Bush, forget a tact or if we don't
get a tact. That was one of the craziest things I have ever heard about. You don't want
to think about Orman or Orman or enhancing the Mormon without the second in. Exactly. One
thing Eric could do is he could maybe listen to the Orlando Stern station that said that
it's 105.9 O'Rourke and he won't see that. He won't hear that. Can I get a request for
the retarded men's choir of things, great onions, which I'm so sad that was not
that list of other people. We missed a lot on the far away Taliban man today and take
you out of your garden show. You got to mind so much stuff. It's unbelievable. I like
that scrum. So take it easy. Take it easy. There's a good couple Orlando. How do you
like that? Don't be picking on Orlando, both of Ryan. That is a good idea. What's a good
idea? Can play me chart degree nine years? Yeah. I'm going to crack this shit in. Come on
after one quick picking on Orlando. Oh, good. Eric and Eric and I are the local state
of his boyfriend or what? No, actually what can happen is like in the little chat box
that you and the Eric community would each morning. You can always say, you know, just
give him like a little heads up. Oh, Stern just ended. We're on now and if he sees that
and then he'll know that if he can't hear it, that something is wrong and we can send
somebody in to beat the crap out of Robert Greeper. Okay, we'll do that. We can send
him one day freepers to beat the crap out of Greeper. What are you saying? Is Josh
Trude tobacco today? Are you chewing tobacco? I definitely am not. That is the most disgusting
thing. I'll tell you one thing. If he comes in and spits at you, you'll know. Well, he's
better than cup so I was wondering. Maybe he's got one of those tests coming up. Maybe
the Marlin organization wants to know if they want to bring him back next season to work
on those games with Dave and boring. Maybe he has to take a spittle test or maybe Josh
Beckett's got something to do with it. Anyway, if I can get back to this very important
story, it's as many of the new touchscreen machines that will be used by up to 50 million
voters on November 2. Do not produce the paper ballots. Need it for a manual recon
of the votes, which is why what's his name? Bobby Westeros suing in what they finally
said that courts better listen to it because it's outrageous. This may cause post-election
disputes and litigation potentially delaying the announcement of final results. Not again.
They're sprayed or sitting on that curb rocking back and forth with his head in his hands.
Again. Again. Again. Again. Yeah. We don't vassant go through that crap again. I'm
sorry to that right now, which is why all you anti-bush people. You notice I'm not saying
why all you pro-carry people forget about that. That's hopeless. All you anti-bush people
better go out there and vote for a carry several times. I mean, a zillion times. Get dead
people to vote. Get illegal alien people to send their votes in little bottles on their
rubber rafts. Anything you can. So that way I don't have to be subjected. We're another
four years of embarrassment, humiliation, and death all around the world. So that people
don't hate America just like poison. If ever that expression came into play, man, they
hate us like poison. Now is the time. Yeah. On 912, 2001, that day after 911, they
all loved us. They felt for us. They even even the comedy pinkos in China. Everybody.
They loved us. But now there's too much eel wheel and we're not talking North Korea
either, baby. I think we got to blow up Pakistan and Saudi Arabia. By the way, $50 and 10 cents
of barrel for oil, not good news. 26 pound. Thank you, Mr. President for those low gas prices.
26 after 11 at 560 WQA. Guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all
your financing needs. If you're a first time home buyer or refinancing and taking cash
out, they're definitely your best choice. Guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to
excellent customer service, and this is not only their promises they're guaranteed.
Call them today at their toll free number 1-800-734-6616. At Guaranteed mortgage bankers, the
world has to build a lifelong relationship with their customers. They did just that with
a couple of move down from New Jersey. Hadn't started their new jobs yet, but found a
house they loved. The couple had lived in South Florida for more than a week. Had
riddled them on to put down one to close in just 10 days. Guaranteed mortgage brokers
was able to secure the buyer's needs in order to close on time. They were able to get
the 95% financing at an unbelievable rate. Let me say it again. Unbelievable. Of just
5.95%. And listen to this. Guaranteed mortgage bankers since all of its clients on a fabulous
seven-night cruise, it's their way of saying thank you for choosing them. Guaranteed mortgage
bankers no loan is too big or too small, but they have bad credit, good credit, no credit.
They'll work with you to get you to loan you looking for. Guaranteed mortgage bankers
column right now 1-800-734-6616. That's 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers no loan is too big or too small, but they have a good
credit.
1131-29-19. What's the schedule look like today? Same old stuff, thank goodness. Mad Dog
2, the Humberhead 4, 630 Marlins on deck, and the Marlins looked to sweep the expose formally
to my challenge pose, soon to be the DC-something. 705-80KF for the baseball game. Yeah, the
expose or movement of DC is out of surprise. Now, big story though. Big surprise. More
on the internet immediately after Howard Stern today, which means 1040 this morning
of their births. Also, Jeff says I listen online every day to day you came out about 1040.
Not 20, but 1040. Not 50, but 1040. That's not exactly what we thought. That's what
we thought. So, let's get a little crap. Are you pardoned? It must be on his end,
whatever technical food. There's something on his end though, right about 120 pounds
of fat. That's what's on his end. Man, what is going on with that child? You know, I
mean you could have met to West Vegas Slutthinner, whatever one of the first time you were
in the neighborhood.
I mean, he was like chat walking. I think he was doing something that I would chat
with. He could have stayed on air and you had better not. And anyway, I'm thinking
of that.
Speaking of that, fever to start against the jets. How do you like that? Oh my God.
What a bunch of chat. The dolphins will start to feed the recorder back in place of
AJ Touchy Feeley Sunday after they're against the visiting New York jets. Two NFL sources
said yesterday, like it's a big surprise. The dolphins are in need of a state of performance
of position with Feeley throwing five interceptions in the 10 quarters he's played after replacing
Feeley with half time of the season opening lost to Tennessee because they didn't have any
bagels in Tennessee. And Jay was pork talk about it.
Feeley who has a 35 to 17 record is a stardust in store in the dolphins in 2000 at 35 to
2017. Hell they preseason challenge from Lafily off. It was yanked after a trophy. Two
interceptions in the first half against Tennessee. The dolphins enter Sunday's game with the
NFL's 31st ranked offense and they're all in three. You can't get much more offensive
than that. They are in three. So now they stick towards a Feeley winner again throwing
him to the walls again, throwing him into the lions then. And he's got a Chinatown's
chances what I would tell you. Anyway, Major League Baseball, the movie, X-Floor to Washington
is anybody here? No. The people in Montreal care. No. The all those up and nobody lives
in Washington anyway. They care. Major League Baseball announced today that Washington will
be the new home of the Montreal X-Floor. They hit over 5,000 listed in the box score last
night, Josh. That's the beta. Big improvement over the 3200 from the night before. We must
because they run out of time. Won't be long before the last game is played in Montreal.
Do they have another home series? Who would have that who cares? A city let's see bring
back the baseball to Washington for the first time in 33 years since those nasty Washington
senators. See this pool that we're taking today. I'm not sure we want to leave that
thing up there. Maybe we ought to take a poll on AJ Feeley and Pussy Feeley. I felt
looking at him. I think that I see it. Only 28.6% said they weren't born yet. Well that's
not our audience. If only 28% of our audience wasn't born in the 60s, then all the rest of
our audience is gone or else we just don't have any. All the folks like me, old crows,
don't you understand? Like 69 is 35 years ago. Even if we were like, let's say you were
10 years old in 69. That makes you 45 would be now. I'll take your word for it. Right.
So that means that 75% of the audience is over 45. I don't think so. Well who knows? Who cares?
I just maybe the pool will be just fine. Anyway, getting back to the important thing. Montreal
move to Washington. The city is planning its own news conference at downtown Washington
location, hoping that they won't get mugged. I think we'll be in a position where we can
have a celebration tomorrow. Mayor Anthony Williams told WUSATV yesterday the announcement
will come a day before the 33rd anniversary of the Washington senators final game. How's
somebody old Washington senators? Come on, you know him, Josh. Oh yeah. Huh? Gus
Zurniel. Why he played for the Kansas City A's? I think that's Zurniel. Harmon Killabur,
you're gonna say, well, he played for the Minnesota twins, but before the Minnesota twins
would have been a soda twins, what were they? The Washington senators. There you go. What
did they suck? The senators moved to Texas after the 71 season, which is also the last
time a major league team changed cities. Next, you're going to be talking about people
like Norm Sebrida and Jerry Lumpy. Wouldn't you be kind of embarrassed if your name was
Jerry Lumpy? Yeah, I had changed it. You should be taking your dumpy, lumps and your
dumps. Baseballs are looking for new home for the exposed senators. I don't care about
the X-ball. I was about to walk to the senators. All we know is that Marlon's kind of like
sucked wind there last couple of weeks after they gave everybody a little bit of a thrill
there for a while. Wasn't all that bad. They gave it their best shot, right? Yeah. Don't
be picking on a poor Marlon. Yeah, well, you're gonna say, yeah, oh yeah, they're great.
You know, what a great organization. You're gonna say that. You just suck it up again
for next season. Hey, they're the reigning world champions. Yeah, it's raining all right.
Anyway, what do you miss most about the 60s? 201 votes. Say that's pretty good, considering
Eric didn't give his damn thing up there to after a lot of the climb. Hey, we understand
Eric, you're under a lot of stress and pressure. Don't lie to us though. We know you're full
of crap. Can't you just hear the crime? You had a call from Eric by the way? I want to hear
myself. Whoa. He didn't say that. What do you say? Has something you can't say? No, no,
he's like, okay, I just made it all up. Well, I'm glad he admitted that.
For Eric, man, I'm gonna have him in a rubber room by 1230 guaranteed. Uh-huh. Better be a big one.
Wasn't born yet. 26, 27, 20%. See, I think a lot of people are voting on some of these other
things. Like the music, for example, you don't have to have been born in the 60s to love the
music. That is correct. The music like Motown and the Beatles and the Beach Boys. It's stones.
Right. See, we George, it always comes back to something stone. How's that garbage
I've been doing over there? I run a corn next to Chucks. Yeah, I finally noticed where that is.
Yeah, I'm going to point it out to the, you know, they'll give you a little bit of Haitian haircut
in there. Really? Wasn't born yet. 56. What Democrats with balls 38. The music 29, only 29.
The Hippie Chicks, 21. The sex 21, which I see Hippie Chicks in the sex like a little spill over there,
so to speak. Uh-uh. White athletes, 12. Jack and Bobby, 10. The drugs, 10.
Segreation, 3. Free maps of gas stations, 1. Edible fast food. Hey, Sean, I hate to break the
news to you, but it's still got the big one. I don't know what that means. And neither does he. I'm sure.
Edible fast food. When was there ever any edible fast food?
I mean, that doesn't mean that it didn't taste good. That tasted just as good. That was the same.
When did Wendy start? When did they time to start poisoning people? I mean, in my lifetime,
if that's a clue. Yeah. Not in the 60s, the window in the middle of the 60s. McDonald's was.
The late 70s, oh, what is that? That was a real crock. And you had curls like I said. And we had,
I don't know about Burger King. Where they around the 60s or not. Huh? We could Google it.
There was always Burger Queen. Remember her? Him? No. Yeah, you do. We've talked about this a
million times. I don't want to get off on food again. God, I don't want to start with that crap.
You always get off on food. But anyway, when I was 75, I know that because it was the old
Burger Queen in West Palm Beach and it was a place where you had your own fixing bar.
And you get your burger? Yeah. I like what they do with food puckers. Can I say that? No.
How would they do a f***ing crazy? Yeah. We go in and eat your burger.
I don't care what I found it like that. I know for sure there was nothing bad that got on there.
It just was pretty obvious where I was coming from. Okay?
It must be this new piece of the quilt that I better be careful with.
Because everything is so crystal-queer. But Burger Queen used to like put your own,
yeah, I'll go to the thing and put on your own onions and ketchup and mouse turd and relish
and stuff like that. It was okay. Never heard of Burger Queen? No.
Anyway, we'll find out about those things. This is the important things. Nobody cares about
no election and about people dying and about people who can suck into a world based on a bunch of lies
or about all these intelligence reports that warned them about this and that warned them about that.
And so there's going to be nothing but chaos over there. And he comes up with this line about,
well, uh, maybe they were just guessing. And then he had a command and say, well, I used the wrong word.
Maybe they were just estimating. Maybe they were just guessing the same intelligence experts
that told them about those weapons and mass destruction. Yeah, they're just guessing.
Nobody QA and hello. Hey, yeah, I'm on Frank Howard. Frank Moah Howard, David.
Frank Howard, I remember him well. He was a giant in his own time. A huge hero, yeah.
Yeah, Washington Center. Remember there was only 12 teams in baseball. Those were the days.
Those were the days, baby. You bet. You can't go back, don't you?
And let me ask you. All right. You think was Bob Grimm?
Was Bob wire peep off?
There you go. Well, what does done, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't know. What is the done? No.
Anyway, boy, let's, let's talk some baseball. What do you say?
And then we're going to a hockey thing. I'll speak of that.
Yeah. All right. Just I just, I just, one of the, uh, one of the morning papers now that,
because I know nobody in South Florida is getting anything about hockey. There is a guy who started
an organization that's called a website. It's, uh, as the big old would say,
www.fansfightback.com. He's got about a thousand signatures. He wants to collect 200,000
from Pistoff hockey fans who want to like spew at the Gary Bimman and Bob with now.
If the players in the owners and say, we're pissed off and we're not going to take it anymore.
It's www.fansfightback.com.
I'm standing here with no pins. You, you know who I am, sir. Are you moping,
David? Acts, right? Sarah, Steve, Spreening, Selon, Bob, David. We're from the Homeland Security Office.
I'm afraid we can't let you board that plane. You made the terrorist watch list.
Come on. Now see here yet. That's him, Arun. We yet got off calling me a terrorist.
It's all right here. And that's just you.
Dead Kennedy, Captain Steven, the pre-author, the more of a the dowel, the dowel, the Sasoon,
John Lennon, and Old Bitton. You're coming to make me a dowel!
My cute, let's pilot this stuff on it.
They mow!
Celtic, what are you doing here?
I'm going to put down the list.
Why? You know good something yet.
You're going to be able to talk to that.
So I'm going to put down the audience.
You're going to stay here in the back of the train.
What?
All right, wait.
That's not it.
We're not doing a full force.
I'm going to go.
Yeah, but that's not it.
I said open that door.
It's not going to be possible.
Stop!
It's 11.47.13.
It'll be 9.5.60 WQM.
Speaking of that, a man's been arrested after attacking two pilots in a passenger with an axe
on an internal flight in Norway.
The pilots managed to bring the plane to land safely, and then we're taking the hospital
with the injured passenger.
A police prosecutor said the attacker may have boarded with the axe.
Earlier we were starting to have taken them from the plane's emergency equipment.
The plane was on a 20-minute flight between the northern towns of Narvik and Badole
when the attacks were placed.
There were no security controls at Narvik,
R4 today when the plane took off.
But the prosecutor, Bjarket Walla, told the BBC News Online,
no ways due to install improved security measures for internal flights by 2005,
after the new year.
So in the meantime, if you want to attack a plane, go to Norway.
Don't bother us.
Here's a good choice for the pool.
I like that cheap gas.
All right.
In fact, everyone used to have gas wars during the 60s.
And in Kanondgua,
oh, and you know who's still calling the races a finger-like racetrack?
What's Morton?
What a perfect place for him.
What an ego.
What a lack of talent.
R4 and R4.
Yeah.
Well, I sure hope I hope he's not still doing Gulf Stream.
I don't know.
Ross Morton, a man who's got an ego decided,
he makes more look like Mr. Monesty.
Keep gas.
You got that on there?
I got it on it.
We used to have gas wars at one time they had gas for 10 cents a gallon.
The people were lined up like 80s, 80 miles deep.
Finger Lakes racetrack with the obnoxious Ross Morton.
The only worse race called it in America is,
what's the guy's name from Churchill Downs used to be?
Mike Bataglia.
Who for the lead?
The tagley's the first.
Mike Bataglia, he is absolutely the worst race car.
Don't let me forget in May when Dave Johnson calls for the Derby
to invite him to rip Mike Bataglia and Ross Morton.
Ross sounds like he's got 40 pounds of elephant to drop in.
So at any rate, Wendy, somebody faxes us the whole thing about Dave Thomas.
I printed it up on it.
Oh, you did.
Well, be damned.
And of course, I told you I saw the Dave Thomas biography on a biography channel a few weeks ago.
And lo and behold, I should have probably known this.
He got those franchises from the Colonel.
His company fried franchises and made millions from that.
And then in 1968, he was 35 years old, the millionaire.
He had sold the restaurants back to the corporate Kentucky Fried Chicken.
The following year after years of hard work and perseverance, Dave's lifelong dream came true.
And he opened his very first Wendy's old fashion hamburger restaurant in Columbus, Ohio.
Logged for the rimmers move there and started terrorizing the community.
The name was his youngest daughter's nickname.
Her real name was Melinda Lou, but older siblings called her Wendy.
And you like that?
You.
Let's see, for the pool, a real free press that served the public interest.
Do we want to say how do we say that?
I don't know.
How about just a real free press?
All right.
That would be good.
I think I'll understand a real free press that wasn't intimidated.
I wasn't like who's stepping in line like they are now or else or bought off or paid off or
threatened with the fines and stuff and booby traps. Here's somebody says I worked at Burger Qion.
He's somewhere I was a little hard near Gateway in 1964. It was BK number five.
How do you like that 1964?
How about that?
Well, well, that's good to know these things. Now, Wendy's we do like a lot.
Okay, I don't want to keep going back into this stuff again with the fast food.
I always talk about food. I'm tired of it, man. I'm tired of being fat.
I'm tired of eating stuff that and especially stuff like that.
If you're going to cheat, eat something really good like a court of Nestle's Turtle,
something that leaders, excuse me, a little more than a court.
I wait till you hear this. I don't want people to get nervous about this, but
networks block at Bush-Carry debate agreement. And of course, this whole thing with these debates,
I can't, I'm very rarely agree with anything that Lou Dodd says on the Certainly Nazi network.
But last night, he made a good point and only because he had some guy and he was sucking up to
who said that these aren't really debates. But he said they're not really debates.
And you know what? I kind of think of myself as a little bit corrupt.
They're not. And again, the Carrie people get sucked in because they're always on bed didn't
eat. And they're like, oh yeah, whatever you say, man. So whatever you say, it's that it's
saying, hey, listen, this is the way we're going to do it. And of course, the Bush people were saying,
well, if you don't want to do it our way, we don't want to have any debates at all because that's
what they really would prefer. Right? I mean, they got about a 628 point lead right now and just
about all of the polls, even the Pew pool. It stinks. That's why they call it the Pew pool. It smells bad.
There's a rancid smell. It's kind of like that. Breachies. Oh, why is it that people eat
breachies? Oh, man. What? I like breachies. You do? Depends on what you get. Like if it's really
runny, that's nasty. Good nasty. Like, not. Yeah. They call it cheese, but it's not.
Gotta get some good firm breach. Although the Bush and Carrie camps have meticulously
crafted an agreement on the rules for this year's presidential debates, the TV network's broadcast
of them refused to go along with the plans. All we can say about that is, oh, right. Good.
Specifically, the network's subjective provisions and agreements had placed limits on their
cameras, including prohibitions on shots of one candidate, while the other one is answering
questions. Because of journalistic standards, oh, what a joke that is. We're not going to follow
outside restrictions, said Paul Schurr, a spokesman for Fox Nazi News, which has made the pool
camera for the first debate Thursday in the Gables. This is a news pool, and we're not subject to
agreements between candidates. NBC News spokeswoman Barbara Leven said, would use pictures as we
see fit. Any day way we want said, Barbara, you go, bads, you go, bitch. CNN spokesman Matthew
Furman said that would reserve the right to make our own decisions about coverage during the debate.
This is we always have. And if they don't like it, well, you mama. ABC News and CBS News are also
objecting to the limits with a CBS spokeswoman insisting that we will utilize any shots the pool
makes available. How do you like that? Okay. So at least two of the TV journalists chosen to moderate
the debates, ABC Charles Gibson is boring as a third, and CBS's Bob Schiefer, who's 145 years old,
had not signed the agreement on ground rules hammered off between the two campaigns, according to
their networks. And by the way, Bob Schiefer was a big baseball fan, it was a big Texas Rangers
song of the dance, and was sucking up the bush back when he was in Texas and owned a ranger,
and then was governor. I just mentioned that in passing. The other two moderates are Gwen Eiffel and
Lerah both the CBS or Jim Leyra as he calls it, which is not yet commented. Under terms of the
agreement reached last week between the Bush Curie campaigns after lengthy negotiations,
moderators who refuse to sign the document can be replaced. I say, let's, now, who's in one
sign it? Charles Gibson and Bob Schiefer. Let's replace Bob Schiefer with Dan Radder. Yeah.
That's right. And let's replace Charles Gibson with Michael Moore. How we're talking?
They've 32 page agreements since after rules for the debates with great specificity down to
details such as the temperature of the hall. What kind of paper can be used to take notes who
can stand in the wings and just how deep that tan is going to be on Curie's push? I mean, you talk
about ridiculous. One day he's pasty like Casper that goes and next day all of a sudden he's got
this deep tan like he's been in a tanning salon like all night overnight, like he's been fried.
Monday the commission on presidential debates, the independent group that plays host of the debates
said it would agree to enforce the rules reached the agreement between Bush and Curie campaigns.
There'll be no departure from the terms unless there is prior. I wouldn't be surprised if they
just like chased him right off the stage or guess what we canceled it. How do you like that?
Man, if you're on and on about this one wants to do this and this one wants to do that and of
course they don't want to show Curie sweating because I guess he sweats a lot.
And of course Bush is so used to lying. He don't break us wet at all.
Or speaking of that, what a segue man. I'm telling him just falling into it. Maybe we turn the
corner with this new piece of equipment this morning and although Eric Lyde was like crazy.
He's got a problem on his end, okay? I sure hope it's not a tumor. Bush's bald face lie writes
stodd Thompson. This guy's great. The father and publisher of Capital Hill Blue, which I keep
telling is a great website. You don't believe me? Well, you lie a lot. Many of the fine stories on
our website are from Capital Hill Blue, okay? Anyway, Doug Thompson writes Bush's bald face lie.
Just when we thought it was safe to talk politics without getting married and be a nom off
over again, President George W. Bush has to cheer the part with a bald face lie. Over whether
or not he received special treatment during the service in the Texas Air National Guard.
No, I don't. I'm not aware of it. Bush told Fox Newshow to talk host Villa Riley Tuesday when
that's where the family connections and help them get a coveted place in the guard. Jesus,
age Christ, Villa. Everybody knows the former speaker of the Texas House uses influence to get
you bumped to the head of the line to get into the garden of where you're going to be at NAM.
If you didn't have the balls enough to fight in the war, at least show enough cajonis to admit
you avoided it. Had my unit been called up for a tour in Villa NAM, I'd have gone Bush told
a Riley with a straight face. Yeah, right. And it would have been pork in the treetops by morning too.
Like most Americans, I was ready to pull the questions about what Bush did or did not do in the
guard behind us and move on to the real issues that should dominate campaign 2004. But nobody
with an IQ above that of a two minute egg can possibly believe that Bush thinks he was treated
just like any other kid who wanted to get in the guard to save his ass. That young Bush and son
of a US congressman got bumped to the head of the waiting list for the guard as a long established
fact. For him to claim he didn't get any favors as a threat to the intelligence of even the most
brain dead American voter. I fulfilled my duty and was honorably discharged. I think I had about
570 of flying hours and I was on active duty for a little over a year and a half and I probably
served Bush said again with a straight face. I did exactly what my commanders told me to do.
Excuse me, but the jury still out on that one. The records released in Fitson Spurts from the
Pentagon and White House still have a lot of gaps in them. Thanks to CBS News and their monumental
FUBAR of using a dubious memo in their story on Bush's guard service, we may never know what he
did in the guard when he did or when he avoided it. Bush's entire campaign strategy is built around
his so-called images of strong leader, a man's man who can stand up for the evils of terrorism.
But if he is such a testosterone-filled alpha male, why can't he own up to the fact that his
deadies, buddies kept him out of harm's way with a cushy spot in the Texas air guard? Others did,
a lot of others. The former Texas speaker was apologized not only for helping a young Bush
Vietnam, avoid Vietnam, but for helping other sons of rich Texans as well. During Vietnam,
all guard units had long waiting lists and getting an offer looked at every connection the powerful
parent could exploit. George Herbert Walker, Bush was a powerful man in Texas in those days,
a congressman who would go on to service at Ambassadorhead of the CIA and even president,
so we had a family friend call up another powerful friend in Pulse Rings. It happened. Most
everyone who uses their brain for something other than a receiving station from Republican
propaganda knows it happened and the president of the United States is a liar for claiming it didn't.
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
That was the dub-plating during this morning's interview with the
three-deaf news. I do on CBS most every night, but now they're striped because of all report I read
the other night. My name is Dan Rather. Somebody called me up and pulled my time. He said I've
got some bread on voice and I said fine, imagine how it's trying to change things in the time.
Because I'm Dan Rather.
I don't think that George Bush is telling the truth about his life.
When you watch me I'll be providing the proof. He's telling lies.
I'll be in force and if what should be no matter if those documents are for to reach.
If one of us is Gallagol, it will be me because I'm Dan Rather.
The sun, the ass, I'm Dan Rather.
The right wing is in a ladder because I'm Dan Rather.
I'm Dan Rather.
I'm Dan Rather.
I'm Dan Rather.
I'm Dan Rather.
The level 3 at 560 WQM and Eric wants to say something to a Robert Creeper.
I apologize, Joe.
Don't you think he should apologize to Robert? I mean Robert gets picked on enough and usually
deservedly so and always deservedly so and probably not enough. But
yeah in this particular case Eric was full of crap. Did we ever get a clarification
to what's going on? No.
I mean have we had enough tourists to last to come with?
They're really good enough.
Huh?
Enough already, okay. Just calm down Eric. Quit making excuses.
Don't forget you and George and Volka Brian have a 70-year-old name.
What? Well it might be Miguel if he ever gets out of those meetings.
Like I said, join George and Volka Brian.
Five to seven and a half hour at Treasure Island this afternoon located off the pulmonary.
Or just no three hundred and twenty seconds to exit.
Stop by for our very very embarrassing prizes. But check out this week's feature.
Stephanie Evans and her ping pong balls.
Or just and her golf balls.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Is she also a golf ball? Yes she does.
Oh I don't know that. How about bowling balls?
We're gonna have that next week.
She's working on up to it and water on that.
Or just I see.
Tom five sixty only for us in singular wireless line five six seven oh five sixty.
WQA and hello.
Not there QA and hello.
Hello? Yes sir.
Yes you're talking to the program?
Yeah you're talking to the program right?
Can I talk to the program?
Yeah I want to talk to you.
Okay hello.
Hello Leo.
Yes sir.
Um I just want to say something.
They think it's a bit longer because when he find out something is wrong he changes mine.
But the president wishes I have a hint.
No because he he he do something running.
He cannot say I'm sorry.
I make a mistake and I change my mind.
Hey now there's a this president don't make mistakes Mr.
I'll say that right now.
Nobody he's the rickweaver of politics.
He don't make no mistakes.
Well do you think they're not racking them?
Hey man.
I asked the thousand dead people if it was a mistake you're not palying.
I don't think a rack was a mistake.
Is there any doubt that a rack was a mistake?
No.
That it was not just a mistake that it was based on a pack of lies.
What does it take you people to get it to sink in already?
Let me say it again 40% of Americans still think that Saddam Hussein had something to
9.11 guess what?
It was wrong what they thought at the first time.
It was wrong when they thought it yesterday.
Two weeks from soon because it'll still be wrong.
Wake up and get the effects already for quite a while.
You don't have to be a rocket scientist.
You don't have to forget about the football season unless you're a dolphin fan
which they're doing you a favor.
You don't have to forget about the hockey season because it's already not going to happen anyway.
But get get a brain just at least for five minutes open up your mind.
Forget about stupid stuff like hockey games.
Well, they're going to have road hockey days and kicks around theory.
See these people don't ever forget about it.
They're like a sickness man.
It's in their blood.
They can't get rid of it.
But if I'm going to have a sickness, I'd rather have the hockey be the sickness
as opposed to like killing violence and bloodshed all over the world.
Spreading evil and hate as opposed to spending all of that money and all that effort
again going against the real terrorists.
So I just like they keep saying Chris Matthew said last night.
You know, invading your rack after 9.11 would be like Roosevelt invading Australia
after Pearl Harbor just somehow somewhere long ago.
It didn't just quite make any sense.
It would have been easy pickings but never less.
The bris probably would have been too happy about it back then.
Whatever happened that British Empire anyway.
It worked the way of all of them.
Yeah, but they still got lost Melvinus.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
Put it back in your pants, Gildi.
WQA and hello.
Not there.
QA and hello.
QA and hello.
Going once.
Hey, we don't have time to fart around here.
They okay. We're just even to fart.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6.
I want to get a few calls in here, man.
I don't know why, but I just need to.
I got a big pile, but nevertheless.
WQA and hello.
Hi. Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil, I just wanted to call and tell you that I think you are the greatest
announcer.
Are you still listening to how it's turned?
Is that what I was listening to?
Growing up, my brother is gay.
And he said, he's got a list of this guy, Neil Rogers.
And I started listening to you two days before you couldn't make the fart sounds anymore.
And I just want to let you know that you're doing a great job and you are the best.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Palli.
And tell your brother where our help is on the way.
Well, why don't we care if his brother is gay?
What about have to do with him?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Huh?
How about your brother?
Oh,
BAAAMING!
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Is this WQA and?
This is Neil Rogers speaking, yes.
Oh, yes. How we use.
You were talking about what we remember about the 60s?
Right.
All right.
What I remember is John F Kennedy.
Well, he's on there, John and Bobby.
Oh, they are?
I'm sorry.
I just tuned in.
Well, don't be sorry.
I'm not sorry.
I'm just sorry about what happened.
Yeah, me too.
That was the turning point.
That's when we lost it.
Yeah, that's the same change in America.
After the exactination of John F Kennedy.
Yeah, John and Bobby Kennedy, Martin Luther King.
After the 60s, that was the end.
America's gone.
It's lost.
No, it's not lost.
I still have faith in my country.
Yeah.
Yes, I do.
Well, with a present leadership.
But so that's why we're here.
Well, we'll have a chance to change it in November.
Oh, please.
Please say that's going to happen.
I think it will be because I think it's the Bush's
and the Rover confidence.
Okay.
Okay, nice thinking to you.
Don't forget, have some of your dead relatives vote too,
just to make sure.
That's nothing, no.
I'm too honest for that.
Good luck for us.
Okay, see, see, that's the problem.
He's too honest for that.
We don't want honest people.
We want dishonest people.
If you're going to run against liars and gypsies,
cramps and thieves, you've got to be just as dishonest as they are.
Is what I'm saying?
That's why I don't care what anybody says.
This just happens to be one schmuck's opinion, okay?
We need Howard Dean.
Wouldn't that, wouldn't that be something if...
I can just see all the preparations and all of a sudden
they show up in the Gables on Thursday night.
And they open the curtain up.
Instead of John Kerry outwashed...
Howard Dean, surprise!
Yeah, except it would be Bush's raven.
Oh, brother, can you imagine that?
Howard will be dumped and taken a drug and it will load in his pants
and that will be unbelievable.
Wow, wow, wow.
But of course, that ain't going to happen.
It's just one of those fantasies I have for every known him.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
Dean John Kerry.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
I'm Howard.
We've done, we've done, we've done.
Q.A.M.
So, is this pants?
Hello.
Yes, your guttable sounds, they...
What do you mean, how you doing, sir?
All right.
I'm going to go to at least five times, buddy.
Yeah.
We suppose I've got to go, man.
Well, we don't got to go.
Okay, thank you.
Good one.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll remember that in the 60s, the day.
Oh, it's Reverend John's okay doing a really bad,
phony voice.
I prefer the other ones a lot easier to detect immediately.
Line 9, W.C.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Hi.
Long time,
listen to your first time caller,
I've been listening to you since I was in high school.
I've been listening to your first time.
I've stayed here 100 years ago, right now we're old parts.
Okay.
Neil, question.
I know you guys are not allowed to play any fart noises anymore.
Absolutely not.
How come in TV and cartoons,
they do play fart noises?
Because they don't have joys over in Naples,
dictating what they can do and what they can play,
and she's just a cranky old fart herself.
She's the only fart that's allowed in the Beasley Company,
and she's the cranky old fart.
Because the other day I was watching cartoons with my two-year-old kid,
and I hear the cartoons farting themselves.
I'm like, how come it's not offensive to them?
Yeah, I call up Naples.
Call up the Beasley Company Naples and ask them.
Okay, Neil, you're doing a great job and I appreciate you guys.
Okay, thanks a lot, Kelly.
And watch, don't play too many of those fart sounds for your kids, man.
They'll turn their brains to jello,
and then Bill Cosby will show up at the door,
and he'll start picking on black folks.
That'll be the next deal.
Anyway, here's the appolagous, it's okay, huh?
I thought it was a good pull when I first looked at it.
Yeah, I don't know.
What do you miss most about the 60s?
Wasn't born yet,
until 96, 26.7%.
Which I think a lot of the people are 359 votes.
Democrats with balls, 59.
The music, 58.
Now we're talking, the great music of the 60s,
how I'm going to play a whole bunch of it, not?
What do you say?
After everything is talking about hockey,
kick it.
After we do a hockey show with Rimmer,
then we're going to play some 60s music.
Especially question mark and the mysteriants.
And maybe a few from the 50s too, like Frankie Lyman.
Oh, the music 59,
how do I keep saying happy chicks?
Or like the Dixie chicks?
Hit me chicks, 36.
The sex, 36.
White athletes, 20.
That's athletes.
Jack and Bobby 15,
the drugs, 13.
A real free press, 9.
The Detroit free press,
don't have any yet.
Segregation 9,
cheap gas 8,
free maps to gas stations,
edible fast food finally out of pair.
And also I probably should put on there,
the 50 white people are used to living Detroit.
That's just a joke.
Because if I don't say it's just a joke,
then of course,
right away Josh will put it on there.
Right.
Because I don't think there ever were 50 white people in Detroit.
530 men.
More like it.
12 minutes and he was there.
12 minutes passed,
noted 560 WQM right now,
as I speak, Armstrong Ford,
a homestead wants to clear their loss and sell off
all remaining 04s.
And here are just some of the great deals waiting for.
In 04,
F-150 pick up just a buck over invoice.
How can you beat that?
New 04 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Vicks,
Toruses and focuses all waiting for you
with just a dollar over invoice only
at Armstrong Ford, a homestead.
Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value
to his little customers.
When you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford,
you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries
for life program.
That is absolutely correct.
Piers and batteries for life.
And the value you'll get at Armstrong Ford
doesn't stop there.
Right now you'll get a free flow to sun pass
with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time,
if you're still trying to put your house back together
after the hurricanes,
just make one easy call and chop over the phone.
305-24751-12, that's the number to call.
305-24751-12,
they'll even deliver your new vehicle
right to you at your home, your office,
at the massage parlour, wherever you're hanging it out.
Armstrong Ford, a homestead,
locally owned and operated.
They treat you just like family.
And I guarantee I'll let your rubber creepers life on it.
You won't get a better deal on it for it anywhere.
In fact, I'll even throw in Eric too.
No bait in Switzerland, no phony deals.
Armstrong Ford, a homestead.
There were 307-25 South Fixie Highway,
just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web,
armstrongcars.com,
and then drive a little and save a ton
on that new Ford Sirius Cash,
only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You are listening to Neil Roger Day,
who is in lane on bike speed.
All along.
Down as dirt.
We have a dear friend,
orange of you.
Ciao, pretty sure,
if our lives are through.
I'm dying on the head.
I've been so dumb.
Bye, bye, bye, so dumb.
See you in the shower.
See you when they get up out of here.
Here we are.
VA.
Vigilator.
Yee .
Jeff's that.
During
There's a man in the mirror, there's a stranger
If what you see is how far you're from
Where does I see you?
You're the shower
You're the baby for you
You won't need a touch of a shadow
Before you're born, you're the same person
I'm the baby for you
I'm the baby for you
I'm the baby for you
I'm the baby for you
I'm dying up at the end
1218-560 WQAM
100 evacuated for a proper...
This is not like a meeting I am
Because Joyce, if we can't cut the cheese
At least we can eat it during the show
I'm eating some great assiago cheese
Careful, tell me you're having assiago cheese
I'm sure I have
Oh man, it's real sharp
It is so good, it's the best cheese on the face of the earth
I do believe it, no breathe
No, crap
That's not cheese, it's mush
See, you've had the wrongs
I'm surprised that somebody like you
Who's not in any position with a 40 bucks a week you're making
To be a sued?
But nevertheless, assiago, man, this is a good stuff
At least one person before the injured this morning after a huge propane tank
Explored outside a hotel
Channel 5 in West Palm Beach reported
Charlie after 11 o'clock this morning
How do you like this for being newsy, huh, man?
Where on top of the news?
By the way, Tom Jicca, even from 1200 miles away
I can be more in touch with what's going on
And you and your stupid puppies about never TV shows
Got are you boring?
The propane tank which was being used to power at least one generator
Being at the Crown Plans Hotel was dropped by a fork with fire rescue
Said, oh I hate when that happens
The tank rolled into a running vehicle
Which may have sparked a fire that in turn ignited
Nearby trashbin
More than 100 people in the 15 story hotel
And adjacent five story Meyer companies high rise were safely
Evacuated the buildings are connected by an atrium
And are located off Belvedere Road in Australia near a Palm Beach International Airport
A witness told the TV station had flinched from the explosion and plume the smoke
So well over the top of the hotel witnesses said the generator was being used to dry out the crown plaza
Which was leaking from the heavy rains and winds brought on by Hurricane Jean
Few people in Palm Beach, man, I'm trying to
The Lord isn't going to put up with another Theresa LaPourlike performance in this election
It's a warning, it's not punishment, this is just a warning
That's why the Lord keeps pointing these hurricanes right straight, smack in your direction
And of course he, you know, his aim is bad, he slaps off a little bit in the other counties
But he's doing the best he can
He is so pissed off about that then butterfly ballot
And those Jews from Buchanan, all of that other crap that went on 2000
Don't think that this is some kind of coincidence
That all these hurricanes happen side by each, right after a while, I asked by ask
Right? Right
Even though coincidence, the Lord is passing along a message, you better get with it
Tap you can in my ass
5607-0560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line
How much of this somebody out there remembers Berger Queen?
Books right
Or does he really? I don't know
Is he there? He's not there yet
No, no, he's not there yet
Who's that child? WQA and hello
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good
How much do you think that the Republicans drinking the Kool-Aid is because of their sexual repression and the fact that they're miserable?
Which you say all the time about people from South Florida?
Yeah
How much do you think it's attributed to the fact that these people are so impressed
And obviously, 90% of their base believes in some fictitious God
How much do you think the misery index counts for their not thinking?
5607-0560, that was really excellent
I think you see if you go through at least calls, man
You get somebody that's got his thumb not just on it but right in it
Just like the little little jack quarter set on the quarterestuckest thumb in it
Yeah, WQA and hello
Just pushed it down button, will you please?
One movie was that from that was Jack Lemon I think, and it sounded like Jack
Yes it was, love and chance
WQA and hello
QA and
One movie with...
Hey, I'm a fuck stop, he's right-wing, hi, Niel
Let's talk about these right-wing, right-wing, right-wing, they're right-wing
They actually have nothing against plant ironhood as long as it's in dark countries
George Bush seen her in his first term used to be called rubbers
because every eight packets came with birth control in the dark countries
I'll be down
This little fun fact is the grandmother actually started plant ironhood
It was known as eugenics back then
It's a fact
Have a great day, Niel
Okay, you too
How much total is it?
It's a great angle
It's great, anyway
Calm down a little bit
Here, I can't read any of my bedtime stories while I got a mouthful of Aussie S, S, S, the angle
Yeah, I can't do it
So we'll just take some of these sensational calls
They've been pretty good this week for, you know, knock on, knock on something
And I have to knock on what's too hard because our piece of equipment got fixed this morning
Thank you so much my engineering friend
Oh, thank the Lord, we got a real engineer here
Oh boy, he's the best
It was here like 15 minutes
And you notice how much better I sound now?
I never agree with you
Right, it sounds as good
If only we could turn the clock back about how many years?
About 30, man
How many QA and a lower?
What is it?
Yeah, back out here
How many QA and hello
How high, Niel?
Yes, man
Hey, this is Terry. I'm one of those soccer security moms everybody keeps talking about
And I'm calling because I just found out that Senator Terry's arriving in Fort Lauderdale tonight
And I'm going and bringing my kids, they call my friends, they're bringing their kids
And everybody has got to be there
Turn out to show him our support in Florida
Right, well I would hope that everybody would show him our support in Florida
November 2nd will be really good
Yeah, but this is just a tip off, we've got to show the world that we're down here
And we're just, you know, tell him to lose a little bit of that tan, don't overdo it here
Yeah, I don't care about the tan, I care about the brain
The brain in the heart, that's bad
There you go
So it's, I guess
I just got on the website and I found out that if you get there at six o'clock
It's at the Jet State Terminal
That's near Fort Lauderdale Airport
I have an address here if you wanted it to 240
Southwest 34th Street
And he's going to be arriving there and we're going to be there to greet him
All right, everybody can get there
Give him a big kiss for me, thanks
That I will, thanks enough, life
There we go, like I said, he's already going to get most of that dark photo
I tell you that poll that really disturbed me that day, the Washington Post poll
Where they had the demographics and all the, if you click on the thing, you get the breakdown on the poll
The Washington Post ABC News poll
Even in women Bush was 3.946
And Carrie had 76% of the black vote and you'd say, well, see, what do you want? That's pretty good
That's not pretty good
No, he was 79, excuse me, 79
And then that's not good
Democratic candidates traditionally, it well over 90% of the black vote in presidential elections
And we better down well start doing that right now, you know what I'm saying or else
Well, maybe the one, maybe it's some of you, maybe they're lying to the pollsters
That might, where they figured they left a few black people vote
26 past noon at 5, 60 WQM, if you're planning on replacing your carpets
Maybe you had some damage during one of these 85 hurricanes
Or maybe because your carpets look pretty schmutzier
Or maybe you're thinking about having your carpenter or your rugs your drapery
Professionally clean, do yourself a favor
Do what I've been doing for over 20 years
And that is call the experts to draw concepts before you even think about calling anybody else
Draw concepts is the best of the world and bringing your carpeting back to life and looking just like brand new
They'll sanitize your carpeting, they'll make them look like you just had brand new late on the floor
And of course they dry clean your carpets, same idea as dry clean your clothing
Which sucks out even the deep down dirt and the germs way down there in the fibers
Living your carpets vibrant in color, they smell emity fresh
They're drying just a couple hours and you'll be amazed
It's like a miracle right on your floor
So forget about the other folks who give you those per room scams
Hello, the BS, then give you a bad surprise when they hand you the bill
Dry concepts give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start doing the work every time
Call them today, a guarantee you'll never call anybody else
1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
Or on that wicked worldwide web you'll find them at dryconcepts.com
If you want to sneak into a million rocket, it's the coolest guy in the world
So it's a new day, am
That bush, bird, bird, bird, bird, bird
That's a movie
That's a story
I enjoy worse
There's a place you can land so that you can
Oh boy, be me a man now you said you
So depth of duty just fine, might you be
And since it's your mind, your voice
Your position's a state, it's John Kerry
It's up to you, your fate, it's those questions
A custom national guard that might leave your web
You, take your sword
A, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
It's fun to say you're not A-W-O-L
And you can prove you're not a B-W-O-L
What a funny thing the military can't find
Where you were at that one year's time
You partyed and you went A-W-O-L
You're dead to hope you've no way A-W-O-L-L
If you'd only agreed with the stories at Creole
Do my turn back, voter, off to you!
No chance. You're out yours.
12.30, what? At 5.60?
You know something?
What? You two defied the one who hit a sit-up.
You wanna hear what?
BIT!
Oh, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
I do love those.
That can't go as to the ambiance of the fact that they were not delivering those things in a mail,
but that's another story for another day.
We have a few minor problems there now, but it gives us something to do.
And of course, clearance, well, that's another story.
I did find this story about the paper and crop protections endorsing Kerry,
and I only found a little bourbon, so during the breaks I've been searching and scouring for the real original AP story,
and luckily one of our stool listeners out there got it.
Right on the Sunsendle web page.
I think of the story we appreciate.
Not a six-page story from the smirking chip that we've already had on the site.
Yeah, that we already had on the web site.
Don't be sent out as any stories from smirkingchitcomandreams.org,
stuff that we have on our website all the time.
Right.
Tom Payne.
Right.
And the Capitol Hill Blue, etc.
BuzzFlaz.
Right.
A tiny, weekly newspaper that builds itself as President Bush's hometown paper is endorsed.
John Kerry for President.
Oh, right.
The Massachusetts Center will restore American dignity.
The Lone Star Iconoclast, which has a weekly circulation of 425,
said in the editorial data today that Texan should rate the candidates not by hometown or political party,
but by where they intend to take the country.
This is in Crawford, Texas, no less.
Four items trouble us, the most about the Bush administration,
is an initiative to disable the social security system,
the deteriorating state of the American economy,
a dangerous shift away from basic freedoms established by our founding fathers,
and his continuous mistakes regarding Iraq the editorial said.
That's the only correction.
The Iconoclast established in 2007 at editorializing support of the invasion of Iraq,
and publisher W. Leon Stenthen-Themoted Bush in the invasion in a BBC interview,
believing at the time that Saddam Hussein possessed weapons and mass destruction,
instead we were duped into following it.
Another privileged agenda the editorial said,
we were duped, we were lied to, by the master of all liars, the Bushmeister.
Didn't exactly say that.
I'm going to do my own editorial and why not?
The newspaper praise carry for 30 years of experience looking out for the American people,
and loaded his background as a highly decorated Vietnam veteran.
Only Carl Rovin, he's not seasoned power man, could turn it around,
whether A. Wall president, they're draft dodging vice president,
they're chicken-ock secretary of defense, all of these things.
And their turn code secretary of state, who's always,
why do they every time you read an article about Kohl and Powell,
always has to, well, the highly respected,
he's nothing but a lion piece of crap is what he is a sellout.
Oh, I'm not going to read these documents.
This is about your Schmidt.
He said he throws the papers up in the air,
and then like two weeks later, he's there in the U.N.
reading about, well, here are the maps, and here's where the weapons are,
and we know this, and we know that yeah, right.
He's a sellout is what he is.
I think it's because he's got that light tan, and that's what it is, right?
Is that it?
That's got to be it.
He's color coded.
Why does he get a free pass from everybody?
Well, the more respectable and the more credible and the more, yeah, right.
Liar.
It's phony.
And then every now and then, you know, he's just like McCain.
Every once in a while, he like,
he seeps a little bit of the truth comes out.
Like when he was last Sunday, and no, when he was on the eat the press or whatever on Sunday.
Well, you know, the situation in Iraq is really bad, and the insurgency is much worse than we thought.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, yeah.
I guarantee you they dragged his ass out to the wood shed after that show.
For a tan, then?
They, yeah.
It, they, they, they, and it's not.
Well, they probably had carry there too. We got a good tan.
They probably had that, the butcher, what those are named, Karen Hughes, the Dyke.
They must have a tan ability.
They probably had her whips some shape into coal, and I'll tell you that right now.
I'm not going to say who's a Dyke, you're looking.
To get this must macho, Condaliza or Karen Hughes.
Oh, I, I accuse Karen Hughes.
Man, I think she's got a big one, man.
And I, I can't say the word on the ear anymore, because we can't say that anymore either.
Tentacle.
Yeah, big tentacle.
Like an octopus.
Anyway, John Nichols writes on the nation in the nation online.
This is good.
I got so much good stuff here, and I'm not going to get anywhere near all of it today, because we had many calls, and some of them actually we're talking to it's shocking, you know.
Maybe they show, we can simulate a few people.
Okay, maybe between the stern, my sir.
I don't know how much because we don't listen to a show with all due respect.
I don't know how much he's banging away against the bush, but I sure hope I sure hope as it gets closer to election day.
And it's only like less than five weeks or one day less.
It's getting really close.
I hope that he like does something to get some of his people out there to get, to mobilize especially in Florida, baby.
We can't afford to let it get stolen again.
I guarantee you for what's within like, oh, I'd say 20,000, maybe 30,000 votes.
That's too close because they're making still stealing.
They can still do all kinds of shenanigans with that.
Also, it's in the in the key Kelly book.
When the Nebors declared that Goura had won Florida in one election.
That our fat ass governor cried.
Isn't that something he cried?
He loves his brother.
Then I guess somebody must have called him and said, oh, don't worry, you have the fixes in probably Catherine Harris.
And he said, oh, as you wiped a crocodile tears away from his pus.
From his fat face.
And let me say it again.
A lot of you people voted for him.
How does he, how do these things happen?
How can there be so many stupid people in one place?
They have this.
John Nichols writes, the decision of CVS moved to the late of broadcast of investigation into how the Bush administration manipulated intelligence and played upon fears in order to make the case for war with Iraq.
Is the most unsettling development yet in a political year that's been defined by unsettling moments.
CVS news officials rocked by the controversy surrounding the journalistic missteps of everyone
and then rather in 60 minutes staffers and putting together what should have been an easy report on President Bush's troubled tenure in the Texas National Guard.
Have announced that they'll wait until after the November 2nd election to broadcast a much anticipated investigation of the steps the administration took to work the debate about whether to go to war.
The fear at least as it's officially expressed by CVS is that revealing the extent of the administration's misdeeds might influence the outcome of the election by letting the American people in on what's really been going on in Washington.
Thus the CVS statement announced, we now believe it would be inappropriate to air the report so close to the presidential election.
That's right because we don't feel the American people deserve the truth.
Let them go cast a vote ignorant, blind to the truth.
And then after they put this bastard in there for another four years, then we'll tell him, oh, guess what? We knew this all along.
Critics of CVS will of course speculate that the decision that less to do with the desire to be fair and balanced than with the fear on the part of corporate haunchers that the earring of the expos would lead to new charges that the network is displaying an anti-Bush bias.
After the Fiasco involving Dr. Documents regarding Bush's time in the guard, CBS inciders admit that the afraid broadcast reports about the doctor documents the Bush administration used to make its case for war.
Critics also note that some some to Redstone CEO of CBS's parent company Viacom has now repeatedly suggested in public statements that interviews that from a Viacom standpoint, we believe the election of a Republican administration is better for our company.
But let's put these legitimate concerns aside and accept CBS as its word.
Let's accept that the network does not want to air the report before the election because of genuine concerns on the part of CBS News professionals and CBS corporate officials about the impact sharing the truth of the American people might have on voting patterns.
But let's also be clear about what's happened here. CBS News has ceased to be a news organization. A network that worries about whether it's your personal offender people who are in power is no longer practicing journalism, and a network that's so worried about being accused of bias that it won't reveal the truth to its viewers is no longer in the business of distributing news.
Thomas Jefferson, James Madison and the other founders of this country created the framework of a free press and fought mightily to defend the rights of dissident editors in the first years of the Republic because they feared the abuses of power that would result if presidents went unchallenged.
They knew that democracy would only function independent watchdogs were forever barking at the powerful from the columns of the partisan newspapers of their day.
Jefferson may have put a best way wrote in 1816 that the functionaries of every government have propensities to command that will the liberty and property of their constituents.
There is no safe deposit for these but where the people themselves nor can they be safe without with them without information where the press is free and every man able to read all is safe.
My extension when powerful media outlets sent to themselves the safety to which Jefferson referred is threatened.
The notion that a journalist would sit on the story because he or she fears being accused of bias or because an espouse they might have an impact on a presidential election would have shocked an offended Jefferson Madison, Tom Payne and the others who fought up the start of this American experiment to forge the way for a free press.
If ever there was a time when a bold and unyielding free press was needed Jefferson argued it was in the weeks before national election.
At the point when the American people are preparing to determine who will lead their country they need more than just anography they need news outlets that seek without fear or favor to speak truth to power.
Without a free flow of information especially controversial and shocking information about the most pressing issues of they citizens cannot make informed choices and when citizens cannot make informed choices democracy ceases to function.
With their decision to sit on a story of how the Bush administration manipulated this country into where CBS news officials have chosen to block the free flow of information as such they broken faced with the promise of a free press they now are merely stenographers to power and impediments to democracy.
The American people are now in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first
in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for the first time in the US for
all children TV and TV and TV and TV and TV and TV and TV and TV and TV and TV dogs The TV and TV
So by New Cat Stevens' collection today from 1995, or you can play with Lisa Mastricard
or Reppens of Mastricard, you love it!
Also, say to Cat Stevens, who writes his article for the LA Times yesterday?
What a great segue.
The former Cat Stevens says he hasn't changed, but the US has.
Something bad has begun, if you say it.
Yousuf Islam aka Cat Stevens says, I was flying to Nashville last week with my 21-year-old
daughter to explore some new musical ideas with a record label there.
Ironically, I was trying to remain low profile because of the speculation that it might have
raised in the music world about a return of the cat.
Media attention was the last thing I wanted, but it seems God wanted otherwise.
Oh, God!
Toward the end of our journey from London to Washington, the plane was diverted.
The cat then announced something about heavy traffic.
After landing in Bangor, Maine, six tall blue uniformed officers boarded and surrounded
me and my daughter.
Is your name Yousuf Islam?
They asked?
Yes, I confirmed.
You mind coming with us and answering a few questions?
At that point, my heart stopped and my daughter's face turned aspirin white.
This was the start of the nightmare.
These three FBI agents escorted me away from my daughter and asked me questions.
At first, it sounded like they might have mixed me up with somebody else, as they repeated
the spelling of my name.
No, why you SUF I carefully spelled out, the agents looked a bit puzzled.
As they continued asking questions, some of their queries were obviously not related
to me, so I thought this must be a matter of simple mistaken identity.
Whether it was a mix-up or not remained unclear because they weren't under any obligation
to give me a reason, the green visa waiver for my head-zone neatly filled and earlier had
effectively denied me any right to appeal or answers.
It was only when an immigration official read out to me a legal reference number that he
mentioned some implication with terrorism no further details necessary.
The most upsetting thing was being separated from my daughter for 33 hours, not knowing
how she was or when or where we might be united, because my phone was confiscated I couldn't
contact my family.
God Almighty, is this the same planet I'd taken off from?
I was devastated.
The unbelievable thing is that only two months earlier I'd been having meetings in Washington
with top officials from the White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives to
talk about my charity work.
Even further back, one month after the attack on the World Trade Center, I was in New York
meeting Peter Gabriel and Hillary Rodham Clinton at the World Economic Forum.
Had I changed that much?
No.
Actually, it's the indiscriminate procedure of profiling that's changed.
I'm a victim of unjust and arbitrary systems, hastily imposed, that serve only to be little
America's images of the fender of these civil liberties that so many dearly struggled
and died for over the centuries.
Need I say that any form of terrorism or violence is the antithesis of everything I love
and stand for, anyone who knows me will attest to this.
I've spent my life in the search for peace and understanding, and that was mirrored
clearly in my music, since becoming a Muslim I've devoted my life to education, cheerity,
and helping children around the world.
Consistently, I've condemned the attacks of 9-11, stating that the slaughter of innocence,
the taking of hostages and co-blooded killing of women and children, had nothing to do with
the teachings of Islam.
I've openly and publicly repudiated the actions of groups that resort to such acts of
inhumanity, whatever their names.
Any allegations of the contrary are fabricated.
The Quran equates the murder of one innocent person with the murder of all humanity.
Ever since I embraced Islam in 1977, people have regularly tried to link me with things
I had nothing to do with.
I take the summoner's rightly cases example, or the regurgitating of the accusation that
I support groups like Hamas.
I'm a man of peace, I'd announce all forms of terrorism and injustice, it is simply
outrageous for anyone to suggest otherwise.
The fact that I have sympathy for ordinary people in the world who are suffering from occupation,
tyranny, poverty or war is human, and has nothing to do with politics or terrorism.
Thank God my daughter and I were relieved of our ordeal and delivered home safely.
I also thank all those who prayed for me and supported me through this dark episode.
I've never harbored any will for the good people of God's great earth anywhere and
which to be verse was also true.
Usif Islam, the singer formerly known as Kat Sevens, the poor did a brilliant last week after
being refused entry in the US even though he'd been in the country which the media didn't
want to talk about too much, twenty times during the previous year.
As he mentioned there.
Oh yeah, well he's a doily wearer and then of course Kat that.
Tom Redd, you see him already frosted my ass, Jew Lieberman.
He, Jew Lieberman, he epitomizes everything wrong with the Democratic Party today.
The Wimp Factor.
The Wimp Factor.
See George Bush won.
He lost 92 to Clinton because of the Wimp Factor.
Almost lost to Dukakis except Dukakis out Wimp Factor in the 88.
The Wimp Factor, the entire Democratic Party and with the exception of just a couple of people,
a bunch of spineless Wimp's.
And Lieberman comes on air after Howard Dean excoriated Tom Redd for that last phony terror
alert that saw an advanced BS and Dean had the balls to tell it like it was strictly political
which is what it was.
Then we find out it was based on scale old information that was three or four years old
and immediately after Dean comes on air on Wolf Flitzkrieg here we trot out Jew Lieberman
while I know Tom Redd personally and I know Tom would never lie about something as
early would ever deceive the public.
You're full of crap Jew Lieberman.
I hope you choke on some still holiday like that.
Yeah, I hope somebody yanks your tits is too hard.
I hope your kisies fall out.
I hope you get some rotten humiliation at Purim.
In fact, well, whatever.
That's what's wrong right there.
Tom Redd comes on and gives it, well, you know, this name raised in alarm and it was on
the list and we don't care whether it's a celebrity or not.
You're full of crap Tom Redd, you're nothing but a freaking liar.
And like Michael Moore says, terrifying the public, making him quick in their boots.
Oh, this is another terror alert.
Oh, thank God that Bush and the Nazis are keeping us safe.
Who the hell are you, kiddin' man?
You lie in bunch of fascist bastards, you?
For example, a growing number of career professionals were the national security agencies.
Believe that the situation in Iraq is much worse and the path to success much more
attenuous than is being expressed in public by top Bush administration officials, according
to former and current government officials and assessments over the past year by intelligence
officials at the CIA and the departments of state and defense.
How do you like that?
Not that he's lying or anything.
Not that he's trying to sugar code it just like they sugar coded his military record or
lack thereof.
While President Bush, Defense Secretary Donald Hermann during Rumsfeld and others have delivered
optimistic public appraisals, officials who fight the Iraqi insurgency and study it at
the CIA and the State Department and within the Army officer corps believe the rebellion
is deeper and more widespread than is being publicly and not acknowledged officials say.
People of the CIA are mad as hell at the policy in Iraq because it's a disaster and they're
digging the whole deeper and deeper and deeper as they're one former intelligence officer
who maintains contact with CIA officials.
There's no obvious way to fix it.
The best we can hope for is a semi-failed state hobbling along with terrorists in a success
of weak governments.
And let me point out again that before the Iraq attack there were no terrorists in Iraq.
How do you like that?
Iraq wasn't a haven for terrorists, which now as we know, they're coming there from everywhere.
Even Colin Powell said that.
They're all working together.
Things are definitely not improving.
Said one US government official who reads intelligence analyses on Iraq, aimalizations.
It's getting worse to read an Army staff officer who served in Iraq and stationed test with
comrades in Baghdad through email.
OG comrades.
Bad choice of words.
It just seems there's a lot of pessimism flowing out of there right now.
There are things going on that are unbelievable to me.
Unbelievable.
They have infiltrators conducting attacks in the green zone.
This was not the case a year ago.
This weekend in a rare departure from the positive talking points used by administration spokesman,
don't you love that term talking points?
Thank you.
Secretary of State Colin Powell acknowledged that the insurgency is strengthening and that
anti-Americanism in the Middle East is increasing.
Yes, it's getting worse.
He said of the insurgency on ABCs this week.
At the same time, the US commander for the Middle East general, LaJonfi, Abbasade told NBC's
meet the press that we will fight our way through the elections.
Abbasade, said he believes Iraq is still winnable and wants a new political order and the Iraqi security forces in place.
Everything will be kosher or something like that.
Powell's admission in Abbasade sobering warning came days after the public disclosure of the
National Intelligence Council assessment completed in July that gave a dramatically different outlook than
the administrations and represented the consensus at the C.I. and State and Defense Departments that we got
Sures is what we got.
That's exactly what they said.
Sures, in the best case scenario, the NIC said in the best case Iraq could be expected to achieve a tenuous
stability over the next 18 months.
In the worst case, it could dissolve into civil war.
Everything is fine.
Mission accomplished, baby, and if I had to do it over again, I'd say the same bulkhead because I lie like kill.
Just like I lied about my military service, just like I lied about those memos, just like I lied through my teeth
about anything that's expedient, we just like about that abortion.
And of course, don't ask me anything about things that didn't my youth when I was like foolish and youthful, like, you know, 45.
Stuff like that.
What am I rambling on about here?
I don't know. It's great though.
You go be joining.
You don't forget speaking to girls, join Georgian Volkabryan, fine, maybe Miguel too.
Maybe from five to seven to seven, at Treasurer Island, located right off the Palmetto, just north of the 120-second street exit.
Stop by for some very low budget Q&A prizes.
And forget about the prizes because you can check out this way's feature, Stephanie Evans.
Maybe she just might top on your way.
Or maybe the other way around, you never know.
We're gonna rate it.
Only time will tell.
How is that pull coming? Okay, I've been remiss.
I don't know what it is, but it seems like we had about a half hour show today.
Is it me or is it the...
I think because we got the new piece of equipment.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm the edge of my seat, peeing in my pants, waiting for that...
For that technical thing to go off again.
We've been going through some nasty times of Q&A.
Just in case you have a notice out there.
Anyway, here's the deal.
485 votes.
What do you miss most about the 60s?
Wasn't born yet, 131, 27 percent.
Punks.
Democrats with Vol 74, the music 74, the sex 45.
Hip-Hipi Chicks 41.
White Athletes 31.
Cheap gas 20.
Jack and Bobby 20.
The drug 17.
Sengregation 14.
Races back to his out there.
Probably from the trailer parts that weren't blown away by the hurricane.
That gets you.
A real free press, 13.
Edible fast food 5.
And free maps against the Asian 3.
Edible fast food got 5.0.
So I have no idea what that means.
You?
Well, I think I think.
Maybe they're talking about finger foods.
We'll finger it out.
1256 is Wolf, less gradient man.
If you don't look like him, I'm carrying with a beard.
I can't believe it.
Man, would Hitler be proud of him or why?
Yes.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs.
If you're a first time home buyer, or if you're refinancing and taking some cash out, these are definitely your best choice.
These B. Guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service, and not only their promise, it's their guarantee to you.
So call them today at this toll free number, 1-800-734-6616.
At Guaranteed mortgage bankers, they're goal is to build a lifelong relationship with their customers, which stated exactly that with a couple of moved down to Florida from New Jersey.
These folks hadn't started their new jobs yet, but found a house they fell in love with, a couple had lived in town for more than a week, had little money to put down, wanted to close in just 10 days.
Well, guess what? Guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyer's needs in order to close on time.
They were able to give them 95% financing, and an incredible, unbelievable rate of just 5.95%.
And listen this, Guaranteed mortgage bankers since all of its clients and a fabulous seven-night cruise, it's their way of saying thank you for choosing them and doing business with them.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers, their loans are too big or too small, whether it's bad credit, good credit or in between, they'll work with you to get to the loan you need.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers, call them today at toll free, 1-800-734-6616. That's 1-800-734-6616.
You will listen to Neil Roger, who will be in the school of school here on 566K QAAM.
So, 1-2-hour.
The next survivor, only one will be lucky enough to win a party, and the same thing will run to you.
They can survive for Lucia.
Oh, I can handle this. Who will have the idea to be a patient on earth?
It won't be long before the savages will learn to respect our fearless leaders.
Badgerous losers with no life are once again putting their lives on the line to enter change badgerous losers with no life.
This river's carry is a plague self.
No problem, without you, for us 20 aviants.
Survivor Lucia, only on TV has someone's gun to die.
It's 1-0-2-5-60WQ.
I'm speaking of losers. Those losers from the Oprah audience, a couple of weeks ago.
We never talked about this. Remember she gave everybody an answer car?
Right. All those fat scotans.
And then instead of whining the OG, well the taxes on the car will be like $6,000.
No, man, what do we do?
Here's the advice, bitches. Okay, sell a car and pay the tax and keep the profit.
Okay. And then make the sound like a deal to you.
But it's a car overcame me.
Yeah, right. Only one thing we can say about that.
Yeah, you too, Joyce.
Anyway, Harvey Wasserman, who's a noted author, and also, um,
I want to make sure I get it right.
Also, senior advisor to Greenpeace USA and the nuclear information resource service,
he writes this for the free press in Columbus, Ohio, not the Detroit free press.
We're not a real free press like we used to have in the 60s.
Bush's history's top terrorist, man. This is just one of my favorites.
He sums it up in a nutshell. And it makes you really wonder,
scratch your head real hard until it bleeds and wonder,
how can there be so many people so stupid, so oblivious?
And I'll get our fat ass governor going over the straight face and say,
oh, well, she moved by about org is even suggesting now that the hurricanes that we had
were a result of global warming. Can you believe that?
Man, oh man, it's just incredible.
Anyway, Harvey Wasserman writes,
as the fourth global warm hurricane in two months ripped through Florida,
we were reminded that George W. Bush's history's top terrorist.
We know, of course, that Bush has slaughtered thousands of Iraqis,
imprisoned hundreds without trial or charges, and presided over the torture and sexual abuse of many of them.
Abraham is the world's leading recruiter for hate American terrorists the world over.
Bush's preantive militarism has paved the way for countless crusades
for oil and fundamentalism in the decades to come.
He overthrew the elected government of Haiti, resulting in hundreds of deaths.
He tried to do the same in Venezuela. Other target nations are sure to follow.
Bush has also determined to turn AIDS into a profit center for the drug companies that helped fund him.
His attacks on sex education, birth control, and reproductive choice will kill girls and women for decades to come,
especially if he re-quriminalizes abortion in the second term.
As Texas governor Bush executed a record 150-plus people,
he publicly mocked at least one K-fate Tucker, Carla Faye Tucker, who would ask him to spare her.
His escalated war on drugs has helped stop 2.2 million Americans in the largest gulag in world history.
Many suffer regular physical and sexual abuse, many are also conveniently deprived of their right to vote.
Bush's catastrophic no-child-lift behind program is decimating America's once-pride education system,
vastly escalating literacy and ignorance.
He is barring thousands of students who traditionally come here from overseas.
Their disappearance will further cripple American education, as well as America's historic role in spreading democratic values to young people around the world.
Bush has also decimated the Bill of Rights and Basic Reedums embodied in the U.S. Constitution,
taving the way for a potential dictatorship should he get a second term.
In short, he's then to America things no foreign terrorists could ever imagine.
But it all pales before Bush's all-out attack on the natural environment, which will ultimately kill hundreds of millions of people.
Bush's eco-terror crusade has two primary roots, corporate greed and fundamental religious extremism.
On the corporate side, Bush's entire environmental policy can be summarized in a simple sentence.
Any polluter favored by the Bush regime can pillage and destroy any sector of the American ecology,
regardless of the consequences, with full official sanction, including huge taxpayer handouts.
Bush's signature flip flop has been on global warming.
The scientific and insurance community is now virtually unanimous that rising carbon dioxide levels are wreaking utter havoc with global weather patterns,
including this latest parade of Caribbean hurricanes.
The only dissenters are oil company flags, flat earth think tanks, and fundamentalist fanatics, and of course, fat ass governor, Jeff Bush.
Bush promised in 2000 that if elected he would endorse the Kyoto Accords to cut CO2 emissions,
but then he joined Joseph Stalin in demanding that science put his bizarre ideology.
At the behest of his petrobackers, including Victor Davies Halliburton, Bush has scored a global consensus that includes his primary ally in Iraq,
British Prime Minister Tony Blair, two of the world's biggest insurance companies, swishwrecks and Munich have issued strong warnings about the skyrocketing cost of climate catastrophes,
even British petroleum has voiced concern at the same time making massive investments in solar power.
Bush's fossil nuke energy plant gives huge tax credits for jascuzling humbys, but has cynically still made it long-standing green energy tax easements,
crippling the once booming US wind power industry.
Three years after Bush allowed 9.11, and America's 103 atomic power reactors are main vulnerable to attacks from the year,
the first plane that flew into the world trade center could instead have turned the Indian point reactors north of New York City into radioactive infernos.
Such an apocalyptic attack could still have in killing millions and costing trillions, dwaroping three mile and then Chernobyl.
By doing nothing significant in the Vue S. reactors, safer Bush has painted them with a big terror bull's eye.
Bush is also befiving nuke weapons production testing escalating the likelihood of nuclear war and production disasters.
After 9.11, Bush lied to the people of New York about the toxic fallout from the world trade center collapses,
as cover-up crossed countless avoidable deaths, as assaults on the air, water, food, and other regulatory responsibilities daily poison millions worldwide.
They feed the ongoing plague of cancers, lung and heart disease, childhood afflictions, and too much more to catalog here.
As should rein the ozone destruction add to the horrors of global warming as the Bush's attacks on America's national parks and public lands.
As history's most environmentally destructive human, Bush's hate nature crusade has been blessed by fanatic fundamentalists who believe destruction of the planet will hasten the Messiah.
James Watt, Ronald Reagan's interior secretary, scored attempts to preserve the earth by announcing that Jesus was coming soon anyway.
Bush's thin-mice Dercal Roe of band-such blunt talk, but his all-out attacks on environmental protection, fuel efficiency, renewable energy, and much more,
have already guaranteed an avoidable death toll on parallel and human history.
The evil winds of climate chaos now blasting through the Caribbean may soon seem like mild breezes compared to the ultimate eco-curse of George W. Bush.
Until the Hunm, Genghis Khan, the Kaiser, Hitler, Stalin, Sodom, Bin Laden, none have killed more than those dying indebted to the night of Bush's anti-green hands.
His terror attacks have given mother earth to the very brink.
Four more years and he might just finish her off and all of us with her.
I really hate the notable day.
The third party?
Beat around the bush like that.
Yeah, right.
And the public is sitting out there like, oh, gee, we're scared, we're scared.
We're moving, please protect us, W.
Please, please, yeah.
Here's the ultimate coward, the draptaging coward who was too scared to fly, but he's going to be the courageous leader, the crusader that's going to lead us against the infidels, against the evil doers.
A lot of evil doers in the world, but the most dangerous ones that are one sitting right there in a freaking White House.
5670560, been rambling too much, pound 56 and leave a rise in wireless and singular wireless lines.
It is singularly amazing.
WQAM, hello?
Mr. Laddus.
Yes, sir.
That's me, sir. Hold off a second. I'm sorry, I'm flying my hair back.
You don't want to be on speaker phone. Let me put my radio down.
Sir, don't ever stop killing the truth the way you are. I'm an avid neal listener, then, then, work you back in the days of SATA.
And I will do the... I don't know what we're going to do when you leave or go, because you're going on the airways to stick truth, but you've got to go.
Listen, I'm going to pull a J-Lenner. I'm going to retire in the year 23rd.
Please, sir. Please, especially me, I would be lost without you. I swear.
And tell the hockey players to get their ego back on and get back to work. That whole thing to be done really sucks. I hate that.
Bush has got to go and bring that cocky.
I said, Bush has got to go and carry a benton and a cop, Bob Goodman, right on his ass.
Right on, sir. You're definitely correct.
Come down. Or not.
Here's how it's got to whipped up and fired off and pissed up or however that goes.
What do you miss most about the 60s? Wasn't born yet. 145, 27%.
Democrats with balls 80, music 80, hippie 648, the 648. White athletes. Remember those? 33.
Keep gas 21, Jack and Bobby 20, segregation 18, the drugs, oh, the drugs 20.
A real free press 17, free maps of gas stations 5, edible fast food 5 out of 549.
Edible fast food. I should like to know where the hell that was. Maybe they're thinking like white castle.
I don't know. They're just thinking that was better than I see. WQM, hello.
Hey, I don't know. Pretty good. Good. Hey, I got a question. I just received an email the other day that, uh,
which is trying to pass the bill. I'm bringing the draft back for a 18 to 26.
I was wondering if you heard anything about that. No, it's a bull crap. It is bull crap. Right.
Okay, because they said the bill is 8 to R 163 or something like that.
Yeah, but it didn't talk much about it. Well, it's news to me.
Don't you think that right before the election is that they were really trying to bring the draft back right now that we would hear about it?
I would think so. I got an email about it though. Of course, if Bush gets in, then I'll bet Sir Roth.
You know, if he wins the election, which he liked, he will. Then I'll bet Sir Roth, because we don't have anywhere near enough military.
And that's where it goes. Don't you think? Yeah, well, something's got to get.
Something's got to get. I mean, they're doing all these extended things, the backdoor draft that we keep hearing about.
Right. They're going to run out of carcasses, you know, that's correct.
12 minutes after one at five, 60 WAM. Discuss welfare. Education. I want to discuss the juvenile justice system.
Juana. He's been a juvenile. He asked me only dangerous in juvenile. Right now, Armstrong, Florida homestead want to clear their lots and sell off all remaining.
Oh, fours. That's 2000. Oh, fours. I was at 19. Oh, fours. It wasn't be something. Here's just some of the great deals waiting for it.
Armstrong right now in 0 for F-150 pick up just a dollar over invoice. New 0 for explorers just a buck over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Vicks, Torses and Focuses all waiting for you at just a single dollar over invoice only at Armstrong, Florida homestead.
Well, Armstrong, Ford continues to offer more value to you. Folks, when you buy your Ford there, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's right. Tires and batteries for life. The value of getting Armstrong, Ford doesn't stop there either because right now they'll continue giving out our free Florida Sun Pass with every vehicle they sell.
Press for time. Armstrong, Ford knows you time is valuable. So call them and shop right over the phone call 305 247 51 12.
That's 305 2475 112. They'll even deliver that new vehicle right to you. Armstrong, Ford homestead, they're locally owned and operated.
They're a pleasure to do business with. They'll treat you just like family and I guarantee I'll bet to your course. I was life on it.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch. No phone and deals at Armstrong. Ford homestead. There were 307 25.
South they see highway just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars.com and then grab a little bit but save a ton on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of prestigious homestead.
You're a single needle. Roger.
Hey, a stench of cow manure covers over this performance by the Dalton.
This is Al Franken. Jim Bob Newsom has been held as one of America's greatest songwriter.
The river of freedom runs out your home. I am when it comes to the priorities.
The columnist, Nancy Marmelstein of the Penny saver called Jim Bob Newsom, the greatest comedy writer since Milk came in.
The politicians don't tell the truth and they die.
John, now as a grateful death fan, I appreciate the enormous town of Jim Bob Newsom.
Because to me, he sounds just like Jerry Garcia.
I'm growing to costalery because they must costalery. So let's rip red shoes.
Now no one else is as good as Jim Bob Newsom. I'm in your Jim Bob Newsom. See me now. I'm in this in my toilet dot com. Now.
No, we can smell it. It's a one 18. I'll tell you we can also smell that air America. Are they doing something or what? Are they making an impact? Are they turning the country around? No.
They really have an quite an impact. But I think once Al loosens up a little bit, then he'll be dangerous. And what's your name?
Oh, Catherine Lee. I got to make it a point to listen to that crap someday.
Yeah, when I'm ready for the box veterans for Carrie Bard from Bush rally. Oh, more of this kind of crap going on.
Salem, Oregon, about 30 Oregon voters, veterans, about 30 Oregon veterans who support them.
According to John Kerry from president, where we buff yesterday when they showed up at a Republican rally and hopes of delivering a letter to first lady Laura Bush criticizing the war in Iraq.
Oh, you can't do that. Bush spoke to about 3,500 of her husband supporters at Chimaceta.
What is that? Chimaceta. That's what it says. Chimaceta community college in Salem, Oregon as with other Bush chain events in the state of Michigan was by ticket only limited to supporters of the administration who had have both lips first ready for a big case on Laura's.
Oh, pretty tough on the first lady there.
Before the rally, the group of pro-ferry veterans asked secret service agents at the site to deliver a letter to Bush, but we told they'd have to mail the letter to the white office.
Right. I mean, what does she look like? The mail a lady or what?
I'm carrying you. She looks like a mail lady.
Terry Kirsch of the end on veteran from Can be Oregon said he later tried to use a ticket to get into the event, but was told to fire marshal at close the site.
It was very disheartening to me as someone who fought in the war was wounded in the war.
Now I'm not allowed to hear my government speak, Kirsch said. Kevin Manix, chairman of the Oregon Republican Party, said the decision to close the event had to do with safety, not politics.
He also dismissed complaints by Kirsch and other curry backers about access to the rally, or is that access?
This was a rally for both Chinese supporters, Matt, said, if people have already made up their minds to support John Kiri, then they're welcome to attend John Kiri's rallies.
Not as scary if you're for John Kiri. Not as scary as he looks, but almost. Although I do love that nice tan, man.
I bet you by the time that we have the debate tomorrow night, he's going to look like Al Sharpton.
As a matter of fact, Chris Matty's had a good line, he had sharp them on last night.
He had a great line, said, couldn't you be the ventriloquist for a curry during the debate?
Would that be great? Then we'd hear Al B.S. no punts is pulled.
Oh, and also a good fact. Some further pull. What do you miss most about the 60s? My youth. How do we forget that?
How much of that will go skyrocket heading up to the top? You got that on there, Josh. Good.
That's the national work. Good at that. My youth.
This is the lowest blow, right? This is an editorial in the Capitol Times Madison, Wisconsin, where inexplicably, even though Al Gore won Wisconsin a new respect Wisconsin, go Democratic,
where inexplicably the polls have been shown push ahead. Too many cheeseheads, too many Nazis, too many...
Drunks. That's the problem Wisconsin. Here's the editorial.
The Republican National Committee's acknowledged sending mass marines to voters in at least two states that suggest Democrats would have elected in 2004, banned the Bible.
Literature designed and paid for by the Republican Party, distributed in West Virginia and Arkansas, featured an image of the primary text of Christianity and the label, Band.
Next to it was an image of a gay marriage ceremony labeled, A Loud. The text beneath the image is red. This will be Arkansas if you don't vote, or this will be West Virginia if you don't vote.
The literature was distributed as part of a campaign, this derfirs among evangelical Christians, whose votes to the Republican National Committee and the George W. Bush campaign believed could provide margin of victory for the presence of your election campaign in key swing states.
AKA, Farbist and a Graham. To the view of the people working for the Republican National Committee and the Bush campaign, who are following a god named Carl Rove, this is just politics.
Under the influence of the White House political czar, whose god had Bush's every step in the electoral arena, they have suspended morality in the pursuit of a win in any cost approach to electioneering.
But this is not just politics, this is something much darker, much more troubling.
When political operatives begin to tell people that their holy text will be banned if they don't vote for a particular candidate or party, they enter into a danger zone.
People take their religion seriously, history and contemporary experience tell us that they're willing to kill or be killed in order to defend their faith.
One of the most powerful recruiting tools for terrorists is they suggested that one's religion is threatened.
Playing with religion is playing with fire and to do so for political gain is beyond defense.
There's that beyond defense.
Deports. Just look over defense.
The Democratic candidates were present and vice president, John Kerry and John Edwards, are active members of different Christians and nominations.
They've not proposed banning the Bible nor are other leading Democrats nor have the federal jurists who spoke, whose spokesman for the Republican National Committee claim inspired their fanatical claims.
There was no threat to the Bible.
But there is a threat. Political operatives who lack any moral compass are stirring dangerous fears.
They need to be called a recount, responsible Republicans and despite the file actions of the Republican National Committee and the Bush campaign,
it should be remembered that there are still many responsible Republicans to call upon their party apparatus and their president's campaign committee to cease all appeals to religious bigotry and fear.
Democrats and independents, along with thoughtful religious leaders, have already objected to the GOP mailings.
What they're doing is despicable, interfaith alliance leader Don Parker says of the Republicans. They're playing on fears and emotions.
The Charleston consent newspaper in West Virginia complained of the childish allegations that Democrats want a banned the Bible.
But ultimately, this is in the mess that will be cleaned up by religious leaders and newspaper editorial pages.
This is nature that responsible Republicans must themselves address. They should do so quickly and loudly condemning those political operatives who in their hand-handed attempt to mingle religion and politics have found the low ground and occupied it.
The lowest blow, that's the headline of the editorial in the Madison West Cronson Capitol Times. Low blow.
How's Rob Dylan, by the way?
It's just fine.
She should never look at West Wing. I'll tell you that right now. I don't want you to want to show.
Oh, here's a good one. This is an excellent choice for our poll.
But I miss most about the 60s. Good radio.
Yeah!
Oh, God. Good radio. You got it, Josh?
We got it.
Real top 40 stations, progressive rock-free forum, chicken rock.
Real personalities.
Chicken rock.
And I'm chicken man, too.
He's everywhere, you know? Chicken man.
5.670560, pound 560 only. Verizon's singular wireless lines.
As we're getting the audience whipped up into a spastic frenzy, aren't we?
No. They're just forming a tomorrow.
No.
WDQA and hello.
Neil Rogers.
Yes?
How you doing?
Okay. How you doing?
Good. I was just, I was thinking, you know, like the radio on like 10 o'clock and I heard how it was almost my,
my heart almost dropped out of my, you know what?
Anyway, I just fell on the radio and you get to follow up on what you were saying about the Republicans and we're going to buy in this and ban that.
People would sell the phone looker to get this guy re-elected to a really bad nursing home.
And proof of that is what you just talked about and just one of them put my two cents on that.
Okay, Polly. We're still here. Whenever Howard decides to go home, that's when we're on every day.
All right, buddy. Thanks.
Thanks, Howard.
See? People don't even know yet. People have no idea what's going on yet.
But they're busy having budget meetings at Grayshouse today.
Oh yeah. So don't be messing with me.
Today, that's the excuse to Azure, you know.
We don't want to take care of business.
Well, budget meetings are great.
And tomorrow there will be a distant relative who's died somewhere in like Czechoslovakia.
Right?
Even though there ain't no more Czechoslovakia.
But there will be some history and there will be some excuse.
I think I'm getting ready to get me a real agent, you know what?
I'm getting ready to Schmidt-Kenneth to see if they are orange.
That's the leafroot cake that baseball obsessed fruit cake.
Hey, guess what, Norma? The season just about over.
Tomorrow, let's ain't going to make it.
I just mentioned it in passing. You silly fruit you.
26 past one at five, 60 WQN.
And people are trying to hear a lot of people just now coming back from the summer time,
from Labor Day, the holidays, the hurricanes, all of these things.
So we owe it to them to kind of explain what else is going on here.
When anybody tells us, well, let's you know.
Jim Mandat, you two, we know that.
We got the Humper, Hank Goldberg, back after eight of lengthy.
Re-Ikittles, Assign, Suspension, and Vacations, and more suspension,
Hank is back four to six thirty.
Then you got your Marlins on deck six, thirty, seven o'clock Marlins at the expose.
I'm one of the least significant games in history,
and then any camp to the baseball game.
Did you ever fight out to the Marlins the expose, have any more home games after the series or what?
No, who cares?
Come on now, that's heavy duty stuff.
I get to get a whole bunch of frogs out there really whipped up.
About 30 men.
Yeah.
In fact, they hit like six or seven and marched and all through Montreal.
And they were with the placards saying, a party, who jump on Z.
Or some crap like that.
It is a beautiful city, though Montreal.
It's just the people that suck.
Kinda like South Florida.
You haven't had to tell you for a long time how you need to shop at one eight hundred mattress.
Well, guess what?
Now I want to tell you even more.
Dalmatris is proud to carry the top, the names of the business including now.
Cine Posterpedic, the number one brand in mattresses.
Call one eight hundred mattress today, and you get factory direct prices on all.
Cine Posterpedics.
When you call one eight hundred mattress, you get same day delivery all across South Florida.
By calling one eight hundred mattress, you're choosing the deepest and widest selection of seaweed bending.
All available for same day delivery and that tour window that you choose to fit your schedule.
And Dalmatris of course shows up on time 99.7% of the time.
What's not to like?
Dalmatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were one of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local turks of excellence awards.
So if you want to waste a lot of time and money and gas,
slap around in comparison shopping, you're betting in department stores.
And then you'll still come back and make that one easy call.
What you can do right now is sitting on your fat ass and get to the best deal all the way around as far as price selection and delivery to.
Call one eight hundred mattress or check them out on the web at mattress.com one eight hundred MATTRES.
Yours means it means it's going to be a new rocket.
It's going to be a new day AM.
Big Miss Nobember, leak your voice heard in a soothing and non-interruptive way.
Miss Nobember, soft rock, the volume.
Hello, I'm Phil Collins, did it?
Please join me in my other adult contemporary friends and soft rock the vote.
Well, you in aeronautic glory.
That's right, Phil. I'm Gloria Estesna.
Get on your feet. Come on and make it happen.
Register to soft rock, the vote.
The Oakland statement to Islamic extremist worldwide senior counterterrorism official said this week.
The official said the networks aim in the US and in other countries as well is mainly to disrupt the democratic process in a more general sense.
Strecking a merc at a time of heightened sensitivity perhaps they would see that as a feather in their cap said one senior administration official,
along with three others brief reporters on condition of anonymity Monday about the pre-election threat.
The official said that while intelligence repeatedly indicates that al-Qaeda operatives opposed president Bush,
no evidence has been found they hope they successful attack might boost the candidacy of Democrats John Kerry.
The anti-bush sentiments here is the most important part. Listen carefully to this line.
The anti-bush sentiments the official said are part of a broader hatred of the United States and Western democracies as a whole.
And of course they have a lot of company in that first part of that sentence.
A broader hatred of the US.
It's really not for our consumption the official said they motor behind the attack.
It's for their supporters to whip them up into a frenzy to make them more gung-ho.
Vice President Cheney is we know sparked intense democratic outrage this month when he said while campaigning in Iowa that if voters make the wrong choice,
the most important part of the system members second, the danger is that we'll get hit again.
Cheney later with everyone is pushed but of course realizing that most people wouldn't forget the original words said he didn't mean that if Kerry were elected,
then al-Qaeda would attack. Did he mean that?
Terrorism enlist and government officials have said however that al-Qaeda was emboldened by the March commuter train bombings in the grid,
which was effected when the austere spains for a ruling party.
The four senior officials said they've continued to receive intelligence confirming al-Qaeda's intentions to attack prior to the election,
which the US government's been warning about since spring.
One of they stopped warning.
Let's see we had the fourth of July.
We had Russia-Syra, Yom Kipper, Sokis, Simhastura, Mayday, Memorial Day, Labor Day, New Year's, remember that?
Yeah. Christmas, Easter Sunday, all Saints Day, Quanza.
Quanza.
Oh and of course, guess what's coming up? I'm not really sure exactly when it starts but it's very very soon.
Ramadan, aramadana, aramadana.
Is there a unit like all of Canuary?
No, as soon as that I believe.
Ask one of your Schmuckt and friends, Zilna. I don't know anybody.
Oh yeah you do. Come on. Well I ask here.
We got nothing. Man, oh no.
No, I'll just go on talk to the Ked drivers.
Wow. I mean if they want to hide terrorists in Canada or anywhere in the Western hemisphere, Toronto's the place, eh?
Wow, wow, wow, wow. Well we got more varieties of head gear here than you ever even knew existed.
Not a fact at this point. I know like five Israelis and still no Arabs.
And you remember I told you if you once ago that, well that's why you have such a Jonas view.
Yeah, you just don't know any nice Israelis yet. I'm sure there must be some.
Oh, remember I told you that the Dalai Lama was in town.
And then all those purple shrouded, purple hazed people were, oh boy.
It's just yes you want to crawl.
I think we're orange.
No, purple.
You better get with it mister. No, that's what's his name.
Tim McVeigh was who were in orange and starting today is Martha Stewart.
If she reported to us at Virginia or West Virginia with a banjo on her thing,
she reported for duty in jail today. Martha Stewart, you know that?
Oh, I saw it on the, uh, so all they have sought on the TV.
So it must be true.
Oh, and we also saw the economies doing so great.
That's what the Bushmeister would tell us. That's why Zelda Airlines said yesterday.
It'll cut wages by 10% and it's cheap executive will go unpaid for the rest of the year.
Kind of like what Al Franken was going to do in America.
But it's still warm. Delta did a bankruptcy within weeks and less more cuts are made.
So let's say US scared they're right on the edge. Delta, they're going under.
We got 1.7 million jobs lost.
First time since hebert Heaver and the Great Depression.
The war is going to hell on a handbasket, even rolling coal and sell out of Powell says that.
The economy is going to hell.
We had four hurricanes at about five minutes because of global warming and spiderweb fed as governor Bush tells us.
And so, you know, what's not to like, right?
Right. I say four more years.
And by that, and another four years, that about kind of wrap it up.
151 at 560 WDQM, who want to know more about following a low-carb diet.
You want the best tasting, largest selection of low-carb foods at the best price than head for a store that's.
Entirely dedicated to you and your needs. It's called the lights of West Boka.
Whether you're starting or restarting the act, it's the sugar bus students in the South Beach or any low-carb sugar free diet.
The lights of West Boka isn't always has been the number one low-carb store in town.
Now, even shop your local groceries to offer some of the basics.
But if you want a better selection of low-carb goodies, if you want to sample anything in the store before you buy it.
And if you want people who really know low-carb diet inside and out with a friendliest customer service,
then this is the place for you. The low-carb headquarters need the lights of West Boka.
You'll find over 1200 delicious products there like carbolite ice cream, bread, pasta, chocolate, brownies, cookies, and lots more.
The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. and you'll find them.
On the northeast corner of Glades Road in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb LOW-CAR-B on a web at lowcarb.com.
There's only one, but what a store it is.
The lights of West Boka, your official, Atkins Retail Center.
If you want to see the new Roger Street, you can find some of the two of you.
You may be in.
Two.
Those are the two of you.
She's already here now.
Looks like it's like the roadside.
Now from the body roll walls.
Far from the shop, body, bow, and ice.
Those are the rice of the house.
It happens when she relies.
She raised her criminal powers.
Far from the body, bells and eyes.
It keeps her safe, holding her back.
And she ran for her favorite sadness.
She's in a trowsome.
And she's happy to have anyone.
I don't say they want somebody.
What's like she's married in a golden, golden, clean, and size.
And she's happy to have anyone.
She doesn't mean to talk.
And if she's always surprised.
She's willing to make sure.
Far from the body, bells and eyes.
She gave us two and a voice.
And she had voice.
And she's made a loving voice.
And we mentioned that.
And she smells just like the magic stars.
And she's a big liar.
Far from the body, bells and eyes.
Far from the wash and man.
They'll be pick it on the first lady.
One 50s and pretty tough on the first lady.
Yeah, pretty hard on it.
One 58, we have the mad dog stand and buy next.
One of these days, not soon.
Because we knew too many of those food polls.
But the worst item, then we want to do the best of your favorite fast food item at any of fast food joint.
We never did the worst.
And since these people are so, they want to get out of their system, that would be good.
The worst piece of crap.
You're like a big Mac.
Or like a wapper at Burger King.
Big piece of rubber.
Did you tell me, did I die dream it?
I said that you, did I hear you say you aided Burger King during the past 10 years?
Oh, good.
Maybe I dreamed it. Maybe it was a nightmare.
Here's the poll results so far.
This turned out to be good poll.
Thanks for our good friend Sean.
Tomorrow I think we'll do the curmudgeon one.
You know, I like that one.
Mm-hmm.
Cressy.
Crankey, you'll find out I'll be on here.
I hope we get a lot of votes.
And then of course, don't forget, you know who they didn't put on here?
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Yes, you're out of sight out of mind.
We'd like to get back to the day when Moe was unbeatable.
Remember those days?
No matter what poll you put him on.
Who's got the biggest head?
Who's the biggest piece of crap?
Who's, you know, got the most notorious voice?
Who's got the loveliest eyes in Moe?
Right?
Right.
What do you miss most about the 60s that was our poll question now?
I mean, eating a few cashews now.
So, okay.
A little cheese earlier, a little bit of assiago and a few cashews right now.
So, I apologize profusely for eating on here.
Not.
You were eating assiago on here.
I was eating assiago and I was very much enjoying seeing too happy about that.
But, you know, what choice?
Too freaking bad, bitch.
Here's the idea of what you miss most about the 60s.
Six hundred and eighty nine votes.
It wasn't born yet, hundred eighty three, twenty six and a half percent.
The music, hundred and three, the music.
And we never played any dammit.
Well, maybe I'll do it alone.
Democrats with balls, line three, the sex sixty two.
Kippy chicks fifty nine, light athletes forty three.
And there was a whole bunch of them back in the sixties.
And in the fifties, forget about it.
Sheep gas twenty seven, the drugs twenty four, the drugs, a real free press twenty one.
Jack and Bobby twenty one, rest in peace.
Segregation twenty for all those races, don't they?
Believe me, we got a lot.
My youth nineteen, let's move it up.
Edible fast food seven, maybe even fax this for tomorrow show what that was.
Three maps of gas station five and good radio.
Oh, good God, it was good only two.
Bye, bye, bye.
How was that show?
We were looking at ten inches.
Nine.
