Call this big market radio?
No.
No.
No.
Your positions that they cause John Kerry is out to sue your fate.
It's those questions about the National Guard that might leave your rep.
You station start.
It's fun to say you're not AWOL and you can't move your novel.
AWOL.
Oh my God.
Funny thing, the military can't find where you were.
That one year's time you party then you went AWOL and daddy hooked you to AWOL.
If you don't make a clean with the story that's real you might earn back voter up to you.
Yeah but what about those medals?
So what about the Jane Fonda and what about the party?
All of these things.
Right.
It's just scary how many stupid people are out there.
Oh and I look away at it again.
Wow just like real abrupt.
Just like like that.
10 out of two at five sixty WQM happy Tuesday to you.
Start out with a bad story.
Well we always start out with a bad story.
A couple of them as a matter of fact.
Petty Officer third class Nathan Beat Brookenthal 24 of Smithtown, New York with the first Coast Guard member killed in battle since Vietnam.
The Coast Guard said he was assigned to the Coast Guard Air Station in Dania and was in Iraq helping guard an oil terminal.
Wounded me attack was Petty Officer third class Joseph Thieurg Hero 23 of a very mass who was also stationed in Miami.
Brookenthal was an native of Long Island, son of Northport Village Police Chief.
He was living in Dania Beach where his wife Patricia is three months pregnant with her first child when he was deployed to Iraq.
He joined the Coast Guard six years ago.
More bad news.
Deledak.
Another dead person.
Last exit, Requiem author Selby dead.
Hubert Selby Jr.
Who?
You better get with it.
You're just out of touch.
Hubert Selby Jr.
No relation to Joe Mars Jr.
The acclaimed and anguished author of last exit to Brookenthal and Requiem for a dream died Monday of lung diseases wife said he was 75.
Selby died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at his home in the Highland Park section of LA said his wife for 35 years Suzanne.
Born in New York, Selby's experience among Brookenthal's really long Sherman homeless in the down and out formed the Abasis for his law of 64 novel last exit to Brookenthal which was made into a film in 1989.
Didn't see it.
You see it?
Nope.
Oh.
It was a seminal piece of work.
It broke so many predictions that Jim Regan.
Head of the Masters of Professional Writing Program at the University of Southern California where Selby taught as an adjunct professor for the past 20 years.
There was that generation of writers William Drow's Henry Miller and then there was Hubert Selby and he's one of the life of that generation some of the greatest writers in this country.
Suzanne Selby said her late husband was kind and generous but a recent year suffering from depression occasionally would launch into Rages.
He screamed he already broke things she said but didn't have Rages when he was writing.
He screamed he all he carried on.
He like all of these things right.
His other novels include The Room, The Demon, The Willow Tree, a collection short story, some of the Silent Snowpulles 1986.
He contracted tuberculosis as a child except from breathing problems ever since he was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease several years ago.
Not a good thing.
And his wife said that while he battled many admissions and much of his work dealt with the topic.
He always wrote while sober and had any booze of rugs since 1969.
Love with his wife survived by four children, love and grandchildren.
He did.
Hubert Selby Jr. reckoned for a dream.
He's dead.
You get it?
I got it.
Okay.
Who was he?
A guy.
Anyway, who we got on the beaded curtain today?
Well, actually we have a bonus for him.
We got a two for one like.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Maybe three for one depending on what you're counting.
We got a Eman.
Eman.
Which I never heard of her before.
American lie.
And say, oh, yeah, Eman.
Oh, he's what a man.
I mean, what a lady.
You didn't see her on Oprah?
No, I don't watch Oprah.
Thank goodness.
I'm very proud of what I would say.
Do not watch Oprah.
No real man watches Oprah.
And I don't either.
Contrary to the prolific universal belief that she was a wild untamed beauty that's spoken unknown language.
And we discovered hurting goats to the Somalian belt.
The origins of celebrity for Magnum's supermodel and now cosmetics entrepreneur, Eman.
Our blanding comparison to the facts.
The simple truth is that Eman was a university of Nairobi, Coed, working her way toward a degree in political science.
When World Rennon glam photography, Peter Beard spotted her walking across the campus.
He said, would you like to be my beard?
Not exactly hurting goats, but pushing a bicycle instead.
Recalls Eman.
Wow, this goes.
Oh, and this is a biography that goes on forever.
It goes up, up, up, up, up, up.
After 16 years of laboring before the camera lenses as a model and walking hundreds of glamorous miles of top to run weight Eman said enough.
And in 1989, traded in a hallabaloo of New York for the harsh quiet of LA to pursue a career on the silver screen.
While in Hollywood, Eman won number of significant parts in movies and TV shows including Out of Africa, Star Trek, no way out and exit to Eden.
Shacting seemed so natural to me since fashion is every ounce is the article is acting, she said.
Oh, let's see. She, uh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
How come it is anything about David Bowie in here?
I have.
What does?
After taking a minute to step off the movie set in Mary Super Rocker, David Bowie, Eman, again, set her sights on Manhattan.
The next reincarnation, the founding of her own cosmetic company designed exclusively for women of color and eponomously named Eman.
So there you go. She's got her own brand of cosmetics for slightly dark, maybe she in too dark.
She's fairly light.
A little darker than Michael Jackson kind of somewhere in between Michael Jackson, Troy Stradford, I would say.
Well, she doesn't have lit a vi go like Michael does.
I see.
Uh, speaking of Troy Stradford came in a distant third in a celebrity charity race, the miniature horse race at Pompello Park last night, a distant third out of a field of three.
Right.
Former New York Jetskicker Don Sylvester was the winner.
Woody Bennett was second, former Adolphin running back briefly.
And Troy Stradford was distant third way down the stretch.
He was estimated to have finished third by 20 lengths.
At least I was close to the acts most of the race.
Woody Bennett said, look, as if Troy Stradford didn't have the hands as he was having trouble keeping his horse on trot most of the way.
Hey, I tried Stradford said that I had such a winning career with Adolphins.
I didn't want these guys to be crying again if I beat them in the race.
Nice going Troy.
Who are you kidding?
The hands of brick.
Kind of like some of the guys at Pompello Park.
I don't want to know mention no names.
David Graham.
But anyway, let's see.
Let's take a look at the poll from yesterday and we got that Howard Stern story.
Wait till Thursday, man.
If these numbers from San Diego and indication what's going to be happening in the keep channel markets where a Stern god dumped in those six markets, including Miami.
Oh boy.
Oh my god.
It is going to be like you I'm Kipper for big 106 on Thursday.
Did you hear the number I read to miss muff about the San Diego in the morning show?
No.
You didn't hear that?
No, it's busy dealing with dilemmas.
Oh, forget about it.
Oh, it's speaking to that.
Guess who's in Toronto right now?
River.
No.
Same the sound just the same as what you just said.
Aw.
Let me give you a little clue.
Louis Armstrong.
Hello, Dali.
Sorry.
Lama.
Dali Lama is here.
Oh yeah.
You're going to go see Dali Lama.
In fact, I've seen many of these geckys running around and they're purple.
The Buddhist you know and they're kind of reddish purple.
Whatever the color is.
The outfit they wear.
What do you call that thing?
A smatha.
That the purple smatha they wear the Buddhists.
So anyway, the Dali Lama is here.
And of course, I'm wondering what does anybody care?
What is that all about?
The Dali Lama.
What does anybody care about Tibet?
No.
I mean, we got some people on the station who like Tibet, but that's another story.
Anyway, so the Dali Lama is here.
If anybody wants to see him come by say hi, Dali.
Hey, hello, Dali.
Hey, semi old man.
Anyway, let's take a look at what we saw yesterday's pool before we talk about the rating stuff.
All these things.
Got a heavy duty plate we got today's pool.
About kind of gives me the heebie-jeebies when I think about it.
Yesterday's pool.
The worst heebie show of all time.
I guess I better print this sucker out.
Shouldn't I?
Because there's a long list here.
And I do want to read each and every one.
Twice.
Do you think that's a really good idea?
Do you ask me why?
I said twice then we can go home.
Oh, okay.
I know it's a long and prestigious list.
We have a little technical problem there.
I sure hope it's not involving the rest of our audience and only in the building there.
You know the building where they didn't bother getting me paid on time yesterday.
I just mentioned that again in passing a county lady.
The same a county lady who was playing book boss about,
oh, we can't spend $50 to send a couple of toothbrushes up there in the old Toronto.
It just toothbrushes, let him brush his teeth with his finger.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
But then on the other hand, what comes my check through yesterday,
the 26th no less, uh, did it show up in a mail?
No.
No.
So once again, there's poor Miss Muffer running around doing everybody else's job.
Which is okay because you don't really have one of his own to do anyhow.
There he was running around taking care of business for the accounting later.
Whatever.
I don't even want to get into it.
We've had more accounting ladies since I've been.
But third man every few weeks because generally they, they're like the waitresses at the old wolfies, you know.
They rip off the apron, they scream, I'm getting out of this place.
If I'm not house and they, they leave.
Which is generally how the accounting people at QAM do too because the beesleaves don't like paying their bills.
Oh, I'm sorry.
The worst TV show of all time is the Rick Sanchez show.
Rick, they hate you like poison man.
In fact, isn't he on right now?
10 to 11 in the end.
Flip on channel, uh, six there.
What, whatever it is on the cable.
Is it that cable is so screwed up?
Oh, yeah.
There's Rick Sanchez.
I have a little bit.
There's one thing I learned.
Yes, one thing I learned.
Don't drink and drive man.
It's not a good idea, especially in front of the stadium when it's real crowded.
Anyway, the Rick Sanchez show the worst TV show of all time 294, which I guarantee is triple the audience watching it right now.
And in the call show 205, not even close to Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
Dr. Phil 154, a very respectable third.
The 700 club with a grinning drooling Pat Robertson 133.
Magic Johnson, chat show had 102.
Survivor 91, Rosio Donald show 82.
I miss is so boring in the morning 58 or any of the time to he hot 48.
American Idol 32, Rosanne 29,
Deuce by an angel 23.
The Jerry Springer show tied with our Cineo Hall 21 only Jerry still on here and making millions.
Friends 20, the nanny 18.
I think she just making appearance on our pool today, you know.
LNG Generate 18, the love boat 17, P.W.
P House and playhouse 16, playways P House, full house 15.
Deuce has it 15, Chevy Chase show 15, little house on the Prairie 15.
The Joey Reynolds show sneak to there with 14.
I didn't even know that Josh actually put him on there yesterday.
I thought he kind of like left him off, but there he is.
I am that hemorrhoid.
14, I would have pretty much variety out which I think is a lot of similarity there.
The gong show and fear factor reach head 13 and Johnny loves Chachi a dozen.
Mama's family 10, the 18, nine trials and charge eight around the Horn 8,
lost in space eight and is just a zillion on our read all of these.
Holy moly, I don't realize we had so many shows on here.
I'll just take the ones that didn't get any.
Puget loves Bernie too close for comfort.
What's happening?
What's happening?
Mike Douglas show named that tune and you bet your life out of almost 17 or two vote.
They didn't get any.
So that's a good sign I guess for them although quite frankly.
But you bet your life that's good didn't get any.
I can believe that guy called it in.
What a jackass.
What a jack hole like I was.
You know what?
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM is your company suffering from regulation to decrease labor cost
that always is outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services.
Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call Oasis outsourcing two day for a fee evaluation at 1 866 at Oasis.
That's 1 866 2 8 6 27 47 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide.
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Ossourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful man had been choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable as a matter of fact maybe they ought to be handling our payroll sounds like a good idea to me.
For a fee evaluation call toll free 1 866 at Oasis.
That's 1 866 2 8 6 27 47 for Oasis outsourcing.
Oasis outsourcing.
I am law.
This is which we will buy secure.
You way am.
No.
Were you drudge back in?
Oasis for this week's episode were recorded in Metatome.
March.
I'm home.
I want to survey sir.
I mean beer.
Sorry homie, but there is no more beer in the refrigerator.
No, stop the refrigerator.
I can't buy. Don't ever come.
But why can't you be more nice like your sister Lisa?
Good-bye, Mr. Padley.
So, sir, I mean I can finally have a pony.
Lisa, honey. We can afford a pony.
How about a little donkey?
You know, a bulldozer.
More, more, Lisa.
Domino Eriro, donkey is called a burrito.
Hmm.
Burrito.
Truly and next week when all the sins and voices will be outsourced to India.
Snitters who is being that man in sector C.
Oh, that is being former Zips.
This is being excellent.
It's been 18 at 5.60 W.A.M.
We got Zack in there for Josh Cordis today.
Big fan Zack is probably eating right now as we speak.
Good morning.
Are you eating?
I'm not eating yet.
Taking a little bit of a break.
Okay, till how he shows up with 40 pounds of bacon.
It's straight, you know.
And you will burn in health reading all that bacon.
Grease fire.
But it's so good.
As if you're really choosy, right?
And he got a waist 350.
He's choosy.
He's choosy. In fact, he might be qualified for the poll today, him and the beast.
Matter of fact.
Today's poll, which of these people fits the description?
Two Jewish.
Tomorrow we'll do which, what are we doing tomorrow?
Two Cuban.
Two Black.
Two Italian and two Gay.
Those are the five categories that I came up with.
Huh?
Right.
In fact, this one may not, I don't know, we want to do the whole four hours.
Although I guess we better because with all the technical problems that we're hearing there with the internet connection.
For some strange reason, the QA and studios can't connect with Eric and he can't connect with them.
And they can't get out of our website.
And whatever.
We just can't get out of it.
We can go everywhere else though.
Evidently, I have no problem here.
Everything looks just fine to me.
And evidently, some other people are voting too because we got the whole Schmidt load of votes came on at the SN.
They're on the TV shows.
So for a change, it's strictly a QAM problem.
How unusual, huh?
I could play Bellevue Brian, but that would probably be in very poor taste.
I hate this place.
That would be cruel and insensitive, and another shout out to our engineering and the whole Beasley operation, which is like,
to be there fault and probably is not.
Yeah, well, let's blame him anyway.
Especially since I get my check yesterday because that accounting bitch still want me to get my toothbrushes.
Well, guess what? I'm getting him anyway.
How do you like that, honey?
Whether or without your help.
I mean, granted, it's not a big deal.
I mean, I got plenty of toothbrushes, but just not those radius ones.
There's a product, like I said, if anybody wants me to do spots for a product, of course the only problem is you've got to find a place to buy it.
Well, why do you think that is?
So, is there like some kind of a monopoly going on toothbrushes?
Oh, and I've got another piece of news for us being on toothbrushes?
So, do you know the oral Be toothbrushes?
In fact, I've got one, which I'm never going to use again.
It's got the little switch on.
They're like the little electric motor in there.
Yeah, yeah.
And it, well, guess what those things do?
They buy.
If you have mercury fillings, listen to me.
Yeah, I can't.
You have mercury fillings.
It loosens up the vapors from the mercury in your mouth and releases them into your system.
See, when you go on, have your teeth cleaned by, you know, your hygienist at the dentist's orifice, they do it like very quickly and they like wash it all out and they only put a little poison into your system.
But when you're brushing with that every day, like with crust.
Pressing.
Pressing.
It's releasing all the mercury.
So, unless you don't have any mercury fillings in your mouth anymore, I would not be using one of those.
Again, it's just my suggestion.
I know that there's some people really fanatic about that whole thing about mercury fillings and the fact that it stays in your body a long, long time.
In fact, even past year when you're dead, it's probably still like glowing and killing it.
Right.
Howard Stern's radio ratings up amid FCC flap.
Oh, did I get to the pool?
No.
What's in these people?
Best fits in description to Jewish.
In other words, when you see him, her, it, you get the heebie-gibies.
Very shambling.
Friend, pressure, the nanny, I voted for her.
She just, I can't stand her.
She's a walking-ath-racking cynicism.
In fact, the ADL ought to prohibit the reruns of that show from being shown.
Jerry Seinfeld or Jackie Mason, that was our short list of four to which you can add.
Joe Lieberman.
Huh?
Joe Lieberman.
I added that so that I could.
Oh, Joe Lieberman?
Telepathically, yeah.
Oh, he just, yeah.
Two Jewish and two Wimpy.
I think.
But he was there with John Kerry, though, the day they raked the Kerry, my, my, even has to
waste his time.
I got the Tom Olfant column from the Boston Globe about he was standing four feet behind Kerry
when he threw his medals or ribbons or whatever he wanted to call him.
And he's got the real story on that and the way that the trying to manipulate this.
And boy, you talk about Hutzpah.
You got this eight-wall president and Dick Taney, you got five deferments so we didn't have
to go put his ass on line if he had none.
And they're not going to carry for his military service.
It's just, it's pathetic.
The fact that actually this sticks with some of the morons out there, somebody, a morons
out there.
But you deal with the demolector.
What can I tell you?
If you weren't a Kerry, be 40, 50 points in already.
What's this thing you just facts?
Dear George Neal, here's how we might stabilize.
Oh, I don't want to hear about that.
Stabilizer rack.
I don't want to even look at that crap.
Don't send me any more of that garbage.
You can't, we're not doing a light dog radio.
God, although I do have zillions of really great articles here today.
But look at all those phone lines coming in there.
But before we get to that, what we'll do one.
WQM, hello.
Hey, can I have one for you?
Yes, sir.
Woody Allen.
Woody Allen is too damn Jewish.
Good band, yeah.
Well, he's also too neurotic.
Well, that's part of the whole Jewish syndrome, you know?
He's a nebush.
He's the poster.
Nebush is the word.
He's the poster child for nebush.
And while him and Julie Bergman, that's a good battle.
Ooh, that's another pull for a future date.
Keep it in mind.
Who of these is the biggest nebush of them all?
Who do you think would win at a slot fight?
A friend, pressure.
So there is Woody Allen for you.
Which of these people fits the description just too Jewish?
I get the Heavie-Geebies just thinking about him.
WQM, hello.
How come they all are here?
Pretty good, sir.
I got one for your pull.
Okay.
If it tears my kiss, he's out to look at Barry Mallow.
Barry Mallow is just too Jewish and too, he'll probably be on another pull, too.
Okay, thanks.
Good choice.
Mandy, da da da.
Oh, it is Hisaka.
Well, we can't say talk about that anymore.
Can we know?
Back in the day, though, we could have probably made a quadruple on time.
And that will be not anymore.
Federal regulators may have painted a big bullseye and Howard Stern's ass.
But through what else doesn't say that, here it says back.
But I think ass is more appropriate.
But the recent government cracked down on an indecent sea over their waves,
has proven a boon to the shock-jocs ratings.
So speaking of that, isn't that amazing?
Haven't I always told you that everything in life kind of like weaves together?
Right.
Speaking of boon, the boon in the box, Eric has done a magnificent job in largeing that thing.
And obviously, if you saw it early, you know, he needed some enlarging badly.
It grew so on our beaded curtain, not only do we have Iman, but underneath Iman.
So to speak, is a very large blown up pat boon in the box for everyone to see.
I beg your pardon, yes, I can say that I just the out through sand it is.
Because back in the day, he sure was a pretty young guy, but nevertheless.
So there's goody Tushu's pat boons sticking his package to a cardboard box for all to see.
Maybe there were some toothbrushes in it.
Anyway, the Ryeball Radio Huskin, back-towards Spurham, scored major gains in listenership
during the Winter Quarter ended March 31st in the three biggest markets in New York, L.A. Chicago,
according to figures released by Arbatron on Monday.
We'll see what happens in the South Florida Thursday, 11th, 13th, and morning.
In Stern's home market of New York, where he shows broadcast on K-Rock,
he topped all morning drive competition with a 7.2 share in total audience.
That's 12 plus a 7.2, which is staggering up 22% from the fall quarter and 18% from last winter.
Let's see, Stern's show had the number two in total audience last fall, but it's back big time number one.
Thanks to $80 billion with the pre-publicity.
Stern also returned to number one during the first quarter among New York listeners, 18 to 34 and 25 to 54.
Overall, it was his best showing in the nation's top markets since the fall of 2000,
in L.A. where he's carried on KLSX FM, Stern climbed back to number one on the key demographic 2554 for the first time since the summer of 95.
He also rose from sixth place to fourth place in total drive time audience with a 4.2 share,
and in Chicago, Stern posted a 23% gain in morning drive, jumping from 15th place to number nine.
So it is so rich, huh? It says the latest round of fines after they were proposed,
you should have statement calling the FCC's actions a McCarthy type rich hunt, which is correct.
Stern also accused the Republican dominated FCC of simply him out.
Well, see, that's the whole thing. He made a martyr out of himself, and it succeeded.
Even though Bubba loves Sponge, got canned, the guys in Atlanta, the regular guys, they got canned,
the man cow got fine, but again, it's all about Howard, and it worked.
But this paragraph right here, this may be the most staggering piece of radio news in history,
until Thursday, at least, in San Diego, which was one of these six cheap channel markets had dumped him.
Let me see how my memory is. It was Miami, Rochester, Louisville, Orlando, Pittsburgh, and San Diego.
What a memory for crap. In San Diego, one of the markets where it shows
is removed by Clear Channel radio station, KIOZ's FM's drive time ratings drop from an 8.9 share in February.
This is in the monthlies, 8.9 in February, to a 0.7 in March, a 0.7 in the first month without Stern,
Stern's share remains indicated in total 36 stations. And 8.9 to a 0.7, big 106, man, you are going to disappear on Thursday.
Just going to vanish right off your radio dial. That's where everybody saw the big drop in that trend just after one week.
You ain't seen nothing yet. That's a beautiful difference.
27 after 10 at 5. 60 Clear Channel's anti-Christ make no mistake about it. Just say to Clear Channel,
tell him, uh, come there and dread like I say in Tibet. That's what the Dalai Lama said that the other day.
I said, how you doing, Dalai said, hope they're in dread. I said, that catch it.
Think about it for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront location that means beating the competition on every dimension.
That's what Dalai mattress has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years.
When you call 1 800, Mac for you get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better everything.
Dalai mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch award for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before during an after the sale.
Unlike Todd Dreck, when you call 1 800, Mac for some people with under expert vetting consultants, you'll rest assured you're getting the best possible.
I have just the top name brand, CERDA, Simmons, King Royal Tempority, Sterns and Foster, he what they got them all.
At 1 800, Mac for you discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery. Their Dalai mattress takes same day orders all day long from candlestore to pompeach to Ford Myers.
And don't forget, it's true when you call 1 800, Mac for you pick the day into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered.
When it's convenient for you and they're mighty proud of their delivery record on time deliveries, 99.7% of the time.
I'm one of Zidians that satisfy Dalai mattress customers and you will be two when you make that call, 1 800, Mac for you.
Or log on to their website, Macris.com. Dalai mattress 1 800, M-A-T-T-R-E-S, the easiest possible way to buy you a mattress and get a great night's sleep for years to come.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I
I suck, I suck, I suck, I suck, I suck, I sound like a clownor
guys a guy with a gun in his heart
hat, and a zaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Gary Shaddling, 6th, Jerry Sainteville, 3 Woody Allen, 2, Barry Mantle, we don't have any yet.
And somebody says, David Schwimmer, one of the pusses from Friends.
With little Hebrew message here at the bottom of this fax.
David Schwimmer, you got that?
We got it.
Now how are we handling this very carefully?
It's lowly, yeah.
We have a little bit of a technical thing, so if these names don't pop up on her,
like just right away just calm down, okay, just relax.
How do you like that thing in San Diego?
Those are that amazing?
I got to read that just one more time to make sure I didn't make a mistake.
K-I-O-Z-F-M, that was a station Stern was on in San Diego.
He had an 8.9 share in February and in March, a 0.7.
That is, I never heard of such a thing, did you?
No, I've heard.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Wait till Thursday morning, 11.30 in the morning when we see Big 106
just fall off the face of the earth, vanish.
And of course, if the people are suffering from asserting listeners,
they'll say bye-bye to Clear Channel altogether.
But we'll see how that plays out.
WDQAM, hello.
Thank you, nothing.
Well, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Witness to you.
Great.
I'd like to ask your vote.
Yes?
How about Sammy Davis Jr.?
He was definitely two Jewish.
Hi, Sally.
Okay, Sammy Davis Jr.
Did he have that Jewish nose?
He may not have had a Jewish nose, but he sure had an eye for a...
Oh, that's bad, huh?
Put him on there just for kicks.
Okay, just for fun.
Sammy Davis Jr.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil, I got one for the poll.
How about...
Ira Wenderman.
Is two Jewish?
I never heard.
Ira, he's not with the Humper.
Oh, my God, you gotta plug into him.
He's the poster boy.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Ira Wenderman is Jewish with a name like that.
Or he may.
Ira Wenderman, you got it, Zach?
Yep.
He's part of a Jewel crew here at WGOM.
And...
What?
What are you laughing about?
We're having duty.
We got a couple of token coin miners.
X-Jocks, you know, like a little dog, the big dog.
But other than that, it's all Jews all day.
We got Moan Geldy.
There's a...
There's a two Jew for you.
Two live Jews.
Well, at least one and a half, anyway.
We put them out there?
No, if somebody wants to vote for them, don't start getting ahead of yourself.
Okay, just relax.
We're taking our time.
If somebody wants to vote for them, fine.
If not, that's okay, too.
You know what I'm talking about?
Absolutely.
Who's relaxed?
And as far as Geldy.
Well, he's got other fish to fry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, that's it?
I did the two of them don't speak.
I think I told you that.
Yeah.
Jackie Mason 29, friend, Ressure 19, Joe Lieberman, Jew Lieberman 15, Jerry Shandling
6, Jerry Seinfeld 3, what do you want to say?
I'm looking for the other names that I don't hear yet because it's taken a while.
It'll take probably to what?
About 145.
They're about...
Oh, speaking of religion, I love this.
Now, see, we were both wrong.
We both thought that that novel, the Da Vinci Code was a sucking up to Christianity book,
come to find out just the opposite.
Somebody called it about that.
Right.
I recall.
But now today's Lori Goodstein, who sounds very Jewish to me.
Now, who now was Lori Goodstein?
Where do I know him from?
Where do I know that name?
Huh?
Did Lori Goodstein write for the advocate or something like that?
I don't know.
I know that name very, very well.
Anyway, Lori Goodstein writes, defenders of Christianity rebut the Da Vinci Code rebut.
Right them.
Fearing that the best selling novel the Da Vinci Code may be sowing doubt about basic Christian
beliefs.
Oh, my God.
A host of Christian churches, clergy members, and Bible scholars are rushing to rebut it.
How do you like that?
They rebutton it.
In 13 months, readers have bought more than 6 million copies of the book, a historical
thriller that claims Christianity was founded on a cover-up that the churches conspired
for centuries to hide evidence that Jesus was a mere mortal, married Mary Magdalene,
had children who descendants live in France.
Word that the director Ron Howard is making the movie based on the book is intensified
the Quidditch's urgency.
We'll show you a thing or two, Mel Gibson.
You jackhole.
More than 10 books are being released, most in April and May with titles that promise
to break crack on Lockwood, decode the Da Vinci Code.
Churches are offering pamphlets and study guides for readers who may have been prompted
by the novel to question their faith.
Oh, we can't allow that.
No.
Large audiences are showing up for Da Vinci Code lectures and sermons as well.
Because this book is such a direct attack against the foundation of the Christian faith,
it's important that we speak out so that Reverend Erwin W. Lutzer, author of the Da Vinci
Deception, and see, oh, that's what the book was.
And Senior Pastor of Moody Church in Chicago, an influential evangelical pulpit.
In other words, bullcrap house.
The Reverend James Garlo, co-author with Professor Peter Jones of Cracking Da Vinci's Code
and Pastor of Skyline Wesleyan Church in San Diego, where Howard Cernus be very popular
and the co-author said, I don't think it's just an innocent novel with a fascinating plot.
I think it's out there when people over to an incorrect and historically accurate view
and it's not succeeding, people are buying it to the notion that Jesus is not divine.
He is not the son of God.
Well, guess what?
Good for them.
Because the whole story is ludicrous on the face of it.
Just like those weapons of mass destruction, I think they've rebutted that to have an
aid, the weapons of mass destruction.
Oh, they might still turn up today.
What is this thing about Kevin Spacey, you just said?
Oh, just an interesting thing is brother is going to write a book and tell all about him.
Oh, ladies are weirdo?
Yeah, and then some.
And then he's, oh, we can't say that.
Don't forget the, who is it?
Oh, the barber's.
Barber Walters and Barber Streisand, over a good.
We've got to get some women on here.
Alan Greenspan, definitely.
Oh, it's true.
Especially with Ed Snas, with that whole attitude that's causing a lot of us some money.
They all saved the Kevin Spacey thing for later on, okay?
We got the bigger Jews, I mean, a face to pride.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, what do we got on the line up today?
Mad Dog and 2, the Hebrew hammer at 4.
You know, it's much more Jewish than the Humper.
That was fun.
And then it worked from already.
I think he's Jewish too, Annie.
He might be.
Well, he was good enough for Sammy Davis Jr.
Might be good enough for Red to Crow, huh?
I like that one.
He'll be on at the 7 o'clock in because we got those games on the West Coast.
How about those Marlins again last night?
They just keep winning as long as they don't play to brave.
They win just about every friggin day, you know what?
That's amazing.
Are you shocked?
Oh, yeah, the anticipate.
The Crow 70830, Marlins on Dec. 30905 to Marlins at the Rockies game 2.
And in sporting news, why did I say that?
Sorry, like I said, overnight.
20 to 11 at 560 WQM, if your carpets are on a nasty-looking side.
I'm guarantee you, they probably, if you got down on the floor, please don't do it.
Probably don't smell all that good either, you know?
You ever crawl or what you do all the time.
Every time you get sick, you're crawling around on the floor.
So it's a good thing to have dry concepts come in at least once a year and clean those carpets
because then when you crawl around on a floor trying to fight with your life,
hey, these carpets smell like lemony fresh and they look great too.
They look just like brand new.
It's a mahaia right on your floor.
Dry concepts is the best in the world of bringing your carpeting back to life no matter how old and schmutzied they look.
You notice how I'm using a lot of those words today because it fits right in with that topic.
So sanitize your home today using dry concepts, certified and trained in the efficient school.
Dry clean your carpets.
So the only people in the world do it and believe me, you'll see the difference.
And they also give you a written guaranteed price up front people.
They start any work for you, whether it's your carpeting, your area rugs, your oriental rugs, your draper, your poultry,
all of these things they'll clean and professionally and leave you with a fantastic job.
If you want to save even extra money on that job, call them today and ask them to put you understand by list,
which means you can save an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
You really can't clean today and entertain that because your carpets are dry in a couple of hours
and look and feel brand new and smell lemony fresh.
Calm today you'll never dream of calling anybody else to the best in the universe.
I've used them for over 20 years myself.
Call dry concepts tool free.
It's 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
It's my, my, and look all.
This is 4-3-0-5-6-E.
You weigh them.
I'm dying out of here.
Hello, I'm Som.
And I'm Harry.
Here to tell you about a special place.
Just a short window.
From New York is the coconut.
I scoom.
That's where I wanna go.
To get away from it all.
There was that in the coconut.
He can feel damn feet.
I hope that stuff.
Ways shuffleboard if you wish.
I got a nine.
Go for sat any brunch.
I've had the food on top of your day.
I hope it's closer.
In the coconut.
Skaitha and Barquill.
Camel back in Bushhill.
Manelie and Shawnee.
They've seen Mickey Rooney.
Split rock and pesto.
Oop, re-lasco pumpkin in the coconut.
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show.
Ritani Orlando.
In the coconut.
Get a hot shake, Tom.
You'll pour the champagne.
Shit, buy the pool and act like a slub.
Let's get the chicks who get me and I scoom.
Over by the exercise club.
Hey, Julia, behave.
In the coconut.
Skaitha and Barquill.
Camel back in Bushhill.
Manelie and Shawnee.
Don't forget Mickey Rooney.
Split rock and pesto.
Oop, re-lasco pumpkin in the coconut.
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show.
Ritani Orlando.
In the coconut.
Let's go.
If I get your teeth to start.
I got my teeth in the water and they're with them.
Anyway, 1046 and 560.
My favorite part of the movie, Pantso with Anne Bancroff,
is we're in Stimlett, Jewish version instead of where she says.
You ate the yoni.
She says you ate the coffee, Coleman.
We don't want to hear about it anymore, Zach,
about the coffee, Coleman.
Did you do your research on it?
No.
Very shak.
O.J.'s lawyer, somebody says.
That is correct.
He looks like Tom Greck.
Very shak.
Let's get him on there right away.
I think at noon we're going to change the pool.
Is that going to create some kind of chaos and psychosis?
Because it's only going to require the changing of one word.
Eric.
Right?
Right.
Is that a bad idea?
We can do it.
What are you doing?
I mean, we don't want to drag this whole thing out.
There's only, how many people are there?
There are two Jewish.
About 30 men.
Well, I guess you haven't been in sunrise lakes yet.
At any rate, we're in Hollywood.
But at noon we'll switch it over to which of these people,
best fits the description of two gay.
I've got four.
Well, I don't want to, because if I do that now, then they'll start.
You know what?
How they do.
That sounds like an old day with them.
Get out of here.
How many people in the whole country are out of their closet?
About 30 men.
Yeah.
We're not going to come in and grab that.
Huh?
We're not going to limit it to that, are we?
Oh, I see.
You're going to pick on freaky Carlos again?
Oh, he's out.
I was thinking during the break about the incredible at WGOM.
We got like a Jew jam at UAM.
Sure.
This whole quarter of the building.
We got the Maddie Bell.
You got Zach Kransson there filling his fat face.
You got the Beast, Brian London.
What a phony name that is if I ever heard one.
In fact, Zach admitted what you wanted to vacation of.
His family changed their name from Rosen Kransk or something like that to Kransk.
Yeah, it happens a lot.
Yeah.
They got Kransk and their pants.
Who else we got?
We got Mo and Geldy, Me, Clarence, Clarence, Hank, the Humper, Eddie Kay, Maddie Bell.
I said, but he's worth saying again because he's a great friend.
He got a great Reaper and Shy.
Reaper and Shy.
Matter of fact, it's like a, it takes like told noon before Goyam start showing up in here.
Except for Joe Rose.
He's our token morning Goy.
And then of course another Goy is the big.
Oh, he don't belong on the ear at all.
And Joe is a Gackie, there's another Goy.
You notice how the Goyam are the ones that are the worst on the year?
I'm sorry, and the Crow is that.
What is it about that Zach that the Goyam are the worst ones on the year?
I'm sorry.
No, that's not true because the mad dog is great.
And Joe Rose, he and no small potatoes.
Joe Rosenthal.
Joe Rosenthal and Reaper.
He's very good.
Now he's going to be pissed off tomorrow when he finds out you love the amount of the closet.
Wow, Joe Rosenthal, that was his name.
But we just didn't want to have too many Jews all in the morning.
So we had to change it back to Joe Rose.
Although Rosen's very commonly a Jewish name anyway.
Is it?
Now let me ask you this question.
Is the Kentucky Derby this Saturday?
Dye.
I'm pretty sure it is.
And I don't have to do any homework.
And I believe Friday we're going to get a call from Dave Johnson, in which we do every year.
I don't want to be like, uh, sitting around like, huh?
Come with my pants down, especially when Dave Johnson calls.
You know how Jewish he is.
20 years.
Yeah.
And anyway, so we better check that out.
I think the Derby is this Saturday if I'm out of somebody we'll tell us.
Somebody will fax it in because I think it's the first Saturday in May, ain't it?
And Saturday is May, uh, first last time I checked.
Sports is propaganda.
The death of Pat Tillman.
This is by Randy Shaw.
This article is so good.
It's on our website.
I'm going to read it anyway.
Randy Shaw probably can do Rick.
As much as we like to think of big time sports as an escape from the real world,
there are times when it's politically conservative messages must not be ignored.
That's why even non sports fans should be troubled by the militaristic jingle
was in that accompanied media coverage of former NFL star Pat Tillman's death
Thursday night while serving as an Army Ranger in Afghanistan.
Pat Tillman left the Arizona Cardinal football team in May 2002 to join the
military as an Army Ranger.
It was certainly note newsworthy that somebody earning big money as a pro athlete
would give it up to join the military.
But left unspoken in the sports media's ample coverage of Tillman is the
recognition that most Americans dying overseas joined the military for economic
reasons.
Even the media that supported the war as a fight for freedom
find it amazing that anyone would actually sacrifice money to join the warfare.
In the sports world there was not a hit of ambiguity as to the merits of the
cross in which Tillman lost his life.
NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliaboo stated that like others protecting our freedom
around the world, Pat made the ultimate sacrifice.
After Tagliaboo made a statement at the start of Saturday's NFL draft,
the crowd repeatedly chanted USA, USA, ESPN's NFL analyst Mark Sklereth stated
that Tillman made the ultimate sacrifice so that the people of the country
could be protected.
ESPN's Friday Night Sports Center was all over the Tillman story accompanying pictures
of Tillman with waving American flags.
ESPN's website was similarly focused on Tillman and its NFL analyst Mark
Sklereth stated that I just got through reading that.
The Arizona Cardinals announced it would retire his number and that a
plaza surrounding their new state would be named Pat Tillman Freedom Plaza.
At the same time that the sports world was mourning its tribute to Tillman,
Bush campaign operatives and their media allies were requesting Senator
John Kerry's military service during Vietnam.
Suddenly, Kerry's willingness to make the ultimate sacrifice in
Dye for his country was no longer a sign of the great moral leadership and
media associated with Tillman.
In Kerry's case, the GOP got the media to raise questions about the nature of
Kerry's war wounds and whether all three of his purple hearts were deserved.
Of course, George W. Bush never made the ultimate sacrifice or of risking his
life for his country, but Bush once owned the Texas Rangers baseball team and
changed the like NASCAR and is regularly praised by sportscasters and writers
for being a real sports fan and hence a regular guy.
Kerry Edwards, another social critics of sport, have argued that it was no accident
that Prof. Paul's popularity rose along with the fighting in Vietnam.
The reason football has not been taken up by other countries is that it's militarism.
He's throwing a bomb to the scrabbleong pass and inherent violence does not
strut record another lands.
The NFL regularly acts as propaganda for the West military.
Any professional athlete questioning whether American troops overseas are really
protecting America's freedom or are instead a vehicle for US imperialism
what have their endorsements yanked in career shortened.
The NFL and America's military industrial establishment both rebullions from the
actions of young African American men, many who mend up broke, maimed or both.
Just as the American public has been shielded from seeing the caskets of those
killed in Iraq, sports fans rarely see profiles of the beaten down XNFL players
whose post-realized mean pain, hardship and a much shortened life expectancy.
Nearly all NFL owners are Republicans and some like Alex Spano,
the San Diego Chargers, are large donors to the GOP and conservative causes.
NFL owners let's get the benefit of taxpayer-supported stadiums, the guaranteed profit
and the ability to use the seemingly apolite barrier profile to spread their
political gospel to tens of millions of voters.
Now that progressives have finally gotten it together to create a talk radio network,
the next challenge is to further infiltrate the world of professional sports.
Hey, what happened on this station? I'll tell you that except the Jew crew we got.
Huh?
Because on the one hand you got Joe Rose who's about as apolitical as anybody can think of it.
And on the other hand you got the mad dog who's contributing money to Bob Graham's
campaign but every day when he gets the chances of looking George Bush's
Tush. Do you notice that? Every single day.
So the speech you have there, huh? I haven't noticed that.
Well, I have. Well, you don't listen. That's your problem.
That's what a problem. No problem at all.
No, that's our problem because if you get a diary, you're going to probably
put down the NPR or something like that and stick it to us.
Yeah, right. Which of these people beat what did beat the list?
Well, I can't handle a little corner.
Well, after reading that after they had that same paragraph and they're twice the same
story that wasn't my doing. I was in the story. Nice going, Eric.
It's probably the original story. Which of these people best fits the description of being
two Jewish gives you the heebie G.B.s when you be seen him.
Jackie Mason 52 friend, pressure 47. Jew Lieberman 33.
We got a good battle for first Gary Shanley 10, Woody Allen 7.
Jerry Seinfeld 5, Barry Manolo 3, Sammy Davis Jr. 2. Alan Greenspan's got a pair.
David Schwimmer's got one spelled wrong. I love the way we spelled that.
Uh, Squimmer. Iro Winderman 1 and Barbara Wal-Wall don't have any.
How about Barbara Streisand? What have it?
Er is that just taking a long time to get on there of 163 votes?
I can't fit her nose in yet. I see 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous Line WDQA.
Hello. How about Jerry Stiller?
Jerry Stiller is so Jewish and he's married to an IA to a Shixah and Mero.
They don't get more Irish than her, you know?
In fact, I hear she even says, Vaze Mero when she stubs her toe.
5 6 7 0 5 60. In fact, how come that Mafia guys no longer on days of our lives?
Which I don't want to show his name was Stefano Demira and I was on that actor's on some other soap opera.
Stefano Demira, what kind of a name is that?
I guess they don't want to put a grease bowl name on her.
They don't want to like stereotype those Italians.
Do we want to do one for Italians one day this week to Italian?
Who we got?
Think it off the top of your head.
Anybody from the sopranos?
Right.
How about Robert De Niro?
Think of some other good grease balls.
I guess we could do a half day with that.
Yeah, we could do like maybe an hour, half an hour, five or ten minutes.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Anybody in the sopranos, you know what I'm out of the paper?
Is the paper is just, oh god.
I can't even handle those bits no more.
Clearly I want to play the other day.
Don't ever let me play that again.
Alright, don't.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, WKM.
WDQA and yes.
Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
I'm your list.
That's two Jewish people.
Yes?
There he was.
Who is it?
Alan Dushewitz.
Yeah.
He's very Jewish.
Okay, thank you.
And he's full of crap too some of the time.
Some of the time I like him when I grew up with him.
Other times I think he's full of crap.
And of course, don't forget he was on the dream team.
He was part of the OJ defense team which makes us now that I rethink my position.
He'd hit him like, poor guy.
He's a good person.
Alan Dushewitz, you got it?
Can you have that one exact?
Grave Rosencrantz?
I'm trying.
That was a good line.
Joe Rosenthal, I like that.
That was beautiful.
Man, oh man.
So we got Dave Johnson as Jewish.
Joe Rosenthal is Jewish.
Right.
What would be something that comes out that Jim Mankowitz is Jewish?
What could his name possibly be?
Now he ain't no Jew.
You're gonna hear that.
He showed me.
WDQA and hello.
Yes sir.
Two things.
The great.
Senator for Michigan, Carl 11 with the.
Carl 11 with those.
With a silly bifocal down on the tip of his nose.
I mean, what is he reading with those?
Carl 11.
Menu.
Probably a menu or something.
Hey, speaking of Kentucky Derby Niel, I was watching a HBO last night.
You probably have seen it already called Jockey.
Where it has the, you know, how these Jockeys trying to make weight.
Right.
Yeah.
The great Rander Amaro and Shane Sellers.
It was about really about them.
But it was interesting.
It was about an hour.
I really have a tragic career, man.
I mean, not only is it very dangerous, but the extremes that they have to go to to make the weight.
It's just puking their guts out and eating like, you know, two lettuce leaves for lunch.
And just the pathetic.
Yeah, going in the box.
Can I say that?
Going in the right.
Anyway, the great show Niel and let's get Bush out.
All right.
That's a great day, Paley.
Bye, bye to Bush.
Bye, bye to W.
That's our motto in 2004.
And we're gonna say a lot more in 2004.
Trust me when I tell you.
Oh, you gotta stop that bush-passing, no.
Whatever happened to a JJ from Pember Pines?
You know, we had a good time in spite of that obnoxious fact yesterday.
We had a pretty good show.
Yeah.
Had a great time.
Didn't feel like we were letting anybody down.
That we weren't cutting the mustard, huh?
Right?
Cutting something.
Not that we can't cut it anymore on the air.
Made it all the way to the end.
Well, there you go, JJ.
How do you like that?
I'm sure he or she are ready to sit in out there right now.
When that radio glued, I mean, just with that ear glued in it.
Let's face it.
You've been hearing me talk about fast-rained, tell you're glue in the face.
And you probably wondered if fast-rained makes sense for you.
Well, it's just simple.
If you have the dedication, if you're desperate, if you're not making two nickels to rub together,
fast-rained can provide you with the necessary training and help you achieve a brand new,
high-paying computer career, and they can do it in just four short months.
Think about it.
By the end of the summer, you can really be on your way, start making some real cash.
Fast-rained's got day night and weekend classes, financial assistance for those who qualify.
And once you complete your classes, fast-rained will help you even in getting a new computer job.
So what's not to like?
It's really just that easy.
Just make that one simple call.
Don't keep putting it off.
Don't procrastinate.
Call 1-866 fast-rained.
Fast-rained's got seven Florida locations, including Miami, Kindle, for Lauderdale and Pembert Price.
So there's bound to be a fast-rained campus near by you.
If you want to really change your life for the better, just this one simple call can really do it for you.
Check them on the web, fast-rained.com, read all about it.
And then make that call today 1-866 fast-rained.
My life and look all this is for real by 60's.
You're way, way, yeah.
Grab.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Grab.
Ah!
If you've ever watched us, you know that we're newlyweds.
Ah!
And you swear there's only empty spaces inside my head.
Absolutely.
But you keep returning fast and made it by a diss.
Ah!
Who can tell if she ain't chicken or tuna fish?
Cause they took my brains away.
Hey!
Took my brains away.
Here's something you don't see on every reality show.
Ah!
People who are famous just for what they do not know.
Oh, yeah.
But you always do and cause I say the dawn is the day.
Like the time I thought that both the lows have tiny wings.
Cause they took my brains away.
Well, next time she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
I'm not sure if she's a-ah!
Yes, sir!
Um, we need to get the whole anneals for the poll.
Speaking, you got them.
I'm the anneal.
Got a hold of you.
Hank Goldberg!
Hank Goldberg, too, Jewish!
Okay, thank you.
The Hebrew hammer, too, Hebrew.
Got them? Got the hopper?
Actually, Hank's name was Smith.
He just wanted to, you know, fit him with the rest of the crowd.
Well, Hank, he's got that Jewish look, you know what I mean?
He really has got that Jewish look.
That fat Jewish look.
Kind of like Zach is got.
In fact, Zach and Hank, I see a lot of similarities there.
No, you mentioned it.
And the beast?
You know what?
Don't you think we could make a great rock group of kids into Waddling Jews?
Huh?
Beast, yours truly, Zach, the hopper?
Right?
Who's going to be the lead singer?
The Waddling Jews.
How about you?
I'm a fat Jew.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
George.
Yes, sir.
No.
What about you obnoxious Joan Rivers?
Joan Rivers is disgusting.
She's noisy.
I mean, how could we forget?
Thank you, excellent.
Joan Rivers.
And have you noticed, I don't know if you ever see her?
Yes.
But during the course of channel surfing, I'll see her on those shoppers here.
Oh, I heard the myths.
Holy moly.
I mean, you talk about one facelift too many, or maybe not just one.
But third man.
She's got parts on her nose that belong on her, some place else in her body.
Her eyebrows are on the back of her neck.
Holy cow.
I mean, somebody tell that bitch enough already with a plastic surgery.
She ain't plastic.
She's spastic.
Man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Michael Jackson takes you.
She has too much hair.
I just don't understand the whole thing with people with a plastic surgery.
What's really good on her all starts the nose winds up on your chin, and then your chin winds up on your knee, and your boobs wind up on your ankles.
It's just not a good way to go.
No.
The WQA.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about Andy Rose?
Who is it?
Randy Rose.
There's two Jewish.
Wow.
Wow.
Okay, thank you.
Randy Rose.
She's so Jewish.
Wow.
He's kicking ass though.
I'm an American in both markets.
How can we have it hurt anymore about that?
I guess it's after April 30th.
They've got to get new stations in LA and Chicago and that's a mess.
And it's not her fault.
Give her all the credit.
At least she's still under a GNO.
But other than that, they ain't got nothing going.
And nobody is just saying that even Al Franken ain't getting all the big media.
Because there's nothing going there.
He's not a broadcast, okay?
He's not a broadcast, like Lenny Martez, a broadcast.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
LLMAVICA.
It's just a piece of turd.
WQA.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Who is it?
Neil.
Oh, okay.
Hello.
I got a phone in each ear here.
All right.
Okay.
I got one for you.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, can we help?
Yeah.
David Brenner.
Oh, yeah.
That's a beauty.
That's one of the best.
How could we forget?
He is just dripping with it.
Oh, kills.
That guy kills me.
Yeah, I can't look at him.
He's really good at it.
I get the heat.
Thank you, pal.
Good one.
Excellent.
David Brenner.
How could we forget him?
And if he was Jewish, how about you, Brenner?
Oh, I'm sorry.
David Brenner.
Oh, gosh.
And again, these people can't help it.
They were born.
It's in your genes.
You know, they can't help it if they look so Jewish.
But it's just, I don't know.
Now, I don't get the TV TVs when I see Hank.
But then again, I see Hank about once a year or so.
You know, we could long find.
Now, he, he, Hank doesn't have that.
He just looks very Jewish, but he doesn't have that dripping
with like David Brenner or Gary Schandling.
Look, that's, that's a whole nother level of juveness.
That's all hall of opus, something like that.
Jackie Mason 63.
Yeah.
I told you the story.
It was 1956.
That's almost, that's almost 50 years ago, right?
That's 48 years ago.
I saw Jackie Mason.
My parents took me to the, whatever the hell the hotel was on,
or Collins Avenue on the beach.
I began with an S, Saxony, something like that.
Anyway, see Jackie Mason and per, he was exactly the same.
Then he looked the same, you know, a little younger,
but it's 50 years ago.
And his act, he did the same stick, and he talked exactly the same way.
There was nothing different, the same material.
So you got a hand in to him if you want.
I think it was born that age.
Is that what it was?
He was born an old man.
Like a lot of people at South Florida.
Yeah, you wonder, what were these people like when they were younger?
Well, guess what?
They never were younger.
They were always been old.
They were fetching when they were born.
Jackie Mason 63.
Fran Drescher 59.
Two Lieberman 42.
Woody Allen 15.
Gary Shandling's got 11.
Now he just, he just making a move now.
Got a dozen.
Jerry Seinfeld 7.
David Schwimmer 5.
Temy Davis Jr.
5-Hour Winderman 4.
Galen Greenspan 4.
Alan Dusiawitz's got 3.
Barry Manolo 3.
And one of these for Carl Liven, Barbara Wal-Wall, Jerry Stiller.
The Humper, I don't have any yet.
He just went up on there.
Joan Rivers, David Brenner, and there's the whole thing screwed up.
235 votes.
We're doing the best we can under the circumstances.
Okay, is he ever going to get that thing straight now where we get back, you get back online with him?
We try to variety of experiments, and he's thoroughly convinced that it's not him,
and nothing he can do about it that it's here in the building.
It's on the QAMN.
Oh, don't tell me another technical disaster, a QAMN.
Oh, no, that we might be blocked from going there from the building.
Ah-ha, they probably put up the old firewall.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Barbara Mooth has a fine finger in it, just like what your Hour, man.
5, 6, 7, in fact, when the food shows up from Hour, he's probably in the onion rings.
You'll find what a Bob of Vermont's finger.
Exactly.
I'll leave it.
Yeah, finger fit.
Little ketchup, little mayo.
WQ, oh, that's right, mayo is for going.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neal.
Yes, sir.
I've got someone for your poll.
Okay.
You, Marty, come, son.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, yes, I have a name for the poll.
Yes, speak up.
You don't have to whisper it.
Oh, okay.
The worst people aren't listening.
You've got to say, go ahead.
He's not Jewish.
Oh, yes, he is.
No, he's not.
Oh, absolutely.
Says whom?
Says Mr. Bakeboys.
Wait, he's not Jewish.
Absolutely.
Where do you get that from?
Oh, I saw him at some Jewish, uh, just like I think.
He's not Jewish.
What a lunatic.
How do you like that?
Some guy picking on our good old buddy.
Oh, I don't know, but I almost played.
When I sing God.
I always played the one that goes, oh, you can't do that.
But I didn't.
Man, I got that.
I got that finger on a clicker like you wouldn't believe.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, this is the real important one there, Neil.
Okay, let's have it.
Ladies, Jerry Lewis.
Yeah, I'm right.
A good one.
Thanks, Jerry Lewis.
I lady.
Oh, hey, it's Jerry Lewis.
How could we forget him and David Brenner, man?
We're really slipping.
The thing we got these on there before noon, because then we'll do gay and then we'll think we should change it.
I beg your pardon?
You got four days.
No, no, no, no.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
See, you're trying to like see, you're doing what JJ when, uh, see, JJ, I think was confusing me with you.
Oh, sure.
Faking your way through.
You think I really want to fake my way doing that?
Sure, why not?
What do you call that?
I don't like that.
No, we just don't have enough Jews.
How many Jews are there in America?
About 30, man.
It used to be a lot more in the world than the government of mustache got involved.
And now we're looking so good.
And now we've got the new guy up there who ought to have a mustache.
Oh, brother.
Man, oh man, oh man.
But we'll do the gay thing at noon.
And then tomorrow night I was in all day of fear.
It's too Cuban.
Yeah.
Well, what?
You're going to do half a day on Jews and gays and a whole day on Cubans.
In South Florida?
In South Florida.
You forget where you are, man.
You forget your origins.
I think these are all, uh, day long things.
No.
And then one about a black.
Yeah.
Which of these people is too black day long?
And let me ask you this.
How come, uh, how come time made, oh, Jay, so black or oh, Jay made them so dead.
This is what, however, that goes 1113 at 560 WQM.
We're picking on everybody this week.
So don't blame us of being like, you know, picking on the Jews, picking on the goyem, picking on the, uh, in fact, we can do that.
Which of these is too Catholic?
Well, we got Dennis Donovan, that chronic Dennis, and we got the Pope, and we got the William Donahue from the Catholic.
There's the only three I know.
And Mel Gibson.
Maybe that maybe there's a chance for that one, huh?
Sure.
Which of these is too Catholic?
That's a half day.
1113 at 560 WQM.
When a man is considering a hero placement, his greatest concern is how natural will look, or I look ridiculous.
Absolutely.
People be laughing their ass off at my phone, he looking peeve.
Absolutely.
And looks like a dead animal died on my head.
Absolutely.
You can always spot a bad piece.
But how many good ones are there that you don't even know about?
They go unnoticed.
Charles Alfie, who is designed and supplied hair systems to show his people for more than 35 years.
And has even appeared as a guest on Good Morning America that today, show on CBS Morning News, introducing his patented hair system.
It offers you the most amazing natural hairline system in the world.
Now the most critical area of any hair system is that hairline.
And Charles' new skin-like hair system is 100% undetectable, like those other pieces because when you got that muskrat, look to think he's moving around.
Charles Alfie always guaranteed you is to try his hair system for 30 days.
After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, return it for a full refund.
No questions asked.
And Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay, call Charlie today, shampoo and...
Right.
Call today and change your life forever, look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
With a real great looking head of hair instead of some mousey looking piece.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or check them out on the web at Charles Alfieery.com.
I bet the local species five cities will reuse all your time.
Q&A!
Ladies are back!
They are?
Uh-huh.
And 50s Funny Man Jerry Lewis is too.
Are you sure?
Well, kind of.
And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a supergroup for the new millennium, introducing Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey, lady!
The heart of rock and roll, heart of rock and roll is still beating with the ventricles and the AR then Cleveland.
Already with Shibuya and then the flagel and all those places.
The King of Comedy is about to become the principal.
It's Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey, lady!
Oh, please, I like a new drug.
You know me, those plays.
It's just a nice man, the pharmacist type person.
And the white goat plays, I ain't saying it.
Hey!
It's hip to be square and it's even hiver to buy something round, like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news.
Available, you can find it wherever find record is sold with a nice man behind the counter.
They help you find it with a nice lady.
Person, okay, why?
And the bad news about him is that his face deflated and he's back down to like almost normal size.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's been deflated as he go in the rest of them too.
I kind of like enjoy it, see you in a minute, but Larry King like 16 times a month with his all blown up in the stir.
Hey, yeah, what goes around comes around Jerry.
5670560, pound five, 60 on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Which of these people best fits the description for two Jewish, which of these people when you see them immediately gives you the...
Oy!
...TVGBs!
Activism by young women may boost Democrats in November polls.
Don't want to give some of you bush die-hards in a nervous stomach, any butterflies, but...
Are you bush-dashing again?
Yes, though the pictures of Sunday's abortion rights March and Washington focused on the size of the crowd, the tourist story of its political impact could be measured by the age of the demonstrators.
More college age women showed up than usually attend abortion rights rallies, which tend to be dominated by older women.
If that translates to increased voting in November by young women, a group that usually doesn't vote in high numbers, it could help Democrats in a close election.
The March attracted hundreds of thousands of women to the National Wall and Downtown Washington, where they rallied for abortion rights and protests against President Bush, a key complaint with Bush's signature on two new laws, the Unborn Victims of Violence Act, which grants a fetus legal rights, and the partial Birth Abortion Ban Act, which criminalizes a medical procedure, sometimes used to terminate late-term pregnancies.
I want to wish for those who applies to the baby that... what's her name is carrying on Teresa on passions.
In the short term, the March could serve as a caution to Congress and one senior Republican Senator, who spoke on Kiddish that he not be identified, less he draw criticism from his peers, that was a very impressive showing by any fair standard he said, I think we'll discourage any more votes this year on abortion.
How do you like that? In other words, they put the fear of God in the fetus huggers, at least for the before election. Then if he gets in again, then forget Roe v. Wade.
Today is the big day for the Chaney thing in the Supreme Court. Those energy meetings, those secret energy meetings with secret people that we don't want to tell anybody who was in like Kenny Lee and those people in Ron Pholkes, etc.
So, what's the Supreme Court going to decide on that? That's quite a good report on NPR this morning about that. Also, Jason Williams-Trowler, jury is deliberating it right now.
Well, look at that. They're on a commercial on court on court TV.
Yeah, so we want all of this stuff before two o'clock, right?
Absolutely.
So we get to have a new de crap.
Because once it comes to a clock, man, we get really sports intensive again, baby.
It's just about the rest of the day. So 10 o'clock tomorrow morning, we become sports, I'm insane, obsessive.
Line 9, WQA, I'm hello.
Hello, Neil. I have an addition to your poll. Yes, sir. Gilbert Godfrey.
Gilbert Godfrey.
Yeah. He's a Jewish. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Come on. Oh, no question.
Gilbert Godfrey. Is Jewish. I'm so embarrassed.
You might want to share how it goes. Well, he's too dead. He's not even warm yet.
We had Sammy Davis. You're right. We could put our coastal honor Dave Johnson vote for him. He hated him.
Well, actually, we are putting dead people on these polls because I'm the other one I'm going to put Paul in that.
Oh, man. Oh, is there anybody didn't like Paul in you think? Well, if you Catholics, maybe.
Why is that the whole homophobia thing? Oh, I see Catholics are homophobic. That's that's kind of amusing.
God, they're just jealous. I want to let the third day want to hang out of the Swiss guard.
The Pope says, don't you let any of them take a look at near the Swiss guard? They're his private stock. You do understand that?
I had a lot of it. I don't know what you're laughing about.
I think I'll go. Yeah. Maureen Dowd in the international hero tribute and the New York Times writes in Bush world down is always up.
He is great. Maureen Dowd. I just might have to read this. You know what? I'm going to I don't want to read too many stories because Zach is there. He'll he'll snitch on me.
You know, I'll go right and build. Oh, that old man was reading stories again on here today. Oh, geez.
I mean, I realized it's not as good as reading and ballgame scores over and over again. 9 to 7, 6 to 2.
But we got any hockey games tonight. We got the lightning and Montreal game three. That's going to be a sweep lightning.
San Jose shut out Colorado. They got that series one. Nothing. It's a three nothing series now. The sharks. You know, you know who picked San Jose to win a Stanley Cup?
Mo. I mean, Zach, I guess I give it away. That's just a Mo who knows nothing about hockey. I absolutely heard it a couple weeks ago.
Somebody asked him, who do you like? I like San Jose. He must be on a lucky streak because he don't know nothing about it.
Which goes to show you the less you know, sometimes the better off you are.
We're in doubt. Right. In Bush world down is always up. Washington is their reality. We just live and die in it.
In Bush world, American troops go to war and get killed, but you never see the bodies coming home. In Bush world, flag grade remains of the fall and are important to revere and show the nation, but only in political ads,
and talking to presidents leadership against terror. In Bush world, American America can create an exciting Iraqi democracy as long as it doesn't control its own military, pass any laws or have any power.
In Bush world, America can win over a polluge by bulldozing it. In Bush world, it was worth going to war so Iraqis could express their feelings without having their tongues cut out.
Although America cannot allow them to express in tempered feelings in newspapers, without shutting them down. In Bush world, it's fight to take $700 million that Congress provided for the war in Afghanistan and post 9-11 recovery.
And I've heard it to the war in Iraq that you're insisting you're not planning. In Bush world, you don't consult your father, the expert in being president during a war with Iraq, but you do talk to your higher father who can't talk back to you to warn you to get an exit strategy or try you for using him for political purposes.
In Bush world, it's all right to run for re-elect. It is the Avenger of 9-11. Even as you make secret deals with the Arab Kingdom, where most of 9-11 hijackers came from.
In Bush world, it gets strut around like a tough military guy and paint your rival as a chicken hawk, even though he's the one who one metals in combat and was praised by his superior officers for fulfilling all his obligations.
In Bush world, it makes sense to press for transparency and Mr. Mrs. rival while cultivating your own opacity. In Bush world, you can reign as the anti-terror prison, even after hearing an intelligence reported by the al-Qaeda's plans to attack America and then stepping outside to clear Bush.
In Bush world, those who disemble about the troops and money it will take to get Iraq on its feet or patriots, while those who are honest and are patronizing the marginalized.
In Bush world, they struggle to keep church and state separate in Iraq, even as they increasingly merge the two in America. In Bush world, it can claim to be the environmental president on Earth Day while being the industry president every other day.
In Bush world, you can brag about how while Afghanistan is going, even though soldiers are still dying in the Taliban are running freely around the border areas hiding with some of bin Laden and delaying elections.
In Bush world, imperfect intelligence is good enough to knock over Iraq, but even better evidence that North Korea is building the weapons that Saddam Hussein can only dream about is hidden away.
In Bush world, the CIA says it can't fight out whether there are weapons of mass destruction in Iraq unless America invades on the grounds that there are weapons of mass destruction.
In Bush world, there's no irony that so many who did so much to avoid the Vietnam draft have now strained the military so much that lawmakers are talking about bringing back the draft.
In Bush world, America is making progress in the war on terror by fighting a war that creates terrorists. In Bush world, you don't need to bother asking your Vice President to defend the Department of Officials whether you should go to war in Iraq because they've already maneuvered you into going to war in the first place.
In Bush world, you have spawned on me making the Middle East and spreading pro-American sentiments, even as you expand anti-American sentiments by uniquely occupying Iraq and stintingly backing Prime Minister Ariel Seroan of Israel on West Bank settlements.
In Bush world, America went to war to give a rocket-immocratic process if the stains that democratic process that causes allies to pull out troops.
In Bush world, you pride yourself on the fact that your administration does not leak to the press while you flood the best known journalist in Washington with inside information.
In a Bush world, you list Bob Woodward's book plan of attack has recommended reading on your campaign website even though it makes you seem divorced from reality that is unless you live in Bush world.
The movie everyone is talking about the controversial story of the final days of Donald Trump and his 12th of a predecessor, the passion of the Donald.
People, tonight somebody is going to betray me.
The passion of the Donald triumphantly chronicles the last forward meeting.
You mean to tell me that you betrayed me for 30 pieces of silver? You could have easily gotten three times that much.
Omarosa, you're fired.
The passion of the Donald. He may be whipped, but he's never defeated.
I've always fantasized about you whipping me, but if you're going to work for me, you will have to hit a lot harder than that. Katrina, you're fired.
Don't miss the awe-inspiring conclusion of the passion of the Donald when one blessed apprentice finally mails down the job.
Bill Kwame, it's time to decide who goes up to the heavenly suite and who goes down to the street.
But to find out you'll have to endure something far more painful than crucifixion. A two-hour-life finale.
The passion of the Donald. If you don't see it.
You'll fire it.
Yeah, it's 11.32. Tom Jekker loves that show. I should point out in his questions and answers column on Sunday.
Really?
Wrote this lengthy, glowing answer. I think he just made up the question about that show and how popular it is and how it really gives people insight into what the corporate world is all about.
Tom, that show blows. Okay. And I don't care how many people are watching it. How big it is. So is who wants to be a millionaire? Gigantic, huge. Okay.
So the American taste because the only reason people watch it is so they can see other people degraded and humiliated.
It's the old SNN thing. This is very big these days.
It gives me insight, alright. Up until today, I never knew that Gilbert was Jewish.
Yeah, I did. Here's the facts, Neil. I'm sure no one remembers her because she was born back when God was a teenager.
But how about WKAT's post-achite for turning the channel peppy fields?
Hi!
And for the gay pool, how about that screaming home decorator found on the lifetime channel? Christopher Lowell makes Richard Simmons look like Clint Eastwood.
Look like Hercules. He would definitely win if everybody knew who he was.
I see. Well, I think our audience should know by now. We got about how many bits about Christopher Lowell?
About 30, man.
Anyway, I'll give you a little heads up on what. Oh, here you go. There's another one.
Harvey Firestein.
There's another one could be on both poles.
Perry Manlow and Harvey Firestein can be the little cross-dress across over.
Harvey Firestein.
We'll save him for the other pull.
In fact, I'll give you the names I got. I got the seven for the two gay pool.
Bruce V. Lynch, Jim J. Bullock, Paul Lind, Charles Nelson Riley, Christopher Lowell, Richard Simmons and Harvey Firestein.
What a good start.
You already facts those air at, right?
No.
And what about, since we're putting good people on there, what about Truman Capote?
Every Truman Capote?
Sure.
You reminded me of the bird on Doggie Downers. Truman Capote.
In fact, I think he was the forerunner for the I'm a style of death and a chair.
Yeah, he's the talk I got.
You ever seen interviewed Truman Capote?
Yeah, you got that.
Like he had something in his mouth. I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, I didn't say that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless.
So we got eight on there. I'll give him your slowly.
When we get to it, we're still ways away.
Wait, you just got piece of paper that you got him on.
Why can't you just stick that in the fact machine there?
Okay, I'll do it right now while I do it during the break.
Okay, let's see. Two gay.
Is what I just told right now.
Truman Capote.
Well, I'm scrolling these, okay?
Right.
So I hope you can read it.
They're all spelled correctly.
Okay? My spelling is impeccable.
That's impeccable.
I got one.
Which of these people best fits the description of being two Jewish?
Jackie Mason 102.
He's pulling away.
Jackie Mason, he's been doing the same routine like I said, 100 years.
Never changes.
Friend, rest your 70.
You remember that show he had?
What was that on?
The TV show where he had the Israeli screaming at the Palestinians,
where they practically got into fist fights.
It was, yeah, there was some talk show.
Kind of like an intellectual Jerry Springer show.
If there was such a thing.
Friend, rest your 78.
Jewelie, 576.
Alan Dershowitz 21.
Woody Allen 21.
Gary Shandling 14.
Jerry Seinfeld 9.
David Swimmer 9.
Joe Mervors 9.
David Brenner 9.
Sammy Davis Jr. 8.
Ira Winterman 6.
Hank Goldberg 6.
Robert Creeper 45.
Only he'd have 9.
Alan Greenspan's got four.
Robert, very manllow four.
Carl Levin 1.
Barbara Walters 1.
Jerry Stiller 1.
None yet for Jerry Lois, a lady.
Mel Brooks Gilbert Gottfried.
Oh no, you can't tell me the Gilbert is Jewish.
How could he not break your Jew Darden?
With a name like Solomon and Howard Co-Cell
don't have any or Mel Brooks either.
Mel Brooks is pretty Jewish.
Let's see, here's one that says Paul Wolfowitz.
Oh no, we don't want to put him on there.
It's embarrassing.
We don't want to put any Jewish Nazis on there, please.
Paul Wolfowitz.
Ooh, that is disgusting.
Aren't you embarrassed by that even for the Jews?
Yes.
Okay, so you want me to fax this to you?
I'll do that or the Eric or whatever.
Don't let me forget the Thomas Olofant column
in the Abostin Globe.
The watch carry-through is Ward decorations,
which you know, this is the ultimate of gall.
The idea that people that were AWOL or like best
really seeking out the Firmament.
Boy, does he have a lot of clips about...
Our pick-in on the guy that put his life on the line
and Vietnam and has got purple hearts and medals
and so on and so forth.
What he did with him was his business.
And the business of attacking Jane Fond
and all the other people who opposed the war.
Obviously, they're pandering to people too young
or too stupid to know what Vietnam was all about.
And I wish you'd never been in their first place,
just like some other place I can think of.
That's going to hell on a hand basket right now.
Don't forget, you can't spell Cragmire without a rack.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Listen, now, I think about a year ago you read
an article about Christian's registration
sparking their signal-right next to MPR.
Right.
I'm going to...
Is it on your archives?
You know, if I can find it.
Because I mean, I'm having the same problem where I live.
This single just leaks into my radio and...
At least.
Yes, yes.
And I got somebody for a fool.
How about Jay Feetler?
Yes, so, Jewish, Lee Porje, alone.
Don't be picking on him.
And Moses too.
Don't forget Moses.
And the church has to.
Don't you?
I thought Moses was Cuban myself.
Anyway, just a little inside joke.
5670560, pound 560.
Wayne Heisinger is Jewish that guy.
We need to find that one.
We need to trace him, run him down,
and have a mad dog beat the crap out of him.
I'll run him down.
I'll bet you will.
How about Wayne?
We need to get more chances to run him down.
Right in front of the stadium.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What about that Carson guy from that show?
What is it?
The decorating show or whatever that is?
What's five queens to dress, everybody?
Oh, I don't know who you're talking about.
I don't know what his name is though.
Yeah.
Who's he talking about, George?
One of those queens?
You're asking me?
None the less decorating shows?
Yeah, I watch all the decorating shows.
You can't spell America without a K.
Remember that.
Okay.
5670560.
Well, one of them wouldn't be so bad, but three.
I mean, it's getting a little bit over the top if he acts me.
Can't spell acts without.
5670560.
Oh, pound 56808 TNT and Verizon Wireless Line.
Which of these people best fits the description of being two Jewish TVGVs?
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about all five of the queer eyes for the straight guy, guys?
You're on the other pool already.
Yeah, how about the five straight guy eye eye?
Get out of here.
See what I'm saying?
If you tell him what the second pole is going to be, they're already getting ahead of me.
Save that for later.
Well, can we don't know what their names are anyway?
So who gives a crap?
And anybody who deserves it?
That's not all about your rule.
You have to actually know the person that you're putting on the pole.
That would be helpful.
That would certainly be some serious assistance for us if it gets our drivetrain.
You're like, guy.
Yeah.
You know that show.
But this is even better.
The five guys.
Yeah.
I don't know any of them's names, but the five guys is on that shows the queer-ish-show day.
No kidding.
I wouldn't want to say it's your opinion by the second.
Any of those shows, queer-ish folk, all of stereotypes, all of swishy-flamers, you know.
Oh, my God.
Even Homer Simpson's embarrassed.
But the old word is good.
What is that?
Lesbian.
Those people are on those shows.
No, those are leather.
Not the kind that you're looking for.
Maybe someone a real butch, somebody rosy-odonal-lookalike, someone at crowd, somebody Ellen Deach-generator.
Sure.
Somebody, hey, look at how well I'm wearing my pants and how about that?
And you are, mister.
Yeah, that's right.
And my fat ugly ass.
You're a Kirschner, just all daiki with a mustache.
Oh, 20th.
20th till noon at 5.60 QAM.
Oh, I don't know what it is about.
I'm that whining little voices or what they're big news.
No, those, goofy hats, tiny little meckles, tiny little, they just rubbed me the wrong way.
And I've sounded the tismips and every speech I love regips, it's in the news.
Hillary hates you.
Boy, stealing hatred through the halls, busting people's mumps of all, it's in the news.
Hillary hates you.
You won't catch your light, no menorah.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
One she speaks, I wanna cry, she could use a good wrap by it, send the news.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Hillary hates you.
Oh, right.
Desperate, it affects you this thing.
And there's something, man, it plays as just brutal.
Yeah, I reset it and it's still saying incoming call and it's stuck on.
Just said it.
And forget it.
And forget it.
It's receiving?
It's making noises.
Well, probably ain't mine though, because I try to get it.
Well, we'll see if this goes through or not.
How is that QA on fast machine working on?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
People think that we exactly have.
I hate this party.
Nothing works here.
The medication's on work.
It's not the right one.
What?
Well, I'm telling you, well, whistle the tune.
And if you've got one, you might get this, OK?
It's got that dial tone on there.
Now it's going to start to puke it away.
There you go.
Here those tones.
Ah, careful.
What does the fast machine?
Oh, OK.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
It's ringing.
It's ringing over there.
And now do I hear that it's still ringing?
You got some real serious problems.
I was all I can say.
You're like a remove from the mainstream of the universe.
We're off the grid.
Which of these people best fits the description to Jewish?
Oh, there you go.
I hear that.
You hear that?
Hear it?
No.
It's making it, ah, no, it's faxing sounds.
Jackie Mason, 116, friend, Resher,
83, Julie Roman, 61, Alan Dushowitz has got.
BOT 3, man.
Woody Allen, 25.
Gary Shandling's got 14.
Jerry Seinfeld, David Schwimmer, 10.
David Brenner, 10.
Who may even go on earlier?
Film Rivers 9.
Oh, it's completed.
You got it.
You got it coming.
Oh, Sammy Davis, Jr. 9.
Iro Winterman 7.
The Humper's got 6.
The Hebrew Hammer.
Very Manolo 5.
Alan Greenspan 4.
Gilbert Gottfried 4.
Gilbert is Jewish.
Ha, ha, ha.
Mel Brooks 2.
Harvey Firestein 2.
Barbara Walters 1.
Jerry Stiller 1.
Carl Evans got 1.
And no votes for Jerry Lewis.
Howard Cosell.
Peppy Fields are Christopher Lowell.
Christopher Lowell don't belong on that full.
Well, Christopher Lowell is Jewish.
Must be a mistake.
All of them are mistakes, Zach.
They could be.
OK.
Now you got that list?
Got it.
Good.
OK.
Well, I have a little bit of a difficulty.
Bear with us, folks.
So we're going to just bear it.
5, 6, 7.
Look at these phones just smoking here on this Jew thing.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I want to get some names on that list.
Well, wait, some names.
Is it plural?
Yeah.
Come on.
I got there's a I think a list for Jewish and a list for gay.
OK.
What's the Jewish?
The Jewish is Howard Stern.
OK.
And the gay is Louis Anderson.
The comedian.
Louis B. Anderson is gay.
No.
That waddling fat little guy is gay.
I don't think so.
No.
That's why I was in an awful family feud remake that I
was in for about three months.
But that's another poll.
OK.
Which of these short people who you thought was gay but really
isn't as awful and that will be a poll on like a week from
Monday, week from circus.
OK.
Howard Stern is too Jewish.
Even though he's got that thing about San Diego if you
missed the beginning of the show, this is worth repeating.
OK.
That is so.
And I probably Schmidt Candid.
Oh, I hope not.
Please tell me I didn't Schmidt Candid.
Oh, here's that facts from yesterday about from JJBB,
whatever its name was.
Save that for posterior.
I'm going to frame it like I asked with it someday.
I guess I Schmidt Candid.
Oh, no.
Anyway, I remember the number.
The station in San Diego that was carrying Howard Stern in the
month of February, he had an 8.9 share.
I don't know what that I guess that's 2554.
That didn't say what demographic.
So I probably shouldn't be guessing.
Anyway, just to give you the comparison in the month of March,
which meant after he went off the air in San Diego, they had a
0.7.
0, oh, here it is, but I ripped it in half.
You know how I have it in doing that?
Right.
And the problem is I got the top half, but I don't have the bottom
half, which is worth everything before.
Yeah.
I got the top half, but I can't get my hand in the bottom half.
And anyway, that was the number 8.9 to a 0.7.
So another reason to be listening very closely and carefully
Thursday morning to the show at 11.30 in the morning when
those numbers start across the facts machine.
Oh, which means I better get my new drum because it says
change drum real soon.
Wouldn't that be a kick in the ass if, say, I don't monkey
round those drums cost like about 300 bucks.
I do believe Canadian, but I'll have that thing in here by tomorrow.
Just to make sure that by Thursday we have everything percolating
red long as we don't have the equipment malfunctioning here.
Like it seems to do in the Miami studio.
So often we're Bob Vermuth and George Corso between the two of them.
Don't they know they're asked for my elbow?
Let's be the salt air.
That must be it.
WDQA and hello.
With the without time and Bob.
Yes, sir.
Al, well seen and push belt.
Ahe her spelled as a good choice.
And Al Goldstein.
Don't you think those are two good choices?
They're not going to get too much because.
I'm a fat Jew.
Right.
And if we're going to put them on, how about Ron Jeremy?
Ooh.
How come we're still putting new names on here when the polls come?
No, I think we got a comment down here.
It's coming down.
It's like the statue there in Iraq.
And that's photo off.
Remember that?
Yeah.
That's photo off.
The statue's coming down.
Here we go.
Boy, I'm going to tell you the way they manipulated the public here.
You got to hand it to a man.
Hitler would be so proud.
Hermann Gehring Joseph Jewells.
It would be a proud and jealous because they didn't have TV to use back in the day.
And of course, the other way you look at it, they could be exposed for all the lies and BS.
And the seat except for the fact that they got these people just like Don Corso
only had all those judges in his pocket and didn't share while the same thing with the Bush
Meister and all these right with these Neocons, they got the media in their pocket.
That's that liberal media that we keep here in so much about.
Eric Alderman, the myth of the liberal media, that's a book you should read along with all these others.
There's so many.
Anyway, Thomas Olofand, who's a great writer and cartoonist, I must carry through his war decorations.
This is in today's Boston Globe.
On the weight of the fence where he threw some of his military decorations 33 years ago,
I was four feet, five feet behind John Kerry.
As he near the spot from which members of Vietnam veterans against the war were parting with a few of the trappings of their difficult, difficult past to help them face the future more squarely,
I watched Kerry reach with his right hand to the breast pocket of his fatigue shirt.
The hand emerged with several of the ribbons that most of the vets have been wearing that unique week of protest,
much as they are worn on a uniform blouse.
There couldn't have been all that many decorations in his hand, six or seven,
because he made a closed fist around his collection with ease as he waited his turn.
I recall him getting stopped by one or two wounded vets in wheelchairs, clearly worried that they wouldn't be able to get their stuff over the looming fence
who gave him a few more decorations, Kerry says he doesn't remember this.
It is true that Kerry was one of the veterans group leaders,
but in this eclectic, aggressively individualistic collection of people who had been through a pointless war, there were no privileges of rank.
Kerry was in the middle of a line, perhaps of a thousand guys, only a third or even less of the total would assembled on the Washington Mall that astonishing week.
At the spot where the men were symbolically letting go of their participation in the war, the authorities had erected a wood and wire fence to prevent them from getting close to the front of the US Capitol and Kerry paused for several seconds.
We had been talking for days about the war, politics, the veterans demonstration, but I could tell Kerry was upset to the point of anguish, and I decided to leave him be. His head was down as he approached the fence quietly.
In a voice I'd doubt I would have heard had not been so close to him, Kerry said as I vividly recall, there was no violent reason for this.
I'm doing this for peace and justice and I try to help this country wake up once and for all.
With that, he didn't really throw his handful toward the statue of John Marshall, a mercass first Chief Justice, nor did he drop the decorations, he sort of lobbed them and just walked off the stage.
Some people have written Secondhand accounts of that day stating that Kerry at the moment also threw males have been given to him by a couple of vets who weren't there.
I remember Kerry doing later in the day after the event had broken up. He was in the company for a part of that time of a small group of gold star mothers who had lost sons in the war.
In addition to the events involving the military decorations, the veterans also held a tree-plating ceremony near the Capitol and attended congressional hearings on civilian casualties of the conflict.
From what I could observe firsthand about Friday, April 23rd, 1971, Kerry did not make even the slightest effort to pretend that he was throwing all of his military decorations over the fence.
He did what he didn't plane view, in my case the view of someone close enough to kick him in the shins.
It was clear to me that Kerry had arrived here only with the ribbons he wore on his shirt, which by the way were referred to as medals by the late Stuart Simon to the Missouri, one of the Center for Relations Committee members present for his famous anti-war statement.
While the idea of turning back decorations had been talked about prior to that week, there was no clear plan on when the veterans arrived, the night before the men had a long, loud argument about whether to throw their stuff or simply place it on a long table in front of the Capitol.
I watched Kerry argue for the less dramatic approach and lose. It was clear from our conversations back then, and ever since that Kerry made no distinction among his various decorations that others have, some in the military don't either.
I remember once asking my father who was awarded a bronze star on the Pacific during WDW-2, what he called the ribbon in La Prelle ornament he received in addition to the star, he said they were all the bronze star.
I've always found the political junk served up by Kerry's detractors to be undignified as well as largely inaccurate.
I right now because the political junk is much higher profile now though no less misleading, and not by the way because her fourth job in the public arena, my daughter just joined Kerry's staff.
I just happened to be there that long ago day, I saw what happened and heard what Kerry said and nobody meant. The truth happens to be with him.
Thomas Oliphant in today's Boston Globe and the idea that anybody should be excoriated for exposing the military to the Vietnam War for having the courage to come back and tell the American public that there was a bunch of crap and people were dying for nothing.
Shame on anybody who would do that, especially draptagers like Bush and Cheney and the other new cons that ever served one day in the military.
But I just mentioned that in passing. Excuse me for getting I rate.
All right.
No, what makes me so furious isn't the fact that they're doing it is the fact that there are actually people including these jack holes in the media for buying into it.
Oh, this makes sense. Well, it's an examiners. I mean, is there some alluded to this?
He's some kind of trade.
Oh my god. I mean, the Kami Pinto Jane Fonda, Joan Baiesta, they're neck a lot with knickers already and with Pat Boone's White Bucks.
Well, speaking of Pat Boone in the box. Yeah.
Anyway, here's the poll. Here's our first poll, which is now coming to a conclusion.
I have no idea where we're just adding names on there, but why not? It killed some good time. Like you say.
Which of these people best fits the description of two Jewish? He's two Jewish or she?
Jackie Mason, one twenty one. He pulled away in a stretch big time just like choice draper who was going in the wrong direction.
Jackie Mason, one twenty one friend, Russia, eighty nine. And then Annie, Julie, Roman seventy.
Alan Dushiewicz, thirty four. Woody Allen, twenty five. Gary Shanling, sixteen. Jerry Sondfeld, eleven David Brenner, eleven.
Ten for the Humper for the Hebrew Hammers, got ten. Joan Rivers, ten. David Schwimmer, ten.
Sanctivus, Jr. Nine. Iroinderman, seven. Barry Manolo, six. He'll be coming back.
Alan Greenspan, four. Gilbert Godfried, four. Harvey Firestein, three. She'll be coming back.
Jerry Stiller, two Mel Brooks, two. Barbara Wawa, one. Carl Levin, one Howard Stern, one. No votes for Howard Kosell.
Pepe Fields are Jerry Lewis.
My and local, here sports radio five sixty, you and you am.
And for our Julie and our Russian ladies and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews.
And listening to the near roe, communist hour.
Get ready for a show that'll have the critics talking.
Check out that beetle. He does fill it out nicely.
Oh gosh, oh god, he started it round. I'd like to give him out some out. Oh god, I'd like to fave him.
And look at his. Oh gosh, look at the twerk ball.
Game watch tonight.
Can't wait. Now it's interesting. All the other gay bits that we have. I don't think we can play any of them.
Oh, I can't imagine why, but most of the things that there need to be dumped.
Can I say that? No. No. No need to be.
By the way, anyway, so we're changing the pool. Yes. People are still vaccineed.
Well, we don't want to name more Jew names. We're off the Jews now. We're on a gays. Okay. Let's do like a a Jew gay or something like that.
Which of these people best fits the description of being too gay? That's the question in pool number two. Forget about the Jews. Okay. We already did enough with them.
So to speak. Bruce B. Lange, Jim J. Bullock, Paul Lind, Charles Nelson Riley, Christopher Lowell, Richard Simmons, Truman Capote,
or Harvey Firestein. I think that's a, in fact, the list here. I had to put a brick on it because it keeps trying to float away.
That's a magnificent list of screamers. A little bit too gay and some of them way, way, way too much over the top. So to speak.
Now you think that that was a all day poll. I don't see how you could say that because people are still.
There's still one. They're going to add to it for all day. I mean, this guy before with Louis B. Anderson is gay. Is he gay?
No, sir. I mean, how many people are actually out of the closet? Six such as, and I'm not talking about these people on queries.
Folks, people that nobody knows who their names are. That's just the cock eyes. What that is. I can't know. Okay. Okay. I'll see if you can.
WQM. Hello. Line nine. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I know you're on to mention once a last one. Have once a couple, too. Yeah.
Billy Krustleman. I can't stand that guy. Matt. The original New York Yankee Jew. Man, I can't do it.
Okay. And for the current poll, Matt drudge, man. Oh my God. Oh, excellent choice. Too gay. All right. No, thanks a lot, but thank you.
What a good choice. The drudge. Meister. Wow. What a screamer. What an absolute self-hating screaming screaming. Faggot.
567056. He ain't no David Brock. At least David Brock found a pair before was too late. Matt. Hey, Matt. WQM. Hello. Hello. Good morning, Polly. How are you? I have one for your list. Okay.
No, David. Was that Lynn Samuels? No. Are you sure? No. Who was that? I don't know. Are you sure a crazy person? That's just my guess. Okay. I could be wrong. I think that was Lynn.
567. I know she was out. 5670560. How do I know? 18 work. No, actually, she's on. She's getting serious. I couldn't have been her. She's got that sure of you. They know. Do you know that? What's she? She's on that satellite radio crap. I mean, she's on that thing. Where is her website? One moment, please. No, that definitely wasn't her. Cause she's on beginning Monday through Friday, April 19. She's on one. Oh, I see. She's got the time to go. Yeah. One to three.
On serious time for Linda. Get serious. Lynn Samuels. You know that? No, I didn't know if you had serious. You'd be able to listen to this. The one forty three left. And then click it to the right and stick your finger in it. And there she is. I think that was her. It was either her Don Johnson. WQA. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's that? A pair of Henry Kissinger and Golden My Year? Say, what is with these people? What is the story with them? Oh, they're gay? The Jewish part is over. You want to see the Jewish part?
I don't understand. You get it. Can you relate to it? No more Jews. Okay. Our quota. It's just like at the hotel. We enough Jews here. No more. No more allowed. Do you believe this? Yeah, of course. They want. I need to do a couple of bedtime stories and leave a little space in here. Maybe that'll do it. In fact, I don't know who I'm going to vote for on this other one because this is I thought the first one was tough. I voted for the nanny, friend, Risher. I'll tell you. I don't know.
I said, Truman Capote. Truman Capote was the nastiest stereotype. Great author, though. But she should have just stayed off TV. Is it possible that you haven't seen Christopher Lowell? No, I've seen Christopher Lowell. Why? You think everybody should vote for Christopher Lowell because you think that she's a category under himself and Truman Capote with the category on to her. Tho. Thwitty. Richie Simmons, six Christopher Lowell, four Jim J. Bullock, two, three.
Truman Capote has got a pair. Harvey Firestein, two. Miss Drudge. He's got to probably hide them under that hat out of the first 18 votes. Just a smattering on their right off the bat. Michael's brother speaking of strange people. Michael Jackson's everywhere. And this is the or post spin on this. Okay. This is their take. A jury will determine his gullarendicence. And we pray Michael Jackson is not guilty. It says otherwise. It would mean that a sweet kid's been violated in the most sickening way. But Jackson had just committed a legal
hairy carry by farming lawyers. Mark Ergoson, Ben Brockman. Jackson, Finn's decision to retain his new lawyer, Tom Messero, was his decision alone. That's almost as credible as O.J. Simpson's innocent plea. From what I hear, Councillor Messero is a very fine attorney said,
Bradman, who is still under a gag order. Messero is especially celebrating the liberal and black community in California. But Jackson's so-called decision making is as confused as Adam and Eve on Mother's Day. This is by Steve Dunley,
the post. A source post of this whole satin potentially shocking mess said, Jackson bizarre. Yes, but that shouldn't qualify him for being crazy because when he didn't firing those two hot chivalrous was legally
psychologically and strategically crazy. Now the truth, the real person who called in Messero is Michael's brother Randy Jackson, who hasn't had much to do since the Jackson five. I don't even think I ever heard of him. Did you? Sure. You did? Yeah, he was also gumbo marks. I'm a Randy Johnson.
Anyway, Randy Jackson is present. He is with the nation of Islam. Did I tell you they yesterday? Yes. Now Steve Dunley, he says, I'm not saying that they're paying him because the nation of Islam makes it a practice of not even paying attention. But what kind of brownie points will Randy get from this group? Is that a plan words, brownie points? Whose leader, Lewis Farrakhan is a stone dead racist? The nation of Islam wants to make this a race issue for Michael Jackson who's paler than a bottle of milk. Sadly, some jurors define themselves by race, but Randy Jackson should know something.
The jury pool in Santa Barbara County where Jackson will face justice is as white as OJ South Central jurors were black. So Randy, a religion to the nation of Islam could just put bro Michael away for a long time and lonely place. Wake up and get a real job. Right, Steve Dunley, even today's New York coast. Randy Jackson, my ass. Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 80 that probably they want to turn into a racial thing. You want to play the race card again. You know, works are good for OJ. Sure. They got a whole deck.
The only problem being that's going to be like Steve Dunley, he says probably an all white jury. We're not going to be given the black tower salute at the end of the winter.
It comes in. How is that trial coming? How's the bird coming in the adjacent Williams trial? The OJ in this case, the OJ is in
the so that sentiment of support for her brother and sister and they might be murderers. Is that going to see been her cross examine?
Well, and who is really the victim here? You know, make me think of the Jason Williams case and you just saw on our jury clock that they're out for about an hour.
Jason Williams defense team. The jury's been out for an hour. They're still liberating. Okay. They're palpitating and
deliberating. Well, let's you know right away as soon as we get the verdict, they're going to fry his ass. When that be great. I don't think it's going to happen.
I think it's just went off by itself. It's like that dog. You know, the dog was dealing around with a gun and pooped by a bing.
I'll see him no more. W. A. M. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, I am. Yes, you are. Well, first of all, I've got people for both polls, but I'm sure
you have how come Barbara Strychan didn't make the two Jewish Paul. She was supposed to be on there, probably a Zach mistake. Okay, because I haven't even
your mistakes. Zach, well, we're under a lot of stress because everything technology is all screwed up. So he's got
an email. And it just got lost in translations. So to speak. I love you, Neil, but how come you're not on either poll yet?
Whatever you want. If you want me on there, I'm on. I'm on. Well, you're not. You're not. You're not. But I think you should be on the poll. I thought maybe
folks go out of it. And are you putting women on the two gay Paul? Sure. Well, what about Rosie O'Donnell? Rosie O'Donnell. You got it.
I got her on there. Okay, thanks. Last but not least, I got to say ghost liars. See you. A little stucco right at the end. That was bad.
Anyway, Rosie O'Donnell, can we play that? The famous Boka Brian Rosie song. Right. I don't think so. Why not? What does it say in there? I'll tell you what,
why don't you play it and see how far you got. Okay. Oh, not that one. That's what I'm going to do. This one, like you say, well,
I'm going to check it.
One for the lady.
When
Can be a
Oh
Give up all the lies.
Now I hope livin' lane and missy like sky.
Oh!
That's seen nothin' wrong with that?
No, that's not the one I was thinking of.
I know, it's not.
It's nice and antiseptic.
Nice and famous and nothin' about cottage cheese yeast or whatever it doesn't know.
No, that's right.
Mashed potatoes or nothing.
Mashed potatoes yeast.
Oh, that's my favorite.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the 8.
Is mashed potatoes or yeast on a list?
No, I think we can play that.
I think everybody would like to hear a little of that mashed potato or yeast.
How about a QA and hello?
Yes, for the GALUS.
How about George?
They won't relent, will they?
How about a QA and hello?
Maybe he wants to do it.
Hello, Neil.
How are you doing?
Here's the other one.
Hello.
Yes.
I got two of them for you if you let me.
How about one?
No, I want one.
I'll give you one first and then you'll have one.
Ricky Williams.
Okay, that's your opinion now.
See, we're not outing people on the air, but he thinks Ricky Williams might be one of those, you know?
We'll put him on there.
Which of these people best to...
And of course, since he got his haircut, I don't think he's quite as, you know, flaming.
Is that the word I want to use?
Is it?
Since he got the haircut.
All in a Liberace.
I mean, what is for tonight?
We just got yesterday morning watched on the air.
Apparently you listened and I watched on the biography channel.
I forced you to listen to that crap.
Liberace.
Excuse me.
Can I change my vote, please?
Cracker, please.
I'm well-dressed.
Let's see.
Michael Jackson says somebody and also Father O'Toole.
I'm thinking we put Father's tool on there.
But Michael Jackson and Liberace.
Okay.
Rhymes with...
Okay.
Gay.
My.
And locals.
This is 4205-6-E.
Way to.
Way to.
Hey, there's no way to preserve our healthcare system.
But one man has found a loophole, a back door, if you will.
Introducing the Richard Simmons HMO.
I know it sounds like there's an omission, but there's not.
With Richard Simmons HMO, you'll get medical care in a festive atmosphere.
Not sequined, hospital gowns.
And since Richard's always been a hands-on practitioner, he knows how to turn a profit,
while you turn your head to cost.
And again, you've been talking for 20 minutes.
Other HMOs worry about mounting hospital costs, but Richard Simmons is only worried about mounting patients.
And over the table, there's the only take a second.
Oh, yes!
And if you sign up now, you'll get absolutely free.
Richard's new exercise video, Sweating the The Prostate Exam.
Richard Simmons HMO.
Line up now.
I'm gonna be the biggest HMO you've ever seen.
And if it only created our pool, he is.
That was a tiptoe in right along the edges, you notice?
Yeah, it was a...
It was okay.
Around the rim.
Right around the rim.
Anyway, he's got 31 votes.
Richard Simmons, he's got...
But third man's leading the pack.
Which of these people best fits the description of two gay?
Richard Simmons 31.
Christopher Lowell 9.
Jim J. Bullock 8.
Mad Thruarch, he's got seven.
Harvey Firesteen 6.
Truman Capote 5.
Charles Nelson Raleigh 3.
Pauline 1.
Bruce B. Lange 1.
LeBrosi 1.
None yet for Rosie.
Or yours, Julie.
Or Ricky Williams.
Or Michael Jackson on the first 72.
Now, during the break, I listened to a fat ass Rosie,
and I enjoyed it very much.
And I thought...
No!
I thought it was gonna play until we got to that part about the tree.
Right.
And at that point...
We...
I can fix that up.
And maybe on our birthday, we can play that.
We need to work on that.
Fix some of these bits up, instead of just losing them.
It's too good.
We're not gonna lose them.
I'm gonna resubmit them and rebuild them.
No, no, I'm...
Where does it well as a way?
I can like work around them.
In fact...
Oh, fat ass, Rosie.
Please go away.
Yeah.
Find a new way to attack up a big old hole.
And eat your whole holes.
Till you explode.
Trust like your fat fat chugging ladies.
Have to fight your seats on a plane.
Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from teetones.
And see your toes.
After piggy poo nose.
Now, can be fat disgusting and hasty.
Oi, oi.
You make the chugging women smile.
They like the gals, rabbit sassy.
Think smelly, fat sore, repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grapple.
After it was occupied by head,
Has learned to chew on to get into your car.
Why?
I can squeeze.
I find the magnificent jarla there, didn't you?
That was beautiful.
Wasn't that great?
Right.
But it's for the rest of it.
It requires a little bit too much tailoring during these trying times in which we live.
During which censorship has reared its ugly head.
I'm sorry, it's ugly.
If I can say that.
It's a ripped tailoring.
Let's see.
Jay says this is a good point.
Although Miss Andrews just moved over to Channel 4.
She just flew over to Channel 4.
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
You didn't know that?
I did not know that.
Our old friend, our old colleague, Little Brian Andrews, has just flown.
Over to a channel 4.
We're going to probably say cute things like.
Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth?
Right.
It says how about everyone at Channel 7?
If I have to be specific, I say the weather for re and belch cookies in a re.
They have to time this chumal to the set so we won't float away.
Oh, as a matter of fact, how about Brian Noracross and Bill Cammal?
We got it.
And what about cookies in a re?
Is she a dike?
I mean, just rumored, of course?
Well, she's got short hair.
Well, that don't prove it.
I know what does.
So does Avril Lavigne have short hair?
Is she a dike?
Avril doesn't have short hair.
She did.
Once upon a time.
Which was a baby?
Let's see.
Tracy and Kendall says two nominations for the 2G.
A pool.
Richard Dawson and Freddie Mercury.
Richard Dawson?
Who knows what's going on?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Freddie Mercury.
Two gay and two dead.
Okay, we're getting on there.
Now, what are we doing with these?
Is Zach writing these down?
You adding these or emailing or what?
I mean, I don't really care.
We're just going sometimes.
Zach's writing it down.
Look at this.
It said you should put Louis Anderson back on the quillist.
Maybe we need to apologize to that guy to call me before.
I didn't die.
It says he was blackmailed, paid off, and went to authorities when more money was at four.
Please add these syrupy fag Jim neighbors also.
Well, how can we leave Jim neighbors off?
Joe, I don't know if you can relate it.
What?
The rest of that facts.
No, it's a good thing you stopped me right there.
Stop right there.
It says, remember rock had no friends, but neighbors up the right.
That's cute.
That's very cute.
Nice going, howie.
Wow.
One of that's how we should pirou that's on a stat.
I doubt it.
Anyway, so there you go.
We can put Louis Anderson on there.
I didn't know anything about that.
So you want to apologize because you really you ripped that poor guy that called in.
What you're about to say is you're putting an ass bad.
I had no idea.
See, this is the only problem with this pull that you wanted to curate on all day long.
Thank goodness I have just a little teeny tiny bit of judgment because they're going to be speculating and like trying to out a whole bunch of people who aren't out.
Who we don't even know like that Ricky Williams thing.
I hear that all the time.
Do we have evidence about that?
Who's we?
I don't have any.
I think probably the guys that hang out in the showers with him like the mad dog would know and then probably our buddy.
Absolutely.
He would probably sure know about it, but he ain't going to talk.
He ain't speaking.
Richie 737 Harvey Firestein 13.
These people are just too gay for comfort.
Christopher Lowell, if he's got 13, Mr. Rugges got 10.
She's moving up nicely.
Jim J. Bullock 8, Liberace 7, Truman Capote 5, Charles Nelson Riley is 4.
He arrives.
Three Paul N. 2, Roospeelage 1, Ricky Williams got one and probably most seen it.
Michael Jackson 1 and Rosio Donald don't have any of which is amazing to me out of 105 votes.
WBDQA him.
Hello.
Over there.
Yes, sir.
Elton John.
Who is it?
Elton John.
Oh, Elton John.
Okay.
You don't have to worry that thing called a phone or worse like a miracle.
Elton John.
She's just too gay.
They're big glasses.
You know, the granny glasses, whatever.
How do you call those?
Google glasses.
Google Google.
Google.
Google lies.
Yeah.
Maybe she's doing a Google search of the audience.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Too bad.
We got so many great gay bits in here, but we even gave Indian the cover.
I think we can play.
They didn't play that one.
WBDQA him.
Hello.
Little Richard.
Little Richard.
She's a Flamer.
Of course, he's a little on the...
Of course, he's a little on the 2D fruity side, if he asked me.
He was rocking rolls and drugs that drove into homosexuality.
Is that what it was?
What he said.
And speaking of dark, complexed singers, how about James Brown?
Don't know about that, but I'm sure.
Oh, yeah, James Brown, you can me.
Flamer.
He's all over the place.
Flamer.
Notorious.
Well, he spent a lot of time in the house.
Zach, what did you say?
Play the tape back.
You are.
I'm telling him.
You are really dancing.
I think you call it in the big house.
The slammer.
See?
Don't say slammer.
That's even worse.
Anyway, Tucker says, how about a...
Oh, sick feet in Roy.
Sick feet in Roy.
Like Lee Lee, poor guy.
Actually, what's his name?
His home.
Roy.
Sick feet don't want to go back there.
But I read it in the outside of the inquiry.
You guys, Mike Walker and all the people that they inquire.
What's going on with you guys lately?
That's Roy Horn and Roy.
Wait, Roy Horn.
Yeah.
Are you actually putting them on here?
I'm not.
Well, put them on as a pair.
They sick feet in Roy.
Buildings on fire by walking past them.
Okay, sick feet in where I put them on as a pair.
Is a matching pair.
What's that show of Bill Colorn with the man in the family pair?
What was that show?
Horrible quiz show.
You don't know?
No.
Bill Cabrino, no.
I've asked this a million times.
I've got a mental block.
Both of Colorn was great.
I love Bill.
I love Bill contact with Bill Colorn.
It was a good guy, you know what?
Who?
He did not have a wooden leg.
He had like, Poli or something as a kid.
He walked with a bad limb.
Bill Colorn.
You know Bill Colorn.
Of course, I'm just putting his name on the original price.
He's right in watch my line.
And not that one.
Who's got a secret?
I've got a, you've got something.
I got a wooden leg.
Let's see Steve says, my nominee for the first news.
Two gay is the today's show,
a contributor in style guru.
Oh yeah.
Stephen, how do you pronounce that name?
Kojakaru?
Kojak.
Just put Kojak.
Kojak.
I asked about that creature.
I saw it one time.
I said, what is that thing doing on my TV?
Talk about gruesome obnoxious stereotypes.
That might be the winner right there.
He makes Truman Capote seem like Hercules,
like Samson and Delilah.
Not David Samson, of course.
We love the Marlins.
Isn't it amazing how well, you know,
a little, a little success turns everybody around.
We did it.
There you go.
How about everybody's making a fun of him last time.
And now all of a sudden, hey, these guys are for real.
We want to build a mistake.
Amazingly want, guys.
You got it.
No problem.
Twice this afternoon at QA.
If you want to find out if you've got something that you really don't want.
Lots of diseases waiting out there lurking in the weeds and maybe inside your body.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is a great place for you to go.
I was there a couple of weeks ago and it's like a miracle.
It's so easy.
You don't even have to take your clothes off for most of these tests,
like the virtual, like the coronary heart scoring and the full body screening.
Virtual colonoscopy probably like have to take your pants down.
But it's much less invasive than the traditional kind.
And some of you probably have got a lot of practice anyway.
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to Truman if detected early.
That's what this is all about.
If you've got a family history of say heart disease, of cancer, any of these things.
Or if you're reaching that age when you just have to have these tests.
Here's a great way to do it.
A doctor's be fooled isn't even needed.
And like I said, not invasive.
No pain.
No strain.
It takes just a few minutes out of your lifetime.
And if you do have something going on bad in your body, you can find out in time to do something intelligent about it.
If not, you walk out of there with a big smile on your plus and great piece of mind too.
For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4.
9.6.6.3600.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open MRI,
high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much, much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center, it's a fabulous place to have been serving sound photos for over 20 years.
Their facility also provides you a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center.
Don't put it off because the sooner you make that call, you could find out it could be a life-saving phone call.
For that imaging exam call them today at 9.5.4.
9.6.6.3600.
9.5.4.9.66.3600.
My, I, and look all this is for 205 City.
You ain't who I am.
I'm here, a real nice weather cloud.
Raise those arms and start peeping to the great, little hips like,
thank my booty, watch me with your best shot and girls just wanna,
oh, get space, you can stop from it, and so many more.
And when you want us, you'll also receive my new deal at Squirrel Plan 2.
So come on, not you.
What a healthy glow on those chicken types.
Thank you to the oldies.
No.
Well, they're all boy toys, all right?
About 32, here's the fact that says,
from a dark, complex, listener in North Miami, TR,
I personally know Ricky Williams.
If he has any issue that is with his with too many women, he has two kids,
he's all of 25.
There are guys very much not gay. How do you like that?
Okay.
Actually, I resent the fact that if you're introverted,
articulate, intellectual, and black people assume you are gay,
I prefer to think of him as the anti-D on Sanders,
Michael Irvin, or fellow in your stereotypical Negro athlete of choice.
Please clear up the issue, Ricky has no problem with those who are gay,
otherwise they just happen to not be a member of that club.
Well, that's good, I didn't think he was gay.
I don't know.
Do you think he's gay?
Who?
Zack?
No, he thought it was a club.
I've seen that with girls.
I'm serious.
This is the problem with this pull, which is why two hours is more than enough,
because people are going to start banding about names,
just because somebody wants a rumor that Ricky Williams was this,
or Louis Oliver, was that or stuff like that?
Let's see, college president disappointed by Cheney.
Westminster College's president,
city was so surprised and disappointed by Vice President Dick Cheney's attacks
on John Kerry during his speech that he's inviting the Democrat to visit
for a reply.
Fletcher Lampkin told the Associated Press that Cheney's staff approached him last week
about using Westminster as the backdrop for a major foreign policy address,
nothing was said about making a stump speech.
In a campus-wide email after the speech Lampkin said,
I must admit that I was surprised and disappointed that Mr. Cheney
chose to step off the high ground and resort to carry bashing
for a large portion of his speech.
Nicole Devonage, a Cheney spokeswoman said it was unfortunate
that the speech came as a surprise to Lampkin,
because it was always intended as a campaign message event.
It was a major foreign policy address and it's mind-standing that the college
was made aware Senator Kerry's different views on foreign policy
would be mentioned throughout, she said.
Standing in the campus gymnasium where Winston Churchill wore the 1946
of an iron curtain to sitting across post-war Europe,
Cheney sharply criticized Kerry's Senate votes on defense and intelligence legislation.
Lampkin to describe himself as a split-ticket voter said he tends to be
a bit on the conservative side because of his military background.
He's a former administrator at West Point.
I'm pretty independent, Lampkin said, I can't tell you I'm one or the other, I'm not.
As a college president, I try to remain someone who has all of you points represented
on the campus fairly and equally. What a concept.
Almost as fair and balanced as Fox News.
Lampkin said he was not expecting a speech minus any mention
presidential politics or election year, but that the second half was all about politics
and a political stump speech and in that respect it was disappointing.
In the email Lampkin said that in the interest of balance and fairness and integrity,
we will strongly encourage Senator Kerry to take advantage of this venue to make his views known as well.
Kerry spokesman Bill Burton said the campaign has received Lampkin's email.
We'll consider a visit to Westminster, which is located in the center of a presidential battleground state,
Missouri.
Missouri, man.
You ever been there really, especially in the heat of summer, it is Missouri.
Ever been in San Luis?
No, Kessin.
Don't.
Don't.
It is steamy, man.
It is so humid, you could like, oh, other than that,
why would one want to go there?
You could pee your pants and nobody to even know the difference.
That's how humid it is in San Luis.
Line 9, WQM.
Hello.
Neil, Uncle Neil, I have a favor for you.
Not only two gay, but winner of the subcategory of snotty,
a sellout, the lovely led chewed Aurey Fleischer.
Aurey Fleischer, okay?
Who doesn't paint his bald spot though I hear?
Aurey Fleischer.
Painted flesh color.
Don't see him, no mo.
Just two gay, that's our poll question.
Which of these?
Two gay, not just gay, but two gay.
Rhymes with two pay.
Absolutely.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Kevin Spacey?
Two gay?
Maybe.
No, see, you don't even understand the question.
I think we all agree on it one day.
He's in one day's out.
I do have that story here, which I think is kind of boring.
But at any rate, see, two gay, he doesn't get it.
No.
See what I'm saying?
I do.
He doesn't even come close to getting it.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How about that clothing designer, Fassacci?
Gianni Versace.
Yeah.
He was pretty gay.
Yeah.
Until that moment.
Okay, thanks.
Gianni Versace, you know,
that's not to be interesting how he spells it.
G-I-A-N-N-I-G-I-E-R-S-A-C-E.
Versace.
He got it.
Versace.
He got it.
Very good, Zach.
I mean, Zach ain't no Scott Jr. there,
but he's moving up in the world.
How Scott Jr.
You doing?
We'll see him tomorrow, huh?
I think you're what's a main or something.
Did he really?
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
Well, see, Scott Jr.
No.
No.
Idaho?
Something like that.
What a perfect place for him.
Because there's a lot of strange people like in Boise
and up in the hills and the mountains.
Yeah.
The ones that got kicked out of Montana,
they should move over to Idaho.
I'd go there to heartbeat.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound.
Like I said, it's a great place.
Pound 5, 60.
I'm telling you, you ought to go to Omaha, man.
You love it.
I want to.
I'm telling you.
People say, oh, that's the middle of the Bible, Bill.
Are you crazy?
No, I haven't been there in like, let's see.
What was the last year I did the hurricane?
Games to 83.
Something like that.
It had about 20 years,
but it probably hadn't changed all that much.
Great food, nice, friendly people.
All in corn fed, you know, like real well built.
When it went and went and mimin.
Man.
I'm just suggesting on your right,
it's your start making your tour,
your virtual tour of the US.
Somebody QA him.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Nail, please.
Speaking.
This is Nail.
This is Ed.
I just want to.
I can't believe you were so rude to the guy
that mentioned this.
And Louie Anderson.
That guy.
It was on each of Hollywood story and everything.
Well, I already apologize once.
I'm not going to do it again.
Okay.
I mean, yeah, it's the way it goes.
Do you have somebody else?
You just wanted to my asset for being rude?
No, no.
No, George Michael too.
George Michael located it.
That's a good one.
Well, he redeemed himself.
I apologize.
That cut the guy short.
I said, well, where'd you come up with it?
And then of course, you chime right in.
I never heard anything.
If you had been doing your research,
which of course is a big part of your job
is producing the world famous Neil Rogers show,
you just said, oh, I saw it on ET or whatever the hell was.
I am doing extensive research on where the good pictures of celebrities are.
Naked celebrities are.
And I still don't see no Johnny Depp pictures.
Zach hasn't come up with those yet.
No, he hasn't.
Come on, Zach.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the ATT.
Go out and see Freaky Carlos.
All he's got is new pictures of Tammy, Faye and Susan Lucci.
Wow.
In fact, how come he is not on this pool?
Well, he's not a celebrity.
Oh, yeah, he ought to be.
We'd like to make him famous.
Part of that power morning show, at least he used to be.
That's right.
Freaky Carlos, put him on there.
Okay.
He might just zoom to the top of the list.
He'll fly by them like they're sitting still.
WQAM, hello.
How about Carson from Querite?
No, we're not doing the Querite people.
Okay.
See, they don't know the name of the actor.
They don't know who the people are.
Do you know what he said?
Carson?
I don't know.
Carson daily?
Oh, we're not doing this with somebody.
Thanks to the list.
I thought I forwarded it.
A list of what?
The Querite guys.
And what did I just get you saying a little while ago?
We're not going to put those people on.
Nobody knows who they are.
Carson Cressley.
Carson one.
Cressley Elvis Cressley is gay.
Cressley with a K.
Cressley.
Cresskin?
The K.
Rhymes with.
Cresskin's running.
I wonder Cresskin's running.
I'm making excuses for Michael Jackson.
I'm in the local.
This is five cities.
The radio's on yours now.
I'm in the Querite.
He's dating up near you.
It's the consumable youth and dying to see.
Lala Volumia.
All of your favorite cutting edge alternative terrorists on one stage for one explosive performance.
Lala Volumia.
Sing such gemicidal artists as Mokata Al-Sar.
His deputy Mustafa Al-Yakubi.
And 963 other names we can't even pronounce.
If you want to see a concert tour that's completely followed, she asked you what I missed.
Lala Volumia.
And coming later this summer.
It's Gaza fans starring Osama Osborn.
I am Iron Man.
Good action.
I am Led by.
So what about all those guys from Querite for the old guy?
Yeah, we'll just put them all on there.
Yeah.
Here's a great one in the artwork on this fact is magnificent.
This is a beautiful thing.
If you connect the dots, I guess.
Yeah.
And she's saying keep looking up.
It's Miss Jack Horkheimer.
From the outer space transit planetarium.
Got that.
That's it.
Has anyone mentioned Rip Torne?
That's a good one.
Thank you, Jack.
Rip Torne.
Remember Rip Torne?
Sure.
GONG SHOW.
Big silly mustache.
That's Rip Taylor.
Rip Taylor.
Who's Rip Torne was an actor?
Rip Taylor too.
Rip Torne Rip Taylor.
I don't know about Rip Torne.
I think they might mean Rip Taylor.
No.
You know Rip Torne?
Yes.
Okay.
He's dead anyway.
He is not.
He was another queen.
I mean, if you want to go back to Allos gay movie stars.
Now how about let's do a little more timely?
Clay Aiken.
Okay.
No?
Sure.
He seems a little different.
A little.
Who's that other one from American Idol with a frizzy hair?
What's that was his name?
Oh.
Oh.
How can you forget?
Who's in an awful movie?
Is it Justin?
Another Justin?
Yeah.
Not Justin.
And how about Justin Tinkerbell while we're at it?
We're at it.
Justin Giambi.
Justin.
He's a baseball player.
Guarini.
Guarini.
Very good.
Don't say that right.
Don't say the last syllable too loud though.
Justin Guarini.
Justin Guarini.
That's exactly correct.
Okay.
Wow.
And it was another one I had like an eye on.
What about?
What about since we're doing these great singers?
What about Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boys?
All right.
He loves Jessica, you know.
Does she?
Does it really?
I see.
5'6 7'0 5'0".
He's a strange from his family.
Come in to QA and hello.
Hey, name.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I hope your feelings don't get hurt too bad.
But man, the biggest thing in Miami is not you.
It's Walter McDowell.
I can't believe nobody sent him yet.
Malcolm McDowell.
Walter Mercado.
Who the hell's that?
The Spanish fortune teller.
He's on Spanish TV.
That guy's like looking around.
Oh, the robes and the rings.
Oh, Walter Mercado, excuse me.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
I met Ricky Williams in person.
Yes.
And I can see how, you know, I'm happy.
He might be straight.
I don't know.
But I can see how people would say whatever.
Yeah.
The guy definitely has a swish when he walks.
I see.
Well, listen, just out of his pant.
Hey, him and, Mayor Panadass.
All right.
So we got who is it, Walter Mercado?
I've heard that name.
And of course, it's a watch.
Wow, I know for him.
But I see.
In flipping, you'll see the ads for him.
Yeah, white hair, shoulder, headlight.
I like to put in this figure right here.
Yeah, I know who you're talking about.
Another one of them, like the copper bracelet,
kind of magnetic bracelets, all that clackery
that's so big on those speaking lace TV.
He's the this clear.
Oh, Miss Simmercotto.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Let's take a look at how we're doing here.
Richie Simmons, which of these people best fits
the description of two gay?
I mean, it's one thing to be gay, but it's the two gay.
Richie 762.
Let me tell you the story again for the 400th time
about how he put his hands around my neck
and nearly broke my larynx that time at W.I.N.Z.
And he just really frosted my ass.
At that point at this site, he was a real jack hole.
Was that a come on?
No, no, it was not.
No, he's just trying to be funny.
He's just a clown.
He thinks he's very funny.
And another thing about this whole phony act
and this business about it,
all he's there to do is just make money.
Every year, a couple of years, it's something to do.
I mean, believe me, there are people that don't understand it.
Oh, no, he's so sincere.
And he has those fat crying women.
He really cares about them.
Right.
Sure he does.
Anyway, Richie 764, Christopher Lowell 22,
Liberace, she's moving on up 17.
She's probably about that big candle out in the sky.
Matt Rudge 15.
She's doing pretty strong.
Jim J. Bullock 15 and Harvey Feierstein 15.
What a trifecta that is, huh?
Truman Capote 10.
Charles Nelson Riley 9.
Rosio Donald 8.
Paul N. 7.
The O'Rider 7 tied with Paul N.
Holy I'm alive, I think.
Sigfried N. the...
Roy!
Five.
Michael Jackson 4.
Ricky Williams only 3.
We've already dismissed that.
We'll leave him on the pool just for those people who want to probably, uh, Jets fans.
Take a little poke.
Why shouldn't this have that?
Little Richard 2.
Alan Sousse, where did he come from?
Who?
Alan Sousse?
I have no idea what's going on, of course, being in the dark.
Who's Alan Sousse?
He's got two votes.
I don't know.
Did Zack put that on there?
I don't know.
Zack?
He's got to get to the microphone.
Zack?
Sorry, yeah, we're fixing the computer.
Who is Alan Sousse?
What's the matter?
Uh, Freddie Mercury 1.
Bill Kamal 1.
Bruce V. Lance 1.
Brian Orchard 1.
Erie Fleischer 1.
George Michael 1.
None yet for Jim Neighbors.
Collie G's.
Murf Grippin' None.
Sad and put Murf Grippin' on there either.
Rex Reed, where...
These other ones must be coming from Eric.
I'll take your word for it.
Louis Anderson None.
Gianni Versace, you don't have any out in John None.
James Brown, out in Frank Fiki Carlos None.
And who'd be Lee Woffeer?
Is some other singer we're going to put on there?
Who was it?
I have a couple more to put back on there.
Little Richard?
Clay Aiken.
Little Richard?
Rip Torn.
Rip Torn, right?
Rip Taylor?
Nick Carter, right?
And Justin Guaguila Guaguila.
And Justin Guaguila Guaguila.
Uh, with Aguarini.
5.6705.60, 05.60, 05.60 on the 18th.
I told you this was going to be a real pinnacle.
Well, 14-year-old arrested for red net club initiation.
Wait until you hear this story.
From Lake County, Florida, no less.
This is disgusting.
A 14-year-old is facing felony charges after investigators say a club initiated on two young brothers went too far.
The attack happened in a real part of Lake County near Claremont.
Detectives say the unthinkable happened in the woods on a dirty, moldy mattress on top of a flatbed truck.
If you want to be part of the red net club, this is an act that had to be committed,
explains Lieutenant Todd Lewis, Lake County Sheriff's Orifice.
To 14-year-old Andrew Jones, detectives say it was initiation in his so-called gang.
First, he and an 11-year-old friend are accused of locking a 12-year-old boy in a trailer.
They then took his seven-year-old brother inside Jones' trailer and forced him to touch a hot stove.
Then a live electrical cord.
The brothers were then brought to a truck behind the home and forced to perform several sex acts on one another.
Each time while a switchblade was held to their throat.
Shielding her face with her door, Jones mother of minutes, he was home at the time, but had no idea what was going on.
A neighbor and friend couldn't believe it. It doesn't sound like what he would do.
That just doesn't sound right to me, comments Doug Walker.
Jones is now facing one kind of false imprisonment, two kinds of ludor-lessivia's battery, two kinds of aggravated assault,
one kind of battery, two kinds of sexual battery.
The second boy who's a suspect has not been charged, that part of the case is now out of state for his office.
Detectives say if there are any other victims, they should call the Lake County Sheriff's Orifice, immediately to not sooner.
Sick!
There's that recurring theme again.
Yeah.
Ferturity man, it's an issue.
That's right.
Take off your clothes, let us do it all around with other body parts.
Put it on the show for us.
Right.
The teams, you know, the hockey teams.
I think you're looking for his factory.
Yeah.
I see.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, I got a great one for you, Neil.
Yes, sir.
RuPaul.
RuPaul is fabulous.
RuPaul was actually in our building not that long ago.
How was that a couple of years ago?
I don't know.
And they were pruning that thing around.
It was on Power 96, I do believe.
They pruned it around.
That's the get that thing out of my face.
Holy moly.
RuPaul.
567, 0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, hello.
Hi, you got 60 of this?
Speaking.
What about Boy George?
Boy George is excellent.
Okay, thanks.
Have a good one.
Thank you so much.
Tata.
Cheers.
Boy George, how have we leave her a hurrah for there so long?
Oh, because he's been out of sight and out of mind.
Thank you.
And she's been about a sight.
Isn't Boy George and Cindy Loper doing we decided it's the same person?
No.
Oh.
I saw them together.
Our internet connection with the website is back.
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
That's good news.
Yeah.
We still got an hour to go.
So it's great news.
I mean, that Zach doesn't have to go through all of this gymnastics to try to pass stuff along on it or get it on the site.
Lust gymnastics.
So we only have to put like two, three thousand names on there just to make up for this now in the last hour.
Well, that's a relief.
Oh, now what was the problem?
Do we know where we just supposed to kiss the ground that we got about this?
Oh, it's like very sad that it'll correct itself eventually and so it did.
Well, that's good.
It's like magic.
That's right.
Like magic one or two point seven.
Here's my prediction for Thursday morning and at the book.
Yeah.
No, I think we're going to do okay.
I don't know how much you're going to get from, huh?
We'll be fine.
Yeah.
We're not going to get that big jug in.
It goes like stirring up because you had $80 billion with the publicity.
Of course, everybody's coming.
Oh, he's the martyr.
He's the one they're picking on and so on.
Even though all these other people are getting canned.
But nevertheless, but we'll see.
We'll do okay.
I think.
But in the meantime, big one or six and maybe some of the other cheap channel stations are going to take a big dump.
You'll see the big one or 16.
Remember how I commented when last trend came out in just in one week out of 12.
They have taken this unbelievable drop.
And of course, at that time before we knew the San Diego thing for the full book.
Right.
Well, if they can drop from an 8.9 to a 0.7 in one month, how would you like to be one of their salespeople?
Oh, my goodness.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
So our sales department is marginal as they are.
They're going to be kissing the ground and kissing our asses collectively.
They're we're still bringing them some pretty damn decent numbers on a station.
It's what we got those great billboards.
You know, ones that say listen, here he is.
Listen.
What is that man?
Listen.
Pretty weak.
But we'll take it.
We'll take anything we can get from this cheap ass outfit.
By the way, honey, pay days on the 10th of the 25th.
Listen.
What's your name?
Who?
Our accountant lady.
Which one?
We got a staff in there.
There's a room.
I don't know which one.
I don't know which one.
I don't know which one.
I don't know which one.
I want to keep screwing up my paycheck.
That one and the other bitch that won't cut loose for the 50 bucks for my toothbrush.
Carlos.
Yeah, that's you bitch.
We're supporting you 5.
6.
You A.M.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
Yeah.
The things like seasons we sing.
Like roses, but we must tell you.
We swear we're not going to be born.
These outfits are classed.
They would take your hand.
Let's go.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Or maybe she said sister jeans house could be.
Maybe the two of them are bonding again.
I wonder if I'd like to be a fly in the wall when she's in there with sister jean.
We haven't played that in a long time.
Sister jean.
I think it's clean.
It's clean.
Sister jean.
That's machine.
That's machine.
That's machine.
Sister jean.
That's machine.
A sweet and long-wit happy thing.
Oh!
Just the giant truth would be.
Sister jean.
That's machine.
Sister jean.
That's machine.
That's machine.
That's machine.
Sister jean.
That's machine.
That's machine.
That's machine.
My gentleman.
My little girl,
bring her kata,
I can't tell the truth in everything.
Oh it sounds like a film not damn happy that you win, it is all
Who will be the sweetest?
I don't know, a shake is all I see
Tell the fun, batting bat for 85
Then that nutkin' really flies
Mr. Chief, the death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
The death machine, see the Mr. Chief
Well that was great, great minds work alike
We both had a dump that because he said the GD thing in there
Can't do that no more, which I think is ridiculous
I think a lot of these things need to be revisited soon
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, speaking of that, yes
We got the name wrong and the correct name is Joyce
Joyce for attorney
Oh Joyce is the bitch
Apparently
No, that's not who I was talking about
What does she got to do with my paycheck?
No, not the paycheck
We're talking about the issue that needs to be revisited about some of those who are in the corner
What was the name we were given?
Joyce
Oh, Joyce, that's muffs fall, okay, that's Miss muff
She got the name right, wrong
Joyce, not Joyce, see a thing of beauty is a Joyce forever
Not, she's the one that's like, oh you can't say this and you can't say that
You definitely that's a no, don't you know, neither bother asking
Whalen and Madam says John a Columbia South Carolina
Just can't like I said control himself
He's just a facts and fool is what he is
Whalen flowers
Whalen flowers and the Madam you can leave off there, okay
Oh, and I'll tell you another one that we know it
Another one that nobody knows about
Yeah
This may burst your bubble, although you're not old enough
Remember Cookela Fran and Ali you've heard of it
I've heard you mentioned
Oh, other Bertilstrom, the Ventriloquist, he's the one that hand this hand up the
Never heard of it
Puppet
Bertilstrom
Well, I don't even put it on her, nobody's gonna know who that was
But I just mentioned that in passing
He was a little bit too gay, that's why I kept hiding under the counter
WQA, I'm hello
Bertilstrom and Cookela
Hello
Beneath the view of the witch and Cookela, yes sir
Yeah, like to get to meal
And Ali the dragon, speaking, you got him
Alright, meals
Yes
Yeah, I think he got an antidote, he pulled today
Yes, sir
Salminio
Salminio, there you go, he was one
Hey, meal
We'll see him no more, yes
Neal, listen, I'm the first time I call him from New York, I think you're excellent
But he's still in the middle of it
Thanks a lot, pal
I'll let you guys take it down, alright?
Alright, see ya
Alright, man
See ya
See it, Yonkers
56670560, see if those docky races at Yonkers
So, Christ Rapper came in a distant third
And the celebrity race at Pombo Park
Kim Bo came right to go out of town
So he got subbed 4, he got his substitute
That way he comes back, ask him if he likes what he likes better
The substitute or the prostitute
When he comes back to town, you already know the F
I see
Richie Simmons is kickin' ass, man
She's got 78 votes just 2 gay
Richie's got 78 Christopher Lowell 40
Liberace 25
When you think Liberace you would have a lot more
You think we put her on a little bit late, but my goodness
Although I think probably there are a lot of people
that they don't know Liberace from Uranus
Harvey Firestein 22
Jim J. Bullock 19
Miss Drudge and I are tied 16 to peace
How do you like that?
Only he's the one with the hat
Truman Capote 12
Charles Nelson Riley 11
Rosio Donovan 11
Paul Linz got 10
What was he uncle, what?
Unbewitched
Was it Charlie?
No
Little Richard 6, secreted Roy 6, Michael Jackson 5
Ricky Williams 4, even though we debunked that
Eric Fleischer through
Where did Alan Suss come from?
What is that?
Bokeh Brian
Well how did Bokeh Brian get it on there?
Bokeh Brian can communicate with Eric
But uh, I think we could
I see, so Bokeh Brian has been sticking some on air
And in the meantime we can
Well that's pretty interesting, what time does this show start?
12 minutes after 1 at 5 60 but the good news is
Everything is working now
How are you?
You got everything all straightened out?
Life is great, it's sweet
And Thursday 11 30 when those numbers start coming over
It's not important that we succeed
But that clear channel fails, right?
Isn't that our motto?
Right
We'd like to do pretty good
But we don't want to see them do real, real bad
As the assassin, Petty Bolger
Finally gets his just desserts
Okay
Oh it's going to be especially big 106
Might be, I bet you they don't do a one share
I think they can duplicate San Diego
They can in the morning they can do less than a one share
What they be a sweet?
15
Now, 0.9
I already checked it with Robert Creeper
He said that's going to be a point
Yeah
That's what he told me
And believe me he knows this crap
When you shop for quality food work
Great selection and professional service
There's a great store and pomo to be said
Smart shoppers know all about
If you don't know about it
You'll really take your feet over there
And the rest of you too
Because it's brandy shoes and pomo
You'll find the biggest selection of great brand
They meant the women's shoes
Unbeatable prices
And the best service going too
They know your feet inside and out
Even by the aroma
If brandy's the top names in the shoe business
They got them all rock ports
Floreshyme
SAS
Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer, and lots lots more
And with the humongous selection
There you can bet sacks life on it
You're never going to hear sorry
Don't have that in your size
They got it
It's sitting there right on the shelf
Ready to slap on your big fat feet
Find out why most of brandy's
Customs not only keep coming back a year after year
But usually by several pair
On each visit because they're going to save so much cash
Brandy's is open daily nine
Denying Sundays 10 to five
You'll find it in the same great location
That they've been doing it right for a long
Long time 1290
North Federal Highway in Pomano Beach
Always worth the trip no matter where you are
To brandy's in Pomano
And right now it's the final week of Brandy's SAS sale
By the first pair at the regular price
Get the second pair at half price
Let me say it again by the first pair at the regular price
Get the second pair of SAS at half price
So be sure and come on into the store
Check them on the web at brandy shoes.com
This is awesome
It's Dre
Reviewed by Andy Tone
After five six
Oh
The
As I turn on the radio, I turn up my nose, the solution's flowing my mind.
I've got the key, it's my sheet, it's been alive in me, can deny I'm a guy defending for the teddy.
I've got a thing for tops and plastic surgery lights, come on man, please show.
I follow my advice from my dear record, if I'm news I know where I'll go.
And the next thing you know, I'm looking at the mayor's and the prison.
Here I see me do bend this way, and no message could have been any clearer.
If you want to make your world a better place, Michael Drop the soap and bend this way.
119-560-WDQAM, how about former Outcast member Max Wright says Jay, who seems to be obsessed with this topic, I can't imagine why.
The former actor played Alts' father Willie chose to make his flaming granite exit out of the closet by showing up in a disturbed video obtained by the National Enquirer.
The video displays Max enjoying numerous homeless black prostitute males as if they were a giant bowl of ice cream.
While not performing Max and friends would take various brewers to smoke crack cocaine.
Oh, there you go, do you know who that is Max Wright?
Oh, I mean I've seen Alts, so I know who it is, but not by name.
Well now you know.
If somebody said hey, do you know what's his name Max what, Wright?
Altsune, it says was flaming.
Altsune?
No thank you.
567, this article about Kevin Spacey, this may be one of the most boring things that we've ever had in fact.
It's pretty weak.
Yeah, I had a high hopes for it that his brother was actually going to say something about something, but he said was he wasn't really walking his dog at 4 in the morning,
and he lies a lot in his strange and I'm going to make some money because I'm jealous.
That's basically what it's all about.
567-560, we got the mad dog at 2, the Hebrew hammer at 4.
He's a little bit too much for some of this audience.
We got the Crow at 7, more in Crow Marty, man, as the Crow flies.
You got Marlins on Decade 30, and the Red Hot Marlins who are just smoking it, they'll be at Colorado at Denver to play the Colorado Rockies again, 905, and then after that it's...
You'll be asleep.
Well obviously the late game ends late, we all should be sloughing by then, right? On a weeknight? You bet.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I got a pick report.
Yes sir.
Yeah, pick report, your Robbie Stadium, the taking pictures.
Okay.
Alright.
At the stadium?
At the stadium.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
Alright.
You're taking your picture of it at the stadium, okay, went it down, slowed right down, put it into a crawl.
Just pretend you're in the school zone all the way around.
I wonder if Rick Sanchez is over there driving around.
I'm just going to get some of that nervous energy out after his tough show this morning.
Of course, every day with him is a tough show.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez who won our podiums today hands down your pants, the worst TV show of all time.
And it's still on the year on Channel 6, that's the disgrace.
They bump off our... they blow off the... Bob Weaver off the year, Weaver the Weatherman, one of the most beloved figures in the history of South Florida TV,
unceremoniously without even letting him say goodbye.
And they put on a piece of turd like Rick Sanchez, and give him a bogus show, oh man.
I wonder if Cassian oversteal looking his cheeks, you think?
I'll go check.
Yeah.
What a phony you are Paul.
And that'll be another interesting thing to see too, won't it?
Would Stern offer there in the morning?
Who's going to benefit?
Because Cassian overkeep in mind, old Paul and the younger Ron are on...
they're on Zeta, which is a tube channel station.
So if the audience is really astute out there, they want to make a statement.
Even if they're sneaking and listening here and there, they sure is not going to tell anybody about it.
So you catch my drift?
I caught it.
Just say the clear channel, okay?
They're part of this whole entourage of censoring a fool's man,
who want to take away your choices.
Well, they've already done that to a great degree all over the country, with over 1200 channels of crap.
Oh, you want to listen to us in Des Moines?
You want to listen to us in March or State?
You want to listen to us in Burlington, Vermont?
Well, we got the same half a dozen crap right wing programs on in every market.
That was the beginning of the end.
They are the Chigger in the Woodpile, clear channel.
WQA, hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Good. I love your show and that's all I got.
Okay, thanks. He loves my show.
Well, that's better than that Goopal and Pember Pines yesterday, BB Brain or JJ, whatever hell it was.
Maybe it was BJ. They were just too embarrassed to put the real initials.
Couldn't read it on here anyway.
But they had all that warm here today.
You know, right now it's like 41 degrees in exactly what I would call Toasty.
What's going on?
Winter? Winter.
Winter started exporting some of that hot air.
WQA, hello.
Ago, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about to add one to your poll, Miss Rex Reed?
I think she's on here, I do believe.
I didn't hear you now. I don't know what he's down here at the bottom, but if not, I could have heard it.
Good alternative. If I could say that, I'm sorry.
Good alternative would be Rip Taylor.
Rip Taylor is also supposed to be on here, if not the Zack apologize, and we'll straighten out immediately so to speak.
Thank you.
We got those on here, Rip Taylor and Rex Reed.
I know Rex Reed's on here because I read it.
Jim neighbors has no votes.
Jim neighbors, they probably heard him sing when I'd deep that old man river.
You heard him sing, or is that what's going on?
How can anybody sing in that kind of voice that, oh, gee, God, I'm going to talk like some kind of a fruitcake.
Rex Reed won. Now, who is the other one he just said?
Now, what is this, the Queer Eye guys?
In other words, you just lumped them all together and put them on there?
I could have put all five of their names on there.
The Queer Eye guy is one.
Yeah, that's good enough. Just as a bunch.
I could have put Fab 5.
Fab 5?
Fab, Fab.
Oh, look at that. Miss Fudge just moving to the Thai app.
We got a battle. Nekinek knows the knows me and Miss Fudge.
WQA, hello.
Hey, what about Feds Rally?
Who is it?
Feds Rally Rally from the Orion and Feds Show.
Oh, nobody knows what that crap is. Feds Rally.
Oh, you know who could be on there, though? Who that?
And how could we have forgotten about nobody knows this person anymore either?
Another break already?
Oh, yeah.
Exactly.
You Michael's.
The only known as that.
And they know that sound.
Oh, okay.
You Michael's right.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay.
I can't play that one.
Holy, I can play this.
I thought Joey sucked.
Well, that's probably why I wanted to come work there.
Drew Michaels, man.
He made freaking Carlos look like Johnny Weissmuller.
He had a hair shake like Bob Neal.
Oh, real like a wet noodle.
Dead fish.
Little Bob Neural at Coxburg, casting.
That's what we should have called a Bob Neural.
We should have hooded his ass off the stage.
Our last day when he came down and made that when he saw the video station of Paxton,
we should have hooded him right off the stage.
Well, we've tried everything we know to make this station go.
And we just haven't been able to make it.
Maybe Paxton people have more success.
Basically, gets the whole staff over there to announce, right across from the radio station,
that they've sold the station because we're a bunch of losers.
And they couldn't make any money off us.
And at the time we got Rick and Suds, Neil Rogers, Phil Henry, Randy Rose.
We had an all-star, maybe the best lineup in America of any talk store station.
And they couldn't make any money from it.
And one of the reasons they couldn't make any money,
is that the fact that their sales department stunk.
And we decided the fact that their management was too busy with their finger in their nose,
and maybe with the booze in the glass before our Bob Green.
And anyway, the reason they couldn't make any money is because they didn't know they were asked from our elbow,
and they were too busy wasting their time.
Guess what?
With the hercones and the dolphins?
Yeah, that no matter what.
It kind of follows us around, you know what?
Every single station, even though it wasn't a sports station,
they wasted about 80% of their time out about 5% of their programming.
That was a big problem with cost broadcasting,
who now, of course, they've gotten out of the real radio business, and they're just a jukebox.
Just crank the hits out, went out on the coast, and party radio, it's your, oh, brother.
Let me just say this to you, Mike Disney, okay?
And you're probably listening right now, because who the hell would listen to you guys are putting on?
Party.
Yeah.
That's another one's going to take a big dive.
You'll see on Thursday morning, when those numbers come out.
How come I can't find that thing?
Oh, here it is.
Like I said, they sucked.
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
Playing the same 10 Euro records that they've been playing for the last two years.
They got, you know, the root and more the root and Safry Duo and more Safry Duo and more the root.
And that's it.
Play the same 10 records over and over again.
They just don't get it.
27 after 1 at 5.60 WDQM on a great Tuesday, man.
You can feel it.
You can smell it, man.
You can smell the blood from Thursday morning, can't you?
Yeah.
What that is?
That's that's cheap channel blood.
You can smell it.
Or maybe it's the lobster fish you smell.
It's the lobster and that blood.
Lobster fish is back at the animal coast.
If you've never been there, man, this is a feast fit for a king, a queen, a prince, a princess, or all of you above.
The service is great and you'll never leave empty in that place.
Man, he got just tons of great fresh goodies.
And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids six and under eat for free at the animal coast,
what's not to like?
In addition, animal coast will offer you all their sensational mouthwatering dishes.
You can start off your delectable eating experience with six different soups, try some of them, try all of them.
And then dozens of delicious fresh entrees like New York strip made order at their sizzling Asian grill, brand new Hoonon fish.
Enjoy main lobster thermidor style, Jonah Krab, oysters on a half shell.
And if you have room after all of these things, try the handcar prime rib and their new Thai specialties too.
And the animal coast will never leave you with a headache because they don't use any MSG, no cornstarch.
They cook with only the best ingredients known to man, including all cholesterol free oils too.
They'll pay features of full salmon bar, full Chinese food line up their brand new sushi bar and of course fresh xium cocktail.
And because you deserve it, animal coast features a full dessert station.
If you're like a real pork or a real pig, if you got room after all of that, shovel in some of that fantastic dessert, Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream without your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too.
Like I said, it's a feast. It just will probably put you six feet under with a small on your face.
Animal coast relocations for you sunrise, sunny hours, pember pines, take the whole family or book any business launching right now for a real treat.
And don't forget to fill out a membership card so you can receive that new monthly newsletter too.
Let him do the cooking for you at the animal coast. Take out of the available two call 954-5723822.
954-5723822 for the unmatchable, the unparalleled Emerald Coast Chinese defaith.
Slide in local. We're sports radio five 60s. You a you a.m.
I said the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God.
And Tom Cruiseball. I got me would sexually miss the.
Oh, but I heard them both say George my goals gone mad. We would never make it with that guy on.
There's a course. He shaved. Yeah, want to have sex. I got to have sex.
No, 133-27. Oh, two till mad dog time. We got the Alice Rand tell somebody suggest how come tricks along to get that flame runner outside.
How could you possibly forget Christopher walk in?
No, it's to me. I think they're talking about Christopher Lowell. Christopher walk in his gay.
I never word about so. No.
We're not putting people on there. You just pulling stuff out of your hat.
Okay. We did put Louis Anderson on there and you don't have any votes.
The one guy was so in fact, I had the two guys the one that called which I think he probably hits me like boys now because we dare question his.
And then the other guy that like bitch me out.
But the question still is two gay. Not who do you think is?
Yeah, I mean, Louis Anderson. You know that that's a good point.
See with some of these people anybody that they know and again because they just aren't that many in the first place out of the closet.
I try telling you that now we can do all day on it. All day. All day.
Right. That's the new format. All gay all day.
5 6 7 0 5 6. Damn, and Louis Anderson doesn't say to me just like a little pudgy fat guy who's not funny and these horrible game shows.
Other than that who cares and he don't have any votes probably that's why.
WQM line nine hello.
Hello. Line nine eight responding. That is disgrace. That's always such an important call. WQM. Hello.
Yeah, I'm sure. Yes.
Isaac Miss Rocky. Isaac Miss Rocky. Who the hell is that?
You're like a pile of mister something who's that? You're right. He is. Yeah.
Isaac Miss Rocky or the designer or some. He's he's back on the first poll Jewish guys. Yeah.
WQM. Hello. Hello. You'd like to probably never be a.
Go ahead. Speak to us. Yes. Yeah. Miami Beach. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Oh, is this Neil? Yes, sir. How's it going? Neil? Pretty damn good. Nobody's mentioned Harvey Firestein.
I can't believe it. How come in a wait a minute? He's got 22 votes. So if they didn't mention it, he must be.
I like to. He's been up to go. Sorry. He slipped right in when you weren't watching. So be careful. Okay. Neil. See ya.
Harvey Firestein's in fourth place. He's hold it down. Although Mr. Ruggian, I like moving right up on those leaders will not on merchant Simmons.
She's an illegal wrong. Oh, you don't believe me that the women who follow Richie Simmons see.
The fag hags many of them are in denial. Just ask Lynn Samuel. She'll tell you a lot of our in denial. Although she at least will admit that she's a fag hag.
That's why she's so tight with his part. The fag hags don't know that they are fag hags and the guys that they're beading around with their fags.
In some cases, yes. And in some cases, no, but these ordinary pedestrian off the streets, fat dysfunctional babes.
I use the term broads that hang around with like Richard Simmons and around all those shows is spanking it to the oldies.
They're just oblivious. Oh, he's so much fun. What? That's the word oblivious. All right. That is correct.
Just like when he get up in the morning and look in the mirror, they must also be oblivious or maybe bad eyesight.
WDQA and hello. Yeah, let me speak with Neil speaking. Neil. Yes, I am. I have one for your poll. Okay. Divine.
Divine is just divine. Thanks a lot. A good one. Thank you. Divine flaming. See that. That's more like it. That's what we're talking about.
Breaking the gauge. Yeah, bustling it. Busting out all over. Now, she talked about just regular diviner and you divine or being divine.
To the sports fans out there with a good memory. Well, I tell you my name. My mind. I need to have that next time I go to Hollywood diagnostics.
Maybe they had that thing. The procedure where they clear your brain out. You know, that lobotomy down the brain purge. Yeah.
Kind of like what they did to share it on passion. See, I keep bringing that up again. I hope somebody might want. I'm going to tell you again.
I was thinking about this yesterday. If there's a more beautiful woman in the world and Sheridan whoever that actress is and we've already checked the name.
Whatever. I haven't seen her. I mean, she is just. There's nothing missing. All the parts are in the right place. They're all perfect. She's her face. She's just magnifico.
Okay. If I were so inclined, but I'm not. But you want to be out of be checking out Sheridan. In fact, maybe she'll be hanging out on Sheridan Street. We're staking alus to be.
Right. We're now. There's a longhorn or something. I don't know. Oh, no. Long horns. There's something there. WQA. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. God name. Let's should slide right up your pole. Okay. Andy.
Andy Warhol. That's a good one. All right. And it's just my hard good to hear those numbers about Mr. Stern station there.
And that amazing. Well, deserve clear channel. They should only croak. Thanks, pal. Oh, no. Clear channel. And also that senator Sam Brown back from Kansas. All of these.
All these sensorial folks, man. They all should have to be taking a long dirt nap is what they ought to be. Do you believe the rest of us alone? It's a pile of crap.
And the fact that it's been allowed to go on. This is what dismay's me so much about. Carry in the Democrats. Where are they? Where are they?
You can't complain about their political courage because they don't have any spineless jellyfish.
Even though I'm pulling for carry. I'm hoping he really butches it up. But on so many of these issues, man, they're so afraid.
Oh, we're not going to touch that. And you can't touch that. It's not politically popular. And just like this business here to be here to be lamb basting the Catholic church.
What nerve they've got since back in 1960, what a turn they've taken. Back when they were all desperate to get Kennedy in which they did fix the election.
The first Catholic president. Oh, my gosh. This is going to be great. Well, Kennedy. You know, he was the first one to say that he's not going to let the Pope dictate policy for the US or his church.
They was going to obey the Constitution. And that's exactly what curious. Oh, well, he shouldn't be given communion because he's not the, you know, he's for abortion, all this other crap.
Now they got a whole new litmus test. See, not just whether you're Catholic or not, but whether you go step to the party line or not.
And keep in mind that the president who went down and spoke at Bob Jones University, one of the most anti-Catholic institutions on the face of the earth.
And of course, there's a good old board again. Christian. Now that don't confuse them with the facts.
As long as you go step in line and you're right on the certain top, you know, the homophobia, the anti-abortion, all of these things, then you're okay with the Catholic church.
This is the new, the new day in the new way for this right wing freaking pope.
20 till two. I can work up about that. No, just about right right temperature. In fact, you'll see how they're taking my temperature. I can't tell you anymore back in the day though.
20 till two at five sixty W. to Q. I'm springing the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
Now it's easy to get there. They're just 20 minutes south of the 836 on the US one on homestead.
And Armstrong Toyota is worth a drive because they're going to save you so much cash literally thousands of dollars on great new Toyota's.
Check out the great least deals that they have waiting for you right now and offer a camera or for one or just 269 a month or 48 months.
How about this in 0 for a highlander just 309 a month need a truck? How about an 0 for Toyota?
Tundra the safest truck in America. You pay just 179 a month for 48 months.
And these just a few of the great savings waiting for you right as I speak at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
General manager David Rich and the staff want to get you a deal in the new Toyota today.
So experience for self the difference when you shop there the locally owned locally operated and committed to making you 100% happy camper.
The service department's even open late to late. We've nice to make sure they get all your service work done easy to find them the right of the quarter of US one and two 93rd street in homestead.
Just 20 simple minutes south of the 836 and my city here this unlike anybody else in the universe.
Armstrong Toyota homestead offers you free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life of the vehicle.
That's right tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody know where does that.
So don't waste your time shopping around with those mega dealers who jerk you around to give you a big song to dance. Do the smart thing.
Do your car shopping at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Call a GM David Rich right now for an unbeatable deal call 305 242 3247 305 242 3247.
Drive a little and save a lot and that new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
My life and love this is for a trade-off by city.
Way to A.M.
Think you make this one happen little panic okay. Practice during a break.
Don't panic. You take a lot of work. You try a lot of practice up. I'll do the best I can.
When the squad up back it's lonely.
He likes receivers that are wise.
Some people say that number eight is gay.
They say Troy loves the big eye.
Eight men.
He goes down on his knees.
He's a man.
It's guys he likes to please make man.
He loves to snap cowboys on there behind.
Back up.
Oh, he's got a spot to spare.
Potation America's team has world been out.
Absolutely.
But it's Troy gate.
I've heard some people say in the heart.
He goes down a man.
He goes down on his knees.
A man.
I can't some balls to squeeze a man.
Don't let him cause he likes it from.
There you go.
Wouldn't that a masterful job?
If I do say so myself.
See this is the kind of game we got to play boys and girls.
Now we got to delete this.
We're going to play one of these.
And one of these and all over the place because we can't say anything anymore.
And I think that when you see those numbers, I think you're going to see maybe not in this market because you know,
some photos like the land of the walking dead.
But I think in most of the markets around the country, you're going to start seeing a backlash against
the cheap channel, I said, what you never have seen especially in the six markets like San Diego and Rochester.
And I mean, unfortunately, other than Miami, none of them are really major markets.
San Diego is close, you know.
But you're going to start seeing a real rebellion.
The audience is going to start striking back.
And who is the one person that told you months and months and months ago that your radio was a dead device.
That it was a useless appliance just might as well ticket and throw right in the bottom of the pool.
Who could do that?
Yeah, there you go.
They've killed it.
They have killed this industry man.
They've destroyed it.
Some of us have worked in it for our coons age for years for decades.
And stuff that we used to be able to do and say 20, 30 years ago.
Not no, no.
Now what kind of progress is that?
What kind of crap is that?
That's what they do.
They have a bunch of goofballs up there.
Self-appointed lunatics that nobody voted for by the way.
Who just make it up is they go along.
I just like that Viacom thing that they're taking to court now says they're right on target.
Nice going Mel.
Right on target.
They're just expanding it and making it up and creating whatever whatever they want.
We'll just decide what we don't want to hear and what you can't say.
And not only that, but then Michael Poulson's, oh, but we don't want to really tell you what you can't say.
We don't want to be too specific.
We won't like it if we tell you that.
So you just give it a try and then let us keep finding you and finding you in grandstanding and grandstanding for all those right when Christian lunatics out there.
Those nut jobs who want to take away free speech.
I mean, why should we should be surprised?
They should have newspaper down in Iraq.
They're shutting everything else down in this country.
They don't like what you say, but I'm being.
You can't say it no more.
One way or the other.
Oh, but it's America for you.
Just like that Jack asked that Jack hole I called his show yesterday.
Remember him.
How could you forget?
Wow.
What a call.
Give me a song of the dance lecture about how you know, if you don't like America, leave it.
You got to support the president.
You got to be a to be American.
You got to support the president.
Well, guess what?
Guess what's going to happen in this November?
Hopefully if people come to their senses, it's going to be a lot of people, eight Americans, the more in his eyes because they're not voting for this group ball no more for Dumbbell and his dangerous clowns, his neocon clowns.
Send in your kids, your brothers and your sisters and your daughters and your fathers and your uncles off to be slaughtered like human waste.
That's what they're doing.
And the public sits back.
Well, 57% still.
But I mean, where the hell are they taking these polls and some kind of a vacuum in somebody's family?
How the hell are they doing?
Man.
Don't let the colon or Michael Powell hear that.
There's a poll in somebody's well.
You know what I'm saying?
Which of these people best fits the description of two gay?
Just, you know, gay is one thing, but just two gay over the top.
Oops.
Richard Simmons, 106.
Christopher Law, 54.
Liberace, 35.
Matt Rudge, 24.
Harvey Firestein and yours truly 23.
A tough battle there for a fourth, whatever that is.
Jim J. Bullock, 22.
Rosio Donald, she's, it's got 19.
Truman Capote, 15.
Paul in 13.
Charles Nelson Marley 13.
Sig Frieden, uh, Roy.
Nine.
Ricky Williams, eight.
But we have one to make it very clear.
Would he eight?
He's straight.
Got it.
Got it.
And we appreciate number 34, although I'm a patriot's fan in the proud of it.
By the way, how many rings Ricky got?
On what?
Uh, Michael Jackson, seven, little Richard seven, Eric Fleischer, six.
Boy George, six.
The Queer Eye guys, five.
One of peace, I guess.
Are there five of them?
Yes.
I guess.
Shining watch that show.
You guys watch that show?
No, sir.
Oh, how embarrassing.
I never saw that.
That watch isn't admitted.
Oh, yeah.
Bruce V. Lange for Rex Reed, three, Alan Seuss three.
Is he the, uh, Dr. Seuss?
Who is that?
I don't know who that is.
My must-seuss.
Uh, now that must be a Boca Brian.
Of course.
There's a name you don't recognize.
It can't be Boca Brian.
Well, what did I just, what happened just now?
I just skipped a whole bunch of these.
Bill, come all three, freaky Carlos three.
Rex Reed three.
Oh, I saw already said that.
Elton John's got a pair.
George Michael's got a pair.
Also, they're side by each.
You notice Brian workcrossed true and Miss Horkheimer too.
They're also right right on top of each other there.
On our pool.
Clay Aiken two, L.M.D.
Generant one, Generino one.
No votes for Rip Torren, Nick Carter, Merv Griffin, Jim neighbors, Louis Anderson, Johnny
Mattress, Tony Geary, Miss Spell, very sad.
We apologize.
No A. David Hyde Pierce, Daryl Hall, James Brown, Gianni Versace, Selminio, Drew Michaels, Drew Michaels.
Oh!
Isaac Miss Rocky, which I can't believe you put that on there, diviner Andy Warhol have not on a 435.
Wow.
Who's the biggest flamer of them all?
I'm L.M.D.
And look out.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't who I am.
I'm listening.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
Coming this summer to Fox from the makers of the Swan, the Swan comes a new reality show.
It offers 16 normal shalubs.
The incredible opportunity to undergo physical, mental and emotional transformations with
the help of the team of experts.
Fox presents the Duh.
Duh.
Hi.
I'm Sammy Schnitzbaum.
I'm 38 years old.
I got a tank to size of a mini-cooper strap to my torso.
My nose has been broken so many times due to trucking bar fights that I resemble the
pizza with a schistumab.
The Duh.
Hey, I'm Bob Balooka Boom.
I'm 27 years old and my teeth are totally gummed up.
Literally.
All I got is these two teeth.
I'm all gums.
I'm paladin and I'll buy no shut in.
And look at the lid on me.
Awards.
Chia.
HEP.
Two men will be featured every week and at the end of every episode one will go home and
one will be selected to move on to the first annual Duh.
Pagin.
So Sammy, are you ready to see the mirror?
What do you think?
Sammy.
I look beautiful.
The jaw.
I'm not falling like Chris Charles and a queen there at the end, isn't it?
Oh, a little bit.
That was outstanding.
If I do say so myself, speaking of Clay Aiken, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line, just every now and then when you least expect it to come up with
something almost pretty good.
Not too good though.
We don't want to be too good because otherwise, that's right.
It's too entertaining, too amusing, too humorous, too risque, God forbid.
Then you'll hear those sounds that tell you we're way over the line.
Somebody cue way, I'm hello.
Hey, yeah, a new list of potent quist.
Quentin quist.
Yeah, he's the biggest flavor of a mob.
Okay, thank you.
All right.
How's that Quentin quist?
How do you spell that, man?
I'll leave that up to you.
Yeah, Zach, how you going to be spell that?
Well, I'll spell that again.
I'll twist.
Quist, be quick.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, you.
I know what you're supposed to be.
Robert Reed.
Robert Reed.
It's not Reverend Jones.
Okay.
You are just out of control, man.
We've had two fine days.
I think you're getting all bent out of shape about that JJ and Pepper Fines that started to start
to start yesterday in a sour note with that bad facts.
Okay, that's it.
Then my paycheck didn't show up.
And then of course, then that bitch in accounting said, oh, what you can't have, you know,
we can't send those toothbrushes up there because it's going to cost us money.
And the internet went down.
And the internet went down.
And now nothing to do with that.
Now you see, wait a minute.
What do I tell you before?
It's like a little on a murky side.
It's only 41, but the sun's coming out this afternoon here in T.O.
The sun is going to shine.
It's going to be 45 tomorrow, 54 Thursday, 73 and Friday, 70.
Oh, like that.
So you'll notice the big day, Thursday, 73 is all over the world.
Also the day when those numbers are coming out.
Yeah, let me just ask you this.
What other AM station forget about FM because most people have already what other AM station now?
That CMQ FM thing that's got to like die down.
What do you think?
I mean, how long can they keep how long can they keep pulling that charade playing all the mold of Puppy Compa records?
Huh?
Till Castro dies.
Jesus.
That's got to cool off.
So I think we got a shot like Jimmy would say.
We got a shot.
Yeah.
And greatness.
We could do pretty good.
And in the meantime, Chief Channel, like I said, it's not nearly as important that we succeed.
We want to of course, but it's so important that Chief Channel goes in the crapper man takes a big gigantic dump.
Especially on big 106.
We don't need any help from us.
You'll see it yourself.
That's my predilection right now.
You're what now?
Which of these people best fits the description of two gay flaming Richard Simmons 112.
Nobody can touch Richie and then again, who'd want to?
Except maybe his dark boyfriend.
Christopher Lowell 57, Liberace.
She's got 40.
I moved into fourth, 28.
Matt Reds, 26 right on my tail.
And I'm running like a son of a bitch.
Harvey Firestein, 25.
And Jim J Bullock, she's got 23.
Bye, bye, bye.
The Neil Roger Show, on time, 66.
And QA had a Miami Ford Mar day.
Only one Neil, thank God.
And I don't want to...
BAH BAH BAH!
Jim.
