Oh
Man are we excited about that or what?
No anybody out there got one of them radios. No, oh
God is that thing real
Oh
Oh
Hey
oh
entire
world
she金
oh
in
love the world
I'm not a very curious man, but for what I hear
I understand she wasn't go wild
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
cowa
luwa
cowa
luwa
cowa
little hawa
what I think did even cranked to top what we made
two four six Monica penis gate on our podiums today.
Number six.
Crack.
Didn't crack the top five.
OK, that fat disgusting slot with her presidential knee pads.
Nobody really gives a flying craft, especially in retrospect.
But nevertheless, we just got too many numbers.
Oh, speaking of some bad numbers, we always
every day get this out of the way first.
The antthalmo search for these stories anymore because it's just
the not big news.
No, it's not good for morale.
Oh, roadside bombs have claimed more American lives killing
three Y soldiers and separate attacks in Baghdad and Sunni Muslim
areas to the north of Baghdad.
At least six soldiers wounded in the attacks one critically.
And you won't hear no more about the injuries and about that stuff unless
somebody dies because it's only the dead.
The number right.
The names just numbers.
And then you know, they get it like both arms and legs blown off.
Whether that we don't hear about that.
Because it's not good for business.
It's not good for ill president.
Now getting back to a fudge gate.
Well, let's see, how many there were 10.
Those 10 people ought to be ashamed to yourselves.
OK, well, 14 now.
14 people voted as the biggest scandal of all time.
John Kerry Fudge Gate, Al-Ahmist Drudge, who's just hyperventilating now,
trying to justify and rationalize the fact that he put a bunch of rumor
in the window in scandal on air.
The story is now that they Clinton people.
Clinton people were backing Wesley Clark.
There were the ones that circulated that rumor in the first place.
You ready for that?
Yeah, right.
That what?
They were pulling the strings behind the scenes for Wesley Clark.
And they were going to do whatever they could to do real Kerry.
So they were on a Wesley Clark bandwagon.
Gore, you saw on a Dean Badwagon.
And you saw that when in a crap or almost immediately,
nobody, none of these people, were on a Kerry Badwagon.
So we looked at himself up by his own bootstraps,
except of course, Jane Fonda, who magically
appeared on that phone, he doctored picture.
Carly Trader Ford.
Followed about St. Paul's boys and girls, OK?
Because it's American politics at its worst.
But a statement released yesterday by Alexandra Poilier,
Poilier, whatever her name is, has been the subject of rumors
licking her to Senator John Kerry, who looks a little scary.
For the last several days, I've seen internet and tabloid rumors
relating to me and Senator John Kerry.
Because these stories were false, I assume the media would ignore them.
It seems that efforts to pedal these lives continue,
so I feel compelled to address them.
I've never had a relationship with Senator Kerry,
and the rumors in the press are completely false.
Whoever's spreading these rumors and allegations
do not know me, but should know the pain they've caused me
in my family, I'm in Kenya.
Can you believe it?
I'm in Kenya with my fiance visiting his family.
And we asked that the press respect their privacy
and leave all of us alone.
A statement by Terry and Donna Poilier,
the parents of Alexandra, we've spoken to our daughter,
the allegations that have been made regarding
who are completely false and unsubstantiated.
We love and support her 100%.
And these unfounded rumors are hurtful to our entire family.
We appreciate the way Senator Kerry's handle the situation
and intend on voting for him for President of the United States.
How do you like that?
There you go.
Yeah, Ms. Fudge, stick that in your busy butt.
Right, Tom.
And your busy bonnet and your busy butt.
Your busy body, piece of crap.
Yeah, I guess he gives,
is that,
gives new meaning to the term busy body, huh?
Or he do imagine the parade.
I guess all the people I used to show up at,
what's his name that got shot and killed?
One of these.
You know, you know, you know, you know,
you're a genius.
I guess that crap, they're all,
they're all high tailing it, high assing it
down to what Ms. Fudge is doing.
When you think?
High tailing.
He's got that magnifying glass out there
to see if he can find anything.
He's checking out the boxer shorts.
Okay, here's the reason on the yesterday's pull.
We got a lot of numbers, man.
Oh, look at that.
What?
I can't believe it.
What the hell I do with my glasses?
Oh, no.
They're gone.
That's one of those ironic things.
You need your glasses to find your glasses.
You believe that?
They disappear.
Well, I'll find them eventually.
We're in the brain.
No, I don't need the glasses to read this,
but I just happened to notice they disappeared.
Just hold it out a little bit
on subtle being old and blind.
But we need only one more vote for 1700, right?
Right.
So let's dilly dally.
Yesterday we asked which of these
when you think was the biggest scandal of all time
invasion of Iraq based on lies 557.
Well, I shouldn't, I shouldn't,
can I refresh you when you got?
I just refreshed it.
I got 17 even.
All right.
17 even.
So I got 1701.
I got an extra one just for the weekends.
Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal
of all time invasion of Iraq based on lies 558?
The 2000 election 385.
I got a great, very short story, okay,
by Danny Schechter of the news dissectories.
That's his thing.
I see.
It's on our website.
But I'm gonna read it.
It's fabulous.
2000 elections, scandal 385.
Priest Childabuse scandal 265,
which is getting bigger and worse by the minute.
They're finally starting to admit a few numbers,
which you know is just the tip of the iceberg.
Watergate 135.
The OJ Simpson murder charges 101.
Monica penis gate only 67.
Thought that's a big scandal.
The biggest tech candidate in
Champacritic with 2D 61.
You know what the other D stands for?
No, what?
Death or drowning.
Oh, okay.
Or maybe death by drowning.
Warren Commission report 42 nothing but a cover up.
Iran contra 27.
Michael Jackson,
Chowmallastation charges 21.
John Kerry and Drudgegate 15.
They're still voting for it.
And Sparheno, those,
those are the real died in the wool bush lakers
because they're peeing in their pants that they know
Kerry who's ahead by five points and a poles again.
The latest pull of Bush.
They know Kerry's gonna wipe the floor with him.
Vatican banking scandal 13.
Gary Condit, child relieving six.
Robert Blake murdered charges only three.
And Gary Hart and Donna Rice,
small potatoes only appear, only two votes for them.
We've got over, you know,
remember yesterday I said our hot couples contest.
We'd have over a thousand votes by the time we sat down
this morning.
Yeah, you were wrong.
We've got over 2000 votes.
And some of them are actually for real.
I don't know which ones and of course we don't really care.
But boy, it's gonna,
it'll take a while to go through all of that.
So go to that and of course a lot of people
who may have been on vacation yesterday
away for a three day weekend.
We got how he's varies on our website too
as an end inducement to go and win a doubt.
Check them out from the movie,
or what?
Sort fish.
Sort fish.
With the unshissed John Provolta.
Yeah.
And they had flicked good explosions.
That flicked.
I see.
Anyway, New York Times reports illegal Florida vote
perred three years after killing the story.
News dissected Danny Schechter,
formerly of ABC's 2020,
asked how the Times could editorialize on a story
they never ran in the first place.
He said the New York Times lead editorial Sunday
was about how America doesn't vote.
It featured proposals for many reforms
to guarantee Americans the right to vote
and have that vote counted.
It's lead paragraph has his second sentence.
In 2000, the American public saw in Catherine Harris's
massive purge eligible voters in Florida.
How easy it is for registered voters
to lose their rights by bureaucratic fiat.
The editorial goes on to quote the US Civil Rights Commission's
findings documenting how people
falsely designated as felons were struck from the polls.
When I read this, I caught investigative journalist Greg
Palaeus to read it to him.
Greg appeared in counting on democracy.
A film I directed on the voting to Bakl and Florida.
He was the first top journalist to report on the voter fraud,
but not in the US, but on the BBC in England, of course.
What he shouted me on the phone, you must be kidding.
He couldn't believe it because the New York Times
refused to carry the story at the time
and it might have done some good.
It didn't even report on the Civil Rights Commission's findings.
It references the editorial only on Republican objections
to those findings.
You would think that the massive purge they cite in 2004
might have been news fit to print back in 2000.
The Washington Post carried Greg's article
on the subject but until June of 2001.
The nation ran it and follow up
on the news.
The news was not run it.
Greg was told by a staffer because Harris office denied it.
The whole sort of story of big media response to his findings appears
in Palaeus' book The Best Democracy Money Can Buy
and was carried first on media channel.
This is so strange, remember they heavily
have media review of the balloting?
The New York Times was one of the key newspapers in the consortium.
The findings were delayed and delayed and then reported
in such a confusing manner.
You need an MIT degree in linguistics
to puzzle out what it was saying,
an airplane crash that they knocked it out of the news altogether.
Later, the New York Times own investigative reporter
who supervised the media review told me on camera
and it's in the film that Al Gore won.
Does any of this make any sense?
A top reporter challenging the main frame of the story is published
and an editorial three plus years later citing as alarming
and as a fact a massive purge that it never reported or explained.
One more thing, Greg, note that they're still not making it clear
that most of those who were purged were black
and match likely Gore voters, surprise, surprise.
Right, Stan, he shared it.
So there you go.
New York Times finally gets around to it now that, you know,
the bodies aren't even warm, no more.
I've disgrace.
Let's see, what is this?
Did the Andrew Thal's beat with humans?
What is this all about?
K-Man, stop.
Satan's been talking about it.
Oh, it's a more scientific and more than that witchcraft, man.
Yeah, but it's about as fossilized as really poop.
More of the handy work of the devil.
I can smell it right on the page.
I can smell the devil's hot ass right out of that tail.
Smell the fossilized poop.
Fossilized human feces tens of thousands of years old
are helping scientists answer one of the most intriguing questions
and anthropology.
Did early humans interbreed within the Andrew Thal's?
And moved to South Florida, or maybe to Tennessee?
Researchers are sifting through the debt to the treatise.
Careful how you treat us.
Oh, I think there's only one last data we can actually say this on the air.
So we can say that they're sifting through the two stone age cave sites in Israel
to find samples of human excrement of human, sorry,
that could be analyzed for DNA and point to signs that in the Andrew Thal's
and anatomically modern humans had children together.
Oh my God.
I know who one of them is.
And the other one just had a surprise birthday party Friday night.
The thick satinian thal seemed to have almost disappeared by the time that the first modern humans
the Crow Magnens arrived in Europe and the Middle East some 50,000 years ago
oh, that misses with our Bible stuff again.
50,000 years wrong.
More handy work of the devil.
But there has been intense speculation about whether the Andrew Thal's died
out completely left some hybrid descendants, most of whom live in the southern US.
Heinrich Poinare of McMaster University, Ontario, Canada said,
a, that a project to analyze the generic material of human corporalites,
fossilized stools, could help solve the mystery of by looking for a hybrid
Crow Magnen, the antithal DNA from the same individual.
He said, I take Crow Magnen DNA and profrany antithal DNA if they interbred
and the DNA is from the antithal pick it up as obvious interbreeding.
Penny intelligence know from bones and artifacts that the Israeli caves were inhabited
almost certainly at the same time by Crow Magnens and the antithals
like the ones who are killing each other in the Middle East right now.
So it's an obvious place to look for signs of interbreeding.
He said, when you take sediments from a cave, the majority are feces that have just been
trampled in time over time.
They've been trampled in feces, okay?
Kind of like when you come to the QM elevator.
1013 at 560, speaking of feces, how's Todd Dreckton?
You know, last time you looked at it, guys, you decided it's just too small.
It's like Todd Dreck, it's small and useless.
It doesn't impress women, no moment.
It definitely doesn't last as long as it used to.
We're talking about your, it begins with a P paycheck.
Call Fast Train Tool-Free at 1-866-Fast Train if you really want to get out of your rut,
if you're really looking for a life.
If not, just stay working for a minimum wage, but if you want to make a big change for the better,
call Fast Train and start a brand new high-paying computer career.
Because in just four short months, fast-tracking up you get a new high-paying computer career
that a man for a computer professional is growing like crazy, Todd of course is not.
With seven locations, Fast Train's about to have a campus near by you.
They offer you a job placement, financial assistance for people who qualify
and with day-night weekend classes, no excuse to stay in your dead-end job, no more.
So pick up that phone and call them today because now you can have a big fat paycheck
that'll stretch pretty damn far.
Check them out of the web if you'd like at fasttrained.com, but make that call.
Get off your ass, pick up your instrument and call once and for all at 1-866-Fast Train.
Be sure and tell the Todd Dreck, tour the call.
I am Lord, this is Portrait of Icycni, 2 AM.
Kakka, poop, pissin, what else, what am I missing?
I am a smelling mint, introduces the definitive collection for the anal retent.
The feces are the species cities.
Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you the most exotic animal droppings collection available today.
Our animal-doodle replicas are handcrafted of the finest pewter, ordered a day
and your first stew will arrive in two weeks.
A classic pouchy, real you can almost smell.
A mile of your tension should attain and the amaze that the enormity of the elephant
and the cuteness of the bunny bullet, ordered a day and you'll receive our special bird seeds.
See what it looks like before it hits your windshield.
Near part of this powerful mood, there's no time to waste.
The feces of the species collection is going fast.
Speaking of feces, here's our first call of the day, WDQM feces line.
Hello?
Mr. Neal, what's up?
Yes sir, Mr. Collar, what's there, what it be?
Go around and help, they can.
So anyway, let's take a look, 2300 votes almost on a poll.
Yeah.
Are you with me?
I'm with you right here.
Or give me.
22 is Bill Collar, used to say friend or foe.
2290, I got to get all the way to the bottom here and if I do it this way, it's going to take 2295.
I'm only going to do this once a day because otherwise it'll kill a half an hour to show and we don't want to do that.
But it'll get a lot more good calls like a first one, right?
Monica and Brian are leading with 519 our Hot Couples contest.
Sarah and Sean, 316.
And don't get panicked to anybody because the tremendous swings one way to the brain on who's cheating the best.
I mean, Karen and Joe got 196, 198 like I said.
Jesse and Jeffrey, 191.
Who are these people?
Carmen and Carlos, 150.
Remember Carlos?
No.
Oh yeah.
Aaron and Brandon, 115 for Aaron and Brandon.
Also a couple of those are holdovers from last year.
They tried it.
David and Gavny, Garvey, Edgarvie, 92.
Jessica and Henry, 86.
Man, oh man, there's like 35 of these.
I'm not going to read them all.
Carmen and Danny, 84.
And Andy, Billy got 49.
After that, it's downhill from there.
I'm not going to read them all for crying out loud.
It would take till noon.
That would be bad, wouldn't it?
Oh yeah, or it would probably be a good idea.
We got too many fish to prank,
including a lot of good calls like that.
First one, WQA and hello.
Yeah, I was wondering why on that poll about the bands,
the bands that just bands the last 10 years,
you guys didn't have Creed on there.
Probably because you didn't call in and suggested.
It's not pretty difficult to get through these days, you know, Neil?
I know it's tough.
It's tough.
Okay, next time, man.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, see that's another Indian guy's upset.
Is he?
No, I'm just...
Well, the Indians are pissed off about everything.
You know, the red skin thing.
Oh, what's the latest thing they've all been out of shape?
Outcast, your favorite band?
Oh, that's right.
Outcast, they're all pissed off and fared up.
We had another CBS apology.
Everybody, the French, you're in your Quebec,
are all pissed off, a Conan O'Brien and Don Chirrey.
And everybody's all politically incorrect.
I'll screw him all, you know, I'm sick of it.
We tired of it.
You're fucked, this look'll show up.
All the crap that's gone on the world, these people.
And just like Miguel, your buddy there.
Oh man, he is seriously, what are we going to do?
Let's send him over to Dr. Acklin to whatever's name is on passion.
Is that skins?
Dr. Acklin, oh speaking of Acklin's, his wife was on last night.
We'll get to that, just don't push me.
So Miguel comes in this morning, what is he worried about?
He needs a lot of bottom.
He's worried about the fact that Beyoncé, the side of one booby,
evidently made it, oh.
Oh, I was out taking a crap when you guys were talking about that apparently.
Uh, it flashed, but it didn't make it on air because TNT had the seven-second delay
going into the NBA All-Star game.
I mean, does anybody connect with a show care about the NBA All-Star game?
No.
Hopefully Josh doesn't care about that, does he?
No.
Yeah.
If he enjoys the $35 cent an hour he's making.
But, uh, no, I just don't care about that.
So did I watch it?
No.
Do I have any interest in it?
No.
I mean, Beyoncé's booby would be nice.
We'd love to have that on our website.
Yeah, I'd be elseing all over the place.
Oh, well, I want to tell you something.
We had almost a half a minute hits on our website yesterday just with, uh,
I mean, how couples can't just help.
Yeah.
But I mean, Halle's berries, I think, was a big incentive.
Plus, of course, the picture of Howard Dean, the human screen machine,
doing this thing with Janet Jackson movie.
Oh, man.
He has squeezed that thing so tight it's about to burst.
Any?
Maybe that's why he's screaming so long.
Yeah, I don't know what to make of him.
He just, uh, she's got those pointy spikes on that brooch there.
So what do you mean?
Yeah, you already made it maybe hear him so.
Yeah.
Maybe he reached over there thinking he would grab a little nip and instead,
got a little tip.
Got a prick on his finger.
Why should I ask Duff what I was talking about this morning again before he started making comments like that?
What were you talking to him about?
His date with the beast.
Anyway, I was just about to say something very important before you threw me way to hell off.
Oh, about Howard Dean.
I don't know what he's thinking about.
Does anybody have any idea what this man, he keeps talking like a dead man like Don Amos.
I don't know what he's thinking.
Well, if he doesn't win in Wisconsin today, uh, they'll make no difference.
He's going to go on and he'll pick another day where he might have a chance.
Yeah, he's waiting for super Tuesday is what he said.
He's a little diluted.
He is just lost.
And I think I think the minute he let out that Kishri, I think something popped in his forehead and that was the end of him.
He does look just like an older Joe Castella.
You'll see when Joe Castella, how old would you say Dean is about 50?
All right.
They're about.
You know, give her take.
When Joe Castella gets to be 50, I guarantee you.
Uh, I'll be pushing up bases, but you'll see.
All right.
I'll mail you a picture.
Hey, yeah, man, put a picture on my tombstone.
We're going to have a slot installed.
Now, here's the poll for today.
I got just too much scrap going.
Although we do want to take a lot of really good calls today.
QA hello.
Not there. See, that was, that's the best one so far.
Now, the guy with Creed, he was all right.
How many wish was he behind?
About two minutes.
A bit slow, but better late than ever.
What does he mean?
It's so hard to get through to me with screenless these days.
What is that all about?
I don't know.
I know lines ringing right now.
Even the nut cases aren't called in yet.
They're waiting for the sign for the signal.
Okay.
I give them the high sign.
It's a secret code that is, uh, you know, crazy people use.
Here's the poll today.
We got two, four, six, eight, nine choices for you.
And they're already voting on here.
Oh, here's one of them.
WQA. Hello.
Jamba.
I told you.
Which of these applies to you?
I voted for Gora.
Well, should I read the results we got so far?
I better write.
Well, whistle the tune.
I want to see if I can find my glasses.
Here.
There.
There.
Yeah.
Who exactly where they were when I went to take that elite dump this morning, which I never do?
I usually do a very good job the first time.
One, I took it.
Secondary, yes?
May I ask a big bonus?
We don't care about this fact.
Stop sending it.
It doesn't matter how many times you send it.
I'm not going to send it.
What is it?
It's, uh, uh, uh, uh, five page facts.
of all of these emails that are going around about what the Democrats said before the war and
support of Bush and the war to show how hypocritical that is. Not interested. Yeah, right. Not interested,
okay? This is a fun show. This is an entertain. See what we do is we suck the audience in if I can
say that with pictures of Halle's buries and Janet Jackson stuff like that. And then we put a few
interesting articles on there too and hope that just by accident they might fall across one of them.
You know what I'm saying? Devious doggy. Which is just the way we do it on the year. We play a lot of
heart sounds and then we figure you know the jackasses that listen to the far sounds and sit and rub
themselves silly or listen to it. They might actually hear something and learn something about
at the same time. I guess I better do the break and then we'll do the pool.
I beg your pardon? Huh? No, it's just a little message. So how's Duff-Dewan on that project he's
working on? Could you be more specific? And what is the beast not with us is he ill? Is he ill?
What you talk about? He said I didn't hear him this morning. He heard Zach.
That wasn't a beast. That was Zach on there with Joe. No, the beast is present and accounted for it.
Is he? So in other words, Joe has got how can Joe be in a room with those two at the same time?
And then he's your mole in there. Absolutely. Holy crap. Talk about a ton of fun. Man, oh man.
They'll all be needing there's the hopper. Holy crap. And then if I come back to them, hold that
building, I'll sink into the ground of the foundation. 27 past 10, all that we do like
build me a buttercup by the foundations. We'll hear that at the top of each hour, magic one or two
point seven. Hey, if your weight is about like 302 point seven and you want to lose some of that,
you know, sitting around watching Dr. Ackin's wife ringing your hands on Larry King,
that will not help you lose the weight. Balance for life can do it though. If you've tried all the
others, the low carb and the low this and the doctor's stillman, if you try every doubt under
the sun, you're still a big tub of watering crap like the beast. You know, we tried them on balance
for life. He was doing great. He lost 50 pounds on it and then decided he's just a lazy slob and
he's happy being that way. On the other hand, Katrina's lost about 20 pounds and I guarantee you,
she's not going to go back to being the tub that she used to be. Is she? No chance. Balance for life
based on the zone diet, they prepare fantastic delicious fresh food, nothing frozen, no preservatives,
and they deliver a little black sack to your door every day. That's how this thing works.
By six in the a and there it is. You reach outside the door. That's all the work you have to do.
Inside the sack three hormonally balanced gourmet meals, two delicious nights, even a 16 ounce bottle
of water. It's all in there. And the weight pours off your ass like crazy to reason be in that there's
enough food to keep you five feedings for quite a lot of love to keep you satisfied and full all day long.
And it's delicious stuff too. Nothing prefab like I said before. So if you want to really lose that
weight, get with the real proven controlled weight loss, eat healthy lifestyle of balance for life. No
shopping, no calorie counting, no carb counting. All you do is fill out the menu once a week. That's
all the hard work you have to do. Call balance for life today and get yourself started. You'll see
results in a matter of days, call 954-568-3229-954-568-3229 or check them out online at balanceforlife.com.
In the basket, it mixes it all up. It puts a lotion in the basket. It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket when the eyeball falls out, but puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to lose it out. It puts the lotion in the basket. It's what I have to get
with the lotion in the basket. I need to rub it on my brand, yeah, it puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket. I said don't do it. I
this way.
All the loves quiet today.
Mommy!
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
It works the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more buscier.
It works the lotion in the basket.
I hold my pp8.
It works the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It works the lotion in the basket.
I've got my skin soon in my leg like this.
I hold my pp8.
I hold my pp8.
I hold my pp8.
I hold my pp8.
I hold my pp8.
10.32.560.
W3M.222.
My dog at 2.34.
You got the big?
Oh!
At 7.
At what?
No NFL Combine, what the hell is that?
I mean I realize I'm supposed to know about those stupid golf tournaments and tennis tournaments.
What the hell is NFL Combine?
Josh.
That's where they test out everybody's speed and agility for the NFL.
Oh the test, you know.
To do what?
You know how fast the guy gives the big, a mental test, how would that be?
Sounds good.
Only on QAM would you hear somebody broadcasting from the NFL Combine?
From that there was the other said the NFL Combine.
Any K at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight, two to five to the morning.
And of course it's our good plus personal buddy and...
And the sidekick, squeaky.
Joe Rosé to 10 every morning.
That's the line up here on QAM.
Any interest?
No.
I didn't think so.
Here's our poll today.
Which of these applies to you?
Nine choices.
I guess I'll read them the way that they're coming down, right?
Because otherwise it'll be pretty confusing.
A lot of people voting already, 156 votes.
I haven't even given the poll yet.
I voted for Gore in 2000.
I'll vote for Kerry 98.
I voted for Bush in 2000 and will again, 17, 10, 8%.
I'm too stupid to vote 11.
Stay home, please.
I didn't vote in 2000 but probably some of those people voted for Buchanan
during Palm Beach County.
I'm too stupid to vote.
You know what I mean?
Oye!
Old years for Buchanan.
He's not on a ballot this time.
But Al Flandin will be on there.
I didn't vote in 2000 but will in 2004, 10.
Well that's a good sign, right?
Yeah.
Although we probably should have, I don't know.
Should we have narrowed that down a little bit more specific?
Like what?
Like who you're going to vote for?
That's the purpose of this poll today.
It's not scientific.
It's just for fun.
I voted for Bush in 2000 but I'll vote for Kerry 8.
I voted for Nader but this time Kerry 6.
Nader is going to run again by the way.
We had that on the other day.
I didn't mention it because it makes me puke.
I mean you talk about an ego.
A freaking ego.
Jesus Christ.
I voted in 2000 but I want this year 5.
I really don't know why.
I voted for Nader but this time Bush 1.
And I'm not old enough to vote non-nabited Ambulbian schools.
Especially after getting to Busman's holiday yesterday, right?
Right.
Butch are punks in school.
With their little pencils and papers and crap.
Condoms.
Spitballs.
Drugs.
Weapons.
Sharp weapons.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Spaces.
Catholic priest was found dead two days after denying he said in 1995 letter that accused
his bishop being part of a ring of homosexual Albany priests.
How better read that again?
A Catholic priest was found dead two days after denying that he said in 1995 letter that
accused his bishop of being part of a ring of homosexual Albany priests.
The Reverend John Minkler 57 was found dead Sunday in his home in suburban water fleet.
The death remains shrouded in mystery.
Police won't say how or when Minkler died.
Do you think that's connected with the shroud of Turin?
Shrouded what?
The shroud of water fleet.
He was very disturbed that his name was associated with the letter and he wanted to assure
me that he was not its author Albany Bishop Howard Hubbub said Hubbub said yesterday.
Minkler was ordained in 1972 and been chaplain of Stratton Veterans Medical Center in Albany
for about 20 years.
This is a tragedy no matter what are the circumstances Hubbubbub said.
A priest has died and I have great sympathy for his family.
They'll be very much in my prayers.
A copy of the 1995 letter supposedly sent to the Arts Dices of New York and Manhattan,
surfaced following a press conference last week called by a lawyer who's represented several
alleged victims of a sex abuse by a priest.
The Albany diocese in the statement issued yesterday said Minkler was identified as the
letters author in a subsequent TV news report.
The purported letter to the late John Cardinal O'Connor was denied by Minkler in a written
statement and no such letter was found in the files of the Arts Dices according to the Albany
statement.
Hubbubbub also finds himself facing a new accusation.
Last week an upstate man said Hubbubbub had a sexual relationship with his brother Thomas
Zalai 30 years ago.
Zalai committed suicide in 1978.
I just mentioned that in passing.
That's the other reason you don't have so many of these people coming forward.
Right now to say oh I was molested by father Hubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubb
You're hopeless. This is like preaching to the evangelist crowd. Now Gornish Pelven. There was nothing you can say or do just like that story about the feces of the species. You know the stuff that the 50,000 year old. Right. All these things planted it. Let me say it again. If you believe the Bible you have to believe that the world is 6,000 years old. Only a moron, only an invasal, only an idiot would believe that. Only a fool. Satanic style would admit to that. You know what really makes me sick. They just show it on the corner of my eyes.
I saw that a rod crap. I don't want to get into sports. But why even bother? You know, I mean all of these sports hockey is going to miss a whole season next year because of this. And baseball never they keep saying, oh well we're not going to continue this. The owners are going to keep doing it. And they do keep doing it. Sure paid off for Texas. They finished last place every year that the a rod play there. Now the Yankees are going to. It's just ludicrous. As George Stuybert just keeps writing the checks. Write the checks. He owns MSG. So he's got.
Millions and millions and millions of revenue coming in the other owners don't have plus his own millions and billions. He's just a big fat popus ass with that stupid.
STV showed that Donald Trump has got between the two of them. Man, they make me just want to barf to birds of a feather. You know how much do you need? How many billions?
Third man. You need before your ego is fully satisfied. You just get out of our face. Get away from us all. How many billions are there?
The George Steinbrenner and Donald Trumps and all of these fail at least Bill Gates whom you hate.
At least he's doing a hell of a lot for charity. I'm not seeing that these other guys might not want. Yes he is all a bit. Yeah.
I mean, he's an asshole on a twerp and he just makes me sick to see him. But at least he's doing some good things. Ted Turner, there's another one, right?
Maybe one of the luckiest people on the face of the globe got religion. He got religion. He got rid of Jane Fonda.
Stuck her over there with John Kerry and had phony picture. We've been looking at.
Nobody else will take her. Let's stick her over to why under John Kerry. He looks kind of scary.
Let's probably a Miss Fudge had something to do with that. When surprised me, he's good at fudge and it's what I'm hearing.
I wonder what he's fighting on him under. You think there's any stains on him?
What you find, Matt? He's also good at finding stains. He's the stain inspector. You didn't know that didn't you?
Since Jane, yeah, I do that.
First it was the blue dress with a stain and now he's looking at him on these on them under panties and stained rhymes with Jane Fonda.
Which of these applies to you were asking? We got 102 votes already pretty damn quick. I voted for going 2000. I'll vote for Kerry this time. 124.
Oh, right.
I voted for Bush in 2000. Well, again, 23 is George going to vote? No. Can George vote? No. Is George going to be deported soon?
Yes. I didn't vote in 2000. Now, what about Josh? Do you vote? No.
No. Why not? Are you under 18? No. No. I just, I see it as you have a voter registration card. No, I don't. Why not?
I kind of see it as whoever in the office is really not going to change my life. You know, it's going to be interesting when you're wearing that nice outfit and you're going to be goose stepping along taking orders.
You might be singing different to me, Mr.
Here's a little young punk man. Oh, it doesn't make any difference to me. You're not going to change my life. Right. Already has.
Right. So that when they outlawed, in fact, when his show gets outlawed and you're out on the street with your thumb out, then we'll have to vote.
Yeah. And then you think about voting, getting a voter registration card. You putts.
See, this is one thing in South Florida, unlike the rest of the country where the college campuses start to get like a little bit of a ripple effect. In fact, they're drinking it.
Now you and they're drinking ripple. They can't afford nothing better than that. Mommy and daddy took it. They're funny money.
Can you imagine saying I'm from the University of Miami? Can you imagine telling anybody that they would laugh your ass right out of the room no matter where you were?
Anyway, getting back on. Sorry, they will.
2014 votes. I voted for go in 2000, but I'll vote for carry now 130 sticking with the party. I voted for Bush in 2000. Will again, damn it 25 no matter what you say.
You commie pinko fag son of a bitch atheist bastard you. That's 11.6%. I didn't vote in 2000, but will in 2004 17 and then better include Josh real soon. Get your ass over there and register it.
I'm too stupid to vote 14. I voted for Bush in 2000, but I vote for carry this time 12. I voted for Nader this time for carry. There's another nine. I voted in 2000, but won't this year six. I voted for Nader, but this time Bush only won and I'm not old enough to vote on there in school. Got that? Got it.
Looking pretty good. I'm going to tell you right now. I'm going to bet Josh and Greg reads life on. I'm throwing a little bonus there today. I'll bet both those lives on it that just carry just beats the crap out of Bush in Florida this time.
Yeah, I know I will because not only will the dark votes be counted this time, but man, they're multiplying like crazy just just in case.
I'm not. I'm called this is 420560.
Way to A.
From A.
Completely rooted in science with no beliefs outside of what you can see with your own two eyes. Well, then chances are that the Old Testament didn't do it for you and neither did it you were.
So with the Lord's final attempt to bring your sorry ass around, check out the latest book from God entitled Screw You To You on Great Full Little Baster.
Start up in chapter one with who do you think caused the flood that wiped out your house last week? Then move on to such later chapters as Step of Side I dare you and drop to your knees and pray or those hemorrhoids will never go away.
It's Screw You To You on Great Full Little Baster. The latest release from God. It's better than the book of Mormon, better than the Torah and the Bible combined by yours today.
1045 at 560. This fax has got a good point. It says I think I voted for Gore, but who the hell knows I'll vote for anyone against W.
So's here. That's a good point because in Florida, they do everything in their power to make sure that your vote don't count unless it's on the right side, the far right side of the ledger.
560.560 on the AT&T line. I want to enter spurs at least at least 1500, maybe 3000 calls today between now and two o'clock between all this important stuff.
Pepper in there. Pepper in there. Play a little pepper Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing pretty damn good. Let me tell you something. You're a George Steinbrenner and I agree that he is a piece of garbage.
Let me tell you something. He's a pen for Paul statue. Compared to Wayne Heisinger who is the biggest piece of human crap to ever come out of an elephant's ass.
Maybe he's on the inner thought that ever done on you. Let me tell you something. He could fix a good deal for the Marlins at that stadium.
Yeah, there's only one problem with that. Nobody cares about the Marlins. I could appreciate that. Nobody cares. The season, the number of season tickets they sold so far you could stick in Wayne's ass and ever left over the Chinese Army.
Every sports team down here, including the heat. If you remember, he tried to get his brother-in-law discussed up that team a while back.
Nobody cares. Don't you understand other than the dolphins. Nobody cares about sports and stuff. It's all bullcrap it. It's all phony baloney. It's just a plastic thing. I agree.
I'm just wondering why I worry about that. George Steinbrenner is an egotist of the worst kind. When he bought the Tampa... he had a horse running a Tampa Bay downs one day.
He fired the guy when they had the opening of the meeting before they even opened up or was doing something with the programs. Then he had one of his own horses running. He had them scrape the inside of the track along the rail because his horse had drew the rail and a horse went down the road, wired a wire and one.
He's just an egotistical lunatic whose ego is so out of control and he makes me want to puke and I'm going to tell you something. Have a nice day.
I thought he was going to tell me something. I thought he told you two things.
Nobody cares about that stuff. It's like Miguel told me about the NBA All-Star. I realized he was talking about Beyonce's booby which we do care about that because it's boob central now in his show.
Boob's and Dykes, that's where it's at. You know, I'm a little slow to learn. That's all people care about. We should have learned from our good friend Tom Hopkins. He was right when he said...
America loves to watch boob's and butts and boinking. That's it. That's all Josh Carey's about. That's why he's not going to go vote.
He's going to go register to vote. He's too busy getting late. You don't have time for that. He's too busy looking on the internet for pornography.
In fact, if he gets that computer, that's always going to be doing this going on every internet porn site that's ever been invented. We know that.
So what's your point?
I'm just saying that's what living and breathing people are most concerned about. So this is all this other...
Well, I'm going to vote. No, they're not. No, they're not.
I mean, here's one of the great discracers happening right there in front of people's faces in Florida. And what are they worried about this guy?
I mean, the guy's a good guy this caller, even though he never told me nothing. He was going to tell me.
But who cares about George Steinberg? I just mentioned that in passing because I saw a pay rod on the TV out of the corner of my eye. And it makes me nauseous.
Hey, how about 18 million year pay rod you asked? Oh, why don't we take a pay cut? Yeah, wow. What we do?
Makes me just want to barf. You'll see baseball and they're just doing it like the slow painful way.
Look what a great team they got in Detroit. I'm Cleveland, but at New Stadium, I found the toilet nobody's going there. No, mall.
It's just garbage. And if the Marlins should have an offseason, God forbid, if that should happen, which is a distinct possibility,
you'll be able to have your own section at P.P. Park. And don't tell me it's a crappy stadium in a crappy location. All the other excuses.
It's just like the people that were taking the caps and the outfits back for refunds that they have to the World Series parade.
I thought that was a joke. It was a true story. Yes. Oh, can I get my money back for this? I don't really want it. I just want to have it for the break. Can I get some of a refund? No.
No, you asked all you phony, phony, airs, dots, human being, you, you piece of turd. Maybe they can investigate some of those people who will be checking out these feces of the species.
Do they? Hot tub. I think they ought to check out these feces in Florida real quick. WQA and Hello.
But I want a fun time list. I think he's got a blow up dollar on fun that I don't you? Yeah, it's a well-funned him. WQA and Hello.
Hey, how are you? Pretty good, sir. I want to actually have a few hockey questions. Yeah, real quick is that we don't want to lose the audience.
All right. Yeah. Yeah. How are the leaves doing? These are in first place near division. Beat Pittsburgh 8.4 last night. 70.6 points. Thank you.
I'm going to get any though back because the fact help was played in goal last night. Trevor kid blows. I told you that a long time ago. Trevor kid blows.
But that's another story for another day because we don't want to get hockey intensive. Georgia's lining up seven of them hockey shows with rumor. Oh, yeah.
I bet they're on a road though. The theme is on the road. They'll fucking Caroline. The last night three to one empty net or 30 and by Rob Brindamore. Too bad. That was a must-win game. They lost Panthers.
No playoffs. They can keep changing coaches. Bring in another cheap guy. You know, they should have brought in Larry Robinson. But that would have cost him some money, which Aaron Cohn don't have no more because he's just bleeding a sea of writing there in South Florida.
To go back to the guy who was going to tell me something. That's the same thing. Any care anybody or any real hockey fans there? Oh, it may be a few. That's it. Nobody else cares.
Grant survey 4,450 priest accused of child sex abuse. Oh, my God. You people that keep subsidizing this insanity. Children accused more than 4,000 priest of sex abuse.
The court was sentenced to 10,000 years between 1950 and 2002 according to a draft survey commissioned by the US Conference of Catholic Bishops or finally getting around to try to cover their ass because ass is their mental name.
The survey to be released in its entirety February 27, 10 days from now, found that children made more than 11,000 allegations of sex abuse by priests. Now keep in mind, that's only people that came forward. Right.
The 4,450 accused priest represent about 4% of the 110,000 priest who served during the 52 years covered by the study. That means one out of every 25 that we know of.
And this was supposed to be a few isolated incidents. 4%. The report is based on the nationwide survey of church records compiled by the John J. College of Criminal Justice for the Conference.
The Bishops Conference commissioned the survey to get a better understanding of the scope of the crisis. Hey, father, you better wash your mouth out with scope. Okay. Before you attend your next alter, boy. Clear the deck. Yeah.
You know what they used to call father of pushing and boss them. No, I don't. Old penis push. Well, I was just because of the way he looked like.
Okay. CNN reviewed a draft copy of the survey official said it might be slightly changed before it's released to see what they can cover up. I mean more than half the accused priest had one allegation against them. 25% had more than had two or three and 13% or 578 priest had four to nine allegations.
3% had 10 or more allegations. How is the father. Gagan doing is he still dead? Yeah. Good. Thank God. The report said 6,700 of the 11,000 allegations were investigated and substantiated.
Another thousand were unsubstantiated. The remaining 3,300 were not investigated because the priest involved were dead. At the time, the allegation was made.
The director of SNAP, Survivors Network of those abuse by pre-set Monday, the survey's numbers are low. They're feeling mighty low is what he said.
Bishops had tried to hide this for years so there's no reason to believe all of a sudden they would change their ways. David Cohesi said, the only prudent thing to do is to assume this is not the entire truth. This is a survey not a reporter investigation.
The only prudent thing. Remember patients and prudents? See. You do? No. No, you don't. Tonight you belong to me by patients and prudents. Our liberty records are very important.
I'll leave something like that. I'll look it up. Current of the survey, 78% of those abuse were between the ages of 11 and 17, 16% 8 to 10 years old and nearly 6% were 7 years old and younger.
Faa. Faa. And in the meantime, what are they worried about? They're worried about crap. They're worried about Kaka. They're worried about the goddamn... What's his name? Scott Peterson. Kaka.
Poup and crap. That's the media for you. The media could be doing so much to lead the public by the nose in the right direction but instead delisied them down a garden path and crap because that's the only way they can make money they think is by peddling crap.
You know whose biography I saw again? I've seen it before on the biography channel. I give up Edward R. Murrow. Oh man. Where's he today?
Well he's smoked a bit too many. Boy you talk about guys who used to change smoke on the year in those days? Wow. Back in the day. Where's his name? Wow. Wow. They showed some of the scenes from See It Now and then he had that puff other show. They a puff piece interview show.
Which got much bigger ratings than See It Now because they had celebrities on it. They had the candidates and they had Bob Hope and those people. And that's what everybody wanted to see celebrities way back then. This is not a new phenomenon.
It's not like all of a sudden people became obsessed with celebrities and with gossip and I mean isn't there. There were long before there was misfudge. There was a well of Parsons and Walker windshield and then people.
So this has been a problem with people. Things that really they should care about. It's like with your buddy Josh in there right now who only cares about his next piece of ass. He don't give a crap about what he's going to go register to vote. He doesn't care about that.
He's worried about who's going to win a guy down ballgame and then they can't difference which game it is some ballgame. That's all like Clarins in there. You should tell the Republicans want to outlaw ass.
That's right. If you get bushing or again believe me you'll never see any. It'll be the only bus you'll get.
But hey you do what you please okay you just kind of go along and oblivion and wake up one day say how did this happen how did they close down my favorite you know porn or store all of these things.
It won't even have that curtain in the back of blockbuster no more where you can go back there and get the Debbie does Alice.
303 votes on a pull which of these applies to you I voted for Gordon 2000 vote for carry 180 60% damn near I voted for Bush in 2000 will again 35 11.5% wow George.
Yeah. What that's a far cry from the usual 17 18% just wait till catch up I didn't vote in 2000 but will in 2004 28 see we should have found out which your way they're leaning I voted for Bush in 2000 I vote for carry this time 18.
I'm too stupid to vote 18 that's what Josh voted for I voted for Nader this time carry 16 I voted in 2000 but I want this year 6.
Why the hell not we want to know we're going to come to your house and drag your ass out only to vote for carry you idiots.
I voted for Nader but this time for Bush to and I'm not old enough to vote the big oh.
I'm too surprised to be going old enough to vote.
My wife and local.
What are you doing to yourself?
I'm not by your side.
You're way too way.
Prittians done as to have enough election officials left you confused.
Here is your guide to understanding how to cast your vote in Palm Beach County Florida.
Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be.
Let's get started shall we?
Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmelsdee.
Who are you voting for?
I'll leave him in.
Do I see you?
Now read the butterfly ballot starting with Bush Katie in the left column.
You can and Chikol Gruber, Mangala, Iceman and Gerbels in the right.
Where's I'll leave him in?
Over there.
This guy goes guy.
Yes?
This guy who makes my baby food.
No.
Now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac Key Punch Guide.
Wait.
Over there.
Here.
Use this microscope.
Oh, there he is.
That's that it.
No.
Okay, I'll punch you again.
Is this it?
No.
No.
That invalidates your vote.
All right, yeah.
I'll punch you again.
And I'll punch you again.
I'll punch you again.
We will all have a quick measure.
Why you cheap?
All right.
Not a ring old hebe.
Remember comrades, if you want to live in Florida, exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother.
It's the level 02 of 560.
That last part of that bit reminds me of something happened at the movies there in the...
That's who long go in Tamarack, but at any rate.
At any rate, oh, I lied.
I said three more American soldiers died in the last 24 hours.
Make it four now.
I said.
Just a quick blurb on CNN about a half a second.
Roadside bomb, another dead American soldier.
They're just dying over there like crazy like flies and nobody cares no more.
It's just sad.
It's pathetic.
But we got to worry about important things like his Martha Stewart go to jail.
Crap like that.
So is she?
I couldn't care.
Let me give you a list of things that I don't ever want to hear about.
Martha Stewart, Scott Lacey Peterson, Mark Garragos, the NBA All-Star game, George Steinbrenner,
Pay Rod, the Freaking Yankees, all of those things.
Baseball in general, etc.
Now, getting back to your priest friends?
My buddy.
Your buds.
Roman Catholic Arts Dices of Los Angeles, the nation's biggest release, their detailed study yesterday.
On sex abuse of its... of minors by its purge since 1930, reporting that among the highest number of claims against the US Dices to date.
656.
That's a nice number.
656.
Those are the allegations from people who said they've been molested by 244 priests, which averages out to about two and a half.
How do you molest half a kid?
From the waist up or the waist down?
The waist up.
I see.
By priest, Deacon's religious brother, seminarians and one other person who is...
We don't know what their one other person was.
Well, there you go.
The LAR Thaisy Signals in its report that it's at the center of a tempest of blaming criticism over how it dealt with victims and accused priests.
Bishop Mahoney has been targeted for pledging full disclosure of information about clergy misconduct.
Then fighting to release some personnel files for a grand jury, including records of counseling for priests at the arts dices, he said, were confidential under state law.
In other words, kind of like Bush and his military records, you know.
I'm going to give you everything, but no, not everything. Whatever I feel like.
Oh, no, not that.
And not this.
By the way, among the victims, among those accused... oh, this is great. One of the cover up deals.
Former priest Michael Baker, who remained in the church work, even though he admitted molesting two boys and now faces more than 20 abused claims.
Cardinal Mahoney was far too lenient in preventing him to continue when the assignments, the report, said in the other statement of the century.
Let me read that again.
Former priest Michael Baker, who remained in the church work, even though he admitted... I can't even say that I'm so tongue-packed, admitted molesting two boys and now faces more than 20 abused claims.
So they left them in there so we could abuse a bunch more kids than they said, oh, he's a bad guy. Let's get him out now.
Just unconscionable, unbelievable.
That there could be so many stupid, stupid, stupid lemmings running around.
How Mary holding mother of God was. And of course, they're busy watching Mel Gibson and passions right now too.
I'd rather watch passions with Sheridan and Luisa McGill.
Then the passion of frickin' Christ, okay?
At least there's some entertainment value there. I'd rather watch Edna Wallace any day of the week than watch Mel Gibson.
Is he even in the movie?
I don't know. I think he might be Jesus.
No. He's Jesus. No, he's not Jesus. I see me.
He's not Jesus. I don't know.
Well, why not? You haven't seen it yet? You don't have your bootleg copy? No.
You better get with it if you're going to be doing your homework, man. You better go out there and see the passion of Jesus.
I'll put the call in now.
Because the spirit of Christ compels you to get off your ass and go out and see it. Or at least get a bootleg copy and watch it for free.
Let's see. It says, you know sports and all the sports people have no clue. Everybody.
I mean, our sports experts like Mowgeldi and Joe give it a world series to the Yankees.
Who cares about the frickin' world series, okay?
P.F. did you get my CD of 1969 Classic of Tom Place, what the world read and need? No, I didn't get that.
Did we get that? I didn't get anything.
I didn't get it. So set it again and quit tell me about the Yankees. Nobody cares.
And those people who do care, we don't care about them.
And in fact, I just want to tell you that right now. If you care about the Yankees and I say this with all due apology to our close friend, Joe Costello, who looks like a hell and how we're dean, we don't care about you.
Okay. We used to care about you, but now the Yankees just pissed me out. They put me over the edge.
Let's see. Here's one says that five page report of all the emails declaring the hypocrite of the court has been, oh no.
Read it.
The five page report of all the emails declaring the hypocritical quotes of Democrats over the years been read daily by Phil Henry all last week.
Are you sure? Oh, he seemed to take great joy meeting all those quotes. Finally last Friday.
Phil Henry finally declared that he'll be voting for Bush. He is so lost. But this is what happens when you sell your soul to the Bushmeister.
How do you like that? He finally came out of the closet at Cheap Channel, the Bushman.
Okay. Yeah. They made him an offer he couldn't refuse. And he said, okay. Boy, what a disgrace.
Anyway, I'm not going to your side. Is there any surprise to us? No, I absolutely want to puke.
Yeah. Look at this Washington. President Bush pardoned former mayor of Plano, Texas. How about Rick Plano who drives out there in the West Coast?
Bush pardoned former mayor of Plano, Texas who pleaded guilty to bank fraud in 1996, the Justice Department announced yesterday. David McCall, Jr.
No relation to Joe March, Jr. who is battling cancer served six months in prison for his role in fraudulent loans at the Plano Savings and Loan Association, which failed in the mid 1980s.
Officials in Plano, a suburb of Dallas earlier this month renamed the downtown Plasma calls on it for services mayor from 56 to 60.
Why do we care about this? I don't know. I don't know. I'm suffering from cancer. You got to feel sorry for him, right? Sure. Well, he may have been a little bit of a scumbag.
At least he was no, what's his name? Tom Delay. Here's the bullet in the hour. Does anybody care about this singular wireless end today would buy AT&T wireless service from about 41 billion? It was other news.
But do we care about it? I have AT&T in a deal with North Carolina's biggest mobile phone company. I do like that. It's going to be so big. Another monopoly, baby. There you go.
Pretty soon is going to be just a few companies in a whole world. That's all we need. They're going to own every TV station, every radio station, every newspaper, every mobile phone, every cell phone, every permanent phone, every hard line, every soft line, every penis, every vagina. They're going to own everything.
Every pop-up toaster, every frigid air. They're going to own it all. And if you don't land, of course, if you try to call it, those 30 companies, you know what you're going to get, don't you? What?
An automated series of choices. I mean, I think you're 45,000 different choices. Punch this, punch that, punch yourself silly. But don't expect to talk to a live human being, living and breathing any time in the next five weeks. Right. The telephonic maze. Right. Good luck. That's what you're going to get. Pretty sad.
Let's take a look at it. Now, I'm not going to, you're going to have to dissuade me from doing the contest thing. Let me just take a quick peek. I take a peek at it. No, I don't want to see. I'm only going to do that once today. And then, of course, the deadline on the hot couples contest is 155 p.m. this Friday.
Whichever three couples have the top votes within the one, two, and three prizes. Well, look at that. There's Monica and Brankot. I better not say. Okay, the bot. Well, that's me. You know, as I'm scrolling down, you get tempted. You want to read this number at number. It's not good.
2400 even. You see the spirit of Christ can help me look at it right now because it's a nice, even number 2400 votes. And that impressive, impressive.
Huh? I'll guarantee you by the time we sit our asses down in our morning. If this time is going to be more than 3000. You think maybe 4000 maybe wouldn't surprise me if we get a lot of those phony. I mean, a lot of those emotional votes. No, no, no.
Well, there's God Peterson. Another person I don't want to see. It's found last April. Yeah, good for him. And so what's the deal? Are they actually going to show that movie with USA Network or not?
Because I see the defensive journeys are having a nervous breakdown. We're not not the defensive journeys. The everybody everybody concerned.
I think they're going to do it anyway. So on USA Network with the pop mark written a Superman being came. Yeah, who does then they made them look exactly like as he came to Steve Kane or Kane and able.
That's what we're going to find out when you watch that movie is Kane able to do that movie and have it shown on USA when it's going to screw up the whole trial.
And they'll have a mystery all the believe it on Kane and he better put back his Superman outfit from the lowest in the city or whatever's name.
Remember that? No. He had bad zits in that man. Do you remember the TV series when he was Superman? Lowest rated Clark? Whatever the hell that thing was. Isn't that the thing? Yes. Zit pits. Oh man. He had bad zits and she had big pits.
Oh, speaking of big cajon's carry tops bush in the very latest CBS poll registered voters now give a five point lead to any unnamed democratic candidate over George W. Bush 47 or 42.
But here's the way it breaks down. If you like to wear a hell right now today. Carry 48 Bush 43. Bush would defeat John Edwards 50 to 41 and Howard Dean 54 to 37. Hey Howard, go away Howard.
Okay. What is it going to take? I mean, uh, somebody got to sit him down and go nuts with him or want to South Carolina. Yeah. And Oklahoma.
Stop. Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington. You see the thing back to White House. I really think he woke up one morning and looked at his wife.
Yeah. No, he see for years he probably like slept facing the other way the other direction. Facing the wall. And one morning you turned over in one night in the middle of the night in his sleep and actually woke up facing that bitch and all that that's just put him out. It would never work for you. Sure, it would do it.
Holy Jesus. Take a look at that bitch. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well, look at him. Phone's flashing frantically must have hit a raw nerve or maybe they're just getting up now. Our favorites. WQA and hello. Q.A.M.
Yes, sir. Yes, I was wondering if you happen to catch hardball with Tim Matthew. Tim Matthewson. No, I saw Chris Matthews. I didn't see it. It was incredible.
At least he's pretty pretty sloppy game. I was watching hockey as usual. I caught the talent that he had a bunch of people on one of them was the Bob Dornin.
Robert Dornin, a born again right wing lunatic maniac who got beaten California. He actually recount and they found that he lost by even more when he got beaten.
But the subject was Bush's military record and he asked him about what he thought about how Bush was able to get over how to so many people getting the national guard and avoid combat news.
And then Bob Dorn proceeded to answer by presenting his military record.
Let me ask you this question. Why do we care about Robert Dornin though? He's old news. He's old, old rejected by everybody news.
But the funny thing about it was just so comical. He wrote a call him a right wing extremist. It will be an insult to all right wing extremists all around the country.
So just to take to and call us in the morning. A little bit carried away that guy. 1113 at 560 WK. You care about Robert Dornin?
Who?
Neither do I. Nobody cares about him. No more. I'd rather I care more Bob Dorn because I like his pineapple number one. Yeah. And he's got a big swollen penis too now.
And as it turns out, it's a humor. That's right. He's got a sense of humor. It doesn't take him till self-thusage.
Because he looks down at that bum hand and thinks, God, I'm going to be the president who the hell was I could always bum hand. Right.
Hey, listen, we had Franklin Roosevelt in the wheelchair. You realize that nobody knew that he was in a wheelchair in the big secret.
I know. He used to prop it up and used to stand there and there was a great speaker after you are and everybody thought, man, he had of course come to find out he was in a wheelchair at polio.
And they had the march of dimes. And then of course they wanted to put Reagan's picture on the dime. Remember that a few weeks ago? Yeah.
And even Nancy Reagan was supposed to just say to those assholes man.
FDR started the march of dimes to raise money for polio research. That's what the whole thing with the with his picture on the dime was all about.
And he's fascist right wing lunatics. These assholes. These born again lying sack of crap. Oh, let's put Ronnie Reagan on the dime. No, how about put him on like a $3 bill would be good.
Okay. 14 after 11 a little right on one side and Barney Fag on the other side.
No matter who you're sleeping with. And how do you like the way that the anti-game marriage people in San Francisco?
They're all their protest. Get a life. Go find something else to worry about. Okay. Something important to worry about.
Christ. How the hell's it going to change their life? Jesus Christ.
America's leading brand when it comes to mattresses is silly. The silly posture pedic line is world famous. Fail famous for comfort and durability.
If you really want rock bottom prices on the entire line of a brand new silly posture pedic every day. Not just some phoney one time sale.
Then pick up that instrument and call 1-800 mattress. That's the number for our good friends. It dial a mattress. They carry the complete line of silly.
And now they're even easier to care for than ever before because he leaves new line of posture pedics. Never have to be flipped or rotated just like the beast.
They just send it up for you. Then you'll enjoy years of comfort. Never flip or rotate that baby. These beds are constructed provided optimal comfort on the sleeping service in last three years.
In fact, that's what the clearance is. Enjoy is best about the beast. The number has to flip them or rotate them or turn them over. Just call 1-800 mattress right now. Talk with an expert bed and consult.
And you'll enjoy the service rack number one for overall customer satisfaction in the entire universe with low prices. Same data delivery free set up and mobile. It's easy to see by dollar mattress.
Continue to be ranked the best anywhere is in customer satisfaction. So would you like great night sleep tonight and for a long time to come with a brand new silly posture pedic from dial a mattress.
What are you waiting for? Do what I've been doing for years. George is doing it. Book of Brian is doing. Miguel is doing it. In fact, boys trying to do it. Call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTRES.
And if you want to see more of this online, it's macros.com.
And if you want to see more of this online, it's easy to see by dollar mattress.
You're going to bloom in hell and it won't be far behind.
And if you want to see more of this online, it's easy to see by dollar mattress.
And if you want to see more of this online, it's easy to see by dollar mattress.
We don't sound as pan-hackensack. There's a time call tamarack. We don't sound as pan-hackensack. There's a time call tamarack. We don't sound as pan-hackensack. There's a time call tamarack. We don't sound as pan-hackensack. There's a time call tamarack.
We'll chamblin' rate me. Well, I like the way that the trip queues either end in the middle of some of these bits or like winter about over for five seconds. That's okay because what's his name?
I'm doing him no more. 1121 at 560 WQM here is interested speaking of that. The reason I played the world-chablin' rate me thing.
Yeah, the James Fax we got. James, of course, with a good ol' North Carolina story. You oughta be able to relate to this.
Yeah, if it's true.
It says since you're talking about rate, what do you mean if it's true? You don't believe this?
It's like the Sally Fitz thing. Is it true? Is it not? That's funny either way.
Get outta here.
Is it true? Man. See, the red lex-lino don't use condoms when they rape dogs.
Sally was really pissed when Coca-Cola stopped putting in the bottles and the machines that they're putting the cans in.
They fit. Since you're talking about rapes as James, I thought you'd like a good ol' North Carolina story. My wife works at a veterinary clinic in Charlotte.
The other day there was a boxer brought in that had been raped. I wonder if it was Mike Tyson.
It said it had a swollen ass and had a condom in its rectum.
Let me ask you, what kind of red lex-lino is that? I'm proud to say I'm not from North Carolina. I originally thought you would like to hear about that.
We love hearing about it. Thank you, James.
I think it was probably just another boxer done it.
Yeah, it's just like that dog that committed suicide there that everybody's blaming what's adjacent Shambion, whatever the hell's name is, Williams.
Everybody's blaming poor Boo Shambionate and it was that the dog killed himself. It was a suicide. Got any and kill no dog?
There's one word I have for the president. Why have many words for him?
You don't know what it is? I give up. Pathetic. Oh, wow.
In their latest disagreement to White House and the panel proving the 9-11 terrorist attacks that were odds over whether President Bush will meet with the entire panel or only a few members.
Mr. Bush agreed Friday to meet privately with the Federal Commission reviewing the 9-11 attacks. The Commission today requested a private meeting with the president to discuss information relevant to the Commission's work.
The president has agreed that the request said White House press secretary Scott McCleone, who's a real nebush.
Commission members took that to mean Mr. Bush would meet with all of them, but as early as Saturday, the White House said, uh-uh, not so fast, only the ones he likes.
While details of the private sessions are still to be determined, the White House does not expect the president to meet with the entire Commission at Administration official told the Washington Post.
A Commission spokesman told the Post that the request for meeting with Mr. Bush came from the entire 9-11 panel, Richard Bedman Eastay, Democrat on the panel told the newspaper.
It would be important for all the members of the Commission to have an opportunity to participate in interviews such as this.
There is a significant difference in being present seeing a witness in person and having a chance to follow up questions and simply reading a transcript or memo, then Mr. Bush previously said he would perhaps submit the questions from the panel, but wouldn't say whether he would testify publicly.
Former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Elgore indicated a well-in-miss to provide private testimony about government missteps prior to the 2001 attacks.
The White House on Friday said the president would not like to testify publicly, no, because it would be probably too embarrassing.
God, pathetic. And 12.5% of the audience said they voted for Bush the first time they're going to do it again, just to piss us off.
Maybe those are the rich of Christians in the audience.
Those good rich Christians, that's right who are so much better than us anyway, but they're monitoring the show, or maybe they like fart sound, because they certainly don't do it themselves.
Well, they do that.
One thing about good Christians, man, they don't fart. Make no mistake about it. They never sit in their own pew.
The 423 votes, which of these applies to you?
I voted for Goren 2000. I'll vote for Carrie this time. 257. You go, boys, girls. We don't have any women listening, I'm sure.
That's why we had no dikes on our hakavels contest. We had two gay guys, two gay couples, but no lesbians, because we have no women listening.
Right? Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.
What do you mean we don't have a audio vault? It just crashed moments ago? Yes.
So it just crashed and
And the engineers as Bob the booth in the building forget about Bob were most okay Bob
We're most good and fixer guy damn hang there. Not to fix it to break it
He could break a hang there. Why it was broken
He said he's really a very nervous about his nails when we were in Amsterdam that time
He kept looking at his fingernails really you know and the other way he looked at him
You know that thing about how guys look at their fingernails. That's right. Hey Josh look at your fingernails. Yeah. All right
He's gay. No, no, what I want what I want what I want Josh to do right now is hold up his hand. Yeah, no
He did it. I just asked him. Will you listen to me? Okay?
Hold up his hand so George can see it. Okay?
Remember this deal about the index no forget about the fingernails. Okay anybody works at QM believe me don't have no fingernails
All right, he held up his hand. Okay. Look at his index finger. All right. He's holding that up too and look at the ring finger
Okay, now is the index finger considerably shorter than the other one. No, they're about the same see he's straight
Right, and he also looked at his nails the straight way like claw shape. Well there you go
Who is still in question in his Hispanic community because they know his Cuban? Yeah, well
No, that's that's a reason for all the doubts about you is because number one you're on the show with me and number three
Most importantly is that you're Cuban heavy burden
But nevertheless and then we got Josh who finally we got somebody straight as an arrow in there who just like I said
Only cares about getting laid his next piece of ass and like I said you won't be getting no more ass and bush gets in again
Trust me John a scrub will take care of that. That's why they call him a scrub right now. He only cares about his next commercial break
But when we're gonna do that. No, we don't know wait wait wait one moment please see this is so pathetic
Everything here's working just fine boys and girls my equipment here at my Toronto studio works like magic
Everything works see that rub it in you can on the parts from this machine. You can actually smell them and they're so good
Yeah
But not there not a Q.A. Am or they got just infested you know
Hank used to talk about the red infested vug and festive place over there on Sheridan Street that crap hole
Out of please you to know not only do we have ants now, but we have nets that fly right in your eye
Net net net more when the net more show follows will he a Williams net King Cole? Yeah
Well, you know, it's a crap brand remember got we got guys that are willing to come in there for free to test the air quality to
exterminate the
Fones like George to go and to a free meal and suck up the Greg on a surprise 50th birthday like they really care about him
And does he care about the people in that building? No, that's the only reason I'm still alive
It's because I don't have to be there every day. I was there for two weeks sick as a dog for three weeks with a crap of the corporate crud
Hank has had it Mo had it the mad dog had it you had it. That's what great told me you had it
Still have it. So what can I tell you just really sad when you work for somebody just doesn't care about the hired help
But it cares about some of the hired help, but that's has another story
For actor I retire when I write my book
Oh, there's Colin Powell who said stop the violence. Okay
That's a good idea Colin stop kill all the innocent people and stop you know sacrificing all in American soldiers
For this crap and stop lying Colin you sack of crap. He's talking about Haiti. You know the Haitians are be voting yeah there
I do that
He says president Eris D was a fairly elected president of Haiti ride
That in 40 cents will buy about a half a cup of coffee at the rascal house next time West Park comes to town general
So we got spot yet. I got a spy just go the rest of the day you know no spots
Somebody actually said that no, I'm just throwing that out here just fun. He's a whole building. It's down in a whole building
Nice going there George Corso and Bob or Mo's I guarantee a fiction had nothing to do with this
He's the only engineer we got in the whole place now that Julio got the screw and got tossed out of them. We got stuff
He's a good guy who stuff he doesn't want you to talk about him
But he's a guy. I have no idea who that is if I ever met him. I don't know
He's in and of course treat Crawford a good guy too, but he only works on the outside
He doesn't go into building his monocatch anything
He only goes out when the guys go on appearances and do remote stuff
I don't think we're ready to play the app but nevertheless. Well, what does that mean? You're not ready to play him
What we're talking? We have to have a band and a bear and a small and sniff him a little bit
Presentation of it. I see so let's make a drummer or if any spot come up in the drummer
Turned back on turn back on what oh, I was asked to charge if you turned your pop back on no
He did not now. Why do you do that to me every time that we play the audio ball from the other room?
Why is it that I can't I can't hear it?
We don't I just turned you off to stop the drummer all that's it
There was no more drummer all the drummer was over
Are you mean the second one? Yeah, yes, what you don't understand is I can't hear the spot see
I say to him on the inner come I can't hear anything so be nice if I could hear it by the time the break ends and
He never puts it back on see I kind of can't hear you when you say that
Well, how about now can you hear me now?
Doesn't thatzaice gate oh
It's the room now buddy
well
But
If they get your dance and they'll say,
I think I'll say you do it then to work.
Unless you're willing to take their chance,
I wouldn't try it, I'd think I'll pass, don't dance.
Don't dance.
Don't do the math today, or my two C2.
Or a partial ass golfing, it's gonna bust you, don't dance.
Don't dance.
Don't do your dancing here.
You will chase the effects immediately and much sooner.
Don't dance.
Control yourself, help a loser.
Don't do the math now.
Don't dance.
And space will rise above your head.
And the wook of wook of God of New will rise in high to bliss
to claim the rule of law.
23 till a new to 5.60
To be apologized for our technical inconvenience
but it's QAM in the audience I'd be getting pretty used to by now.
We're pretty proud of it. It's one of the features of our show every day.
Let me get a dead about that.
Jews can now send email message to God.
How do you like that?
Oh God.
Jerusalem, God is getting some email.
Israel's Bzek telephone company started a new service yesterday allowing Jews to send email messages to God.
Tradition holds that God will grant prayers placed between the massive stones of the Western role in Jerusalem
in the past that meant the faithful had a travel and person to put their notes on the wall.
But now all they have to do is log on and send it.
And the phone company will deliver the messages to the wall.
All right.
Yeah.
And pretty soon God can email a miracle right here at home.
But if you have bad roads just open up your record.
Yeah, like God will like a zap magic something.
That's it.
Right there.
A little magic wave is one.
Do you get a like a hard copy certificate when you get a miracle?
I don't know if it's hard to certify the miracle.
Bzek had already been accepting facts as verga but decided to take a step further
because more people have computers than fast machines.
The company currently takes the fast notes puts them in special envelopes and takes them to the wall twice a week.
Most of the notes come from New York in Europe but the company says it's received notes in Japanese.
Even when it came with a letter saying it's been smuggled out of Iran which has no diplomatic ties with Israel.
So some lunatic in Iran is wailing on it at the wailing wall.
I'll tell you one thing.
We better hope that God invented the whole universe and the earth and the man and all.
Only 5,000 years ago because we're not making too much progress.
No.
Technically we're making big, big progress.
You know, I come sit on my ass here in Toronto.
It's a nice toasty about what is the temperature?
About third man and it sounds like I'm sitting right there on somebody's lap right on the right in that room choking and gagging with gnats in your eyes.
That's right.
That's another reason I'm delighted that I'm not there.
I'm ecstatic.
And you know how you pleased his punch.
Remember we were talking about spots before years ago when you get those floaters?
Yeah, I got one.
I got a floater too and I got my first floater and you said I was going to die soon and everything.
Well, you can't really differentiate between a net and a floater right away.
So you don't know to wince and flinch.
Why see some other words?
You're not really sure if it's something floating in air.
You're going blind.
Why?
Actually flies right into your eye.
In fact, I don't even notice my floater anymore.
My left eye is until you just mentioned it and now I see it.
There it is.
Floater out.
Oh, geez.
Maybe it's a net.
It's a cat or a...
If I just poke myself in the eye with a real sharp object, I can kill it.
493 votes on our pool.
Pretty impressive total.
Something's going on here, you know what?
Something now that we got the boobies on our website, I think we finally got the audience that we've been looking forward to get back for a long time.
The audience that Greg helped to chase away by putting us on 9-1,
by screwing up the whole format of the radio station, then by titillating the audience there with Pharrell for a couple of months,
and then firing his ass on ceremoniously because he said crap too many times.
493 votes.
Which of this applies to you?
Which of these?
Which of them?
I voted for going 2000.
I'll vote for Kerry 296.
And even 60%.
All right.
They're going to vote.
Don't forget two or three times to make sure.
No more steel and floor to this time.
God damn it.
I voted for Bush in 2000 and will again 63.
12.7%.
I didn't vote in 2000 but will in 2004 52.
See but we should ask to their vote in four.
Right.
Well, the people in vote the first time, right?
Yes.
My dumb or what?
I know.
I was spelled a chapacritic with three D's.
I voted for Bush in 2000.
I'll vote for Kerry 28.
Got that?
5.6%.
I'm too stupid of a 24.
4.8%.
Good.
Please stay home.
I voted for Nader but this time Kerry 20.
I voted in 2000 but I want this year 7.
I voted for Nader but this time Bush too.
And I'm not old enough to vote one punk who's playing hooky or hockey.
18.
Well what is it now?
We're going to get...
I want to make sure before I take the break because I don't want to like...
There's no being sure.
Well no.
You have...
Well let's give it a shot.
I'm not a perfect guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
Is that a serious, honest answer?
That's a serious, honest answer.
You can go to your public library.
And there are public PCs with internet access.
Don't you remember the big flap?
Because people were looking up, you know,
birth control information or breast cancer information
on the PCs in the library.
And children were in the library.
They were looking at breasts in the library.
Yeah.
So they wanted to shut that whole thing down,
but the library is one.
So as far as I know, they're still there.
But I'm not talking about the library.
I'm talking about internet cafes.
Are you telling me that something that's so commonplace?
I'm sure there are.
But I don't know where.
I don't know.
I want to be all over the place.
I mean, if not, then let's open up about 10 of month tomorrow.
Get out of this goddamn business.
To him straight.
Who the hell are we kidding?
Let's go.
You can't.
You can't.
Like every, every half a block, there's another one.
I know a few good spots right now.
Let's go.
Okay.
See ya folks.
Call it Cyberworld.
There's something crazy like that.
Don't have to call them just internet cafe.
Very boring.
All you got to do is have a window where people can see,
oh, there's a bunch of computers in there.
It's internet cafe.
Uncle, you're a cyber cafe.
And you put a couple of coins in a machine.
And you give a little ticket out of there with a number on it.
And you'll punch in that code.
And whatever.
And however.
And the interesting part of it is, I don't know how they work.
Any of them play self-published in Amsterdam.
Probably the same everywhere.
The rate you pay is depending on the time of the day.
The peak usage time you pay a little bit more.
And you give less time and et cetera.
We'll sell memberships.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
If anybody wants to promote internet cafe on here, please do.
Because we have people out there who feel like they're not part of the whole world.
If you don't have a computer nowadays, you might as well be dead, right?
I don't want anybody to feel bad.
But if you don't have a computer, you're just a...
Is that well?
Better be honest.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
Yeah, Uncle Neil is your favorite chronic abbie.
There's places all over.
There's one in North Florida.
They'll call John Net with his bacon's off.
See what his George know.
He's so sheltered.
I just asked Wilton Nana's very game neighborhood.
There's a bunch of internet cafes here.
They're all over town.
Well, I'll be damned.
Have a good day, sir.
Thank you.
The gate cafe.
See, I told you.
I mean, I realized they're even eating in the thaw of South Florida.
Is there have to be internet cafes everywhere.
This is where it's at.
If your wife unless you're out of the house once in a great while,
you get into a lot of trouble.
That's why she doesn't.
No comment.
So, did you go see that movie at her?
What?
The one you were talking about.
You wanted to go see cold mountain.
No, I never did.
Well, maybe somebody in the audience could tell you whether you ought to go see it or not.
Because you know what great taste the audience has got.
I'd appreciate it.
Okay, George would appreciate it if anybody wants to tell him whether they should go see cold mountain or not.
If it's ice cold or maybe lukewarm or maybe really hot.
Who's in it?
Jude Laws.
Jude Laws.
Great.
Oh, it's a Western.
That's right.
No, no, it's a war.
Well, he's riding a horse.
It's civil war.
That ain't out west.
Let me see this to you.
When you see a horse, it's a western.
Are they riding horses?
Yeah.
It's a western.
Okay.
Even if it was like in Atlanta.
Maybe it was like in western Atlanta.
The cold mountain they're talking about is in North Carolina.
So, I think it's an eastern.
No, maybe it was in western Carolina.
You know, you're right.
That's what the most of them are.
I think that's a far west.
Game marriage opponents are set for court.
They're their foment at the mouth out there now.
In fact, they were just showing a little while ago.
State legislations like a new hamstring everywhere.
They're getting together real quick.
Where they're passing all kinds of things.
They're going to have to go to the house and get the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
They're going to have to go to the house.
When we see a black person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's Charles Nelson Wiley and Paul Lin, you know.
When you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
You know, when you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
You know, when you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
You know, when you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
You know, when you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
You know, when you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
You know, when you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
You know, when you see a gay person that's fat Albert or it's whoopie Goldberg.
And this morning with Joe, is he just laying out?
He's? Yeah. No idea.
Because at the end of the show, I heard with Zach, right?
So I guess the deal is he can only have one fat, huge, road-tumb guy on the show at a time.
One guy that's screwed over by Moa at a time.
Oh, absolutely.
There's a weight limit in that studio if you didn't see the sign.
I see.
Now, what is this thing you just sent me?
Controversial West Tiger's Winger, John Hoopgate?
Oh, this is an old story.
Now, this is old. We already had this on about the guy that pushed his ass up the rugby player,
his fingers up his ass. We already had that a long time ago.
Probably not true, but even a long time ago. All news.
Okay.
Let's take about 4,000 calls between now and two, because I can sense something big.
Can you smell it?
Something.
WQM, hello.
I told you.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's your vacancy in the hotel tonight?
Vacancy in the hotel is moderate.
Oh, you're belly.
Yeah.
Vacancy in your head is heavy duty.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How can I do it for you, sir?
Speak in English.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I don't want to.
Let's be speaking old frog.
I don't know if you've already talked about it.
I've sent it for your poll.
I've voted for you.
You can't, because I'm a dumb old Jew.
Oh, I'm not bad.
And then vote for whoever this time.
Well, probably some of those people have already met their maker, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, God forbid.
They're probably at Monticello meeting Marvin Maker right now.
Okay, thanks, Pally, and John Gilmore.
How many Gilmore's does it take to be in the same race before you have doubts about the honesty and integrity of the race?
5-6-7-0-5-60,
0.5-60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, hi.
Wonder how Sandy Fisher's doing.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
Woody Graber.
Woody, how you doing?
Woody, an art pufferig boy.
I was calling about George going to Coal Mountain.
Yeah.
I saw the movie and it's worth it for Renee Selwiger.
She's excellent.
But the rest of the movie sucks.
I thought it was a fight.
I ain't going to.
No, Renee's great.
She's worth the price of admission.
She's great.
But yeah, look at it.
Not great as an acronym.
That was just saying, I'm listening to a word I'm saying now.
Go ahead, Woody.
I'm listening.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, but...
And by the way, Woody, quit wearing them white bowling socks.
Okay, people are starting to talk.
You've been in Florida long enough.
You can ditch that buffalo crap, please.
Oh, all right.
Can I keep the bowling shirt, though?
Hey, what's with the sabers?
I don't want to get hockey intensive.
What's their 8&T and 6&T is 21 goals in three games?
That's about a month's worth for them, usually.
Usually, yeah, the Great Satan scored four.
What the hell is that, all of a boot?
Ah, it's wonderful.
It's just totally wonderful.
Well, I've been waiting all year for this with that cabinet.
Well, don't get too carried away.
Who'd they beat on Saturday?
We got a back connection, Woody.
See you around, eh?
Hey, take care.
George, go see Cole Mountain for Renee.
Okay, he's not going.
You're not going, are you?
No.
He said the movie sucks.
Although he's a great actor, he's good.
He's got a horse, so it might be a Western.
Well, look, if you only saw like a little peepie of it,
and you see a guy on a horse, wouldn't you think it's a Western?
How do I know it's a Civil War movie time?
And let me say it again.
Civil War was a bad thing.
That's just because all the people died.
And there was all that hate involved and all that.
Although we did wind up with the emancipation proclamation,
so it wasn't totally good.
But nevertheless, I mean, the idea, well, I'm thinking we ought
to have the country split into like four segments.
Okay.
Now listen to me.
We ought to have a place for like living and breathing people,
which I'm thinking would be like the Northeast.
Right?
All right.
Starting like, no, you're right.
It's got to be, but it's cold.
Forget about the weather, okay?
There's only, there's no such thing as a nasty day.
It's only a hundred northwest.
And maybe the northwest can be something to it.
And like the south and the south ways.
And divided into four sections,
the religious nuts can all go like up to Utah and out of Arizona,
all of their.
Right?
Right.
Maybe we'll have to draw the line of California.
Maybe they'll have to be a separate thing.
But you know what I'm talking about because I hate to break the news to you,
religious nuts out there.
The rest of us aren't interested in living according to your dictates, okay?
The whole rest of the country is not interested in your dictates, okay?
Right.
So here's sports radio five.
So you're going to be doing what you want.
Where are it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQAF?
WQAF!
WQAF!
WQAF!
WQAF!
WQAF!
Holy, holy, holy numbers aren't growing.
Our dean is going to strive.
He's patholied and steadily.
His numbers now are dwindling.
Good if he has a meast pride.
What was the doctor drinking?
And he must have really bad eyesight.
Oh, I got it.
The chicken.
Our dean.
Good, right.
Good, good.
New York.
New York.
New York.
Our dean.
Good, right.
Go, in, go, in, go, in.
In those voters vote him.
Our dean is going to strive.
Edwards, Clarkton, Carrey.
Looks better than who he married.
Optimus dresses what the doctor needs.
The hopeful next first lady should think twice, but more displayed.
Her piccoming guns and horsey-d.
And so they go, how?
Our dean is trying to report a telephonic scene.
Our dean is trying to report a telephonic scene.
Probably one at 560 W.D.C.R.
You have a problem with the computer or not, with our page?
No.
Oh, there it is.
It just came back up again.
It's really slow.
Huh?
I'm sure it's getting crowded in there.
Why is that?
We got hot couples.
We got hot couples.
And of course we got Halle Berry's Janet Boobies.
We got Halle Berry's.
And you better get, now what are we putting on there for tomorrow?
Anything different?
Well, you probably changed fond of earlier.
You got a Jane Fonda one?
Yeah, big boobies.
All right.
Big topless.
Even those people who thought she was in the commie, pinko,
all that other stuff.
They still wanted a hot bonner.
Well, tweaker boobs.
Okay.
Yeah, give her a little tweak, pinch him.
In fact, when he eats time to give her a little tweak,
Geldie makes another squeak.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, D, pound, 5, 6, D.
So we're going to have that for tomorrow, Jane Fonda's boobies?
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
Now, is John Kerry going to be sitting next to her?
He's going to be sitting between her.
Well, that would be great.
We can have John Kerry's boobies right between his head,
right between Jane Fonda's boobies.
He can wear him like a hat, like your moths.
Right.
He can have like another wardrobe malfunction.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, D, pound, 5, 6, D on a AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
Deputy QA and hello.
Hey, Neil, let me tell you something.
They have a cyber cafe in sunny isles, okay?
Yeah.
Now, let me tell you another thing.
The reason they don't have a Miami...
Did you just imitate the guy they called before
and said, let me tell you something.
Now, you're doing the same thing.
See how it's catching?
Oh, okay. Well, let's say that again.
Oh, they have one in sunny isles.
Hello?
Yeah.
You're still there.
The reason they don't have it in Miami is because there's a lot of smashing grabs.
And all the brothers and the Reacons of Smash
and take all the computers.
Yeah, that's a good point.
You know, so that's why you don't see them too much down in Miami.
I bet there will be a few in sunrise
because the people are too feeble to do any smashing grab.
Yeah.
Could you answer me?
Or is this sweet and low?
It's that Francisco.
When the...
That is crazy.
I saw yesterday on the news with me and my family and I was so happy.
You know, these people look like they love it,
but they were ugly though, man.
They were but ugly and about just being clean.
Let's get some hot looking people on.
Okay, pal, I'll get you.
Good luck to you, Maddickone.
56670560, Bob 560 on the AT&T.
They were.
They were extremely...
I see.
I always put a hated San Francisco.
I can't stand that city.
I mean, if you're going to go to a place where there's a lot of fags,
I mean, go to Toronto or go to Cologne or go to Amsterdam.
Don't go to San Francisco.
They're all clones out there.
You know what I mean by that?
Yes, send in the clones.
They'll have to like a little mustache.
It's like an outfit that you have to look a certain way.
I just want to tell you.
You know what, Miami says,
please rip the crap out of the management of NBC6
for giving Pearl Bob Weaver the shot there for 56 years.
Didn't I do that?
Yes.
Didn't we do this big time like...
I mean, I'll be glad to do it again.
Do it again.
56 years and Channel 6 screws over Bob Weaver.
It says,
typical consult,
natural management types to screw a great guy like Bob Weaver,
which you're right, Joe.
So much for doing your job in helping the community.
I love Bob, Myron, Pam, Giganti, and Amorning.
And Joe Rose.
But the rest of those bastards can go to hell.
They can drop day to Channel 6.
In fact, I'm going to make sure that I program Channel 6
off my TV in my house in South Florida.
That's how pissed off and about screwing over my good buddy Bob Weaver.
And again, they wouldn't even let him say goodbye on the year.
You people at Channel 6 are a bunch of great robbers.
We hate you like poison.
We wish that most of you would die.
Who should I leave out?
Besides Joe Rose, of course, we need him bad.
Who else?
Anybody hot on that...
But I don't know what about Kelly Craig.
She's a We Love Kelly.
She's a sweetheart.
All 400 pounds of her We Love Kelly.
Who's an ounce, Kelly, please?
So when we went through this last week, we had the same amount of people
that we like at Channel 6.
Not too many.
Rick says there's an Internet cafe on South Beach.
So you're getting a learning experience here, Mr. Right?
Also, you can go to any kinkos that have computers hooked up to the internet.
You can rent.
If you have a computer or any borders has wireless internet access,
if you have the right adapter.
Oh, thanks Rick.
There you go.
I'll cover all the bases there.
If you have this, if you have that.
A lot of hotspots.
I know about those.
I'm Rick your pardon?
The hotspots, where if you have a wireless laptop or something,
you can go there and access the internet.
But I'm talking about people that just don't have...
They don't have any any computer at all, right?
They got just a little change to jingle in their pocket.
But they want to get online.
I want to see some boobies.
They want to go vote on our poll.
They want to go see some hot adult sites on there.
Whatever they're looking for, they want to send some emails looking for a job.
Maybe a hand job, some kind of a job.
Whatever they're looking for, they want to go online.
Go to the internet cafe, maybe just put a little change in that machine.
I'm sure they all work the same, right?
Yeah.
You know, it's good into the point where if you can afford a disposable camera,
you can afford a computer.
Oh, I understand that, but there are people out there who have other priorities.
Okay, like maybe paying the rent, maybe buying a little bit of food,
maybe buying their prescription drugs, things like that,
all of these things.
Huh?
They got to get their priorities in order.
Oh, you know what, I haven't played in a long time.
I always say it.
All of these things.
I like the way he says it better.
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
That's fine.
All of these things.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know why I don't play that.
I don't know.
Just, what was that?
I always cross my mind.
Well, let's get about 4,000 calls in today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a gate TNT.
What's the problem with Howard Dean?
That's our poll question, not on the internet, but on our phone.
What is Howard Dean's problem?
Don't you think that most America wants to say,
BYE BYE BYE!
So Howard Dean?
Yeah.
Anybody named Howard?
Absolutely.
WDQAM.
When I was loaded, I was Medicaid.
Yeah, okay.
You know what?
That is him.
That is him.
And he's going to jail.
I told you that.
I say dollars, let it go.
It's crazy Ron.
The police reports are going on.
So you didn't blame me last week when we were getting a few other
run notifications that they was on you.
You missed that rash.
I told you it was crazy Ron.
Remember crazy Ron?
That was him.
Yeah, we're getting your number again Ron.
And you're going to jail again.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Just what we needed was that the
third burger bite in the house, the cops.
Get yourself some help Ron.
Get yourself some new medication baby,
because the current one ain't doing a job.
Now what's wrong with right there on the steps?
Oh please don't tell me those are the challengers.
They're not about 50 tickets.
If you could go down this way, you can see the line still goes down around the block.
No, it wasn't the people waiting to get married.
Oh my god.
It was a very hot one guys.
God bless them.
Yeah, it was a hot, that guy he looks almost human right there with a little clone beard.
I mean, seriously, look at those two dikes.
I mean, you know, and even this reporter looks like he might float a little bit.
They all look like, well, so who cares?
Look there's a lot of people.
There's that one, a gook.
I mean, Chinese kid.
Chinese kid is going to hop on that good looking kid with a toot gun.
He's got his toot.
Maybe he's from Canada.
Maybe he's from Canada.
Maybe he's from Canada.
Probably would have come here and done it.
Third one.
He's been able to be legally married.
We've been wedded for 10 years.
He's been wed for 10 years.
He's been wed for 10 years.
And the weight will continue.
We'll be together the rest of our lives.
And this is just another day for him.
Yeah, what's it to you all?
You idiots out there.
All you religious, that's what the Bible says.
Yeah, the Bible says people ought to be slaves too.
Okay, do this to your slaves.
Do that to your slaves.
And women belong in a kitchen, barefoot, and pregnant.
So your mama.
All these idiots, these religious crazy people.
Leave everybody also alone.
Stop it of a lonely.
Clean up your own act, especially you catlicks out there.
When all you're fricking, chivalrous and priest and worrying about altering boys.
Shame on you.
Point in the finger.
WQA and hello.
And that's another one of the deals.
He says, wow, you know, the church had the religious organizations have a right.
The church of the synagogue.
Well, fine and screw them.
This has nothing new with the church or the senior argument by his religion.
It's a civil thing.
It's a piece of paper.
That's all.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I knew.
First of all, I like to start off by saying I hate George like poison.
Okay.
I like to make a proposal to do Michael's please for myself.
Okay, 5,670560 sounds like I'm next made in heaven.
Then it's time to do.
Sure, yeah, whatever.
Sounds like a winner to me.
He's an asshole.
Okay, we'll just calm down now, Druzy.
5,670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget to vote for our heart couples contest.
I'm not going to look at it again for a while.
Don't look at it.
We're like 2500 votes, something like that.
Let it be a little more.
They're pouring in.
I guarantee you by the time we sit down here tomorrow.
Something will happen.
WQA and hello.
Not there.
QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is it Neil?
Sounds like me.
Hey, Neil.
First time call a long time.
Listen.
All right.
Hey, I wanted to throw something by.
I just saw a movie this weekend that I might be interested.
It's pretty good.
I don't think it ever made it to the theater.
It's called Wonderland.
Never heard of it.
With Val Kilmer playing John Holmes.
Really?
Yeah, it's about the murders that happened on Wonderland Avenue.
How do you say it is?
Is Val Kilmer up to the job or does he have a stunt penis like R.K.R?
They never got to that.
They never got to that.
Thank God.
Yeah, but it's a very excellent movie.
I got it from Hollywood video.
I switched over from a lackluster video.
Excellent.
Good thinking.
Four up that card.
Okay, well, catch the movie.
It's real good.
And keep the good work up.
I'll go try to find it and the movie too.
Thanks, Pally.
Wonderland with Val Kilmer.
He's a pretty good actor.
Yes.
You don't like Val Kilmer?
I like Val Kilmer a lot.
He played in the doors.
Right?
He didn't look like Jim Morrison to me, but nevertheless, he was also in...
He's in a million things.
Batman?
Yeah.
What else?
He was in a lot of movies.
No, no, no.
Pretty good.
Willow.
I mean...
But the question obviously is...
Is he up to the job?
The job movie is really good.
John Holmes had to be one of the most grotesque human...
And I used the word human loosely.
Man, he was nasty.
Yeah.
In fact, great.
In fact, when you think back to the early days of Pornow, and you think to the Harry Reams...
Oh, no, I'm...
Ron Jeremy.
Ron Jeremy and John Holmes and...
Oh, my God.
And who...
I'm trying to think of some of the other names.
There was a...
Oh, Jimmy Gillis?
Okay.
Wow.
Woo!
Right.
And again, because most of the people that were watching that stuff were guys, and they didn't give a crap about what the guys looked like.
They only cared about the hot chicks.
Like, bandy woods.
I don't care what anybody says.
Okay, I know it's old, and dates me and all that stuff.
Bandy woods was flawless, man.
Okay, I forgot what she looked like.
Wow.
You better go out and get Debbie does Del Rey.
Immediately if not sooner.
Okay, I think they haven't kissed.
And they made a big deal about Janet Jackson's booby.
Oh, my God.
The whole thing with football or selling the cheerleaders, they're selling sex.
They're selling booze, man.
Maybe other spot is another booze.
They're worried about horses farting.
And Janet Jackson's booby parting.
Come on.
Good thing they're not selling violence.
Oh, thank God for that.
Wouldn't that be bad if they were out there banging a crap out of each other and guys are getting carried off the field and the stretchers with concussions.
And broken necks and all of these things.
Oh, see, I didn't get it.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, that's too difficult to do.
All of these things.
To do that every time.
It takes the requires about a little work.
You have to lift it up a little bit.
The problem that it's the past known at 560 and it's like Todd, direct.
He don't want to do too much work.
In fact, he don't want to do any work.
And believe you me, there's a God that's really living up to his desires.
He does nothing.
You can't complain about the job Todd does because he isn't doing nothing, including for his clients.
I think one of these days I'm going to call our friends at Fast Train and tell them, why don't you guys get a real agent
and see and get a real estate AE because he's just a piece of turd, man.
He's just the worst.
He makes my skin quiver.
Todd, direct.
In fact, you know the guy that was examining the feces of the species?
Yeah.
He ought to check out Todd, direct.
Then he'll find out what it really looks like and smells like.
Anyway, if your job really sucks, if you're not making a paycheck that's worth anything,
here's the answer.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train and get you a brand new computer career
and start having a big fat one in a paycheck too.
In just four short months, Fast Train can help you get a new high-paying computer career
and don't forget the demand for computer professionals continues growing like Topsy, like Crazy.
Who the hell was Topsy?
Who?
Remember Topsy Part 2?
Yeah.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train toll free at 1-866 Fast Train.
With seven locations, there's bound to be a Fast Train campus nearby you.
In fact, their campus is probably bigger than you win.
Fast Train offers a job placement financial assistance for people to qualify.
With day-night weekend classes, there's no excuse, no more would have stayed a crappy day than a job.
Working for peanuts for some schmuck who don't care about you.
Like I said, in just four short months, you can really change your life and have a career,
some skills, and a paycheck that goes with having it.
Check them out on the web at fasttrained.com and then make that call once and for all.
1-866 Fast Train.
My life and lookals, this is 4-trail by 60.
We win, we win.
Please.
It's delicate.
And just as that happened, my computer froze up too.
I think we're in suspended animation.
I might get people nervous.
Oh my god.
How about another Jesus song?
The he-ha, God for what's up?
The labor is so hard and the workers are so tired.
They are very hard so we're earning far less.
All right.
And they find we're getting anxious to be in that happy land.
Where will you receive such peace and happiness?
Way to live a long life.
There we go.
Jesus Christ.
There are so many wonderful Navis.
Jesus Christ.
I've given more days to get our loved ones in.
You've turned.
So I'm asking this question now.
This is a Melvian movie.
Passion is in the theaters, right?
I thought so.
So they're going to see a cold mountain or a cold ass or whatever you're going to go see.
How about going to see a passion?
No, I order.
I think somebody in this audience has seen it.
And the movie too.
And call it and tell us about how the Jews killed Jesus and stuff like that.
Didn't you?
How Pontius put out his pilot?
Yeah.
In fact, Pontius used to have a pawn pilot.
He was, I think, the first one.
Five, six, seven, oh, wait, I did the live spot.
Yeah.
Well, that's all I care about.
Did I do my part on my end?
I did my end.
That's it.
That's all I can do.
You did the right.
I'm talking about a few way.
I'm talking about an ass end.
I'm talking about a math studio in that place.
In that place.
All I can tell you, boys and girls, those of you who are expecting like a real radio show on a real radio station.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The many patients on work.
Exactly.
Same old tired crap.
Well, can't you guys ever get that plate?
No, we can't.
Because it's, it's bogus.
It's airs out.
In addition to which what is equipment guy to do with sports?
It has nothing to do with it, right?
Sports?
No.
Don't forget, by the way, the big O is going to be at the NFL Combine tonight, seven to ten.
Right.
The big O.
They do know about sports equipment.
I thought Combine was like a, like kind of a tractor.
Isn't it like a piece of farm equipment?
It's a, it's a combined piece of farming equipment that does variety of things.
But when you pull it behind the tractor, that's right.
So what they're going to do is they're going to chop up the big, in a combine tonight,
and scatter pieces of them all over the guy.
Probably take up two states before they hand stop your line.
There's enough time to go around.
Just like James Wood at the end of a once upon a time in America.
Remember that in the garbage truck?
Yeah.
And his zits were flying everywhere.
Wow.
I can just see, speaking of feces of the species.
Yeah, I'm having a problem.
My computer is not all kinds of stuff here, going strange.
Maybe we're under some kind of a computer.
And I agree with you.
There's internet cafes in every corner open 24 hours a day.
Sure.
We have them here.
Forward to pretty, but they were nice as can be.
I enjoyed it.
I was only there three days and I'm dying to go back.
And I went in the middle of January.
Why did you check out the underground city there?
Did you go underground?
Yeah, that brings you up into the DKY building.
Will Subway lead you to it?
It's just unbelievable, man.
There's a whole city underground in Montreal.
And thank God, because the weather there just blows.
I mean, it's just freezing there.
Yeah, but there's people all over the place.
That's another thing.
It gets down here to 60 and people bring out their fur coats.
Well, the people there are under 70.
They start getting panicky.
Yeah, I mean, I, I, and I got to smoke out the cubancy guards I wanted to.
Right.
And another thing.
We turn on the TV and they have George Carlin on uncensored.
My wife looks at me and goes, what's going on?
And I go, welcome to civilization.
Right, amen.
Yeah, no, but you were right.
You got to go up the canter if you want to get out of the cell.
I'll see you up on cheerle.
All righty, bye-bye.
See you.
Okay.
Yeah, what?
Okay, what?
We got the spots.
We got spots.
Yeah.
And I don't play no drum roll, because I want to hear the spots.
Yeah, we're not going to do anything just right now.
Right here.
Right.
Why do you like that echo?
I'm going to have to.
All right.
The way I move around when I go through, I go to my movements number two.
I'm the toilet seat, I swing and swing, to the mountain beach, the radio play.
Yes, knowing how to load, and I'm off to the young one thing, I got to do a little bit of paper.
So lie me, why can't make my hiding night and be?
Rack them.
I don't have to push, I need control, when I move inside the side, I'm the toilet pole.
I never have to spray, it comes out holes, it looks a little like us to zero.
I just wait to the left, it's way to the right, watching you change, and I'll tell you why.
I don't see all you burning calories, but you never ever get a big red ring.
That's why, big black guys, we can't use the exercise, you have enough fun.
When they do, give the bomb move, moving number two.
Hey, look at me, Alice, I'm doing a man, but, hey, I know it.
I'm going to take away all the heat, get up and stop it.
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up.
Somebody oughta paint your Tories ball spot before it's too late, 23 pass, noon at 5.60 WQAM.
642 votes on the pole, is this amazing, it's not even 12.30 yet.
It's amazing.
What's in these applies to you?
I voted for Gore in 2000, I'm going to vote for Kerry, at least once, 393 votes, 61.2%.
I voted for Bush in 2000, I will again, 78, only 12.1% George.
Good.
Is that the payroll's wife there that blonde?
Already.
Yes, powerful and it is?
Yeah.
How do you like that?
So, this room is about him and Derek Jeter may only be partially true.
Let's see, I didn't vote in 2000, but will in 2004, 63.
I'm too stupid of about 37.
I voted for Bush in 2000, I'll vote for Kerry, 36.
5.6% voted for Bush last time, voting for Kerry this time.
Hey Rod says.
I'm going to be here.
I voted for Nader, but this time, Kerry 21.
I voted in 2000, but not this year.
Oh, look at that, bunch of style pushes.
I voted for Nader, but this time, Bush 4.
And I'm not old enough to vote one, one punk who's laying out.
So, that's what we got so far.
And of course, you know, the Wisconsin voting is going on right now.
Now, don't you think that, because Kerry's 20 points ahead in the polls, he's going to kick ass.
It's unlikely that Dean's even going to come in second.
Edwards is going to come in second.
Now, don't you think, just if he has any, I mean, even the tiniest amount of class in his ass,
don't you think it's time for Howard to say goodbye?
It's time.
No, I'm sorry.
I prefer Howard to say goodbye.
No, what about Howard Dean?
So, Howard and his kid.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, I'm calling for the new show.
Speaking, man.
New Roger?
Yes.
Oh, I'm listening on the radio.
Don't listen on the radio.
You're very confused.
Okay, okay.
Here was a dial tone on the phone.
One of the few girls that listen to you, you said that you don't have women.
We have no ladies.
Well, you do.
I have a couple of friends that listen to you show a fight a girl from the mine.
Tell me about it.
How you like that?
Well, when I vote for the first one, I've voted for Gore and I'm voting for Carey.
Only this time twice.
Exactly.
To make sure, right?
Right.
You know what's your pause there?
But don't mock your run.
Understand you've got to vote twice just to make sure.
I know.
I know.
We do have to re-sucutate the dead to go and vote.
That is correct.
Like they do in other places.
And also to charge, wait until the movie comes out on video.
I didn't think it was that great.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Congratulations, guys.
Thank you.
I'll trust her.
Yeah, just the wait.
I mean, what he's doing.
What he's doing.
He's looking at...
Who was it?
He was all excited about the movie?
The movie.
He's all excited.
He's all excited.
He's all excited.
Well, Josh seems to have a hot bride in her.
He knows who that is.
He knows who it is.
She's famous.
Never heard of her.
The girl in Jerry McGuire.
Never saw Jerry McGuire.
Does Jerry McGuire seem like the kind of movie that I would watch?
Sports movie.
Oh, good.
God, it's enough to make me gag.
Oh, that's right.
It's a sports movie.
Josh has to see that since home of his home.
Play 7.5.
Right now in the 5.60 W.
I'm sure that the other Josh probably takes...
Takes him maybe to sit on his lap during the movie.
Androx Diabetic is a truly delicious meal replacement drink that happens to be made for people living with diabetes.
But anybody who is tired of all that sugar man can drink it and enjoy it.
Androx Diabetic is sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar, but it's your ain't sugar man.
No got another calorie crap.
So there's no aftertaste like you eat with aspertainment saccharine either.
Reconvicted by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big fat ass curry.
Androx Diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life plus fiber and the oxidants.
Yet it's low in saturated fat and low in cholesterol too.
Androx Diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free.
It's an 8 ounce can with 237 calories to easily digest.
Great nutrition.
Try androx Diabetic once.
You'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before.
Pick it up. It's all over town now because more and more people are not going out the door for it.
Pick it up at Sedano's, Navarro's, Echards, Publix, Walgreens, CBS, other local pharmacies or if you'd like to try it for free you can do that by making one easy call or going online.
If you'd like a free two pack, 1 vanilla, 1 chocolate, just call 1-866-368-3739.
Be sure and tell me that Neil sent you for the delicious one.
Get an additional special gift test for having the cajon's to mention my name or online if you'd like to order.
Androx Diabetic.com click on free samples.
Here's that toll free number again for your free two pack.
1-866-368-3739.
My life and local, this is Fort Real by City, UAAM.
I'm banging the butt, honey.
Okay.
I'm going to get a free.
I'm going to get a free.
I was depressed, feeling lonely.
Or said I found me a winner.
It is me.
It is me.
It is me.
I had the quote as far as I was like the creature.
I'll get the legacy, you'll have sex with me.
And I hate that I got so mean, only for an again.
For an again girls are brainless wonders,
because they're in drummers, you'll sorehead these drugs.
There you go, angel, that you like her.
Even though you're a laser in a liar,
then you're gonna spend some time in between your legs.
Oh my god.
If you wanna get your hands in her arms,
just say you talk to Jesus today.
I can't believe that you're gonna get me.
Play, life's really gonna be awful.
Right now I'm getting faded,
as in all the sex I've ever done it.
You wanna go out of the ordinary, you're revival.
You're trying to girl, let's pretend I'm not a bible.
I know I'll wait you in the lake very easily.
I always like a pony, only for an again.
Play, life's a pony, only for an again.
Play, life's a pony, only for an again.
Three pieces left.
The 12.3327.1560 WQM.
Mad Dog at two, the Humphord at four, in the studio in the last,
seven of ten, and I have got a big extravaganza man,
the big NFL Combine,
Eddie C. Atonjiw and Mark overnight.
I don't even like saying that.
The NFL Combine, I feel unclean, say, pro.
Combine, Combine, Combine,
Combine this and Combine that,
what do you got?
You got a bunch of crap.
Oh, speaking of that, I guess, not as a good time for this story.
Gene injections in rats can double muscle strength and speed researchers have found raising
concerns that the virtually undetectable technology could be used to illegally build
super athletes.
A university of, I mean, make those steroids pass A. The University of Pennsylvania
researchers seeking waste to treat illness at studies in rats show muscle mass strength
and endurance can be increased by injections of a gene manipulated virus that goes to
muscle tissue and causes a rapid growth of cells.
The things we're developing with diseases in mind could one day be used for genetic enhancement
of athletic performance.
Lee Swini said yesterday at the National Meeting of the American Association for the
Advancement of Science, which of course means witchcraft and the devil.
Sports officials said the gene therapy has the potential to be trained the very essence
of sports athletes using their natural talents and training to compete.
Tom Murray of the Hastings Center said it would be like allowing an athlete to compete
in the Boston marathon wearing roller blades.
But what's wrong with that?
It'd be kind of fashionable.
Sure.
Performance enhancing drugs have been concerned in sports and gene therapy has the potential
to if Emerald will pardon us, kick it up a notch.
Said Murray, well, I hate Emerald, man, like boys that can't stand him.
Damn.
Do you like Emerald?
Are you kidding me?
He has a restaurant there that I understand really sucks, too, as a matter of fact.
What's the restaurant he's gotten south for?
I don't know.
Emerald's restaurant sucks.
No, no, sir, I hear it really sucks.
Anyway, Murray says it makes the challenges greater controlling performance enhancing measures.
He has no doubt athletes will be in touch with Swini when they learn of his research.
Swini said already that half the emails he receives are from athletes or sports trainers.
How do you like that?
Gene therapy looms as an even more serious threat than drugs for performance enhancement in the
60s, 80s, 90s, etc.
I ain't like that.
So forget about Jose Cansoco.
Forget about Barry Bond.
Forget about Little Pansy steroids.
We're going to talk about like Bill Bitsby.
Right.
The incredible bulk genetic manipulation thing.
Right.
I was speaking to Moron.
Are you better off today than you were four years ago?
No.
Hell no.
5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
That's it on the phone so I guess I'm going to go back to all my stuff here. 5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8,
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
It's nice to look at on a picture postcard. Oh, that's beautiful, okay? Go do a spy report. No. I'll go back to Bob Fiorlake. The other guy said, I'll go underground. Maybe the good looking people are all hiding underground. You just take the crane right across. WQA, hello. WQA, hello. Speak with me, sir. Yes. Neil? Yes. Neil, how you doing, buddy? Okay, pal.
Hey, listen, I've been watching the TNA news now with the new gate things. Actually, people... The gate thing? But yeah, you know, they gave the get a marry up there. Yeah, it really grossed me out when I'm a liberal guy. Yeah, and I sound like it liberal Cuban guy. I am. I have nothing against gate people, but you know, thing down on TV. I don't think it's appropriate. Well, turn on the comedy channel. Okay. It's not appropriate to see them. Fags get married on TV. That's best. Firstly, it wants to kiss you on lips. And I would tend to agree with them. Those clothes.
I did not say that to you this morning before the show. Yes. I don't want to see a bunch of silly-ass clones. They don't represent me. I mean, that's what they are. Okay, fine. Although they could do a little work on a mustache and a haircut. But, uh, oh, man, with the open mouth kissing and the tongues and the squeezing of the crotch is to it. It's a little bit. Okay, don't go overboard. Don't get too carried away. But it is San Francisco. All right. So they're used to it. 19 to one. How many straight people are there in San Francisco? If your carpets look about 30 years old, here's the answer for you.
Don't go out and spend a ton of money getting new carpet because of Christian Armand, a leg. Call my good friends and drive concepts. And you wouldn't even think about calling anybody else if you got a brain because they are simply the best in the business that bringing the deadest, most hopeless looking carpets back to life when they get done track cleaning your carpets, which is exactly what they do. Your carpets look brand new. They smell lemony fresh. They're grinded a couple of hours. And it's just like you had brand new laid right there on your floor. They're vibrant and color soft to the touch. They last longer and stay clean longer as well. So don't go open up the yellow pages.
And plan Russian will let with your expensive carpeting trusted to our good friends at dry concepts. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job. No scams, no rip offs, no games. In fact, you can save even more when you call dry concepts. Tell them to put you understand by list, which can save you an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Call them today. I've been using in my homes for over 20 years. They'll never let you down. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or log on to their website at dryconcepts.com.
They're the local cities five cities. They're the reason for your company. QAM.
And now, a word from Howard Dean's wife.
Say hello there. Hand Doctor Julius Steinberg.
Why for president who covered it? How it didn't? You can call me Judy.
Not Judge Judy. That's a different risket. People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howie. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make crap a bit and I look like a shane of punas.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much Yiddish. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of misogas. For those of you who don't take a piece of Yiddish, that means crap.
How is a good guy though? He's watching my call. I lose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket.
The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were gone in the corners of his mouth. Even the sugar. I spent 23 years with the shagots. Most of the time he's a man. But on occasion, I hate him.
I think my husband Howie would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little p.o. about is that Howie doesn't let us have a TV.
I want to watch Sex in the City. I get a schlep down to campaign headquarters or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I'm no Jackie Kennedy.
Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, Gazagazont, that's Yiddish for that to do the Steinberg over and out.
Paid for by the committee to elect John Kerry president 1247 at 560 W. Creme. There is a God. I remember I was talking last week about Larry Flint and the story about the Bush Paid for abortion. Right, in Texas. No, don't tell me it's back.
New York Daily News in their daily dish column. It says activist rocker, Moby raised Republican hackles last week when he advised president Bush's enemies to engage in political mischief.
Moby told my fellow Gossips Russian Maloy. For example, you can go to all the pro-life chat rooms and say you're an outraged right-wing voter and that you know the George Bush drove an ex-girlfriend to an abortion clinic and paid for it to get an abortion.
Now the incorrigible Larry Flint says he plans to market a Bush abortion story as genuine in a book to be published this summer by Kensington Press.
This story has got to come out the wheelchair bond hustling magazine told the Daily News's quirky cement co that's a there's a lot of hypocrisy in the White House about this whole abortion issue. Flint claimed that Bush arranged for the procedure in the early 70s.
I've talked to the woman's friends. Flint said I've tracked down the doctor who did the abortion. I tracked down the Bush people arranged for the abortion. I got the story nailed. He said.
Is this incredible or what? That's incredible answering my prayers. But Flint wouldn't disclose whether he plans to name the woman.
And remember it, let's be last week from Republican National Chairman. Oh, there's going to be a story that they're going to be they're going to be smearing us with this story abortion story.
Right because it's true because we heard about it four years ago, but not quite in time. That was another lifetime ago before I found you.
Nice going Larry Flint. You go boy. Not too fast though. So let it cheer down. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Here's another good thanks for my Sergio says how come our commander in thief at the Yahoo Daytona's time to do that for a photo op. But he's too busy to make it any of the 532 different funerals from our soldiers in Iraq. Excellent point is usual Sergio. You go right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, paly? Speak to me. Please speaking. Hey, no, how are you? Okay. That was a shocker. Let me say that this country.
Every day I live in it and all the things I hear it makes me envy you when I hear you talking from Toronto. Yeah, because when I hear the polls regarding people again, you know, they marriage.
Who gives a fine crap exactly what individual decide to do? You know, we got a murking kids dying every day in Iraq or an award being thought that was.
It started based on lies and these people are worried about whether gay people are going to have a piece of paper that says that they're legally married. Who the hell are these people screwed in the head or what?
Yes. I mean, I also just saw the movie for the first time bowling for Columbine. Right. And you hear about the countries that have. That's like gun every year. And you hear about your pan 39.
Canada may be 150 England 89 Australia 67 right. We got 11,127. If they would put the priorities in order in this country, maybe we could divide.
You know, you're lucky. Pal, for us all, but I'll see you at the border. All right. See it. The old peace bridge piece on it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We're not going to make a thousand votes. Now they're slow right now. Oh,
to crawl. Well, they're just not that that motivated. It's not one of those big deals that only has to do with the election. 716, which of these applies to you?
I voted for a Gore 720 voted for Gordon 2000. I'm going to vote for Kerry this time 60.8% 438. I voted for Bush in 2000. Well, again, 87 12% don't confuse me with the facts.
I didn't vote in 2000. Well, in 2004 74. I voted for Bush in 2000. I'll vote for Kerry now 42 almost 6%. I'm too stupid to vote. 41. I voted for Nader, but this time for Kerry 24. I voted in 2000, but I want this year nine. I voted for Nader, but this time Bush for another enough to vote that one punk.
And don't forget. Nader is going to run again. Not on the green party, but on the desperate part and the ego party. There you go.
What is wrong with you, Mr. Nader? Oh, and now I tried I tried to print something out before about five times. It wouldn't print. Now all of a sudden it decided, OK, now's the time to print. You ever do that? All the time. Oh, my God, just pages and pre. Well, oh, gee, I just tore it up again. It's that thing about Larry Flynn.
Republican National Committee chairman Ed Gillespie who in a speech last week accused Kerry campaigns supporters, not just mobile of hatching internet chat room scheme was unavailable for comment and Flint charges, but they already tried to nip that one in the blood by talking about it. Oh, yeah, they're going to come up with this cock and maybe rumor about how the president got a woman pregnant and paid for abortion and drove her to the abortion clinic. It's true.
At least so that's what Larry Flynn told us back in 2000 in the fall 2000 right before the election. If we'd had another two weeks, just another couple of weeks.
Could have laid that right out there for America to see maybe they wouldn't have been able to steal the election. Speaking of violence, Dutch hell's angels found shot dead in the stream.
The old yellow stream. Dutch police have launched a murder investigation after discovering the bullet riddled bodies of three hell's angels in the stream in the Southern Netherlands. How do you like that?
Neagle on the bodies of the members of the nomads, hell's angels club and or speak near must drink where we treat from a stream at act in Lindbergh province on Friday after they went missing from their clubhouse on Wednesday.
All three have been shot several times. Police say just to make sure one of the victims, the yesterday is pooled of rees 54 was president of the nomads, one of several Dutch clubs and other victim in his 30s was playing the married to rees daughter.
The bikers had to be buried tomorrow in the Southern city of Cittard with hell's angels from all across your perspective to what's end. What is that all about? Can you please explain that to me? Explain what?
The nomads website was the hell's angels. The nomads website was offline yesterday, but dozens of messages of condolences have been submitted to the websites of other Dutch hell's angels clubs.
Lindbergh police said there was no indication they had died as a result of gang warper, but admitted that a motive hadn't been identified. No event reactions were expected and police have not increased surveillance of the hell's angels group at this time.
Despite this, German police are monitoring two club houses in Versen and Willock according to the ANP news agency.
It's not the first time hell's angels have died violently in needle-ons, a well-known member of the club Sam Klepper.
Sam Klepper was gunned down in 2000 in a killing which triggered violence between rival gangs. There may go again with the bluds and the crypts and the east coast rappers and the west coast rappers.
Yeah. Several hell's angels were also shot dead in the brothel just outside Amscheddom and others arrested for firearms offenses. The hell's angels also popular in Germany and Scandinavia were founded in the west in 1948.
Members ride powerful motorcycles in sport a skull logo on their leather jackets. The organization has an estimated 2500 members around the world, including Jazz McCay. I'm sure.
It's main Dutch brands in Amscheddom refused to come at yesterday and the Nomads Clubhouse in Orsbeek was reported to be surrounded by men armed with clubs, clubs and bats.
Just to be sure. Just to be honest, safe set. Although clubs and bats quite frankly, don't combat those bullets too well. It's hard to combat bullets with a bat. No one will say?
You have to be a really good hitter. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. How are Dean to stay to say goodbye? Come on. Let's hear it. What's wrong with this man beside the ugly wife? WQA him. Hello.
Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. Hey, I wanted to call you. Did you hear about the woman that got arrested in Texas?
You mean the porno shop? Yeah. For selling a dildo. Yeah. Can you believe that? Sure. Tess is married. What she called it. Right. And told people what to use it for. I mean, if you want a business and you're selling a product, I just want to tell people what it's for.
I should have told them it's an ornament to have around the house. Stick in the drawer and keep it handy. You know, I'm sure George knows about this also. Just like when you go into a smoke shop, it's not a bong. It's a water pipe.
Water pipe, sir. Can you point me some Mickey and Eisner? Okay. Thanks. Howdy. You got him on. All right. A way Disney said no to come to a Comcast. Good. Well, I mean, no. They said no so far, but then they said just up the antie.
I'll say yes. It'll have the antie. Just give me a little more cash and we'll say, okay. It's not a matter of it. It's just a question of when. Just like when Remember has the next hockey show on this station this summer.
You know who's going to be the first one out. I'm not. Yeah, I'll be gone. They've been trying to unload his ass anyway. Now that Comcast will buy it up. I'm not. He'll be gone. See the thing. I don't feel too sorry for those people because a lot of these guys have been making millions and millions.
If they don't like, you know, stashed a little bit of a way under the mattress somewhere. Tough city, right? Right. Please. For pay ride. Let's take a collection for him. He's got to take a little bit of a pay decrease. They're going to play for the jankies and then make it a big solid. They should take baseball and ban it.
Baseball should be banned. You know, the Marlins won a World Series. That's probably never going to happen again. They won it twice in just six years. That's that's it. Now get rid of it. Say goodbye to it.
So these crazy insane salaries. Mike pizza. That screamer. He's getting like 13 million a year or was. What's that all about? Can you tell me? No. Mass madness. Lunacy. And most of these places. In fact, what they can do is nobody show up in any of the other stadiums. Just in the Yankee Stadium. They can just pack the joint.
They can be packing it every night. 1257. I think we got a shot at a thousand. Now we got seven. Huh? Yes. We do. Yes. We got 750, which means we need 250 votes in that big one to two hour.
We got to put on the big push.
We're sports video five six. You. A. M.
Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
Don't I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. I said hello. It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir. You're freaking telling me. No, I'm not. I'm not David Kelly. Call me every three minutes. Why did we move the practice? Sir, you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you why you must have misunderstood me. No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey. Listen, but wipe on the boss. I make the decisions. You take the heat. Right. You move the practice. Okay. How we going with it anyway?
I am. Hold on. Reminds. Yeah, but shot the hell up. I'm on the phone, Reminds. Hi there. Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you. I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and Michael Jackson. Call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Reminds. Get any of us. Stop it, Reminds. I'm going to call a boss. Stop calling the boss, Reminds. Reminds. It looks into my hand, Reminds. That's your penis, boss. My other hand, Reminds. That's a phone, boss. Right. I can't hear anything, Reminds. Stop calling the boss. Sorry.
I did. Sir, sir, the moves are working out very well. The practice is fourth and it's time. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What
What? What? What? What? What? What is ourentropasonitjekkenik gibiвед? What is ourentropasonitjek
I'm popping down, fly to fly. I'm the puppet master.
I swear it, you do it. Now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like you.
Puppet master, me!
Oh!
We did it!
We did it!
Yes, we did it!
What the hell are you doing now?
It's in the floor, boss.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus! What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remus!
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remus. Get out!
Get out!
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
104 at 560 WQM.
We got the Mad Dog coming to 2-1-2, the Humpred 4.
And then the big O-1.
Oh!
7.69, see we're not going to make it anywhere near a thousand, you want to know why?
Why?
Because I didn't threaten them.
I...
I'm not going to do that today.
That's bad.
I'll do it tomorrow.
Okay.
Bush shall plan to ban gas-editive action-benefit-ed big GOP donors in the chemical industry.
That's got to be an aberration, right?
Right.
Like those child molesting priests.
The Bush administration quietly shelved their proposal to ban a gasoline-editive
that contaminates drinking water in many communities, helping an industry that donated more than
a million dollars to Republicans.
The EPA's decision-hatted origin in the early days of President Bush's tenure, when
his administration decided not to move ahead with a Clinton-air regulatory of effort,
to ban the cleaner-editive-methal, tertiary-butyl-eathor, or M-T-B-E.
I like M-T-B-E myself.
The proposed regulation said the environmental harm of the additive, leaching into the groundwater,
overshadowed its beneficial effects to the air.
The Bush administration decided to leave the issue to Congress where it's been bogged
down by a proposal to shield the industry from some lawsuits.
That initiative, of course, is being led by House Majority Leader, the anxious, Tom
Delay, Republican of Texas.
And don't forget, leave your deal-lows at home in Texas.
Tragic.
Like I said, divide the country in the section.
That's the only answer for it.
That thing about Larry Flint.
Didn't I just mention that the other day wouldn't it be great if he came out with a story?
Just yesterday, I think.
And now, he's not going to have a story.
He's going to write a book this summer just in time for the election, just like the cocaine
and the booze and the DUIs.
That was a lifetime ago.
I found it.
Come in, is it?
Yeah.
Now, this story here, it just makes me sick to my stomach.
See, there's one thing that American society doesn't matter with septin.
That is this.
There's no cure for pedophiles.
Yeah.
What about it?
All those guys who are doing their 10 to 20 for having a pin joint in their ass tray,
let them out and make some room or have some kind of an institution or some kind of an
island, right?
Like Alcatraz.
And send the pedophiles there and they can molest each other.
Like Antarctica.
A convicted sex offender from Boynton Beach was arrested Sunday accused of molesting
three girls and two boys at a birthday party, Sheriff's official said, Stephen Loomis,
40 of Meadows Drive, inappropriately touched some of the children and showed them a pornographic
video said Sheriff spokesman Diane Carrhart.
He was at a children's party about 18 months ago when the incident happened.
The allegations were reported to a Sheriff's deputy who then turned over the case of the
Special Investigations Unit.
Loomis was charged with capital sexual battery on a child younger than 12, showing obscene
material to a minor and four counts of ludar lacivius molestation.
Loomis, here comes the best part.
Loomis pleaded guilty in 1996 to two counts of committing a ludac act on in his former
on children's former book in neighborhood.
He had been accused of bodily four of his daughter's friends, three girls and a boy whose
ages range from six to eight.
He was sentenced to three months in jail, a year of house arrest and three years of probation.
So you have to wonder what is he doing at a birthday party with kids?
Obviously a lot.
Carrhart reminded parents that the FDA LE website lists sex offenders in their registered
addresses.
We also encourage people if there's any sort of inappropriate action by an adult to keep
the lines of communication up on what your children Carrhart said.
Loomis remained in the Palm Beach County jail without bond.
Ain't going to change.
Petaphiles are petaphiles.
You can ship them around like the church did and all they're going to do is molest
somebody else's kids.
And the same with this.
Well, I don't know.
They give three months in jail and one years probation.
Heavy duty.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Marvellous Line.
WQA hello.
Yeah, I can talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil, how are you today?
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, I'm relocating back up north and I just wanted to call and thank you for
all the fun times.
I enjoyed while my briefs spent down here and I'll be listening to you on the internet
whenever I can.
Where are you going?
New Jersey.
Oh, well, nothing's perfect.
Yeah, I know.
Well, make my way back up north.
But, you know, well, it's a nice area of New Jersey if there is such a thing.
At least it's close to some civilized places anyway.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, that might be an offy more on a nice place in New Jersey.
It doesn't smell too much there so I guess you can take what you can get.
Exactly.
But I just wanted to thank you for all the entertainment that you provided me while
it's down here.
Okay, best of luck, pal.
I'll see you in ten of five.
All right.
All right.
See in Atlanta City at the casino with all of them old coppers, man.
Oh, hey, bus loads and bus loads.
They ship them in, man.
Old coppers and sparses from Philadelphia and New York.
Ship them into Atlantic City.
Don't ever go there.
No, thank you.
It's the only only place I've ever been in my life, I think, that I've the whole time
I was there.
I had my hand on my wallet.
But I'm serious.
I had my hand on my ass.
I mean, every, you know, places I've had my hand on somebody else's ass.
Yeah.
But at this place, I had my hand on my own ass just making sure that that waller was
in it.
Right in there.
Just going around like that.
They just all just got a jam up right where you're close and tight, you know.
We're going to make a 900, you think?
I'm not, you know, whatever we get, we'll get.
That's all great because we got over 12.
I should give this over 2600 votes on a hot couples contest.
Monica and Brian, 558.
Come on, Monica.
Sarah and Sean, 378.
It's nice to share.
Jesse and Jeffrey, 241.
Karen and Joe, 213.
Jazeela Rick got 173.
Carmen and Carlos, 155.
And Aaron and Brandon, Brandon?
I can't be my own writing.
A Bradenton, 141.
Whatever your name is.
Whatever his name.
Whatever his name.
141.
Those are the ones that are over 100 right now.
But a long way to go.
The whole thing closes out 155 on Friday.
So be sure and vote like a hell of a lot.
And they are.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Is this to vote?
This is to vote.
Yes, ma'am.
I will vote.
I voted for Gore.
And I will vote.
Who members of Democrat is?
Oh, right.
Two or three times.
What, dear?
I said, have a great day.
You too.
Thanks.
Bye.
She's voting for whoever the Democrats put in there.
Okay?
Heinrich Himmler, Martin Borman, Rudolph Hess, anybody.
And I agree with her.
Anybody be a big improvement over what we got now.
Can you even begin to imagine how they must be piddling in their pants?
I mean, you know, they tried to think with Kerry in the intern.
You know, they threw their crap up against the wall.
Didn't stick.
No.
Not even close.
Didn't even make like a little, just a little tiny ripple.
You know, they're going to lose and they know it.
Probably Kerry popped a little bit of a vacuum.
Roy here and there.
But that was about it.
And now, if all of this stuff were to cocaine, you know, it's so easy to say, well, I was
another lifetime.
You know, when you got a guy who's got his head on the nuclear button number, a nuclear
I'm sorry, nuclear buyer number one, and who sent a kid off to be a butchered in war
and killing people all over around the world and who's surrounded by a bunch of neo-con
hawk lunatics, chicken hawks.
Yeah, then you better really know what you're dealing with.
Including that funny military record, including the abortion if that story is true.
And I have the reason to doubt it because this is the second time around for it.
And remember when your close personal friend, Al, told us that the Larry Thumb was getting
ready to pop it right.
I guess the woman, yeah, they must have gotten to her or whatever the hell happened.
Yeah, something we don't want to speculate.
Maybe the header like a hose down somewhere just till after the election was over.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but that's going to be just that'll be it.
That'll be the end of finito because can you imagine all the all the right wing
religionists out there?
Oh my God, an abortion holy crap.
No, you don't get it.
It's not going to mean a thing to them.
Why do you say that?
That was a lot of time ago.
I hadn't found Jesus staying.
Well, that's right.
That's before I found Jesus.
Yeah, but a lot of the independence and other people who might be on the fence are going
to think holy crap.
What a hypocrite and what a liar.
What a phony baloney.
You could have eaten 100 children, 100 of their children.
I think you only did about 35.
Oh, 113 at 560 WQM when it comes to matrices America's leading brand is Celi.
The Celi posture p decline is famous all around the world for comfort and durability.
If you want rock bottom prices on the entire line of a brand new Celi posture pidis, don't
waste your time in those betting the departments through his waiting for special sales because
every day 365 days a year you'll get the best deal from our friends at Dalamakras.
Just at one easy call, do it for you.
1-800 mattress.
Dalamakras carried the complete line of Celi and now they're even easier to care for than
ever before because Celi's new line of posture pidis are just like the beast.
They never have to be flipped or rotated.
Just having said it up for you and enjoy years and years of comfort.
These beds are constructed to provide optimal comfort on the sleeping surface and they
last you for a hell of a long time.
So just call that toll free number right now, 1-800 mattress.
Talk to an expert betting consultant and enjoy the service ranked number one for overall
customer satisfaction.
With low prices same day, delivery free set up and removal is easy to see why our friends
at Dalamakras are ranked the best anywhere in customer satisfaction.
So enjoy a great night's sleep tonight and for years to come with a fantastic, unbeatable
Celi posture pidic from Dalamakras.
I've been doing it for years by my mattresses from these folks and now even George and
Bokobrine McGill and Fatboy are on the Badwagon.
They do the smart thing.
They make one easy call and sit back and on the rest wait for the deliver to come.
1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.com.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
2-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
3-800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.
5-670560.
You follow all that? Yes.
Good.
5-60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line. WQAIM Hello.
Hi. I need to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil. This is Gene.
I just want to let you know one of the reasons why we're not getting as many votes today.
Yes.
You have to change the boobs every day.
How about you, Pardon?
You have to change the picture of the boobs every single day.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you can't have the same one every day.
You know, because the guys that are, you know, they want to see something new.
No, well, we got the, how they bury.
The reason we left it up a second day is because yesterday was a holiday
and a lot of people might have been on vacation.
Now, we don't want to miss, how these buries.
Yeah, and you got so many people though yesterday, remember?
Yes, we did.
That was cool.
And also, another reason is, you know, you're encouraging everybody to vote twice
in the election this year.
We should be able to vote twice on our computers, too.
Okay, go ahead.
I can.
I thought you said something about the cookies, you know, and we can't vote twice.
Well, where does the world is?
Just eat a couple of cookies and see what happens there.
Okay.
Big of fresh.
Thanks.
Talk to the chip.
What?
Bake a fresh batch.
Come on with a fresh batch, okay?
Squirt, Squirt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
So what about that bill better?
A little bit of a gambling problem, mate.
Oi!
And now maybe like a little dominate, tricks problem?
That was before he fell to you.
Oh, it's so sweet when the shoe is on the other foot.
You know, and of course there were a lot of people speculating that this whole carry
intern thing just happened to blow at the time when the A-wall stuff was coming down, right?
The same weekend.
Could have been just a coincidence, right?
No chance.
No chance.
Highest try, mate.
You silly queen.
Let's see.
Which of these applies to you?
What do we got now?
800 and a semi, 840?
I voted for Gordon 2000.
I'll vote for Kerry 505.
I voted for Bush and 2000.
We'll again 105, 12 and a half percent.
Not too strong.
I didn't vote in 2000, but we'll in 2004, 86.
I voted for Bush in 2000.
I'll vote for Kerry this time, no 50.
I'm too stupid about 47, we believe you.
I voted for Nader this time, I'll vote for Kerry 26.
I voted in 2000, but I won't vote this year, 15.
I voted for Nader this time, I'll vote for Bush only four.
And I'm not old enough to vote.
We got a pair who are playing hooky.
Why, why, in local, here sports radio 560, you, a, u-a-m.
What a republic, baby, only in Miami.
Could the pleasures of eating ass lead to an untimely death?
I'm White Fort Lauderdale.
Join us tonight at 6 for part 1 of a probing channel
to an investigation into the dangers of eating ass.
Experts say it tastes like a penny, but some doctors say it.
Good spread disease.
After that disturbing look at eating ass, we'll have more condescending dips on how to raise children.
This is White Fort Lauderdale from Channel 10 U.
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
Filling in for the vacationing dot-no.
We have Channel 12 weatherman John Matthews.
Oh, hello everybody, I'm John Matthews.
Tomorrow's gonna be bright and sunny and happy with it.
Tubs will swim and the children will play.
Also, at 11, Kristy Groover takes us behind the scenes to show us which eye she actually uses to look in the camera.
The dangers of eating ass, pet story and more.
The very between our continuing series of tips on how to raise children.
Get our only on Channel 10 U.
Record.
138.560 WDQ.
I'm speaking about a student group at Roger Williams University is offering a new scholarship for which only White students are eligible.
Move they say it's designed to protest affirmative action.
Haven't I always said that?
What's wrong with that?
A new scholarship for White students only.
The application for the $250 award is an essay, requires an essay.
Why are you proud of your White heritage in a recent picture to confirm your whiteness?
Evidence of bleaching will disqualify applicants as the application issued by the University's College Republicans.
Jason Matira 20, who's president of the Geek College Republicans, said the group is parodying minority scholarships.
We think that if you want to treat someone according to character and how well they achieve academically, then skin color shouldn't really be an option.
He said many people think that coming from a White background you're automatically privileged, you're automatically rich, and your parents pay full tuition.
It's just not the case.
In fact, maybe there's some very deserving White, the young man in South Florida and Willie Williams.
What ever happened with Willie Williams?
Did we ever hear any more about that?
No.
How come that case just died, Josh? What all happened?
I don't know.
See?
Where the hell is Willie Williams?
Inquiry minds want to know.
Anyway, since the study has angered some of the University, but the administration is staying out of the fray the school's provost said it's a student group's initiative and not endorsed by Roger Williams University.
Matira, who's a Puerto Rican to set himself, is a recipient of a $5,000 scholarship open only to a minority group.
No matter what my ethnicity is, I'm making a statement that scholarships should be given out based on merit and need.
He said he told the Providence Journal and even though he's a Republican, in this case, I agree wholeheartedly.
His group took out a full, you see, it's not politically correct.
If he's supposed to be liberal or to the left of a till of a hunt, he just can't say that affirmative action is a bad thing. Well, guess what it is.
His group took out a full page ad in last week's issue. The University's student newspaper to tap the scholarship, which was for $50 until two donors came forward to add $100 each during the weekend, so now it's $250.
It's not the first brush with controversy for the group.
The school temporarily froze the Republicans' money in the fall during a fight over a series of articles published in its monthly newsletter.
One article leds that a gay rights group indoctrinated students into homosexual sex.
There you go. So they're not perfect.
You know, I put there good old Republicans is what they are. Just flexing their muscle and showing it off.
$567.0560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles Line.
70QM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Where is stage in the Palm Beach Post published a real interesting quote today.
I'd like to read if you don't mind it.
Is it short?
Yeah, is it short? Good.
Yeah, it's from Colin Powell's 1995 autobiography, my American journey.
And as you know, he was a Vietnam veteran. Here's the quote.
I am angry that so many of the sons of the powerful and well placed and so many professional athletes manage to wrangle plots and reserve a National Guard unit.
Right.
Of the many tragedies of Vietnam, this raw, clasp, discrimination strikes me as the most damaging to the ideal that all Americans are created equal and all allegiance to their country.
Absolutely correct.
Yeah, I saw that the other day, but it bears repeating.
It's beautiful.
He's just got convenient Alzheimer's, you know how that is.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
Just say to Colin Powell, oh, you know that asshole that love about the York.
What tell us his name?
The one that they have on the island?
Oh, the one that they have on the island.
It's more specific.
No, you know, the one the right wing or the one with the real heavy New York accent that was on it this morning.
Oh, what is that guy's name?
The begins with a B as in Bolshevik.
I don't know.
Yorkie, Nick York, handsome monitor, all the freaking time.
A real bush there.
Oh, a big patriotic guy.
I'm a centipart bush and you got to stick up with the troops and per bush and you got to buy, you know,
he's bush going to win the landslide and maybe they'll put Colin Powell on the ticket and that'll get him in.
What, where did they find his scumbags?
He won't think about New York, man.
There are a lot of wonderful people there, but there's also so many just those stereotypes typical slimy scumbaggy type of people.
Another one is that guard that the guardian angels guy.
What the hell is his name?
Curtis.
Sliewa.
Curtis.
Sliewa.
Sliewa.
There's another good one for you.
Never made a fascist he didn't like.
WQM.
Hello.
That line one has a serious problem, but it does work.
Let's hear it.
Haunted.
Huh?
It's haunted.
No, no, it is haunted and that is that it does the cutoff real fast and rings a few times and pfft like that.
Every time you pick it up there's a spook on there.
Exactly.
WQM.
Hello.
Please don't trace this call, but I actually looked at Rushkin Bang's website one day.
Oh.
Talk about superimposing pictures.
He had a picture.
You know that famous picture of Monica Kitson Clinton on the cheek now.
Right.
Uh-huh.
That picture.
Yes I do.
We're opposed carries picture where Clinton's face what?
That's right on his website.
Yeah.
It's just unbelievable.
And actually, again, don't trace the call, but I listen to the show.
And this lady calls in and says how delicious the news is about the, I mean, you know, about that.
How about Kerry?
Well, guess what?
Sorry.
He's actually delicious.
And then what he's saying is that it's the Clinton's are behind it.
They don't want to democrat the win in 2000.
Yeah.
Well, I've heard that rumor too that the Clinton's support.
Who knows?
Unbelievable.
And we don't have to be like you, pal.
No, and don't do that again.
We will trace the call.
We will be on pass arrest.
That's where he is right now.
I'll see you guys.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Well, they try and do something with that violation of probation.
I see.
Well, they try to eliminate it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pellie, for all the info.
What now?
What were you saying?
A lot of books in there, really.
I thought that what you said.
Well, the guy that's moving up to Jersey, beware.
It's always Halloween every day up there.
24 till 2 at 5, 60 WTQ AM.
And now what they say?
M&M obsession leads to physics discovery.
Wait till we get to this story.
Do you know that?
It's on the camera.
The candy or the wrapper or the candy wrapper?
It's a good physics, if you'd know them.
WQ AM, hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Oh, hi, hi.
I'm calling because I know how you are talking about the elections and how people should be voting twice and whatnot.
Let me tell you, this morning I woke up around 3 or 4 in the morning.
And I turned on the WILE these coast to coast.
Oh, don't do that again.
No, no, but the topic was about election.
My goodness.
Let me tell you something.
I was stunned.
I was absolutely stunned.
They talked about the lady who was the host, Bev Harris.
She was talking about how a company in around 2002 had been employed by the Pentagon.
You know, because they gave the programming to do the voting machines.
Yeah, that was.
And the majority of the ownership was done by the Saudi for the military voting.
Yeah.
And another thing is she pointed out that there are only 4 companies primarily that serve the programming for voting machines.
The electing voting machines.
Yeah, we've talked about this.
I have not seen.
We've talked about it.
Now, do you know that she has a book called Black Box Voting?
No.
It's fascinating.
I mean, let me tell you, when you read that you really start really feeling sorry for this country's democracy.
I mean.
Well, I already feel for your country's democracy.
I feel for you.
I mean, and what I'm really shocked about is that these 4 companies that are doing the programming for the voting machines,
3 of them are foreign owned.
One of them is from Canada and another one is from England.
And another thing is they make the programming for the voting machines so, so bad.
I mean, it's very easy for someone to tamper through it.
Well, that can never happen.
There could never be a first American election, but there.
You know what was the most surprising thing I heard?
And what is that in closing?
Yes.
And closing, yes.
In our counting in California, an election result came out five hours before the press in closing.
Right.
That's like, what is that?
Well, at least they're getting it out fast to the public.
And I said, sorry.
Have a great day, Paul.
Thank you.
You didn't mention Die Bull, but I tried to sneak it in there, you know.
Die Bull.
Die Bull that loves Bush.
Just having to manufacture the machines.
And we certainly don't want to go along with Robert Weitzler and have a paper trail, do we?
No.
Because then you can figure it out when they fix the total.
Where does no paper trail?
It's just a number.
Where we pull that number out of Beckham.
All right.
Anyway, Princeton physicist Paul Chakens' passion for M&M candies was so well known that his
students played a sweet practical joke on him by leaving a 55 gallon drum of candies in his
office.
Little did they know that their prank would lead to a physics breakthrough.
This isn't a joke.
Okay.
The barrel full of the oblate little candies made Chakens think about how well they packed
in.
A series of studies have shown they pack more tightly than perfect spheres, something that
surprises many physicists and taking himself.
It's a startling and wonderful result since Cindy Nagel, a physicist at the University of
Chicago.
One doesn't normally stop to think about this.
If you did, you might have guessed what would happen with you to be guessed wrong.
The issue of how particles pack together is intrigued scientists for centuries and is
implications for fields such as the design of high-density ceramic materials for use in
aerospace and other industries.
Chakens' colleague, chemist Salvador Torquato, used the candies to investigate the physical
and mathematical principles involved when particles are poured randomly into a vessel.
Writing in Friday's issue of the journal Science, they said they found that oblate spheroids,
such as plain M&Ms, pack surprisingly more densely than regular spheres when poured randomly
in Chakens.
When poured in, they said spheres occupy about 64 percent of the space in the container,
M&Ms managed to pack in a density of about 68 percent.
We just reached the sphere and suddenly things changed dramatically since the requirotomy
is remarkable that you can take this simple system with common candies and probe one of
the deepest problems and condensed matter physics.
Mars Inquatch makes M&Ms did not help sponsor the research, although it did donate 125
pounds of almond M&Ms to take in Prince Vincent's statement.
Isn't that great?
It's a light white of them.
So there's a good physics for you.
Just eat enough of more than a couple of pounds and you'll be crafting your brains out.
20 till 2 at 560 WQ, I do like the coded almonds, man.
Oh, oh yeah.
I don't think about M&Ms.
Those things will make your blood sugar go up so damn fast.
I mean, your head don't even hit the ground.
They hit the sidewalk yet.
That's why Dr. Bob should have stayed off the M&Ms.
His wife, by the way, is pretty porked off.
She was on last night on Larry King.
I walked about two minutes of it and also some doctor from the Atkins group.
And they should be pissed off.
I mean, whether or not you like his diet, everybody liked his personality, which we didn't.
The fact that it matter is he did have a great weight loss thing, regime.
And secondly, all they try to do is make him look bad.
Even after his death, they still were trying to make him look bad because they're jealous
and they want to say you a lot of bread and a lot of pasta and rice and crap and continue
getting you fat and a lot of fast food garbage.
Anybody had those words?
It's some way that's got those wraps.
You have one yet?
No, I don't go there, girlfriend.
You don't?
Rack there?
No.
Well, no, seriously, they look pretty good on TV, but then again, so did those sandwiches.
18 till 2 at 5.60 WQM.
If you're thinking of buying a new car or truck, if you want to save really big, visit
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
Your fund amount US $1, just 20 minutes south of the old A36.
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth the drive to save thousands and millions of
dollars on great new, unbeatable Toyotas.
Check out these great prices, speaking of unbeatable, and O4 Corolla loaded, including
air that you own for just $12,990.
And O4 can be with air automatic and lots, lots more just $16,990.
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America, from just $14,990?
And when you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, you get a free sun pass.
This was the first dealer in all of South Florida to offer free tires and batteries for life,
and they're still going strong at that.
General manager David Rich and the staff hold to whatever it takes to put you in a great
new Toyota two day.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference they're locally owned and operated,
and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Their service department is even open week nights late to late to make sure that your service
work is done and done right.
You'll find them on US1, 293rd Street, and Homestead, not really that far no matter where
you are, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
So if you're nauseated, if you're fed up with those mega-divers who are over-promising
and then under-deliver in discipline every time, then called David Rich, Armstrong's Toyota
Homestead GM at 305-242-3247.
305-242-3247, drive a little and save a whole lot on that great new Toyota and Armstrong's
Toyota of Homestead.
My life and love all this is for a great old Vice City.
Way and way.
Bandage, I am a person.
I am a sister for ring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with Radio's original bad boy, who now
looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen, Bernie, I'm a solid internist copy site.
Yes, every morning, see I'm aist listen to a tape of other people's carat-y bits.
Why, bomb the air?
I need a hammer to bite into this muck, but just somebody to pass a press one blade like
you.
See his wild behind the scenes, Annis.
I am the reason of it.
I am the I'm an U of the Waller's cook-cook-a-tune.
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I'm aist.
He's irreverent.
So what's the deal with the poor?
He's topical.
So what's the deal with his water game?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what, that's a government visit?
What the hell is this?
I don't know.
He's I've been sent, he's going.
And he's only on MSNBC, a cable channel nobody watches, and a bunch of AM radio stations
nobody listens to.
And then somebody gets some fresh jingle.
It's I'm aist.
He may be boring, but he sure is incoherent.
I'll tell you that.
Bo Diedel, that's the name of the guy.
Just it just dawned on me during the break.
What is it?
Bo Diedel.
Oh, maybe he's the fifth Diedel.
How can you not take that guy seriously?
Like to poke him with a needle.
He is what everybody despises about New York.
He's the typical ugly New Yorker stereotype with the accent and the attitude and a whole
just just obnoxious.
He's got New York obnoxious just dripping all over his purse, man.
And of course he's become like unattalking head shows, you know, when they need some goofball
on it, that's him.
Just like that Curtis sleaze bag that was making a rounds for a while, but seemed to have
disappeared.
915 votes on a poll.
We came close, we gave it a shot.
If I would have just made a few threats, we'd have gotten to 1000.
Which of these applies to you?
I voted for Gordon 2000 and I'll vote for Kerry 544.
Nearly two thirds of Alcatas known leaders have been captured.
I voted for Bush in 2000 and will again, 119, 13% in spite of that alfany Newman look
on his purse right now.
It's sad.
It's scary.
I didn't vote in 2000, but I will vote in 2004 94.
I voted for Bush in 2000, but I'll vote for Kerry this time.
57.
I'm too stupid of vote 51.
I voted for Nader, but this time I'm voting for Kerry 28.
I voted in 2000, but I won't this year 16.
I voted for Nader, this time I'm voting for Bushmeister 4, and I'm not old enough to
vote a couple of juvenile delinquents.
That's it.
I'm looking to good for the Bushmeister in our audience anyway.
I think you'd expect it to, but I mean 13% isn't exactly anything to write home about.
No.
What do you think is going to happen when Larry Fence book comes out?
Nothing.
You don't see you're you're focusing in on that segment, which is probably about 70 to
80% of his support.
What about the other 20% I'm focusing in on the people that plan to vote for him.
Nothing is going to deter them.
No, that's 70 to 80%.
You're talking about the fundamentalist lunatic wealthy or whatever they are, whatever motivates
them.
That's not all of them.
Okay.
There are in fact, look at the poll.
I voted for Bush in 2000.
I'll vote for Kerry 57.
I voted for Nader last time.
I'm going to vote for Kerry 28.
Maybe not because they love Kerry so much, but because they realize that the Nader vote
is a waste of time and they want to say bye bye to Bush.
And all those people who are wavering there in between the undecided, the independence,
whatever you want to call them.
The other ones are going to make the difference.
And if this abortion thing blows up and all the other bull crap, look out now.
So I can tell you WQM line one will work.
Hello.
The Neil.
Yes, sir.
That guy's name when I missed that was the deal.
Oh, Deedle.
Well, yeah, it's a double walk, Deedle.
Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Both a walk, Deedle.
He's a grease ball.
How do you like Deedle?
Don't sound like a tagging to me.
Probably a nickname, though they all have nicknames.
Oh, Deedle is a nickname.
A pseudo name.
I see.
Sounds like a real name to me.
WQM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Did you happen to see that story over the wheat?
There's two things.
Did you happen to see that story over the weekend when Anne Polter said that Max Cleelin's
injuries and Vietnam?
No, he wasn't a war here.
We hit it on our website.
Oh, she's a disgusting, miserable bitch.
What a disgusting, but...
Here's a guy that's a triple amputee.
And so we got blown up by pick it up a grenade in action.
But in the meantime, he served this country unlike some people that we know.
Yeah, George W. Bush was getting time off to go on Senate campaigns while in the guard.
And she's down playing with Max Cleelin, the Vietnam terrible.
Exactly.
Also, did you see the Cal Hoon guy?
He said, oh, yeah, I saw Bush and Alabama.
He said that he saw Bush throughout the summer of 72.
And I'm not sure if that was only four times.
His story, I talked about it yesterday.
Every first there was a dozen times, then it was six times.
Now it's down to four times.
And then they admit, well, the guy's got a bad memory.
So he's having a trial or a cut time, remember?
I know.
He said he saw him throughout the summer, but then the Bush records, he didn't show up there until September.
He saw him on dates when even they say he wasn't there.
So good luck to his credibility.
And he was making up drills in my office.
Boy, what a war here, Bush is, but not Max Cleelin isn't according to Anne Colter.
Well, you know what they say about that bitch.
Yeah, all right, Neil.
Have a great day, pal.
Great for us all.
And her hang in Pastrami.
Oh, we don't want to play that, do we, today?
Well, when Duff gets you that information, hold your breath like right now.
Yeah.
I have a suggestion for you, Muffo.
Okay, while you're sitting in there making a schedule with Clarence.
Yeah, get off this instant.
Yeah, get off your ass and get with some of that info for it.
It would be nice.
Just, just, just, we don't want to talk about it on the year, but it would just be nice to find out some of these things.
152, let's get the present on here for a second or two.
Before they fully materialize.
And that's enough.
My life and love.
This is for real by city.
We can weigh in.
Dr. Dishupa.
Oh.
Oh.
And Goldberg is a party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Oh.
Oh.
And Goldberg is a party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I heard that.
It's our spread.
That's his hatch.
His good head.
That's his hatch.
That's his hatch.
That's his hatch.
That's his hatch.
That's his hatch.
Oh.
And Goldberg is a party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
A more of a smoster.
A girl who wants to be a media hall and prefers it on top quiver.
You want more?
On this lady?
Is what I'll give you.
She's got a book to read about Slandering.
Nobody knows more about Slandering out with a big scoop about anyone to the left of Mangala.
Such a food-crispy girl.
You want to strangle her.
Fontyfigating who she's eating.
Political pun to thong defigating throng the law and masturbating.
A Republican's can't keep home.
She's a federalist and mo.
Plaking liberal is dirty, weren't you know?
In a mini-sturcho and camel dough.
And Goldberg knows what they can be.
In a mini skirt that smells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order with a back alley up.
Give me like your brother's dollar.
And you got some money.
She'll spread those names with a cigarette and a shark's name.
And so their income their political money.
The individual got it easy.
So those rumors about John Curie and the intern were started by a roving maniac who planted his one.
I'm hearing.
Schwarzenegger, who is a rest and Francisco mayor.
Oh my god.
A Christian legal group on Scalifornia.
The governor, Arles Schwarzenegger, who rest the mayor of San Francisco for issuing nearly 2000 marriage licenses.
To a homosexual couples in the fines of state law.
The American Family Association Center for Law and Policy called Mayor Gavin Newsom's decision.
To oversee the nation's first officially sanctioned same-sex weddings Thursday.
And arrogance done proving the radical homosexual movement will trample rights of all who stand in their way.
That's right.
We're going to just stop on you.
The AFA's Law Center wrote Schwarzenegger in Attorney General Bill Lockyer on Friday and assisting the mayor not only violated civil law, but criminal law as well.
Schwarzenegger and other state officials have remained mumm silent on the issue.
The letter says California's penal code section has is that a play on words.
Penal code section 115, which prohibits the knowing procurement of any false or forged instrument to be filed or recorded in any public office.
The penalty for the felony letter notes is up to three years in prison.
The AFA says this means three years for each false certificate issued, which sounds to me like about 6,000 years.
And that wouldn't satisfy him at all.
The motion filed on behalf of the pro-family lobby group campaign for California families by the public interest firms lively and accuminant and liberty counsel beware of anything with the name with the word liberty in it.
Yes.
Presents an irrefutable argument that Newsom and clerk Nancy Elfaro had no authority to read and find marriage in direct conflict with California law asserted the group's president general counsel Matthew's staver as they attempt to stave off all of this vagary in California.
The rule of law will be restored in California, staver said.
The mayor and the clerk have no right to act as tyrants ruling San Francisco as their personal dictatorship.
How do you like that?
Well, screw you, buddy.
So there you go. That's pretty much it.
We got over 26,00, probably 27.
I haven't even checked it again recently in the hot couples contest. Keep those votes pouring in.
You got to 155 on Friday to determine the big winner.
And did we make it that?
No, see if I would have put the big push on 949.
If I could have said, if I could have said we're going to put Georgia on the next five minutes.
Believe you me, that would have done it.
In fact, let's do an extra five minutes.
Let's go. Can't do that. We got important fish to fry.
Maybe we got sports. We got the mad dog. We got the hopper.
We got the big NFL thing tonight.
Baby, we need old combat.
Bye, bye, bye.
The country show that must be the new QAF.
My name is for learning.
I'm going through a gala scum like kids.
