I hear Harvey's green with Envy is what I'm hearing.
Yeah.
With an HD radio digital digital signal.
And who better than coming and speaking with an offense about drugs and current token
Thomas?
My heavy Ford Loner J.
I'm perhaps a total rookie or to get some real good stuff.
Good, you doing?
All right.
Shucks!
Hmm.
Hey.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Franz.
From Eugene Thomas.
Friends of bushes and harmony for the Supreme Court.
And you know there's not some people's idea to think just of.
I smoked a little marijuana when I said college.
Yeah, they weren't that's it but I'm in joy.
Yeah, maybe you'll see guys out here.
I know remember y'all.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got it much easier.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law.
I don't just review the law.
There we go.
I'll be token.
And I token to the east.
And I token to the west.
And I token why not look up Sandra Dayle Panna's best.
Oh right.
I'll be token.
Let's go for the bad one.
The rookie, come on.
It's a 10-0-2-5, 60 WQ Amboidies.
There's a speaker, the whole thing here.
By the way, the lights keep flickering in flash and like on a mic light and all of this.
It's a real disaster.
I notice it between Duff and Clarence.
They still can't get their ass together.
Oh, but I think we'll have that picture on our website.
Ask to ask.
Not with Jennifer Conley but with Duff and Clarence.
Ask to ask.
Raccoon.
We'll get a lot of hits on that.
Even rookie Williams never took as many hits as that.
It's going to be it anyway.
Todd Drek was in here for 25 minutes.
I want to announce to the world that he's the biggest hole I've ever met in my life.
Even Gary Sarner can't match up to him.
Although I understand that the partner is in crime is what I'm hearing.
I never realized until this day I was thought was Baudzini all along.
Huh?
Or was it Tate?
Tate?
What exactly is a pimp?
Oh, I see.
He was Baudzini all along.
Hey, by the way, what's he?
Nice suit.
Richard Conley, isn't he the actor to play to Baudzini?
Indeed.
He was good.
Yeah.
He looked like a real mobster.
He looked like the kind of guy you'd see at Runaway 84.
All right, Joe's.
Oh, and you haven't asked me to get you in.
No, I won't.
All right, I can't be bothered.
Okay.
When you're on your way to the direction here, where you're just a little guy, you eat that kind of amount of food anyway.
So that's our poll question today.
Who's the bigger poll?
Todd Drek or Gary Sarner?
No, that's not the poll, but it would be a tough choice, you know what?
I think it's the same person.
You ever see him in here at the same time?
No.
But when you get a Todd, the answer is no.
No.
Just forget about it.
Okay.
I don't want to do any accounts for Todd Drek.
In fact, didn't I say that to you a long time ago?
Yeah, you did.
I can't be bothered with him.
He's a slime ball.
He's annoying.
He's irritating.
He's aggravating.
Everything he touches is like turns to Grek.
Yeah.
Always a big major song in a dance.
And you just saw 25 minutes.
I'm going to tell you, Sammy Davis Jr. would have been proud.
You have never seen a tap dance routine.
He was actually dancing around this.
You're mad.
But me?
They're not getting lost.
Go away, Todd.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
And by the way, hey, call a good man.
Oh, sorry.
I just don't like the guy.
I can't stand him.
See how I'm too easy.
I'm going to start being a real hardass.
And then he goes out of this business about, oh, adults, 2550.
Where I thought our main demo on this radio station was men 2554.
Isn't that what we just got our bonus based on?
Yeah.
Isn't that what we always get our bonus?
Isn't that what everybody's bonus is based on?
And our target demo on a so-called sports and talking under team station is men.
2554.
Was that right?
Yeah.
And I don't know, but I hear Mo who's got pretty marginal ratings all the way around.
I'm listening.
Okay.
And he seems to have spots up the ass.
In fact, even he was like, does he rule all over again?
You know what he was saying this morning when I was coming to work?
We're just here like in between the spots.
He's starting to catch on.
Yeah.
Even an old codger like him, an old foggy like him.
He's starting to catch on.
We're just filler between the spots.
That's all.
They got that thing.
And of course, they did the same thing.
The first team in N Greg Reed blames.
Oh, it must be Joe Rawls.
It must be Gildi.
It must be Defoe.
By the way, speak on Defoe.
That $850 WFTO with all their billboards might as well save that money.
Because they'd brought in this market.
They have a big.
They didn't show it all again in that book.
None.
Zero.
Who do they have on besides Defoe?
Defoe and Defoe and Defoe.
I don't know.
You like I listen to it?
But if you're a savvy sports fan, though, you ought to put a bunch of buttons on $850 on your radio.
That's what Jim Sarny said.
Oh, really?
They do sports?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I don't listen to it.
Why would I want to listen to it?
Who cares?
We already got that $1400.
Anybody listen to that?
Carl Banana's foster there who bought his way back on your ice.
Let's have a thousand sports stations in South Florida because that'll bring a lot more people to sports.
No question.
That's what Ray Perry said.
And he knows his crap, man.
He's a crap specialist.
Like most of Greg's friends, crap specialist.
Like Gary Sarny, for example.
He knows his crap.
Anyway, so Todd, the answer is, don't come in here before my show again.
I mean, you'd think that muffin clearance would have gotten him out of here, wouldn't you?
Would have dragged his ass out of here.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to watch Rumpel Stills can hop it up and down like a banana in heat for 25 minutes.
Be from going to go on here and do a high rated big-paid show, which you'd be amazed at everybody in their brother listen to.
I'm discovering something very sad that I'm here, even more so than usual, because I'm finding I'm discovering I'm running into Jews for Bush.
And I find that very distressing.
I'm not talking about people who are supposed to be bright educated people.
Right.
And again, what it boils down to.
Who is that?
Is that somebody bothering you and ever again?
We're doing a very important radio show here now.
I can hear it all the way in here on the intercom.
Who is that?
Who was that?
That's the list.
The water Nazi, what did she want?
Sure, just confirming that, you know.
We're not doing our spots, okay, Phyllis?
By the way, we're doing a show running air right now.
Okay, don't be doing no more intercom with George while he's supposed to be intercoursing away, okay?
Hey, this is business.
Remember the spots?
Oh, that's right.
Just give us the...
I forgot about that.
We're just the...
What are they just saying about the Jews for Bush?
Yeah, Jews for Bush.
Oh, and it comes back to people.
See, one thing all you people out there need to find out, okay?
Anybody already know this, but I just want to reinforce it in case you forgot.
That there's a whole group of Cubans who all I know is Cuba and Jews who all I know is Israel.
Do we live in Cuba?
No, no, no.
Do we live in Israel?
No.
No.
No.
No.
I'll always say in Bokers, you might consider you, you know, in parts of the day you figure you live in Cuba.
Right.
You wouldn't pour in Bokers, you live in Israel.
No.
But we don't live there.
And quite frankly, it's like I spent a lot of time in Toronto, but do I care about Canadian politics?
No.
Not at all.
Not in the least.
It's very boring to be honest with you.
And most of those people, Paul Martin is as boring as it gets in all of those people.
Remember John Defen Baker?
No.
He was like a dead man in the suit.
He was like a...
Don, I'm standing up.
Which ain't easy when you're a dead man.
But not necessarily.
So I don't care about any of those things.
I mean, whatever happened to America, why don't we care about what's going on here?
Be led down to garden path, this country being destroyed, your freedom's been taken away.
And people who otherwise had no excuse.
Well, you know, any president that's strong for Israel, well, what do I care about that?
Like Michael Moore said, give the Israelis and the Palestinians each an equal amount of weapons
and let them kill each other and find.
And then, you know, that's my road map.
That's a loot.
That's my road map.
But I'm being honest.
Have a good time and get out of our face.
Leave us alone already.
We'll see who's left.
And stop soaking us two and a half bucks a gallon of gas.
And you notice how the media manipulates this, too?
Well, you know, it just did for inflation back in 1973.
It was like that.
Nobody cares about that.
When somebody goes to the gas station and costs them 50, 60, 70 bucks to fill up their tank,
they don't want to hear stories about it just for inflation, my ass.
Okay.
They don't care about that.
That doesn't put any more money in their pocket.
All they know is that they're being raped at it.
And they're not too crazy about it.
Oh, and thank you for those low gas prices, Mr. President.
Thank you so much.
So, George had a very important hole yesterday, which we'll get to momentarily after we do the break,
because we are here for the spots.
Make no mistake about that.
Gary Sarner and Todd Dreck, they know that.
Yeah.
The two of them ought to be on death row together.
You know, in fact, who would you rather see in jail?
Martha Stewart or Gary Sarner and Todd Dreck?
They're like, chained together.
Oh, no question.
See, I mean, O.J. Simpson, he's playing golf.
You know, one of my, uh, somebody was telling me this the other day, and it's a very excellent
point.
O.J., he's playing golf.
He's walking around living a high life.
He's laughing up his, uh, sleeve up his ass at everybody.
He killed two people in cold blood.
Everybody knows it.
Mm-hmm.
He's walking around free.
His water knows it.
Martha Stewart, the worst thing she ever did was maybe like, uh, a grace on passion.
She cooked a bad, to make a soup cake sometime.
Maybe she made a bad recipe.
And so she tried to do a little, a sneak little things you were doing.
No, you're turning things off.
Right.
Okay, so it was unethical.
She lied.
She was stupid.
But she belongs in jail, and O.J. Simpson is walking around for free.
And you tell me this is justice?
You tell me this is what America's all about, and you're worried about Cuba and Israel?
No.
I say to help with all the in-dubans.
That's what I say.
Right?
Both the varieties.
I'm tired of it.
My whole life, I heard that from my crazy Zionist father who luckily is rotting in the ground,
as I speak.
Israel, listen, and every time he would go there to live, he'd like come running back here with his tail between his ass.
How come?
Because it sucked, that's why.
Yeah.
The food there, I guess, is even worse than an Amsterdam, and that's quite an indictment.
Oh, wait.
Yeah, and at least an Amsterdam, you've got other choices.
You can eat other things.
But I mean, why would anybody in their right mind want to go there?
It's like, I mean, Nicholas Berg very sad, sad situation, but why did he go to Iraq to make a buck?
I understand that, but you know something, there's all kinds of places.
He could have built towers here, right?
He could have gone and peed on the IOD tower to have all kinds of problems with that thing that's rotting in the bay.
Hall of Merton and their subsidiaries are offering a lot of money.
I understand, but the fact of the matter is if you've got money.
How many brains at all if you value your life?
What did I tell you?
There are three places you don't go if you value your quality of life.
Number one is the Middle East.
Number two is Iraq.
Number three is South Florida.
That's all.
If you care about your quality of life and stay in life.
So yesterday I got the chance to see Boka.
You know what Boka looks like?
What's the last time you were in Boka?
A little while ago it looks the same.
Now it looks like lawns and swan-rack.
Yeah, looks like Tamarack.
Very boring.
What is the big deal with Boka?
It's not so fenced or is it is down here.
That's the point.
That's the point.
It's not fenced or in Tamarack.
That's trying to say there's no dark folks, okay?
That's, yeah.
That's what they like about it.
Who's they, all those old Jews that looked up there?
Those are them.
See all you old Jews that are obsessed with Israel, quit moving away from where
the shfarts is, okay?
Because it's just, they keep following you around, you'll discover, okay?
And then the Cubans start moving in and then you don't know whether to scream or eat the
Tiktokas banana, okay?
So you just can't run.
You cannot hide.
You can keep moving to Boka.
You can move to Jupiter.
You can move to Stuart.
And they're still going to find it.
They'll work your asses.
They'll work your asses.
Unless you want to move to Israel.
Have a great time, okay?
We'll pray for you at the Wailing Wall.
Unless, of course, you happen to be a woman and we'll just throw rocks at you.
Big bricks.
Also, speaking of a big brick, how's Clarence Thomas doing?
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 at WQM.
You know, Vulm is not just your ordinary pedestrian TV, but it's high definition TV delivered
via satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so superior to regular TV, it's like comparing the latest DVD to a scratchy
old piece of crap.
Vulm is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
Vulm has got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy
the ultimate HD TV, whatever I said, HD TV experience, including the satellite dish,
HD receiver, and remote too.
And Vulm has got over 30 channels of HD programming so you can watch ESPN and high definition
too.
That's three times more channels than you get from cable.
And they've got all your other favorite channels like HD, MTV, even your local channels
too, such as they apologetically are.
They're weak.
Vulm has got over 120 channels, a great entertainment.
Vulm's even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports.
Then you can't even get it all from your cable or satellite company.
So with Vulm, you've got everything you have now plus all these awesome high definition
channels as well, which makes your TV actually worth spending all that money on.
Call Vulm today for a limited time offer which ends May 31, which means you only got a couple
weeks left.
Call and find out about it.
Tulfory, it's 1-866-848-8666.
That's 1-866-848-8666 or visit them online at Vulm.com.
The offer includes free installation, no background cost, and no long-term commitment even.
So call again 1-866-848-8666 or online at Vulm.com to start Vulming today.
My name is local, this is 65 city.
The radio's all yours now.
I'm a QAN.
It's people are ISIL's.
Here.
Runs that a little holly.
Do we have to give you a big slip?
Are your bands over?
They got the never-scoot-y-racky strip?
And tracks.
Runs that a little holly.
You still have to explain what they did.
They thought it was funny to make a second human pyramid.
I think it's got a wacky.
What they did to those wackies?
Now it's only you just barely feel free.
It's back from our boys.
They made the presents break up.
What putting on makeup?
Do you want to tell a tell you a tale?
It's a bad way.
Runs that a little holly.
I'm listening.
Runs without a watcher, he's useless.
Runs that a little holly.
You might have to give you a big slip.
Runs that a little holly.
Runs that a little holly.
Runs that a little holly.
Runs that a little holly.
Runs that a little holly.
Return that a little можете-do.
Runs that 50 rural-beyouth type of phrase.
It's not a good idea for them.
You two didn't Thursday and then like in the summertime. It's just the other way around
Mix and match right mix and right so anyway George Framber. Where did you get this picture? Oh?
It's all over the internet. It was on the Yahoo most frequently viewed in the emailed photos John carries horse-faced daughter
Alexandra and no wonder we haven't seen her before
Now I guess he didn't learn from John Howard Dean's mistake of letting his me a swifer
Get photographed Judy Dean Dr. Judy Dean. I mean apparently Alexander is a director and is that Alexander?
I think you're right the first time Alexander with a boob. Yeah, well if we didn't know better if we didn't see better
I wondered well I could have been a paste on
Because she looks a little pasty to me. Yeah, and anyway, she's wearing like a see-through gown and
There it is right there on our website. There's a and of course see I
Still say the same thing about that. I've always said the booby guys who just that's all they care about our boobs
They don't really care what's attached to that's very sad to me. It's like the penis people. It's the same thing, you know no matter what's the title. Oh my god look at that
Look what
That
When you start Todd's recognize him. She's like a walking will anyway
So there she is in all her glory and she is just basically I she had you ever seen her in Judy Dean together?
I think it's the same face no, although she looks just like her dad boy. Just stick a pair on him and there it is
Skaring around with Carrie so she inspired the poll
All about who's got the hottest daughter hotter daughter
The hotter daughter. Yeah, kind of rhymes
Anyway, here's the pull result from yesterday. He's got the hottest daughter. I don't care what you called it
And she actually got votes. I don't get my wife. It's why I put the picture there
Yeah, the movie he got the movie prize all the rest of the money. He's got big boobies
You can actually see one. I mean like all what kind of crap is this guy that's running for present is his daughters
I wonder why would like her boobs sticking out was within friends. Oh, I see well. We know about them. That's the old Europe by the way
Who has the hottest daughter stevy Tyler 343 now there's no question about that
Even if you don't like eros myth or him or his lips are in these things. He has got a very very fine looking daughter
John void
I don't know whose daughter is Angelina Jolie. I never knew that. Oh, yeah, I thought I remember the tag of the law
He was calling her crazy. Oh, yeah, that's confident. She's all mad
281 for John voice daughter Angelina Jolie Goldie Haan whose daughter is Kate Hudson. Oh,
193 so that was so good race there those three John ainess. I mean aniston 96
Jennifer Anderson
That makes sense Paul Servino 93. He's got a daughter Mira
Naomi Judd 86
Honestly, yeah
George W. Bush 71. Are you must have voted for him because you had a hot nose to drunk daughters?
He's not yet had a duvet. No, I did not John Kerry 55 whose daughter's name is Alexander and she ain't so great
Wow, wow, wow take a puket that bitch, huh? Oh, man. She is nasty looking
God
She I'm telling you she is the same person as Judy Dean. Maybe they just swapped wives or something
Or
Daughters or I don't know what she is anyway. She's a pathetic John Barrymore 46
Tony Curtis 38 Tony Curtis 38 Jamie the Curtis is hot whatever
Yeah, I'm gonna dig in there you go same kind of thing and she's not even hot for a dyke
I mean she's very dykey looking but I mean she's more spaced. Yeah. Yeah, in fact
She's got a very similar face to Alexander a Kerry
Bill Clinton
I don't get it. I'm gonna go give Todd record kiss. I can't believe this Bill Clinton 37
Are you people out of your mind or what? Wow?
Chelsea Clinton is hot
But again keep in mind these people are the internet proud
So you're the ones that are surfing that looking for a breast for a nipple for oh, it's a body part
It might actually have been on something that was alive once and blind people can vote on that poll too
Yeah, oh, I'm sure that the Batavia Mike probably voted on there too. He probably tapped it out
My hand at all E32
She's like a kickboxer that is so pathetic
man
Our Elvis 31 dyke
Yeah, Klaus Kinski 31 who's his daughter?
Estacia I see Clint Eastwood 30 how may be a third man
Eastwood is daughter is Allison and she's beautiful Henry find 25 by now see they don't hold it against 10 or a James
She in her day and even how she don't look that bad right? She held up nice and in fact
I guarantee she looked a hell of a lot better than to be Dean
Whatever I carry whatever name is Alexander Ingrid Bergman 19
Isabel Rosalini
Blight Danter 16 whose daughter was Gwen as Paltrow Kett yes
Step bush 15 oh no Nicole please please Nicole another one
I want to want to call it say about that. Oh my god talk about a horse-based bitch
Yeah, boys this had to be a joke. Maybe they just aren't a lot of entertainers with great-looking daughters
Lionel Richie 14
Nicole and she's adopted and she's ugly but whatever well, but she's now
Knackin cool 13 Natalie Cole she ever stole a freight train. She's way down to bottom list
That's probably because she's dark and Frank Zappaton whose daughter Moon unit
really ugly looks like a good example looks like he did which ain't took the other horse face
I don't understand these people maybe they like horsey face or maybe they like horsey
You know back home something. I don't know horsey sauce
So almost 16 hundred votes on air so a staggering pool George really came up with a jackpot there
Thanks, of course to that picture of Alexander Kerry the great
Wow, wow, you think he looks bad man. Oh, man. Maybe that's why they let the picture out
Maybe you think he looks frightening take a look at his daughter. You'd look like that too if you had a daughter look like that
That's why help him campaign apparently they like that moly
Where's that is that is that in here the Howard Dean thing the Howard Dean's wife?
See I don't know what's in this I don't know. It's not in there. You know, we got it. You don't have it. No
Get out here. You got this
Oh, it's got
No, it's not in there. I gotta leave yeah, but I gotta leave some place in this so I want to play because you don't have any of it
And since we're only allowed to play a few bits with the new rules in place
And these are bush people I should point out are actually justifying well, you know, maybe that's not such a bad idea of clamping down on what you
Ice holes can say and well the fact that I play that sales people are ice holes thing that inspired me that that's that adequate for me
It's that are trying to come up with something like spaz hola. Yeah, ice holes. What's wrong with that? You ever use one?
I've used a nice pick in fact. I look like what you call Alexander's face as a matter of fact ice pick I say
Anyway, here's today we got behind to be the curtain somebody a little bit better looking than
Than Alexander Kim Basinger who still only look too bad for an old babe
Facing her I say it bassinger is why I say I don't care how you I don't care how she says it
All right, I don't care how Tony Dorsett pronounces his name. I'll say it however. I like okay, and she'll still wrecking the money. She don't care
Kim Basinger
Born December 8, 53 that makes her 47 and wow wow
She's almost 51 years old on December
Talk about ancient born in Athens, Georgia
Not Athens Greece you know to the Greek and
Man she's been in Elvis's left the building she's doing right now
Never heard of it. No because it's not out yet. She's doing it
Cellular also the same thing she's working on that door in the floor that door in the floor 2004
It's completely but you haven't seen yet people I know eight mile with M&M
Blessed every M&M is on eight mile road. No don't no white people there blessed the child
I dreamed of Africa. How about macombos on eight mile road? Let's go there. They it was a great Italian restaurant. They turned it into a strip joint
Right across the street from the W.J. Towers in Detroit
Not pretty interesting stuff. No, I mean if you never were in Detroit. Don't go to Detroit. Okay. How many white people are looking Detroit?
Man, believe me you don't want to be number 31
Okay
Our dean is
numbers now are dwindling.
Grudith be has a me as wide.
Absolutely.
Some quarters must be thinking what was the doctor drinking.
And he must have briefly bad eyesight.
Oh, I got it.
Oh, I got it.
Michigan.
Howard D.
Chris Brown.
Good again.
Good again.
New York.
New York.
Good.
Howard D.
Chris Brown.
Good.
Good.
Golden, golden, golden.
In those voters, golden.
Howard D.
Is going to strive.
Hey.
Edwards, Clarkson, Perry.
It's a better than who he married.
A common dress is what the doctor needs.
The hopeful next-first lady should think twice before display.
Perfect foe may gums and orcd.
Here's the main.
Howard D.
Is right.
All aboard.
All aboard.
See.
Washington DC.
Howard D.
The strong.
All right.
P31560.
We got the mad dog at two of the Humper.
The Hebrew Hammer is four in a studio in the last.
Marlon's on deck.
630.
Astero's at the Marlon's.
Boy, they just can't beat Houston.
Man, they got pounded nine two last night.
They'll try to get it tonight at the estate.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
They'll get it tonight at the Marlon's.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
He doesn't hurt.
All righty then.
Good pull.
I was inspired by Alexander of the grade.
I got 20.
20 what?
20 what?
Names.
Oh.
I got.
Who was the obvious big name female?
Now do we consider her to be a big name because she's
Carrie's daughter?
I mean, I didn't say that.
We never heard of her until I saw that.
So we can't put her on her.
How about you, Dr. Judy Dean?
Okay.
We heard her.
We saw her.
Which of course was the beginning.
That was not just that was the beginning and the end of the end.
Hey Eric, I can't add until you change this thing.
Just relax.
Okay.
I don't expect to do like instantly.
He's probably like, you know, probably dropped his breakfast
burritos all over the floor now running to his keyboard.
Oh, no.
You know, got to make a change on her.
But we only had one name on her anyway.
So it's not like he had to do a bubble up for her.
You're going to vote for who Tony Randall is the obvious.
Big name female.
It's still on there.
Oh.
No, I know it because he hasn't changed it yet.
Would you just cut him a little bit of slack?
Roberta, slack button.
Man, no, you're not.
You're just picking on poor Eric.
I would never.
I would never.
No wonder he is so neurotic and acts like that.
I love Eric.
And you know what I mean by acts like that.
Whoa.
Anyway, there's the poll Eric.
Who is the ugliest, I was sure hope he's listening in.
Has internet connection all up and everything.
Who is the ugliest big name female?
Leon Friday will do.
Who is the ugliest big name male?
Which does not include me and Hank in the talk.
Big name.
That we're, we're small potatoes.
We can plenty of opportunity to take shots of us on the poll.
You know, all the time.
Think a little bit bigger, a little more popular, a little more well known.
Than all of us ugly goofballs here on this station.
And believe you are, we are ugly.
Is there anybody who works on this, I mean.
No, really.
We got a bunch of ugly people here, right?
On the ear.
Oh yeah.
I'm trying to think.
Think of somebody that looks like almost human.
Like, well you wouldn't agree but Joe Rose looks almost human.
Blockhead?
No, it is not.
Most guys don't have a head that's four times bigger than the rest of the people.
They're body size not with staining.
Facially he looks all the parts from the right place.
Especially since I'm the one and I get ready for it in the gap tooth since I got him to
like you're rid of that hole in his teeth.
He had the condolese a gap.
Of course, he's got a gap in her teeth and one on her leg.
That's another story.
But Joe had the gap and I said if you're going to be on TV on Channel 6 there, Joe, I'm sorry on NBC6, excuse me.
You got to like look like a man.
You looked at me.
What's that?
You got to look like a real human being.
Like some dumb jack.
And so he went to like a real dentist or something.
And he got his teeth straight.
He got whatever they do.
You know, crowns and these things.
I said this little queen knows about crowns.
Believe you me.
I wear one on the throne all the time.
So Joe Rose, yeah, I guess compared to anybody else.
He looks almost human.
Gildi of course looks like, he looks like Rapunzel.
Gildi.
Doesn't he?
He's got a long wand here.
Maybe I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm saying it looks like Rapunzel but glasses on.
I don't understand.
Who is the ugliest big name female?
Dr. Judy Dean.
Rosie O'Donnell.
Let's go up with the obvious.
Just a couple here.
Because you know, once we start building these pools, you get pole buildings boring.
Pole building is boring.
Show's boring.
And we get him.
Who's obviously got absolutely not even a semblance of a life.
And of course we always enjoy hearing his inanities.
Almost as much as,
Kamba and Maidikon.
We haven't heard from him in quite a while.
Maybe he's busy.
I got the winner I think.
Okay.
Barbara Strise and
Oh, the ugliest big name for just because she's cross-eyed.
Christy Krugger's cross.
You don't think I'm just because.
Because she's got the biggest nose, bigger than five other people.
I'm just putting the labs on her.
Don't know who it is.
Oh, and look at this.
Here's the a phony.
Look at that.
Phony little, here's little Jerry with a squiggly writing whose peep today and tomorrow
he'll be 80 and there's a Friday he'll be somebody else.
Get lost.
Don't read it.
No interest.
Whatever.
Okay.
And thanks for listening every single minute of every single day to the world famous New
Roger show.
See, this is what really cracks me up about the chronics along with the fact that they have no life.
I have no life.
No life.
Is for all other bifsy and belly aching, this is their life.
As Ralph Edwards would say, this is your life.
Absolutely.
This is it.
Kiss the radio.
Okay.
Reach right over and put your lips on it.
And the radio too will give it a big kiss.
We ought to be kissed.
Forget that country that knows picking crap they play on our FM.
We ought to be the big kiss.
I want to buy it turned into FM.
Especially now because this station is all you got left.
Is there any other English language station that anybody lives to?
No.
That isn't that's got anybody like local and no.
I mean, don't tell me IOD that they have one show with somebody local on.
No.
It's all piped in crap.
It's all cheap channel garbage.
We could change kiss country.
You can hear in the 75,000 different markets.
Okay.
The same right wing crap, the same propaganda, the same.
Look, look, look, look, look, all that crap.
So this is it.
This is all you got left which isn't saying much but we are it.
I think it's about time that people in this market start realizing that.
This is all you got.
It may not be much.
Especially at certain times today.
Absolutely.
You're early in the morning.
But this is all you got.
See if it are gathered around your radio.
It's like, because someday you'll be saying a couple of years down the road.
Oh, gee.
I remember when we actually had a station where there were some people that we, you know,
we knew who they were and they knew us and they, you know, they knew the difference between sunrise,
Boulevard and, uh, and, uh, candle drives.
I was dairy road and candle drive.
And glades road and bokeh.
Ah, sitting in bokeh looks just like Tamarack.
A little more pristine.
No, no.
Well, no, actually, I mean, there are some parts of it.
If you go behind some of the big office buildings and there are trees and wooden areas and it's beautiful.
It's, but, but who else sees that?
Who the hell spends the time running around behind office buildings, purfs?
Yeah.
And other people are trying to kill some time.
But other than that, when you drive through there, when you're in, and by the way,
thanks to my friend Ken Halpern at National Limbo, he's, he's great.
It's better what you said at one time.
Huh?
Well, don't you remember that he had that no speaking English, bro.
I wasn't his father with that silly brother.
Where we go?
Where we are going, you know, and that was somebody else.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sorry.
I was in a situation and I was the victim of it.
So don't be saying that.
Now Ken is great.
And I really appreciate it because I certainly would want to have to drive to Boka by myself and get lost and like, oh,
dude, why do people live in Boka who work in databroward?
Why?
Some people live further and still work here.
Oh, it's something else I don't let me forget to talk about today.
The, um, hard rock casino.
Your close personal friend, Joe Castello called me at home two nights ago as a matter of fact.
Don't bother me, Joe.
You're a great guy.
I love you, but don't bug me.
Get on my nerves.
And what?
Nothing?
No, he does.
He can get some of my nerves because if I had something to tell him, if I could offer him any more assistance than I already have,
I would be more than delighted to do it.
I can't do anything for him.
I have no influence here over what they put on the air or don't.
None.
They're phone-ly.
Yeah.
So, but anyway, he was telling me about that place, about how it's just jam-packed, which I did mention that the other day about driving through there with the, uh, in the limo.
Coming back from the airport, you couldn't buy a parking spot there for a million dollars.
And evidently at night time, it's not just the old blue hairs that you have at the other similar old place in all the, uh, the jury entries.
There's like a lot of young people living and breathing people in there looking for something to do for a good time.
Good for them.
And they don't have like your real honest-to-goodness slots with the, uh, you know, the spinning, but you've got, you push a button and does the same thing.
Here is what he said.
And how can a guy like him be afforded to be at the hard rock casino anyway?
That the way it always goes must be gambled on all the rights he wanted.
That's right.
It's from that spiffy ad agencies, you were.
That's just a joke, you need to just relax.
So, can't tell Joe don't call me anymore.
19 before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Oh, I guess who we saw this morning, I'll give you one clue.
CM.
Yeah.
Josh Cord is stuck his head in the door there.
CM.
We closed it real fast.
Now his head looks like a...
Anyway, lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast.
If you've never been there, you're missing out on a real treat, man.
It's not just a meal.
It's a feast.
It's for...you don't have to be fat when you go in, but you probably will be on a way out.
The service is great and the food is unbeatable.
Everything is fresh, delicious.
They don't use any crap, no MSG.
No cornstarch, they cook everything with only cholesterol for your oils.
They've got six different kinds of soups.
Dozens of delicious mouthwatering entries like New York strip made order and their sizzling Asian grill along with that new Hunan fish.
Main lobster, thermometer, starleters, Jonah Crab, oysters on a half shell, hand carb, primary of their brand new Thai specialties.
And they promote healthy living like I said with no crap, too.
You'll never walk out of there with a headache.
The buffet features a full salad bar, full Chinese food line up, the brand new sushi bar, and for a CM cocktail.
What the hell was that?
Do you hear that?
Something like somebody from Power 96 is about slam...
Maybe somebody used Todd Wreck as like a ramming rod.
In the Waldher, I'm serious, somebody like salesperson just got like rammed right through the wall over there.
Speaking of CM, anyway.
And if you have any room into all of this stuff, they got a great dessert station, too.
So pace yourself.
Just spend a couple hours there.
They got bells and waffles and pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, even fresh food.
What an ending to a gigantic pickout.
Three emerald coast locations, Pemberpine, Sonny Oz and Sunrise.
Take the whole family bookie next business luncheon right now.
Zagat restaurant reviews votes them number one in WSVN news.
Number one is settled as best Asian buffet.
You'll agree.
It is sensational.
Call them for our reservation information at 954-5723822.
CM, 954-5723822 for information on the world famous unbeatable emerald coast Chinese buffet.
I am all.
This is for 2020.
You way up.
Soon it's the movie we've all been waiting for.
Pratt Pee.
As a gladiator.
It's Troy.
The classic story of, uh, well, it's based on the epic poem by O who cares that Pratt Pee and a gladiator have been trove.
I am Achilles.
And now we must engage in hot, sweaty, man-on-man combat action.
Yard!
Listen to what the critics are saying about Troy.
Rex Reed calls it the field myself hit of the summer.
Rex Reed says, pass me the Trojan, honey, and in the words of Rex Reed, if you see only one.
Homo, a gladiator movie this year.
See, Troy.
Troubles and attack from the rear.
If muscular men in leather skirts are your Achilles heel, then pass to a theater near you to see...
Try it, Pitt!
As you always wanted to see him in...
Troy!
Troy's made it hard for...
uhhhhhhhh.
Uhhhhhhhh.
I'm desperate people out there, I guess.
I'm 9.48.5060W dem.
Six votes on a pool.
Us because we only got a couple of names on it.
Who is the ugliest big name female, especially inspired by uh...
Jon Kare is Mia's daughter, there yesterday.
Alexander the Great.
Rosie O'Donnell 3, Barbara Streisand 2, Dr. Judy Dean 1.
Got some more names here for you, Monica Lewinsky.
She is nasty. She is a cow.
Come on, Baba, you can do better than that.
Sandra Bernhardt tied.
Now you see, this is the way to try to do like it,
but I'm not going to put the other one on there.
One, who is the ugliest, big name female?
Not name a bunch of ugly people, okay?
Get with it. We're going to start really laying down the law
on this show, aren't we?
No.
Yes, we are. Here's one that says George picked my...
First choice, cross-eyed Barbara Streisand,
but my second choice is, share.
That's a good choice. She's big name.
She's big. She looks daiki.
She got a bull-dike daughter, and she's a gross.
Of course, she also is 85 years old.
She didn't look too bad for 85.
No, it's the blood of young virgin she drinks.
Specialist Jeremy Sivitz on Wednesday
played a guilty, decriminal charges in the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal
that was sentenced to one year confinement this morning.
His sentence by a special court-martial judge includes,
discharge for bad conduct and demotion.
Sivitz put it in the guilty to constern...
You know, what I'm discovering is I talk to various people around town,
is that the American people have no idea what's going on in the world.
They get dirty.
They find out what's happening in the world in little snippets.
You know, they see a headline, or they hear somebody saying,
oh gee, they decapitated our guy,
and all we're doing is putting a few hoods over the heads of somebody
Iraqi, bruised, or a g,
how come they spend so much time talking about that
and having these hearings?
These people who were there.
Yeah.
How come they have any hearings going on?
Where they're like brutal and decapitated in this guy.
Of course, we should be surprised at that, I guess,
because they blew those planes, they flew into those buildings,
and killed thousands of innocent people.
So it's like some big surprise that they decapitated people.
And Saudi Arabia, they decapitated people all the time.
Every day.
Right.
Because they're so much of barbarians in Saudi Arabia.
And of course, come to find out that the very latest car bomber
is another Saudi national.
Saudi Arabia is the chigger in the woodpie,
and the sandpie.
Right. They're not civilized like us.
Right.
We kill people lightly like Mardi Pai thai.
I see.
They're like bombs all over the town.
Although, civets play a girl that can conspiracy
to maltreat subordinates or detainees.
They were watching a beauty for willfully family protecting
detainees from abuse.
Cruelty and maltreatment and maltreatment of detainees.
Civets 24 of Heinzmann, Pennsylvania,
is that Heinzmann?
I don't know what I don't care.
Had to present evidence to the judge of his guilty plea.
Pennsylvania, other than Philly, is a pretty schlocky place.
Ever been in Pennsylvania?
No, not ever.
Don't.
Philly is okay.
I mean, there are a lot of nasty people there.
I mean, there are sports fans, especially obnoxious.
But who, and then since you don't care about that,
you wouldn't mind.
Philly is all right.
Pretty, pretty, but it's okay.
And then you get on the school kill expressway,
and you can't get off it.
And as always, it's...
You ever see an expressway that goes through the heart of the city
and there's no way to get off, so to speak.
Anyway, after entering, we got bugs in here.
Oh, really?
Let's get our good friends from alternative management.
Steve over there.
Let's get them in here.
We got a little bug spline around here.
Kind of crap is that?
Typical?
Oh, brother.
I don't have any bugs in my studio in Toronto,
or in my apartment.
Because I'm not a slob.
I made a little bug a hell of a slob,
which is fine with me, because I don't care about that.
But at least I keep my place clean.
I have a little bug spline all around here.
They live here.
They hate me.
I think what this place needs, if you're part of the expression,
is an exterminator.
Starting in the sales department would be good.
Yeah.
I don't want to mention no names, Gary or Todd.
Anyway, civets gave explicit details of abuses he said took place in November 8th,
including six or seven other soldiers, including beatings,
and positioning the prisoners in sexual positions.
The identify PFC Linda, England, your girlfriend,
seen him in the photos as pointing to the generals of one detainee and laughing.
At times, civets became emotional by describing two brutal abuses
he said involved specialist Charles Granger.
A total of seven U.S. soldiers have been accused,
the Audi Audi, and the grain are discharged with conspiracy to maltreat prisoners.
Their election and duty for allowing prisoners to be maltreated,
cruelty and maltreatment, maltreatment of prisoners,
assault of prisoners, committing a decent act,
adultery and obstructive justice, all of these things.
But then again, why they make such a big fuss about this when,
and this is why the American people are so stupid.
They don't read books, they don't read newspapers,
then they don't even watch a whole newscast, such as it is.
They see like little headlines,
and that's why these polls mean nothing.
Polls don't mean it.
I mean, the poll results are based on lack of information,
the lack of knowing anything, as opposed to, you know,
and even in spite of that, now Bush's numbers are dropping like a rock,
like a boulder.
Because finally, if they're putting, well,
this head lying together over here and this one over there,
and maybe things aren't going so great.
Maybe they actually lied to us, and Rumsfeld said,
you know that seren gas from the other day?
Well, he don't think it's seren gas.
He said, in fact, he thought it was more like serendipity.
Stupidity do.
And that's what it was.
Stupidity do.
Yeah, just a jar of it.
And they shmurred it all over the missiles.
They shmurred some stupidity do.
And then the mustard gas, if time to find out,
one even like grape poop on it, was just the cheap branches mustard.
It was like a generic public spranderson.
Who is the obvious big name female?
That's our poll question today.
Let's get with it here, okay?
Rosio Donald 16, Sandra Bernhard 15, Barbara Streisand 6,
Dr. Judy Dean, a real measukite, if there ever was one, too.
I'll tell you one thing.
She ain't good for Israel.
She ain't good for the human race.
Sherers got one and Monica don't have any out of our first 40 names.
Okay, let's get this list built.
Okay, let's do some poll building, because poll building is maybe boring,
but it's time consuming and they love it.
Sure, kills four hours.
What you did yesterday, you had to, you built it, right?
Built that poll.
Steve Tyler and his daughter were right there on top.
So to speak, top of the pile.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
I might just do the whole show on Gary Sarner and Todd Dreck.
I might just do that, although it's boring to the audience.
But I just cannot deal with those kind of people,
with these phonies, with these fakers, with these BS artists.
Don't come in here bothering me with your BS, okay Todd?
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to smell you.
I don't want to do your accounts.
I don't want nothing to do with you.
And by the way, say, how did the Collagen Man while you're at it?
You idiot.
See that?
Well, that's all we need to know.
That's a long time ago.
That's all we need to know about him.
When he reared his ugly rear in this place.
That was enough.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Pretty good, Pally. What's up?
I got somebody for your fault.
I hope it's okay, though, though, she's dead.
Silla Cruz.
Silla Cruz was dead.
Oh, my God, it's you.
She ugly.
Oh, perhaps, do you remember the name of that ugly bitch
that blew the whistle in with Monica?
Oh, yeah.
You're talking about a trip.
Well, start on.
And I don't want to hear this.
Okay, thanks, pal.
See, there you go.
As he puts two on again.
That's okay.
He's a good guy.
He got two really good points.
I'm dead now.
And I remember when I was alive.
I will live in the living room.
When the dwellin'
Yeah.
She's still dead, by the way.
And then, of course, we always got...
I don't even remember if we can play that or not.
There might be something in there.
I don't know.
Do you know if we can play that?
No, we can't.
You mean, definitely, Clarence, have been in here
going through this DCS and clearing out all the stuff
that we can't play anymore?
Are you shmentin' me or what?
Huh?
What kind of an ice-hole are they?
What is wrong with them?
Oh, that's right.
They're spending a lot of time asked to ask.
Maybe we ought to ask them about it.
WQM or ask.
And, you know, I never even got into a portony randal yet.
I mentioned it in passing.
Like he did.
He passed.
We mentioned it yesterday.
In passing.
Oh, he died.
When did he die?
Yesterday, I guess.
Before your show?
During.
Oh, no.
I hate that when somebody famous dies right in the middle of the show.
Tony Randal, the Emmy Award-winning actor,
made the role of Fussing Neatnik Felix Unger.
In fact, he was used to be every now and then make a guest appearance
on the 80K show, doing the Overs Nungers.
On his TV's The Odd Couple, his died.
He was 84.
Well, quite frankly, 84 is old enough.
He was making babies just a few years ago.
Yes, indeed.
None of them old, farce making babies.
But in his case, we made an exception because unlike Larry King,
we liked Tony Randal.
The actor died in his sleep Monday evening at NYU Medical Center in New York.
The cause of death was complications from a prolonged illness.
He had pneumonia.
He had some kind of heart surgery or something that he got pneumonia and then he died.
That's a shame.
Jack Clogman ran away.
Jack Clogman still running around like this.
Now, if you're smoking and faggot's out there right now on your kids especially,
there's a walking ad because Hamilton Berger from Peri Mason,
should we end around these dead?
But if you want to be like, you know, Jack Clogman and talk it like this,
just keep puffing away at them faggots, okay?
Just keep smoking on them cancer sticks.
And pretty soon you won't be able to talk and you'll have infosima and bronchitis and cancer
and all these horrendous things.
Black lung disease, brown lung disease, purple lung disease, purple people leader disease,
and you'll be dead.
I just, you know, it's a free country to appoint.
Not really.
But I mean, if you want to smoke, smoke them if you got them.
That's where clearance token, Thomas will live off and smoke them if you got them.
10.57 at 5.60 is a matter of fact what a segue.
Nobody wants to talk about lung disease or cancer or heart disease.
All of these grotesque things that we can get.
But it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment.
If you find it early, that is the key.
That can be the difference between life and a grotesque, carboil death.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy,
coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams,
that really can detect cancer and other life threatening diseases in their early stages,
while it's not too late to do something about them.
And of course, if you don't have any problems at all,
when you walk out of their office, you've got a big smile on your face,
and you've got peace of mind.
There's bugs in here again.
Gush dang it, man.
There's gnats in here.
Look at that.
That more over there against the wall.
For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4.
9.6.6.30.600 for the test.
I can give you in your family like I said only moments ago, peace of mind.
In fact, next to peace of...
The thing most people like best is peace of mind, right?
After peace of...
Hollywood Diagnostic Center offers you state of their imaging equipment
with open MRI, high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving self-float of over 20 years.
Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to your door.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exam today.
When you make that call, it could be one of the most important ones you'll ever make.
And like I said, if there's nothing wrong, you have a big smile on your face.
You got that peace of mind.
Call 9.5.4.966.3600.
9.5.4.966.3600.
My line in local, near sports radio 560.
You a...
You a...
You a...
You a...
You got a brick of wool.
Oh!
Just in case you didn't recognize the candidates are vicious guys.
The TV ads are full of lies.
Why are they only running smear campaigns?
None of them have any shame, standing for the heart.
Ha!
This race has taken its toll on me.
All of these guys look at each other more.
Much sleeping is before your beauty.
I'm so annoyed, and I won't watch the news anymore.
This race has taken its toll on me.
Of my least right to even up the store.
Can't stand on the negativity we have a choice.
So let's not take it anymore.
Well look at that, at least 9.5.5.
And then Gaza explodes and does a little bump in the road, Matt Poison girl.
There's a little bump in the road, all right?
Everything will be just fine.
Make no mistake about it in the Middle East.
Oh, we're fine.
Let's see, here's a look at this.
I got this article on our website.
Thank you very much.
Okay, but how I killed people in a ranking out of you.
I got it. I'll get to it.
It's on our website.
Always a really good idea if you have a computer.
Which you must have if you downloaded these stories and printed them out, right?
Take a look at Neuronjus.com.
You'll see we already got that story on it.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It's a good place to start your reading anyway.
Right. That's right.
We got the good stuff.
That's what Clarence Thomas said.
We got the good stuff.
I was watching the sports last night during the newscast, such as it is here.
And I see that Jay Feeder is still on the dolphin team.
Oh, man. Oh, man.
That right there is a very bad old man.
That's a bad sign.
Anyway, oh, look at this.
And is there like multiple pages?
Oh, God. Stop doing this already.
Will you? Are you idiot?
Okay. For the pool.
Here's one that says Greta van Sustern.
Who owes all her fame to OJ.
And of course, is Grotesque nasty.
Even on a mad dog had a ride.
Allegedly the hots for her.
That was just, that was her.
He's just funding you.
There's no way in the world a mad dog who has much better taste than that.
That he had the hots for Greta.
He just playing games with it.
That's all.
Playing with your emotions, fast and loose.
Because no matter what it would have said, if he would have said that,
Alexander Kerry, man, what a hot number.
She is, oh, you're right, mad dog.
She's really something.
I made a typo.
I'm not there.
What did you write?
The capital V, capital A.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
In the city.
A clearwoo,
onton Miracle night.
August 12th.
December 12 hope!
We shot a 180 такое view on Naid annual topic.
To beaches and sw kiwi,
and
how could you how could you be so ignorant no no he's not good for anything in a
world i mean if you're concerned about uh... the would be conflict between the
Arabs in the israelis then bush is about his much more reason he makes sure
one look like a good guy that's how bad bushes
he's as bad as it gets
he's the one that's turning the whole world against the west but don't confuse
them of the facts okay but any american president i don't want to go into it
who is the obvious big name female
hundred and four votes and rocio donald seems to be leading the way
thirty one
dyke disgusting grotesque i mean a lot of us are ugly but we don't go running around
trying to pass ourselves off is like you know right something anything but
i think about a big fat ugly dyke
sander burnhard twenty four
barbara strisand sixteen for cross-eyed babs
cedar crews has got a dozen linda trip eleven dr. judy deans got four
she has got two monica winske's got a pair
that's what the above said
great of an sester one chelsea's got only one in jomeber's just went on
the list chelsea's only got one
out of sight at the end and you know hillary used to keep her here the same
you know how like chelsea's got that right i know if you see the early pictures
of hillary when she and above for the top
uh... she had that same
grotesque frizzy uh... nasty he'd do
why why do they do do that
why
is that supposed to be like attractive is it supposed to be uh... what is that
we could write a book beside gruesome stupid stuff women do they think it
looks good yeah
and the worst part of it is men and women there are people are actually would
look pretty good if they want to that's the one thing i will say some of those
makeover shows i have never watched one but i know they do have monitor
right some of those even though i don't really care about the people but they
might be for the interesting because it goes to show us some folks don't
realize that they could look a little bit better
that they would like drag that must grab and feed it and put it on the floor
you know that they're here with the nice
yeah would be good
uh... you i don't have enough to brush right now
i got me a nice haircut okay now i don't have a nice shirt on day because i
was wrong that's a great shirt what do you talk about
that the perfect we were so where they should that's a
very unobtrusive decent it's an old man shirt i mean i realize i am an old man
you got the buttons on the collar all my shirts had the buttons on the collar most
just to find that's a lot of which it's got a button down collar that makes it a
nicer than a than your regular perocular shirts yeah i haven't worn any
regular perocular shirts say even in you don't even see me up there at the
art nicer those like dingy green colors that you don't see around anymore they
got a little few stains on them from spilled food those are the not nice ones
wait a minute to watch that rich words those
ten minutes after eleven haven't heard from fat bitch uh... quite frankly now
i'm sure he's alright i just i just don't have time i just got a lot of stuff
going on i'm getting all my innards and my outboards and all these things
checked out while i'm here just want to do all my you know
plumbing you know i i do i just want to see if i'm actually going to be alive
for one and if so then look out you know and if not well it's way of code
just the way it goes check for polyps check for polyps
right i worry about polyps prostrate prostrate all of these things when you get
this part of gods gift to all of us do good all of these horrendous things that
god invented
cancers and uh...
painful defecation things like that
speaking of muff
i think i have i think i have an idea why he suffers from that
melody but that's the side of what
i mean it could be wrong
but i think i have a real good idea
in fact i saw when i pulled up this morning there was an excavation crew behind
them
which i thought was pretty interesting
yeah right behind is
behind anyway quit with that painful defecation death okay people are starting to
talk instead of make funny and i that's not good he looked bad today he
looked really bad and he i didn't notice yeah he looked really pale and
wahn
from little of anna hey vulmus tv but high definition tv is what we're talking
about delivered by a satellite disney steve receiver and by the way gary sarner's
real
the picture on vulmus so superior to regular tv the qualities like comparing the
latest dbd to the very first kinescope recording that was made a hundred
years ago
vulmus the only entertainment system design for high definition tv
vulmus gives you the most hd tv anywhere's and they provide all the equipment
necessary to enjoy the ultimate hd tv experience including
the satellite dish hd receiver and the remote
vulmus got over thirty but thirty man channels of hd programming you can watch
espn and high definition that's three times more channels and you can get
from your cable and even they've got all your favorite channels like hd on mtv
and your local channels too vulmus got over 120 channels of great entertainment
waiting for you vulmus even has exclusive channels of hd movies music and sports
that you can get from your cable or satellite company so with vulmus you get all
the stuff you've got now plus these awesome high definition channels i don't
know why you'd want to go out and spend thousands of dollars in hd tv
said not have something to watch so here's the way to do it call vulmus today
for a limited time offer call 1 866 848 8666 or visit their website vulmus.com
the offer includes free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment
so start vulmus right away by making that call today at 1 866 848 8666
or check them online at vulmus.com you better do it now though because the offer ends May 31
so
so now your favorite show is gonna go away
no friendly folks are jokes Thursday nights at 8
and now there's nothing good on nbc
with our friends and friends you're now
there is nothing you my see my blessings
then I beg for you when you turn on your
jeep i would vote for you
was gonna watch a week then I beg for you
cuz your friends have left you
love of 17 it made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside on monday morning when
mow and I bonded out there by the door and then i missed him this morning i just
just missed him by a couple of minutes. Mad Mike, bald-headed chain-smoking mad
Mike was sitting out there in a chair that's got his ass embroidered on it and I
said damn I missed my buddy this morning because I saw his car was already going
hey just missed him. Well you still have Friday. I went aww shucks. Yeah I'll come
next year early to make sure I bond with Moe one more time. He's what he is. Who
is the ugliest big-time female? Rosie O'Donnell's got 48. Sandra Bernhardt's
got 32. Eugly man. Cila Cruz 25. Linda trip 23. Barbara Streisand's only got
20. You thought she'd win hands down. Who did I vote for? I don't know if I voted for.
So would you vote for Dr. Judy Dean Ford Gloria Stephan to share to Monica
Winske II. Chelsea Clinton's only got one Joan Rivers one, Gloria Greta and
Sandra one. At 161 Chelsea's only got one. She could be the ugliest thing on a
face of the earth. She makes Rumpel Stiltski look like Greta Garbo. Oh we got
a nice picture. I should point out of Kim Basinger. Basinger. Yeah good. I don't
care how you say it. It's an excellent picture. Nevertheless and we like her a lot
because she said that Mickey Rork smelled. Yeah well now can we still play to
Mickey Rork cuts that are ready? Some of them yeah. We have asked you. Some of them not.
What? The ones that we can't play are kind of obvious right up front. But you
don't know what they are. No I've got a lot of friends that are on the police
force here. That's okay. Yeah. That's what of them. Yeah it's nothing to
Mickey. Okay those were the great days that I was in. Mickey Rork was out there
listening to show calling in. And his girlfriend. And his girlfriend. They had
like that. It was like a ambush which you like to say. Kind of like what fat boy
did to me here on Monday morning. Yeah. Ambush. Somebody says here's a good one
for the pool and they're right and colder. Talk about Skanky and Scabby and
nasty and Pastrami and all those things. Who have we can't play that bit? She's got an E
on the under her end. Yes. I believe so. In fact every time I see her I think
he got a look at that piece of crap. And here's a very good one that nobody in the
audience probably would think of because we don't have too many birds because they
give us the schmitz. I would rank Camilla Parker bowls right up there. I would play
that bit only it's not in here. You don't have anything in here. The one about
the Prince Charles and being by all I love that but you don't have it. What's it
called? It's called Prince Charles is I don't know something it's not in there
where would it be from? I don't know. No you don't have it. You don't got it. It's an
HCN but you don't have it. They don't like you. Anyway don't get around her
Camilla Parker bowls and Prince Charles he's into curling more. He rides
Haas's asses with his kilts on. He likes the way it feels. Well your Brit's
man are so fricking silly it's just it's unbearable. What did you see the
get the white powder that went up in the air behind Tony Blair this morning and
Parliament? No. Yeah it was like somebody threw something it was a whole bunch
like powder went up in the baby powder. I think it was a message like take a
powder Tony get lost. It wasn't I guarantee you one thing because if it would
we'd have been hearing about it all day long. I don't know what the hell I had
that anthrax. Yeah what's what's that under anthrax? It is no it's not. I already
played it one. Oh that's right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T
in Verizon Wireless line Chelsea Clinton better start moving up their list or I'm
gonna be really parked off. If Chelsea don't start getting a few votes George is
gonna do the show tomorrow. WQM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah you need to put
Roseanne on there. Roseanne is grotesque. She's nasty. She is obnoxious. Disconn
that's just the way she looks either. You're telling me you got to put her up there.
Okay thanks pal. All right you guys. See you around the block. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh and
listen to this ABC news says definitely a cover up a cover up. Oh my God.
Dozens of soldiers other than the seven military police
reservists who have been charged were involved in the abuse of Iraq's Abu
Ghraib prison and there's an effort underway in the army to hide it a key
witness in the investigation told ABC news. A cover up what a shock what a
surprise. Military intelligence analyst Sergeant Samuel Provins told ABC News
that the sexual humiliation of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib began as a
technique ordered by the military intelligence and interrogators. There's
definitely a cover up the witness Sergeant Samuel Provins said people are
either telling themselves or being told to be quiet. Provins who's about
30 man was part of the 300 second military intelligence battalion station in
Abu Ghraib last September. He spoke to ABC News despite orders from his
commanders not to what I was supposed what I was surprised that was the
silence he said the collective silence by so many people that had to be
involved that had to have seen something or heard something. Provins now stated
stationed in Germany where he will follow orders very well you understand.
They have this. Grand the top secret computer network used by military
intelligence at the prison. He said that while he didn't see the actual views
taking place the interrogators with whom he worked freely admitted they
directed the MPs rough treatment of prisoners. Anything the MPs were to do
legally or otherwise they were to take those commands from the interrogators he
said. One interrogator told me how commonly the detainees were stripped
naked in some occasions wearing women's underwear he said it is your if it's
your job to strip people naked yell at them scream at them humiliate them it's
not going to be too hard to move that to that from that to another level. It
goes on and on. Yeah it's just a big cover up there's all kinds of crap going on
and Rumsfeld was behind it was that any of that operation code SAP copper no not
SAP. It's in one of these stories I'll get to it eventually copper
copper head. Oh I can't say that anymore oh sorry
we're just talking about pennies they're having a sale of pennies. Right copper
pennies right tastes like a anyway stuttering gills says what about whoopie
Goldberg oh no man. Meals that I have eaten years ago are starting to force
their way back up thinking about whoopie Goldberg and those dead locks. Oh here's
what says Queen Elizabeth she is extraordinarily ugly now what do you know what
do you expect her to look like and was she good looking when she was younger she
was just regular no she was not regular she was nasty nasty ass Battenberg looking
bitch the house of Windsor man I mean Windsor Raceway my friend Marty Adler I do
like you know especially when Kevin Wallace and Brad Kramer are driving on
Wednesdays and Sundays at Windsor Raceway but other than that but the house of
Windsor that you know what they say in China don't you a hubman drear where they
say hubs a in drear it's something like that brush up on your yadders get it right
let's see here's one oh boy this year and I like this one she's a great person
that says but what about let me give you a clue she's a little crazy shaky oh
oh yeah yeah yeah of course I don't leave our girl Jenny you go boy
janirino you know too bad she didn't win that I think we got sucked out of that
whole building bright deal he had a trineman's chance in hell how come we
have an headache calls about the hard rock casino thing yet because they're all
busy in there they're probably having a good time plunging their guts out see
the idea that we don't have gambling in a state and I read a couple letters to
editor in the papers this week oh man you owe farce to want all the rest of us to
have a crappy time and I'd enjoy life you people are just just take the dirt nap
right now okay just just crawl under the dig a hole in the ground crawl in there
and if somebody shovel you under and that's it get lost we'll put a little
pansy on top of your gravesite I mean stop already you ought to see
somebody's letters I know you don't read it and I only do it because I do this
show my fingers dirty but oh brother the last thing we need is more gambling and
what they got there was one in the paper yesterday and we got to close down
the gambling we got now yeah yeah and church bingo too right oh no no never
gonna happen man now watch yourself about the cow lottery the cow patty
a lot I think you got one like clearance Thomas said one took over the line is
what you got I wish and then after that then you get him tracks five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty we'll get some spy reports this week on the
hard rock casino Joe Costello called me and told me about it the other night I
know I already said that but I'm I just keep repeating that because I have no
idea when he might be listening and as much as I like him a lot he's a great
guy don't call me at home and you know we have nothing more to talk about if I
find something out if I know about anything I'll put it on the ear and then
everybody in town will hear about you know I'll come on and say oh guess what
Joe's gonna be I was most starting on Monday or you know something like that or
you'll call Barry Jackson oh no I will not he's already got his source he's got
his mole okay I wouldn't call Barry Jackson if he had a million dollars in cash
waiting for me in small bills okay Barry Jackass only a only a complete shameless
idiot would consult with Barry Jackass only somebody with absolutely no
self respect because birds of a feather can sort together you know what I'm
talking about I think you what are you talking about break it you that's what I'm
talking about 26 after 11 at 560 WQ Murray still reluctant to buy a bet over the
phone for 25 years millions of people have dialed one 800 mattress MATT RES for
lowest possible prices in the best brands and betting the easiest possible way
to buy a mattress because there's absolutely no risk if it's not perfect in
every way just call them back for a full comfort exchange completely free
within 30 days no extra fees no strings attached to all my choices rank
number one customer satisfaction and the winners of the 2004 better
business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call one 800
mattress you'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your
schedule when it's convenient for you and the best customer service in the
business why would you waste any of your time slipping from showroom to show
room and wasting a lot of money to dial amateurs has the complete line of
cclyseur to king corals Simmons temperpede experience of an antisfoster from
Kendall Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers dial amateurs can deliver the finest
betting around any wears I've been using them for years and believe you me it's a
piece of cake just one easy call is all it takes just call one 800 mattress one 800
MATT RES or log under their website at mattress.com give them a call right now
toll free 1 800 MATT RES
and local this is for 205 city
you way you way yeah
I tell you nothing have it your way I hate to resort to torture but you leave
me no alternative hold him down and put the phone up to his ear
no no anything but that please you have reached great Satan HMO
to be put on hold until you lose your mind and slam the phone down press one
not please to be transferred to someone who will tell you your prescription is
not covered press to this is a new man to talk to someone who will
automatically deny your claim press three you are violating the Geneva Convention
to speak directly with the great Satan HMO representative who will make you
repeat everything twice and then accidentally hang up on you press
you know good news by the way George I hear that Todd Rex working on a great
Satan HMO game on a year for it tomorrow
so you can do some spots 11 32 at 5 60 WQM we got the mad dog
oh right we got the Hebrew hammer and four and then we got Marlon stuff man
Marlon's in Houston and I feel tried again try to get it right I see the only
head like about 12,000 people are last night that's at least in the box
score which means they really had like nine or ten now what the excuse I guess
will be that everybody all the sports fans were staying home watching the
heat lose that must be it right what's the excuse going to be tonight no more
heat games they're done they gave it a vanguard effort they got beat
7378 lost they're done so any panther playoff games no oh maybe they're all
gonna be home to watch Calgary and San Jose I don't think so
by the way let me just say this Tampa Bay as much as I like them they really have a
very very exciting good team but Tampa Bay lightning and the Calgary flames if it
turns out that's the matchup and a stand-up finals the networks are gonna
kill themselves not the CBC because we got one Canadian team there eight but man oh man a
matchup made in purgatory Calgary and Tampa Bay oh my oh my goodness
anyway the article that the guy was faxing me before which is on our website
atrocities in Iraq I killed innocent people for our government
it's a very long interview it's on theorages.com I just I'm just gonna read a
little bit okay because it's a Honduras one on plus it's an interview it's a
question and answer thing we forget what war is about what it does to those
who wage it knows who suffer from it those who wait were the most I've
often found our veterans who know it Chris Hedges New York Times reporter author
of war is the fourth that gives us meaning said that for nearly 12
year staff sergeant Jimmy Massey was a hardcore some say gung-home marine in
fact you know what his favorite word was for three years he trained
fellow Marines in one of the most grueling indoctrination rituals in military
life marine boot camp with a without dr. Laura and Sally Jesse Raphael the
Iraq war changed Massey the brutality the sheer carnage of the U.S. invasion
touched his conscience and transformed him forever he was honorably discharged
with full severance on the last December 31 and is now back at his hometown
Wayne'sville North Carolina when I talked with Massey last week he expresses
remorse at the civilian loss of life and incidents in which he himself was in
va na just we'll read one brief question and answer what does the public need to
know about your experiences as a marine answer the cause of the Iraqi
revolting against the American occupation what they need to know is we killed a
lot of innocent people I think at first the Iraqis had the understanding that
casualties are a part of war but over the course of time the occupation
hurt the Iraqis and I didn't see any humanitarian support
and it goes on a great length and you really should read it unless of course you're
one of those headline readers oh gee they chopped off that kid uh this head
you know we did was uh take some pictures with some underwear
and put them people back in the hood they should have bombed us maybe
out of Puerto Ricci Williams back in the hood straight in his act out aren't
you concerned about that I think it's really uh an oldman that they brought
in clearance token Thomas to lecture the dog know uh how much he's paying
oh I would say about 30 man okay five six seven he's I'm sure he's got a lot
better crap than you're good I'm sure from jealous in fact even Troy
Stratford said at this morning said he's he's we only wishes that he get the
good stories that's what Troy Stratford said our ball hit a geek he's good guy
Troy we actually like him a lot for a sales guy especially we like
Adam and we like Troy and right to the sale department uh hubman dread
well does somebody on is there somebody nice I mean do we like Skippy no we can't
sking Stan Skippy he's an idiot uh Todd Dreck I don't want to ever mention his name
again Gary Sarner oh man all I can say about him is oh somebody sneak his smuggle
in a pork and cheese sandwich for Gary Sarner for lunch yeah yeah
yeah go over to Troy O'Tropicale get one in pork sandwiches and then just just to make
sure how trapehral really is sneak a little bit of cheese on earth to some melted cheese
whiz or something just to make sure it's really trapehral burn and hell oh god
anyway who is the ugliest big name female Rosie O'Donnell 61 Rosie now we got one
here that we can play I don't know yeah
play as much as we can so we can't play anymore
certainly you must realize we knew it honestly it's not that big a shock
if you would keep watching we're to do it oh my god
that's so easy correct
I have no line and that's it see we can play the whole thing I'm right there's one
mark it down on your calendar folks in your daily planner Rosie O'Donnell which I like
her lady Madonna a lot in fact any any bit that's done with that tune even if it's a crappy bit
which that one's the remember good now fat ass Rosie that that's another story yeah what I bet
it's not even in here it's in there but is it yeah there's fat ass Barbie all right
I'm just gonna have to be a little more delicate with those big fat ass
rolly please go away find a new way to attack up a big go home and eat your whole
holes until you explode just like your fat fat churn and ladies have to bite your seats on a plane
it's been in your fingers that have yellow stain from sea toes
into your toes but you have your piggy goon oh
how could be fat disgusting and tasty oh I think that's enough well no it's in
those last few seconds that sure and I'm just not then training for that right now because
that because the problem is that these it's back hot don't match what they're doing at
border trial and anyway and I just don't need a grief five six because we don't want
muffler and oh gee I heard something out there where that gray area yeah you're in a gray area
just take out the art anyway five six seven oh five sixty I mean I come back here a month later
the same crap with the pots on the board the lights the maybe even the mic switch was under
the circumstances that were in that we can't say into this and that and everybody's so peeing in
their pants you think that the mic switch that had the life that would work it doesn't sometimes
it does sometimes it don't and this other one at the Florida flicker and light keeps flickering out
can't be bothered with that Monday morning our commanders like a whole bunch of these things on a
360 over here to want to make these sounds like that and they're like just been erased deleted
deluded and deleted and between the two of them they're just spending too much time much
much too time as to ask that's that's what it's all about yeah yeah popping pills and sitting around
asked to ask just like rush man it's kind of a sorry side I'm sorry I have to be here to see it
five six seven oh five who's 60 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what a place man
what a place get me out here can god it is just and these people all that in the yeah see the
audience doesn't even come close to getting it that's a sad part everything that they think
is stick is real and what they think is real that's the they just don't stick it that's their problem
no that's all right I don't really care the paychecks are showing up on time I've gone
clearance you're doing something what's left doing what's her excuse besides listening to those
bokeh Brian bits you know there's only like four or five every week that that can't just
to five five day a week the better it'll be five oh that's right I forgot they don't want to pay for
five and of course whose number six you are number two five six seven yet I might five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line we need somebody come in
and hold our hand see if they were really on top of things they'd a drag Todd wreck right there
a lot of here instead of distracting me 25 minutes of that before the show that would be part of
their job protecting the assets I should have shot video I mean he was hopping up in Dalekah
like a Mexican jumping bean and heat and by the way Todd the answer is still no I don't
want anything to do with you just go away somebody QA and hello oh good morning Neil I'll worry
yes sir how you doing I got a hard rock fire report please okay I was there on the second day
and I absolutely we had no problem parking and no problem getting in no problem getting to
the poker table but as far as the decor I mean if you if you if you really think hard you think
you're in Vegas except there's no gambling you know they've got those phony slot machines and they've
got the poker tables but the hotel itself is beautiful it's gorgeous top notch but I as far
as the slots go you know I just don't trust those engines in Vegas you know they tell you at 99% payout
90 yeah here they don't tell you anything you know they don't have to legally tell you what the
payout is yeah yeah if you're lucky I lost about 40 bucks my brother-in-law won about 350
Blampoka one thing I did notice between the daytime and the nighttime the daytime you would think
as far as the people are there you you're in an old age home right all your aunt is because
everybody else is working yeah the average age is dead but at night the class starts to come out a
little bit you know you got the hot looking babes and people are dressed up a little bit they got
a beautiful concert hall I ate it one of the restaurants and it was excellent uh so you know
so far so good you know considering what we've got but uh I mean it's lame I mean I love going
to Vegas or even Paradise Island right but this has to be like everything else we got here half
fast it can't be the real thing it's got to be good and by the way for your poll yes sir don't
still keys the rate we got it man have a great day you do but see it the hard rock it's 1142 at 560 WQM
the lights of west vocals the place for all you fat people out there whether you're on the
Actors oh and they were they were teasing for an hour the other night on CNN wolf blitzkrieg oh
we've got the very latest they're just out this hour that between the low carbon low fat you know
what what did they tell you nothing absolutely nothing you people at sir at the uh certainly
Nazi network man you you people are crazy the crazy Nazi network that CNN
teased it for an hour and at the bottom line was absolutely nothing
anyway if you're out on a low carb diet it's like just about everybody is head for a
D lights of west bokeh the number one low carbs store in a country many of the reduced
carb products on the store shelves are geared toward cutting back on carbs but they're still loaded
not toward losing weight the lights of west bokeh's expertise has always been on losing weight on
the weight loss phase of low carb dieting so you can trust your life on it or somebody else's
that with over a thousand products in stock just about all of them have got the lowest possible
carbs that can fit in way successful low carb weight loss plan give you some taste and variety
like you're still losing that weight the spring sale isn't full so swing right now so stop on by
their staff knows dieting inside and out and they're open every day seven days week from 10
an a and built 10 p.m. the lights of west bokeh is safely far from Moeshouse it located on the
northeast corner of glades in 441 next to Boston market look just like you're in Tamarack
or call toll free 1 877 low carb L.O.W.
C.A.R.B.R on web at slowcarb.com
D lights of west bokeh most definitely is your official atkins retail center
from Washington DC it's our players week on jeopardy today's contestant a beltway secretary
Donald Rumsfeld a senior VC Dick Cheney and a chief executive George W. Bush and now the host
of jeopardy Alex from facts thank you Johnny welcome contestants here are the categories
Iraqi prisoner abuse mistreatment of POWs unconventional torture and ends with D
all correct responses in that category end with the letter D George W. Bush picked a category
let's say here um I'm gonna go with the ends with a day for 100 Alex
yes sir when naked Iraqi prisoners are piled atop one another they form this shape
Donald Rumsfeld what is it triangle incorrect remember all responses end with the letter D
George W. Bush what is uh triangle D.O.W. Dick Cheney a pyramid form of a question please
oh of course who's the idiot that released the pictures of the naked Iraqis making a pyramid
correct now choose I choose to blame at all on Donald Rumsfeld hey I like that good one deck thank you
thank you I'm sorry gentlemen blaming Rumsfeld is not an option want a bat hold that up
we have to take a break back with more jeopardy power players after these words so that's
gonna be our poll question tomorrow and Donald Rumsfeld old goat or scapegoat 5 6 7 0 5 6
pound 5 60 on the 18 and T or old cout absolutely oh few of those on the 18 and T
of Roy's line here's a fact from Maxwell Todd's remember him Britisher used to call us
oh yeah that guy Maxwell he says I used to call and speak with you in the early to mid 90s when
I was living here in surfside and back in my name Manchester UK I spoke at a time I was pulled
from the sea by a lifeguard who insisted on giving me mouth to mouth order to save me the only problem
was I had never been unconscious the lifeguard gave me oral herpes I sued and won a settlement which
I kind of disclose shocking in any why's that shocking that lifeguards would have oral herpes
and if they lived in all the lifeguards listen to the show by the way and we like you guys but
stay in hell away in any case I want to import all of your list use to stay out of the waters
of self-order while the raging riptides are going on you may drown or you may get herpes if you're
rescued a lifeguard cannot revive you and they might give you the big h if you never get off the
sand right right thanks for kindly hearing this public service announcements at Maxwell Tata etc
how do you like that see they probably started it was a british or he wanted to have a lifeguard
stung on his throat he was a brit after all right all the way down yeah all right maybe they
thought he'd enjoy that spotted ow five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT
and Verizon line let's see that pool who's the ugliest big name female going or gone
Rosie O'Donnell 67 Sandra Bernhard 58 to bet we didn't put John Scurry or Carrie Alexander
you're right she's not a big name not yet but we're gonna make her famous sure we'll start
uh Joey Zaza maybe he's got a she had a Bella Figuora oh yeah she has a little like you famous too
she just keep her face covered Sandra Bernhard 58 see that crew is 42 nice going you go boy
Linda trip 41 horse face Barbara Streisand 24 Janet Reno 14 and culture 14 grad of ancestor in 10
Camelaparker bowls nine and uh chura prince Charles hunts yeah apparently for tally
they it's tally holy hunt they get on him horses they got the fox the the hounds and the whatever
the fox on they're still doing that oh yeah all the animal lovers out there are forming it
the month but he puts on him kielson he's always wearing the kielson I wish you'd like to point out
they're comfy prince Charlie yeah getting this for a breeze quick entry and exit goats and here's the
goalberg six dr. Judy Dean that means kites got five Monica Lewinsky four Chelsea Clinton's got four
she had to have a lot more than four I'll tell you that
share has got four rosand three glorious step on three Joan Rivers has a pair and who'd want to see
him Queen Elizabeth one and spielkeys deraille none out of three three eleven yeah poor Joan Rivers I
mean yeah poor Joan Rivers my ace no I don't like her I mean you know maybe two seconds every 10
years she's funny you know what I mean right isn't it would be enough if for no other crime she inflicts
her daughter on us right all the time no but I'm saying why does she continue doing in other words when
when you reach a certain point when they made you look I understand but you're not letting me finish
when they've made you look so ridiculous that it's just it's a disgrace does she think they can
undo the damage is that what it is I don't know her her nose is like pointing in like a compass it's
pointing in all directions at the same time yeah that's her but if you turn on the
home shopping channel I'm sure she's there pedaling some crap five six seven oh five sixty
pond five sixty on the eighteen probably Pete Rose is on air he's pedaling some crap he's
another pull oh let me tell you the story about Pete Rose W.D. Q.A.M. Hello hello yeah hi I was
trying to get hold of Neil got him hey Neil how you doing pretty good good love you show man thank you
hey yeah I got one for your poll how about that the froggy french Canadian witch Celine Dion would
be magnificent is getting all her concerts cancelled in Vegas because she's sick and we're pretty happy
about it yeah she went pretty sick of her ugly you bet in fact we love it thanks the
pencil out pal and the Canadians to try to deport her ugly ass and the rest of her to someday
Celine Dion a real pain in the ass I got a great pull for Friday I'm not gonna if you want to
do the thing I don't I don't know see ugly men it's not gonna that's how you can have that I don't
want it I'm not doing that okay I got my poll for Friday already do I dare say what it is I won't
steal it because this was in the inquire magazine picks the craziest celebrities oh yeah to see some
the pictures on their I don't want to tip my hat so to speak because then we'll see your ball
right but anyway then we'll do that on Friday and of course in the meantime interspersed with some
of these stories that most of you don't care about because you don't want to know what's
we're going on the world this is very sad although maybe it's a better idea maybe ignorance is bliss
maybe now these are the times when those words were never true or ignorance is bliss I mean look
at our president five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T look at Todd Rick for
example talking about ignorance look at Gary Sarner who released his smart enough not to come
anywhere near the studio while I'm here I don't even see him out there on the bench probably
between like ten and two fifteen he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like somewhere else
yeah and they in a kosher tearoom oh yeah he's got a separate he's got a separate tearoom it's
been koshered even the rabbi came in and licked off the seat oh look at this Madeline all bright
man you know what Madeline said about those half a million Iraqi children died because of that
to depleted uranium to say it was worth it madeline all bright I just have a little respect for her
now I have very little another piece of crap five six seven oh five how's that road back coming
and where oh where is the quartet how many QA and hello sir I got a chick for your bowl go ahead
how about Nancy Grace Nancy Grace is sensational choice I hate that bitch more than you can ever
imagine me too five oh okay five six uh hey nothing is perfect man you didn't you just you take
these things so hard yes you do you just you make that up expression on your face no you didn't
nobody could make a murk expression like that like I just take what you get have any learned
by now and I'm gonna take it tomorrow you'll really have a fantastic show I can smell it no
you're ready you will you'll see I'll see something we're warming up a little bit for summertime for
jubilee in august when I do those two week those Tuesday and Thursday deals for two months so
actually I should I should tell him right now look that was okay after 9.11 for a little while but
now any day could be the end of the world so uh let's just no sir let's make that two day and
Thursday crap I don't need to be working July and August oh yeah you do no why so they can sell
some spots so Todd wrecking go out and sell us some right phony spots and phony clients with some
phony BS man oh man I'm gonna tell you Todd wreck there is the anti christ on his ass
wreck them six six six on his ass didn't you see that he showed me his ass for 25 minutes this morning
so the shagin it hoppin and dancing around here like the like he had seen by his dancing his
pants just stay the hell away from me Todd wreck I don't want to see you I don't want to know you I
don't want to spend and the answer to your question is no no no chance ever finito with that go
pedal it to somebody else around here we don't care go pedal it to defo over there on a 50 they got
no audience anyway if your carpets are really schmootsy man maybe your area rugs your
rental rugs need cleaning maybe your furniture or poster you drape your all of these things just
call our good friends you drive concepts this is a no brainer I've been using them for over 20
years in a variety of homes and you ought to be using them all the time too why oh why would
you ever want to slap home heavy equipment from the store and try to do it yourself why would
you open up the other pages and then trust your expensive carpeting to a bunch of ass murderers
dry concepts they use only certified train technicians and other stuff inside and out and they dry
your they dry clean your carpets just like dry clean your clothing it's an exclusive pendant
method that nobody else in the world does leaves your carpets looking brand new leaves them vibrant
in color softer the touch they smell emity fresh they're drying a couple of hours you really can
clean today entertain tonight so what's not to like and don't forget they are giving a written
guaranteed price before they start to work if you call them right now and tell them to put
you understand by list they'll save you even an extra 15% off there are already unbeatable
reasonable price on the stupidest job they do for you so call dry concepts today you would never
dream of using anybody else again here's their toll free number 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071
run a web it's dry concepts dot com they are the best
we're supposed to be on 5cc
ua
smart Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on q a m
and another thing
you're the only one with a big star by now
that little bit sweet voice
how do you expect to get anyway a little beauty
we take you
and i think i said it's a surprise
i want to put 3500 white
that i have got on the
you want to have a white
here you
yeah what a bus
the more i hate you
what do i do
and when i hate you
i want to
time
your pet agree
no don't know
cheese a roll
ah
let me hear the call
ah
and point
ah
why you why you're the smart
you
i know my smell attracts you
thank you
but unlike that you
you still got
such a
cool
i feel just like
that you are
my kid
and
what did you do another
that's why you're so
much
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
oh man on a disc
what what's all good is that you haven't
got anything in his DCS this day
i just take this and throw the trash if i were you
yeah
what a $100 bills you got there you got a big
reward going on uh
past tense holy moly see
five six seven oh five
oh and speaking of that bit i just played you almost
threw me off it all i'm uh big bills you're tossing
around uh i did bring the books on the
the access of evil by scott teller that i was going to give
the judge i'm on the inner forgot about it and since uh
if i give it to you now i'll never get it back in time you
can't have it
well i got a list i've got people waiting to read it
right now go ahead i want you to read it to me anyway
oh i see
no it's uh this is the one you got to read
all right maybe i'll let you take a look at the pictures of some of the uh
deformed babies from the uh pictures now we're talking
american soldiers and things like uh oh no i don't want to see that
why because we don't do anything wrong like uh
well no that's just me uh depended uranium that's not a liar
that's not a raki kids that we here's a little kid with the like he
little short arms in our bodies to my side
and he's the alligator arms
yeah yeah
at any rate we only do good
there's a whole bunch and then let me say it again too
about the one picture i think is really worth
billion words where the hell is it
where they're climbing over the uh
remains of some uh where some tank
where where the hell is that thing
oh here it is
in the immediate aftermath of the Gulf War
allied troops climbed aboard cheddar to raki vehicles
and search the souvenirs and a spray paint them with graffiti
no one was awarded the possible long-term health hazards
posed posed by lingering depleted uranium residue
i see
so in Vietnam we had agent orange
right in a red call for one we had depleted uranium
and a bunch of other things as well and now in this one we got the more depleted uranium and some other crap as well
not to mention all the landmines that people keep
step step on driving on or little kids he pick it up and play in the little games with the little
developing i'm dead
those are landmines of love so if they don't know how to use them right there
i see if we had princess diana still here right that was her big thing you know the landmines
yeah that's what they told her to be right a poster child
right right while all the brrr they got to do something
besides just around the sitting around running on horses playing croquet and silly ass crap like that
running around and kills
yeah the brits
i think let's invade england
they have no oil though i got nothing we want
even their cuisine sucks
oh man fat
so like i said let's invade Saudi Arabia
okay hook up the host i'm telling you i've been telling you that for years
how much you don't have it in here until we blow up packet now you see you got nothing here
i'm not being there it's ancient until we blow up packet stand
it's not in there
it wasn't in here the last time i was here and you guys certainly have been doing any work since then
so why would it be in here now?
the other stuff in there
yeah but that's an important bit
i don't have it here i didn't bring stuff that ancient in fact i got all that stuff in my dcs all
them this could put away
yeah so i wouldn't bring them here
i'll find it
you will not find it now we went through this last time i was here you don't have it
i probably took it this way with me
yeah you did that's why
yeah which you never of course anybody got around to put in here because uh
beenervoir he was too busy laying on the floor uh getting uh mouth to mouth
with forow they were doing the old mouth to mouth with forow
we didn't do that wow wow wow wow wow that's beautiful for
yeah sure i'm going to tell you right now Greg read out to be on death row just just
for that whole forow business and i'll tell you this too
and that is that we had any middle-level management people with any cahons they would have said
please Greg please don't do that now we we we aren't going to allow you to do this
it's like when you're dealing with somebody who's absolutely irresponsible
you know i'm talking about i like the president and you have to be strained them you have to
like get the straight jacket and the butterfly in it and it just keep them occupied so that
you can get them past whatever the latest the history is and move on uh the something else
our middle-level management people are evil i agree hey there too busy ask to ask man
here's line nine wqa m
maybe
i might be good if we could hear it yeah it's not uh june taylor died too i'm sure you didn't
mention that from the june taylor dancers so that's for a really old fart crowd like me and
vokabra was a while back with though wasn't the Jackie leasing show what no she just died a couple
days ago she never mentioned it oh she was 86 that's old enough ma who
the june taylor dancers you never heard them no dimis the thing
like the rock kits wqa m hello hi me yes sir do you have monica whiskey on the table yes we
do as a matter of fact and she's doing fairly well for i'll be big name though what
she's not really a big name how she's not reverend jones i know who it was don't don't
be give me a song in advance i know exactly who it was a a simple invasible man an idiot
an absolute loser of the worst kind the great one you know if this is your life man calling
some stupid ass radio show like one from little havana and reverend jones man maybe the two of them
can a look will be a match made in purgatory they can go up to province town this weekend up to
p town in vacation in Cuba right i think that's right i think drive right on up to a candidate right
up the ball across the border hop on a plan on air candidate fly right to the van iman
on roll up some of the big fat stokies and bring them back even though they're not good anymore
no no i know that i think one of these days just just to prove a point i'm gonna get on a plane
in Toronto i'm gonna fly to havana all right go on his step the hotel's here i'm gonna visit
little alienito right how old would he be now i don't know why he was six when he was here
yeah what you was at but he'd be about ten well much much much too young
mm-hmm i'm thinking maybe another nine or ten years after i'm retired i'll go get on a plane
fly to havana be the correspondent and then i'll check out like when remember the abuela's
were checking the work what he's about twenty measuring it
ah
i didn't say what yeah it it it that depends on what remember what clinton said depends on what
means yeah see that's so it could be anything you're asking for that hearing on this show today
well that all depends on what it means on was is did uh splirt that stuff five six seven oh five
sixty it's i mean stop and think about this it's enough to make you want to cry
the american public like i said they have no clue what's going on in the world most of them
and in the meantime here's a guy that had like a couple of uh jobs and uh the blue dress and the
stain all this other crap yeah but he didn't have a slot and he lied about his sex life which is
nobody's fricking business even at ice prince at a salary if she wasn't such a dike maybe he
might have been getting some from from her but he wasn't and so and so the whole country the whole
world laughed at us while we were dragged through that crap in the meantime osama's doing his
thing he's got all the cells over here i'll sleeper cells and they're plotting all of this crap
and we're bogged down here the whole country with whether bubble got a uh job
and now we got a guy that's got he's got people over there based on a pack of lies even calling
poly other they admitted that it was a pack of uh misinformation he didn't say lies but we know
what it meant when he was uh when we were watching the palm trees on meat depressed
yeah they lied they made up stories and then of course it became something else well he must
they must have been a good for those some well that was full crap too well we're there for
operation Iraqi freedom he's a bad guy and then of course all of the stuff that they're finding
that he's supposed to seren gas and the muster gas this is just a little slop over from what we
gave him back in the 80s that's all it is we gave it to him here by all means use it on the
I told him and use it on the Iranians have a great time kill him yeah and we didn't want him to
win all we wanted was a stalemate right which is what we got a stalemate yeah do we have democracy
in Iran no are we ever going to have real democracy in Iraq no so what are we talking about we had
a stalemate he was fine we could have kept those inspectors in there for a hundred years
mm-hmm they could have kept him uh on the run I mean you see what a great uh what a genius he was
they found him in a damn hole in the ground I mean we could we could there was no problem there
it was obfuscation it was window dressing so doggy pony show so down the dirt and we could have
spent a high that hundred billion dollars instead of finding Osama your mama and Zarkawi dead
or alive which oh and that's another great thing now we killed him the first time and then we
didn't kill him he lost his leg and then oh no he didn't lose his blood again and no the voice
on it recording on that tape of the beheading wasn't him oh yeah no it was him and he's the one
that did it Zarkawi are you sure they are okay I mean he may be dead but look if I'm
just gonna do that show
here is not so nice check it carefully for life's he you there goes the great sedum
yeah the doctor said sedum hoping white but he couldn't find any weapons inside spider hole
spider hole that is where we found this troll raised his hands and wet himself very soon he will
rock and help at last president bush is so glad because the down this gone back down in the spider hole
how do you like that I had a dump that I didn't even know it because they said bag oh that bag
12 16 at 5 60 I apologize to the audience said a word that we've used 80 billion times that's
about as harmless as it gets but I don't want to hear any tears any gnashing and teeth and any of
those other who go cheese Greg they like the right over the line yeah I mean that's an ACN
bit and their stuff is about as tame as it gets no question even Janice what was your name
hurwitch what was your name on ding dong school oh that's for Francis hurwitch I say even she never
would say anything as tame as ACN they were not about your party mouth they do it in other words
they do pretty boring stuff most of the time but that was timely it all about saturday night in a
but they said bag they must have been thinking about Todd Dreck and Gary Sarner see up until this day
I never realized that the two of them were in leak together until you told me that I never realized
that they're two peas in the same pod five six seven oh five sixty oh so anyway I interrupted
you interrupted me at noon after I played the Moisee which is one of my all time favorites and I
just thought I mentioned it on the air because I'm sure that nobody in the building is going to
tell them because nobody here wants to look you right in the face and tell you the truth
guilty I hate to break the news here but Joe Rose kind of courted me in a hall this morning when I
came in and he said the last if it's the last thing I do I'm gonna make sure that guilty is not
on the show I don't want any part of me it's not a bad guy he's a good kid I don't I work alone is
what he said he really say any of this but I'm just making it up but what look that's what he was
taken but you know how my psychic powers yeah you could pick it up I haven't even seen Joe since I've
been back but I did he just you could just tell as I walked by that corner there Joe Rose was in
there thinking I don't want no intruders interlopers on the show if I can you know is he in Zach we're
doing that fake Harvey Green voice at the end of the show they're pretty lame but nevertheless
you know he he he doesn't need anybody else to come on there and try to be like a superstar now
when we talk about how much guilty is pulling down from this place and all of his other sort of
jumps at that point then you will hear George cry like a woman on the air for the first time
okay yes you do that's all good
more power to everybody right power to the people 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon
where I can't believe I had a belief that the spider hole I mean it's so innocuous I think the
people in this building have taken that whole thing a little bit too far if you catch my group
just a wee bit too far I mean talk about airing on the side of caution but airing on the on the
side of paranoia and psychosis and idiocy and stupidity and balllessness I mean I don't want to say
that we got anybody in the building it has absolutely no balls at all okay that that hasn't even
got like one little cahon but I mean 5 6 7 0 5 60 Rosie O'Donnell's got 86 who is the ugliest
big name female Rosie 86 Sandra Bernhard 75 what they hate Sandra Bernhard every time we do one of
these similar like this really ugly Linda trip 58 Cee La Cruz 51 Janet Reno 29 I tell you who we
lucked off of here if I can fight it this thing here and I guarantee I won't be able to Oprah yeah
she looks like LC DeBoard and Cow on a bad day all they'd have to do is put a bone through her nose
and she looks just like hey what no no seriously I'm not talking about Africa I'm just talking
about LC DeBoard and Cow you ring a ring through her nose or is it carnation no board and
carnation they have a ring around the collar I have they have a ring around the back of oh no
yeah let's get her on your Oprah okay while we're thinking about it Oprah she's gruesome Linda
trip 58 Cee La Cruz 51 quit picking on Celia man and Spitzer gonna take it out on you they're all
gonna be listening to CMQ FM to the Guillermo Schwartz guy they're gonna take it out yeah
I've seen it what are we what are we talking about here I just lost it oh Janet we know 30 30 for
Janet Barbara Streisand 27 and colder 20 Greta Van Suster in 16 Camilla Parker bowls 12 whoopi
Goldberg 10 Chelsea's got nine oh she she deserves so much more than that
Joan Rivers 5 Dr Judy Deans got five with his big horse teeth at Hyena bitch shares got four
Monica Lewinsky four Rosanne four Celine Dion four Gloria Stefan four spilkeys and a raise got three
Madeline Albright three Queen Elizabeth's got a pair what a horrendous thought that is oh god
I just about kicked up what she's playing a lot though oh well in that book the Royals by Kitty Kelly
Yeah, she said that what else the the husband Prince Philip
That he he just he what he had first of all he had some horror and airport in the world
So he was like traveling all the time but the other reason he was always traveling is because he couldn't get
her out of his bed you know that it's the royal family they got separate bedrooms he couldn't get her
out of there she's just a real slut really well whoever knew a queen that wasn't a slut
An anti-grace one and Oprah just went on there she'll magically move up that list make no mistake about Oprah
Yeah
Jesus a little bit too loud for me pal a little bit too loud just tone it down a little call back or not
Call up one from a little event we'll give you his number in a bit
W.Q.A.M. Hello
I got one for your pull in you yes sir how about Star Jones
Who is it Star Jones yeah now from the view yeah I know
Nancy good choice thank you
I thought you said will he Star Jones Star Jones yeah we got it
Well the Star Jones kind of ugly and then will he Star Jones die I believe I think he did pops
There was kind of a drug thing in those days and they parry dug out their Dave Parker or pops all
It wasn't just chicken on Hill with Will but that's an understaffed about Prince people 5 6 7 0 5
What?
None that I know you don't have any idea what I'm talking about when you know who Bob Prince was
We played that the clips there the pirate broadcaster sure even though you don't like your sports
You know at least who that is so that puts you way up on most of the other drop the bit
What bit that bit the Bob Prince did not a bit the whatever it is
The call the clip the thing the peach richy happening right chunk kiss a goodbye
That's why when some schmuck like Dave what's it name that Dave O'Brien says kiss a goodbye
I'd like to put my foot up his ass okay
Steel material from the late Bob Prince you ain't no Bob Prince okay Bob Prince was a friend of mine
So you ain't no Bob Prince Dave O'Brien doing the SPN games on a weekend like the the Z game the backup
Where the hell he is now to think that they fired Joe angel and to bring him in and then he like oh
Can I go to his PN instead please John Henry?
What a jerk and now we got this Dave Van Boring guy who nobody on it. I guarantee you
He must have found the same naked pictures Robert Gryper's got I heard Moldus more kissing Gryper's ass
He was doing a spot for some cell phone thing
And Gryper's oh
Yeah
I made a whole bunch of calls yeah nine calls
Robert Gryper's putting on you that that tells you the desperation that Moldus faces absolutely
You have to put Robert Gryper on here. Come on, Mold. It's bad enough wine from little Evanna. That's bad enough
But Robert the creepier Gryper
self-hating piece of turd
Let's stick him Gary Sarner and Todd Dreck in the same boat
The boat of him
Yeah
In fact one of them son cruise one of them cruise show would be good flaming cruises
Well, make sure that all the food on there's kosher
5670560 and why should that we bring kosher flowers to the tomb sites too
Too bad Gry Sarner is playing didn't crash coming back from New York
WQM hello
Hey, I'll tell you who's a real great actress but a scary troll looking woman. Yeah and Ramsey
And Ramsey who's that the little short lady what you play I think she was in the saint
And Ramsey
No, a lot of move. Okay. We'll take you. We're going to put her on her. Thank you, sir
And Ramsey I know I do who that is if I've told you once I've told you I'm
times
Don't question these callers. They know their crap. It's a speciality of the house
5670560 don't forget to take a look at Kim Basinger
She's on the naked as a jabird on our website today nearwarges.com and then take a look after you see that and say wow
Look at that then you'll take a look at
Alexander the great carry
And you'll say oh look at that you put your thumb up so you can't see your face. It's pretty good picture
No, it's not
Like I said if you put your thumb up no because you already I've already seen it. See so I can't quit
I have two vivid imagination and a good memory even though I have got my Alzheimer's going
Pentagon stops payments to Iraq's chalabee
Long overdue that's because they were embarrassed into it
The Pentagon has stopped funding. Uh, Dick Cheney's good personal friend Ahmed Chalabee the Iraqi exile
It wants to help my leader rack but his intelligence reports and motives were doubted elsewhere in Washington, US officials said yesterday
The Pentagon had been giving chill obvious Iraqi national congress roughly
340 grand a month a US defense official speaking on condition and anonymity said the Pentagon made its
May payment to the I and C and that was the final one no more
Just like those pictures if nobody would have ever filed out right and of course the same thing with this
The officials said there have been no decision on whether there would be any further Pentagon relationship
But you lobbies organization the nature of any future interactions with the I and C is that determined this time
They said deputy defense secretary Paul Heinrich Himmler Wolfewood said cutting off money to the I and C was a decision
That was made in light of the process of transferring sovereignty to the Iraqi people right
We know if felt it was no longer appropriate for us to continue funding in that fashion he said to a known
uh
Criminal felon extortionist all of these things evil doer Ahmed Chalabee
Whose uh nephew whatever it is the niece whoever that want to say l'm Chalabee is also on the Iraqi government council just by coincidence
It's a family affair just like the whole bush thing. It's a family affair. And by the way, how's uh what's your name doing Terry Shiveaux?
My line and local
We're sports radio five sixty two and you a yeah
I
Am Charlie the gay I am Charlie the gay I am I am I was married to princess
I she never even knew that I was buying now everyone knows Charlie Charlie likes to give his women to a man
I'm a gay old prince I'm Charlie Charlie the gay I am
Second verse just as per verse I am Charlie the gay I am Charlie the gay I am I am I think men are really keen
That's why someday maybe I'll be queen my boyfriend's name is Camilla
I love because she looks just like a man like a man. I'm a gay old prince. I'm Charlie Charlie the gay I am
You you
Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie the gay I am I am Charlie the gay I am I have no life
Well 31 and 560 WQM here's the facts. I don't agree with this at all Martha Stewart
I think she's ugly. I think what she is now that she weighs 600 pounds. I'm not gonna put her on air
She was she was what she used to be a model or something didn't she? Yeah, she died minutes lately kind of like pain Jane
Look initials last few years although Sean in the hallway gave me one. Yes the Arthur. Oh, man. She always the young what that be
It's a man, baby. What that be honey. What that thing?
Anyway be Arthur. Did you put it on? Oh, yeah, yeah, here we go
Mord
And Claude let's see somebody says grace Jones. Oh, yeah grace Jones is not just not just ugly but strange
Peculiar looking weird out of from another planet from Uranus
Here's one that says from Tucker who's a faction again because he's out of control
eh
condolese
Or it says is Dr. Rice on the pole sir for the duplication. That's Dr. Rice to you Tucker, okay, and by the way strut out that bow tie
Tucker
You know what they call his mother don't you
Yeah, yeah bitch
5 6 7 0 5 60 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Rosio Donald 94 Sandra Bernhard 82 those seem to be the ones one of those little boxes
I on my thing there. What is that?
On the poor result where did I come from here? I got four little boxes on the first floor voted selections there
Do you know all I can't exactly
Oh
With that fine piece of equipment that you have in there might be my fault
Oh, I know what it is. It's those little pink
Percentage things. Oh, they just the graph right the graph. Excuse me. Steffi graph
Rosie 94 Sandra Bernhard 83 Linda trip 67 the ugliest big name female
And again all inspired by John Kerry's daughter which we didn't even only had that daughter
Right no wonder in the broom closet and again we can see why sure hope the same don't happen him in the polls that happened
Our Dean after he led his me sky wife on the loose dr. Judy Dean
I sure wish we had that bit and I apologize for that the prince Charles. That's the only one you got here
That's not the good one. Oh, okay with the queen on the phone
So we don't have anything good. Oh, well, I'm doing the best I can go to QA. I'm hello
Oh, how about Anna Nicole Smith
disgusting
grotesque
Cowlike and Nicole Smith seems to me like we've done this pull before haven't we
Sort of no not this really not this one
Huh not this one and if we did sue us okay, who is the ugliest big name female I never did that
But she and any pull that similar like this she always gets on there because she's discussing in grotesque and there are a lot of guys who think she's
Really hot she used to be
Before she turned around 500 pie now she's down to 450 though. She lost the weight
But she's still kind of scared she's slimming down big time makes me think of that what what's that one old AC in bit
The summertime bit about slather on it
You know what I'm talking about which one solar oil
Oh, so soli oil of what is that oil of the band you soli yeah
Is that it something like something like that? Maybe I'll actually find that or not we have a book
Yeah for those
Why were you looking up on the top there? Oh because those discs are back. Yeah, I'm not gonna where you couldn't me
Spam to solar maybe it's in here. I'm sure it's not no, but it's on the desk
Cuz see I put a whole bunch of good ones in my DCs all in the library. I'm way ahead of you guys you guys got crap
Deputy QA. I'm hello. How about Mo Griffin?
WQM hello
Neil yes sir. I have someone for your pull. Yes
How about John Lennon's wife
Yoko yeah, well, you're named even her name is ugly. You were good point. Thank you palies
A matter of fact too bad she was not there and well, that's bad
We said that all the time well what can they do her right?
Dammit bitch
Yoko Oh no man those guys were the Japanese wives. I'm sorry Eric
Erick's wife actually is lovely so beautiful
She must have bad eyesight
Or it needs to stay in the country
Oh, then that's terrible. I can whoa. I can't believe you said that although you may be honest something
WQM hello
Yeah, Neil yes sir. Hey, I'm going to answer them on Friday any suggestions
Yeah, get some the fries there get some flams of free this okay. Get some good fries with mayonnaise
Any suggestions go away get lost baby get out of my face
Go away. Okay. In fact, when you see all the big canals with that dirty brown water hop in it, okay
Forget about them glass bottom boats. You don't need no boat just hop in a canal
Step on one of the coffee houses first to be or maybe a few to magic magic mushrooms will do the trick for you
Just hop in the old canal have a good time
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18 and T of Verizon wireless line say how do the pet rider McDonald's there on the damrat
The one that hangs out under the fries and the what do they call it thing
Where they're frying the fries the fryer well, I guess but I mean that the the fryer the deep fried fryer
On the deep fat fries there the pet rat that's been there for a couple of years now every time I go in there never fail to see it comes running out
Oh, it does run out. It's not like a dead rat. It's just there. No, no
It's not a dead rat it runs around and you and you I don't want to say anything. I mean, what are you gonna say?
Eka rat yeah, but they got to know that it's there see what I'm saying right? I mean
When you're there they purposely never looked there and a rat coming I mean how many times have I been in that place
The last couple of years maybe twice and now that I found the Albert hind to go a little supermarket there
I wouldn't dream of going into McDonald's again ever
But I only been there two or three times in a lot in that McDonald's in last year
And every time I go in there. It's there
You see what I'm saying can't just be a coincidence
Maybe they just let it run around is kind of like a curiosity thing sir. Everybody's there. Oh my gosh
Do you see the little rat that runs around all the deep prior McDonald's on the dam rack and I'm standing right yeah
No, it's not a pest. It's a pet. Yeah, it's a pet rat
Or maybe it's a gerbil
Wtc. QA. I'm hello
Great. I'm on Susturn. She's on there sir. Great. I'm on Susturn. She's already on there very poor reading number one and number two
She's already on there
Great. I'm on Susturn. Don't you like when you say that much
terrible Wtc. I am hello. Oh, yes. I'd like to add Barbara Bush to the Paul excellent choice
Thank you. Thank you so much Martha Washington or Barbara Bush ever seen together same person
And maybe Betsy Ross too
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 do that whole bush clan man, and that's spelled with a K
They just turn my innards make me want a puke
And don't forget we got eight years after the Bushmeister wins after W gets another four
And we got eight years of Jeb then we got eight years of George P
Everybody come out in the parking lot and watch George P and then we can start working on the girls
And then we can start working you can start working on the girls
Because by that time they ought to be about 80
Yeah
It's the makes a travel
You shot that I say whoa
The truth is she is fine and done
But there should be some rest in too
Because you know
Can't be as good as number one
And there is nothing more than a talk I need
I hope this my friends
I'm
You know
The last one can make much sense
It's all about your conversation
You know
If you just got the audience
Yeah
Yeah, if there are any good scenes for Lauren Smith
True
I
1244 560 WQM got you managed to do the Humpworth 4 Marlins baseball pregame 630 705
Houston at Florida
Right here up the street
Who is the ugliest big name female is our poll question today in the O'Rodges.com when you're through looking at all them naked pictures
And of course you got to be over the age of 110 and have four forms of ID
Rosio Donald 101 Sandra Bernhard 87 Linda Trips got 69 wonder how her son's doing
Celia Cruz 58 what trepid is he probably tripped on it
See to Cruz 59 Janorino 37 Janice making her move Barbara Streisand's got
And quarter 21 Greta van Sustern I'm sorry Greta van Sustern
Retire she's got 19 will be goal verse 16 Kamehna Parker bowls 15 Chelsea Clinton and Celine Dion are tied with Teta piece
Joe Rivers eight Monica Lewinsky's seven spilkeys Norez got five Dr. Judy Deans got five Dr. Judy Dean
Shares got five Rosanna's got five Gloria Estefan a Madeline Albright for a piece same person
Dr. Condoleezza rice three please a condoleez it just go away Queen Elizabeth got two Yoko ono's got a pair
Barbara Bush two now what does it say Barbara Bush senior
Because that one daughter is Barbara Bush junior
She is I like to make that yeah, it's a Barbara Bush
I want to make the distinction so we're going to talk about the president's daughter Barbara. Oh
And Ramsey one and an equal Smith one Nancy Grace one Oprah has got one
Star Jones be Arthur and Grace Jones don't have any out of 531
I guess Jones just named the right name uh apparently how about George Jones
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18 and T line WQM. Hello
Is Q a M yes sir
Tonya Harding is disgusting yeah
Like I said 56705 60 we'll put Tonya Harding on there you can't you can't do that Pally
You can't start opening them off with like this and that and whatever else goes with that
And rat and rat that he was talking trying to get back to that rat and Amsterdam and McDonald's again
Do not eat it the McDonald's on the dam rack the one right by a dam square
There's another one way up the street now little one
They're all over the place as America continues poison in the world exporting poison everywhere we go
Some places the poison is in the form of the food some places it's in the form of anthrax other things
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18 and T and Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello
Neil yes sir how you doing pretty good how about uh is Maryland Mitchell qualify for your poll she qualifies big time
Maryland Mitchell with a cat eyes exactly it's very disturbing and also if we put
Get a cruise on Friday's poll as well
Okay, okay, whatever you like Pally have a great day
Now who's the first one he said
Maryland Mitchell oh Maryland Mitchell I just can't stand that so much I was just killing time there's that's right stalling
56705 60 pound 560 years line 9 WQM. Hello
I need to bother Bush. How about Dr. Laura disgusting rotes good choice. Thank you so much too late
Yeah, I was just reading to think about Dr. Laura in some conscious time she had with some guest in there
It's I don't know
It was so boring I didn't even finish reading the article
56705 60 Dr. Laura by the way replaced by the umpushes. So what is the name Glenn Beck rhymes with Todd Dreck
Okay, they've got a search party. I'm looking for his audience and I would be well brother
Let me say it again this radio station here such as it is W I O D. Oh, I hate that station amen
This Q way M thing we got here. This is about all that's left the last
Yes, you got your little teeny light bulb 1400 there that the few people bought their way on the air to like
Talk talk sports the scores are 4 to 2 and 5 to 1 and 3 to 6
And that's it. That's what they got there
And then you got I O D. It's got all their program piped in crap. It's on 4,000 other radio stations every replace you driving a country
And you got what used to be w and z with it's big 50,000 watt signal
Also pumping out Romeo and homie and the gloomy all of the sports garbage
With piped in crap also by the way mostly piped in and what else that's it
anymore GBS no no w n w s no waxi 790 where they got a by the way on the air where they got that one guy what's his name Dick Richard pearl
Right who evidently is pretty good and Francisco Arruca is he on that station too partly as it's not he said the other day
Francisco Arruca is on waxi right and he's the best oh my god Francisco Arruca is the best radio show on him
I want what time is he on I don't know not only see good, but he's got that waxi build up now too. He's dangerous
Francisco Arruca
He ain't no gear most shorts though from CMQ FM, which is got all the Julio's just look at that even Miguel
Metzine Julio he opened the door up
Oh, yeah, game most shorts he the best yeah
yeah
crap pile of crap
A community that just refuses to well let go. Yeah, but again, I don't want to pick on the spics because after that juice stuff last few days
Juice for bush juice juice for Hitler is what it boils down to
Right?
Yeah, I don't get it.
Ah, it's the Israel thing man
If you if people like you on the girl there your boyfriend and there can be hysterical about Cuba when he's never been there
He ain't never gonna go there and he's got any interest in be in anything when when he's obsessed with that
So I shouldn't use be obsessed with Israel. Why can't they be just as stupid and stubborn and upset and about crap
Why can't they why can't they devote their lives to being fanatical about crap?
You have a bushing good for Israel or Cuba
Or anybody the worst part of it is bushing good for America. How do you like that?
Absolutely correct because I don't give a flying fig about Cuba or about Israel or about any of those other things
I care about America and a little bit about Canada, but not that much
See my point and all you people that are like living in and my most of the people that are so fanatical and way if you're so crazy
But Israel go there hop on a bus. Okay, please hop on a bus. Let's use that to play. Let's see how many miles you go
In fact, we'll even give you the road map. Well, on your one. Yeah, we'll show you where the embassy is. Oh, sorry
Chinese embassy we just dropped a couple of big ones. We're in a bomb agrande my bad. We had to head in the old map again
Keep making that same mistake
Yeah, we'll send you to a caboo. It's how do you like that? We'll even pack you some stale halva for the trip
If you're so crazy about Israel hop aboard. Okay, if you're so crazy about Cuba
Let me tell you what forget about the mercady's little boats come on up to a Toronto right slice leaving everything stay right there
A person airport. Please don't come into the city. We don't want to see you stay right there at Pearson airport hop on a plane
What a vanna not effect those converted cards?
Go to a van right back like a car. I'll go you just have a great time. They said on the story
You see the straight away for delking live to 140
So you know is a neary story on a I should I should have printed up the head in the jar. He can live to 140
Just to piss off the acubus in South Florida is where he's been doing. Yeah, he's gonna live forever. They live a long time
Yeah, what they're old bearded to spicks they live forever sure and the women too. Oh, well
That's the only man
St. As sing and she's dancing. She's practicing that big guava love and sucking place up in the sky. That's what she's doing
She's sucking guava. I like guava director more tears into bush of can festival
He said in a movie if you like it. It's in the can
American filmmaker Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11 a savage indictment of president bush and his handling of Iraq and the war on terror
Was cheered and applauded at the can film festival on Monday
In fact, they got a 20-minute standing ovation in all time record-breaking performance 20-minute standing ovation
Film critics were warm in praise of the controversial director later called a news conference for America to pull out of Iraq a man
Michael
It's such a total mess. He said their way of doing things is offended so many people more said
The Oscar winning director is fast-moving film is a telling worker propaganda by a movie maker was mission to the ride bush exudes from every frame good
It focuses on how America and the White House reacted to the September 11, 2001 hijacking attacks and traces links between the bush family and prominent Saudis
Including the family of Osama Yamab been loved
We had a president who was asleep at the wheel Moore said
Fahrenheit 9-11 is already whipped up an international media storm after the Disney company barred its Miramax film unit from releasing such a politically polarizing work in a US election year
I hope it comes out in America this year said more and it will
I
Do think it's important to care of times like this this time I was the straight man and Bush wrote the funniest lines he said
The film constantly mocks the president the fish rods from the head down. He said British Prime Minister Tony Blair
Bush's closest war ally gets only a brief mention in the film
But more said after the screening
What is he doing hanging out with a guy like George W. Bush?
I've never understand that it's the weirdest couple I've ever seen even Tony Randle would agree if he were still here today
Yeah, I'll talk about a couple
Two years ago the directors anti-gun lobby documentary bowling for Columbine grabbed the headlines at Cannes and went on to grow
120 million dollars worldwide when I'm an Oscar and light of the current controversy over pictures of Iraqi prisoners being abused
His latest film is right up to date and showing American soldiers in the field mocking and posing with hooded Iraqi prisoners
This is the first footage of abuse and humiliation of these Iraqi detainees more be saying
As the film starts the screen goes dark
The sound is a planes crashing into the twin towers before the grief of victims families is contrasted with Bush sitting
Apparently impassively in a Florida school room for nine minutes after hearing the news
More using a mocking soundtrack to great effect shows members that he'd been lot in family being flown out of the US after 9-11
Upsurges the song I got to get out of this place
In Washington more is shown on a bizarre recruiting drive
He stops congressmen in the street asking if they might consider sending their children as soldiers to Iraq
What do you think of that idea he asked before getting the obvious brush off
The film shows the raw emotion of Lila Lipscomb doubled up with grief outside the White House as she contemplates the death of his soldier son in Iraq
In one of the most moving scenes he reads out the last letter received from him before his death
Telling how she collapses on hearing the news over the phone. She said your flesh just aches. You're not supposed to bury your own son
It'll be out this summer Fahrenheit 9-11. It'll be out just in the nicotine and also that I bet you that book comes out too
The flint. Yeah, the flintstone book him playing hard
And then when we read about that abortion and what a hypocrite and liar we dealing with people are gonna say holy crap
Oh, no, he asked for forgiveness since then so I'll do it. I made him okay. He's kosher now right well if he's kosher
They must be good for Israel. Oh, there you go. Frollo's professional Zionist out there who just can't cut the crap
Forget about Israel forget about Cuba. Okay start worrying about Marrakeur. All right
Tommy all you people who are gotten the one foot in the up your ass and the other one who knows where the other one in the kabuts
And by the way, you know, I'm hearing what he heard a lot of schmutz in the kabuts
That's the rumor. I'm hearing
256 at 560 WQM spring into savings right now and save like never before on a new car or truck from Armstrong
Toyota of homestead you'll find him on US one 20 minutes out of the 836
Armstrong Toyota homesteads worth the drive because they're gonna save you a potload of cash
Thousands on great new Toyota's check out these great least deals waiting on you right now and 04 camera
You're for runner for just 269 a month for 48 months
How about an 04 hot under just 309 a month need a truck?
How about an 04 Toyota tundra the safest truck in the USA just a hundred 79 a month for 48 months
These are just some of the great savings waiting on you right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
Don't forget their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your work done for you
And right now Armstrong is making you a deal a license which you never heard of in your life
Only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead you get free tires batteries and replacement parts for life of the vehicle
That's right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else no place does that
So forget about those big car giants and big hot shot dealers who scream and yell and carry on and then lie through their teeth
And make all kinds of promises they don't live up to head for Armstrong Toyota of homestead you'll find him at US one and
293rd street in homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836 call their GM David Rich and here's the number 305
242
3247 he'll make you know for you can't refuse
305 242
3247 drive a little and save a lot and that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
Boy, it's the one to two hour
You know me
William
This is my 15 minutes of fame your ears I abuse as I'm screaming away like this
I'm yeah baby
You know me in it is
My my TV have my own pilot plane I did great when no and that's what they show to but not
Conned
You'll be pleased to find out how many seconds of that you I've watched in my life. Oh, right none
What's that that's not sushi reading there because I'm gonna throw up. I'm gonna vomit
I'm gonna puke all over the counter here. It's sushi. Oh god. Why I have only one question about why people eat sushi
Question well there's certain things we want to agree on oh
Oh man
Just look at it if you can and of course it looks back at you
Oh
No, it looks like a tongue. What is that?
Did you you Yanca Todd Rex tongue before we left here this morning? That would be good. So the story in the building is yes
Later, no, I want to hear it. We got a letter
About what from a competitor and that's why
I don't understand
We got a letter from a competitor saying what saying this and that and that's why you won't do that spot
A letter from a competitor. How would I know that?
No, no, no, that's not the case obviously. Yeah, I
Never heard anything about that until you showed me that thing this morning. It's the audience and we get a letter
We got a copy of an article from a newspaper right
But the story that I know something I don't care what the story is yeah
His hardwreck can make up all kinds of stories which is especially lying through his teeth anyway making up crap
By the way, how's the Collagen man doing Todd?
I don't want anything to do with him. I don't I will
If he if he went out tomorrow and sold 15 of accounts for the show for me to endorse I wouldn't do any of them
You follow what I'm saying? I will not do a Todd Wreck account again. He's too much trouble
There's too much baggage involved with every single thing he touches
He's got the minus touch and reverse everything he touches turns to pure instant process crap
As a matter of fact since Todd direct maybe a lot. How about just calling him the
Meister would be good the crap Meister while we can say it right while we can still say crap on here. He's the crap Meister Todd Wreck
I don't give a crap how many stories there are in the building. I mean
You you saw what the deal what went down?
Yeah, I read the thing I made to the season and I'm not gonna be used and abused
I mean I got a little bit of credibility even after seven years on this guy for second radio station
And that's what it's all about if you don't have any credibility how to how can you be on the air maybe the last month
You're on the air you can sell it all out. Oh, there you go. Yeah, well last month that I'm on the air Todd
Then you can bring it about your crap. Okay, I'll just take it up
Yeah, we're not a business there every Charlotte and there was ever got came down the pike
Well, that fat boy bringing some of that wilted salad from those great restaurants. He finds dibs on the copper bracelet copper bracelet
Concession, all right, okay?
The copper candle coffee bracelet copper copper
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're talking about ugly women, baby ugly grotesque nasty. We're not talking about old ladies
Somebody faxes me doctor root. She's an old lady. Maybe she was a hot babe one day a hundred years ago. Who knows
She might have been about the hottest munchkin I ever saw. Yeah, there you go hot little lady
Right
Don't step on her in fact if you want to step on somebody Todd Dreckad be good you could step on him easy like squashing on that
Who is the ugliest big name female? That's our pull question today on the o' Rogers com
605 votes that ain't too bad not great not record breaking boy. I got spiel keys my my stomach. You know what's from it's from Todd Dreck
So go have an example anything. Well, no, and it's not that kind of thing. It's like
stomach in Tesla
I got agita and aljada from Todd Dreck being in here this morning bugging a crack and from what you just told me again
There's a just stirred up all the negative juices. It's going through my fat puppet
You bastard you Todd Dreck. Don't come in area make up all the stories you watch
Just run up and down the hallway like rumpel stiltskin like you were being in there go like like that
I don't care and they'll say oh, it's Todd again, you know, that's all they'll say
What you know, that's the truth
It'd be like if there was somebody standing outside the door with their crying against the wall. I would need to be muffler a Gilbert
Who is the ugliest big name female?
Rosie O'Donnell 110
Sandra Bernhard 93. By the way, Gellie. Joe don't want you on his show, okay?
I know the only reason I keep mentioning that is because I never know when he might be in a car listening
He's certainly with him two little kids not listening at home
In fact, maybe he's at the track right now. Let's see. It's Wednesday. I probably is Gulfstream runner right now or colder. I don't know
Hmm one of it
And I somehow I don't I just never really oh
God is punishing us again. We just had the lights the floater flicker in the lute and here again
Is the phone and the phone still working
As soon as I said that Joe no one guilty on all of a sudden there was an act of uh, oh good punishing me
But I just can't see guilty at the racetrack. Can you just he's such a not yet
But but that's where he hang he hangs out
He's a racetrack kind of guy. Of course when you're making a big bucks like he is right then you can afford to be out there plunging your guts out
WQA him hello
Hey, how's it going pretty good pali?
What that I say. What do you got for us?
Uh
Tell me about the economy. What is it?
The economy the economy what?
That the uh
They use construction for a benchmark in
Telling how the economy's doing. They're all these experts are saying the
The okay good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. It's the economy's stupid. Oh wow. He was good
Uh, WQA him hello. Hey, yeah, how's it going pretty good sir? I want to thank Tom jica for not covering the biggest non-story of this
Paul and douchebag going to one oh nine point five one oh nine point one oh five. I mean just as well
I mean it shows socks old old Paul and ancient old Paul so it's I mean
I have to just to see the redo anything new and it's like
Of course not what just because they moved them different spot on the diet. I think now they're going to find a show
No, they have no show. It's right. It's it's it's
But that was that I should point out here. That was the same time jica that now did he write a story that I missed about the
Bigs numbers dropping off the face of the earth that I missed that I didn't see no
I look for it every day. I didn't see any column like like once every
Leapier right every leapier he discovers he's got a radio sitting in the trunk of his car
So I mean I heard so yesterday. I mean you got a guy that's fairly decent on the air and then they got these two
Shmandrix. I'll tell you one thing about suds eats a great free meal man. Hey, you know free loaders a good thing
But anyway, it's it's just told all that they're rooted in our track
Classic crock rock radio with these two more on and this idiot Ron all he keeps doing the same Zeta
He can't even he can't even
Get the call letters right? He's not the same we're a pollcaster and over that
kept trying to get a job over here all the time and then denied and lied about it
They're QM on a ropes for what what is he talking?
See he keeps saying it and sir
You know, I would love to talk radio because it's the favorite because we used to actually have radio
But you keep saying that word again like right bagging we can't say that
Innocently I know the guy is well intended. I hate to hang up on him
But that's the second time I had a dump him and we just can't do that because then muff is gonna go in there
Start crying and then you'll see Duffin clearance will be having a hold in there meeting there and as to ask and it's just
We can't afford to be doing that anymore
tragic, but it's sad. I mean this is just the way people talk very nice
You know, you're stuff, but you're living in a fascist country and anybody out there who wants to excuse it by making in-aing comments like well
Bush is great for Israel if you're willing to give up other not only your
But everybody else is a freedom of speech if you're willing to endorse this pay for you that if you're willing to endorse a system
Where they can just drag you away with no legal representation then there's something definitely there's a there's a missing link
Okay, not the weakest link. There's a missing link between your ears
It's what we were your brain used to be and just this week being here again talking to people otherwise are very intelligent
Very articulate and yet they keep throwing his crap in my face about well Bush is good for Israel
You know what hubman drere that's what I say about Bush and all of this garbage, okay?
And you can throw an aerial shiron to and his TV aerial
It's enough to make me sick
Man oh man talk about eating too much too many humantosh in it for him time pick a look at that type of crap
Aerial shiron and the worst part of it is in case they ever decided to throw his ass in jail
Where it belongs since he is a criminal just like I think they can put him in there with the chalabi
Oh, yeah, couple of good long fun the worst part of is if they throw him out of there
They got baby that in the ahu baby brain who makes the aerial shiron look like Ted Kennedy
Okay, like a screaming liberal peace in our lifetime. Yeah, peace of this
Anyway, let's see it says I have this to add Laura Bush now and Laura Bush is not no don't put her on air
Or you're just gonna go back to your sushi. I think you're gonna put her or a bush is not. Oh, actually she's dumb bitch
She's just yahoo looking at saw she just looks like I mean compared to a Hillary
She ain't too bad right?
compared to
Rosalind Carter she's like a beauty queen
Compared to Lady Bird Johnson the only the only attractive
wife first lady I can think of in my lifetime is Jackie Kennedy and I mean she was overrated. Oh very much so
But she said that la plume de ma time
Yeah, oh god. She was a simpleton. She was a bubble head. She was like that right
A bimbet kind of like a brunette Marilyn Monroe which Kennedy's had a thing for that spending money is not a talent
Right and and and latching on to rich you know, you know, area on acid. I still think when acid was a jfk
Junior's father. I believe that's right. I've read a couple of things about that
Stem can you look anything like the Kennedy's he didn't look Irish. He looked Greek show no and when I'm reading any inquiry
He was into that Greek stuff
That's what I heard
I'm telling you right now if I'm lying you're dying
Best Truman
Eleanor Roosevelt. I mean Eleanor Roosevelt. She made Janet Reno look like a Kim basinger. Okay. That's how grotesque Eleanor Roosevelt was
Even when she was young talk about a donkey push. She she looked like Dr. Judy Dean
You know like like a donkey teeth. What's her name Mary Todd Lincoln? She was a high
In fact her favorite song was donkey chain little crazy who very tired like oh, yeah, that's a long time ago. How's the play? She filled out a bustle
There were stories about him I should point out about Abe yeah honest
Blessed and honest Abe but anyway
12 minutes after one and five then I'm making difference right now
Okay, then make a bit of difference you freed the slaves and look at everything went to hell after that
Hey, boom is TV, but it's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver
The picture is so superior to regular TV. It's like comparing the very latest DVD to the very first
Kinescope that was made like in back in the early 40s
boom is the only entertainment system designed for i definition TV
It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HDV experience
Including the satellite dish HDV receiver and the Ramona sure. I hope they don't give one to Gary Sarner because he's a putz
Boom has got over 30 channels
Of HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition that's three times more than you get from cable
And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV even local channels too such as they are
Boom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting for you
Boom has even got exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't even get from your cable or satellite company
So with boom you get all the stuff you got now plus all these awesome high definition channels the pictures so clear
You can reach in there and just squeeze something good call boom today toll free at 1 866 848
8666 or visit them online at boom.com for a limited time offer that includes free installation
No upfront cost and no long-term commitment. What's not to like call toll free and start booming today call 1 866
848
8666 or go online at boom.com and you better hurry because the offer ends May 31
Oh
Always beend the range
Absolutely
Defense gonna be your wife
As I turn on the radio
Fits in up my load
This lose is flowing my mind
I'm the key, it's my sheets
From the livin' me
Cause I am a guy
Defending for the vertebrae
I gotta think of ties
And plastic surgery lies
From a woman we chose
I follow advice from my ear
I'm gone
For news I know where I'll go
And the next thing you know
I'm looking at the magic in the prison
I'm listening
He's asking me to bend the way
Rack them
And no one less it's good to bend
And he clear out
If you wanna make your world
I bet it makes Michael drop the soap
And bend this way
Hey I got news for Michael Jackson videos for
He don't have to drop the soap anymore
Because they got that body wash that everybody's using now
Right
What?
Liquid soap?
Wait a minute
What just happened to that?
To the end of that
That is
Anyway
Liquid soap, what they don't call it liquid soap
I mean some of them do that's new
Oh it brings up, it conjures up the images
Some of the people I've been talking about here in the last half hour
Which at any rate
Yeah
Oh liquid soap, I wonder who that used to be
But at any rate
Yeah, purey
They call it body wash
Even in all the hotels now
My last trip in Copenhagen
And by the way it's not Copenhagen
It's like you wouldn't call Dave Hagen
Dave Hagen
I will not
I do like his ice cream that Hagen does
But I don't like Hagen
And anyway it's Copenhagen
But in Copenhagen in Rome and also in Amsterdam
In the Grand Cresnepolskie Hotel
They have in the bathroom
They have body wash and the shampoo
And the little bottle of soap
So soap is becoming a thing in the past
Which is great because
Like my colleague keeps dropping it
And it's not a good thing to do, not a good idea
No, they also give you the little scrungy that you can squirt the soap into
In fact Brad, the Davis said it's not a good idea to be dropping that soap
Especially when I'm in Turkey now
At any rate
Now what were you just asking?
To give you a little scrungy too
You don't want to use that, it comes with a kind of
I don't like them either
That's for women
That's for women
I don't want to take a bubble bath or something like that
I don't know what you're talking about, I'm just using gloves
No, and also share
What was your name, Sharon?
The nice lady that came there and took my blood
She sent me, you know, I talked to her last night
She facts me the partial results which I'm still alive
But she also on the note of Polynesia
Is for leaving her with the gloves behind
The bloody gloves
She might have been listening when she left here
Oh, Jay would have apologized for leaving the toilet
So anyway, the body wash is where it's at
All you guys out there that keep dropping the soap and having that problem
Get you some body wash and a tolder
And when you go to your nearby Walgreens
Do not go to Eckers because they will turn on you like a rat
When you go to Egg Walgreens
They have now the just gigantic jugs
Can I say that?
No
Yeah, gigantic containers of body wash
And clear all
Now I don't know if you ever used clear all shampoo
I must have
Oh, you must have, you ever got all this neat like purpl and all those real noses
Well now they make the same, it looks like the shampoo
In fact some of the person that I bought at their Walgreens
They said I bet you they use the same shampoo
The same crap they just put in a different, it's like Chef Boy already all over again
They just call it something else
And they put the same crap in a container
But I mean just gigantic
And that's the way to go, it's more, I don't know
I mean soap, I never been a big soap guy
Although I do have my bring back fire from Amsterdam
Yeah, and fair for my Arab friends
Soap gets hair on it
Oh, I don't like that, even though I know it's my own
Yeah, I don't like it, you're in the same way, you mentioned that
So I know I'm not the only person
The first thing I do if I pick up the bar and the bar is soaped in the shower
And I see there's a thing in here
I picked that baby off of there too
That's the hair tub, one of the public hair
Oh, well no, but you're living in a house with your wife and kids and the dogs
We all have our own bar
Even your own party
Yeah
5, 6, 7, we're talking about bodywag
What other show in America?
You know, I was taking a leak in there during the break and I'm picking it myself
Because the sports aspect of this radio station really bothers me
See, when I'm in Toronto, I don't have to listen to it
Right, because I don't have a car number one
Number two, I couldn't hear it in a car anyway
I can hear it in the studio, but I have to be a maniac too
Listen to me, I'll have to be nuts
But here, I'm driving a work in the morning, you know, Mo, I'm hoping that maybe I don't know
I listen only in thinking that maybe something will happen and never does
But Joe, as much as I like Joe a lot, I can't listen like 30 seconds
I mean, fuck her, man
Because all he talks about is sports, there's nothing, and don't get me wrong, Joe is great
He doesn't want you on the show by the way, Geltie, I love Joe Rose, he's a good guy, he's got good numbers in there
So I'm just talking for me personally
And I thought to myself, let's change the format on QM, let's have a station about stamp collecting
Ooh, you see what I mean?
Ooh, for lot of wisdom
Yeah, to hold the election
Yeah, I'm 20, 20 hours in and out on this show, but you see what I'm talking about, I mean
I'm talking about narrow casting, we're not just talking about sports fans
We're talking about people who have no lives whatsoever and take it like, I have no life
To another level, you ever see those triangular stamps there?
Oh, yeah, triangles
Yeah, and see the interesting thing is, is a kid, I used to collect stamps, I've written a lot about
All the different countries of the world, all the British colonies, of course now all those places have changed their names, it didn't do me any good now
But you know, as a youngster, I was like a genius in geography, because I used to collect stamps from all I'm countries
And all the Germany stamps with a Hitler mustache, all I took out of here, I don't get the ones with bush and a mustache
You like the ones with animals on them better or celebrity?
The triangles from Australia and New Zealand were very, very pretty and very ugly
Yeah, what kind of, they have kangaroos on them, kangaroo and swallowing them
Yeah, kangaroo is yeah
And that by the way, quant is never crashed
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Law, we're talking about the Hollywood, whatever the hard rock hotel
And now this fall, and I'm sure they'll get that thing on a ballot about slots at the permute tools, if they don't pass that
And it's county option by the way, why should the rest of the state, even though there are a bunch of mugworms and Bible thumpers, how can they deprive us of the right?
Because it'll pass, the Sun sent a little pull on that overwhelming yes
Why should they care if Gays get married?
Exactly, why should they care?
Oh, but you're going to earn your hell well, they should be happy because they'll leave more room for them in heaven
Or wherever they're going to be in purgatory
So that thing better passed this November because that's the only last hope that the permute tools have gotten this state, that the whole state has got
This is such a back-ass water placement, pathetic
WNQAM, hello
Nail, please
Yes, sir, speaking
Nail, how you doing? I'm just wondering if you got the channel full news today that you're holding somebody big-peated ROLL
I saw that the other day, as usual, they're a little bit behind
Yeah, I guess ROLL
Made it come back, he's actually talking now, and how's that possible?
I've got the, which one's got the fifth there, I'll punch it up, what are you going to do?
He's got, hey listen, but he's still alive, man
Did you see the thing?
Yeah, I did
They're sitting together around the couch, and it's like nothing ever happened when he was saying he doesn't have it like he had a stroke from this episode
But he looks a little funky, but he's talking
Hey, compared to what he went through, he's pretty damn good
You should look so good after Tiger 10
Right, or after Tiger Rescue, something
Even with our one, Tiger Rescue
Although they're a little bit too fave for me, but nevertheless ROLL
He's doing pretty good
In fact, they're a lot too fave for me
Too pay?
Too pay
So I guess they're back together, we're getting there pretty soon, they're going to be doing it back in Vegas, and they show too
Sick Freed and ROLL
I'll tell you, it's really upset, our good friend in the sales department because he thought
If he couldn't come back, he could be sick Freed and DROY
But it ain't going to be that no more
Can you see him running away from a lion? I mean, he ran away from a few lion bakers in his time
And maybe a few Detroit lions, but 26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM
Hey, speak into that, what a segway!
We're just talking about bald people like Troy Stratford and Mohawar Davis
I can't see him running away from a lion
Oh, absolutely, absolutely, Freed and DROY
Anyway, you can always spot a bad piece because man, it looks ridiculous
And most people can't afford to look ridiculous
Charles Alfier has been designing and supplying hair systems to real people for more than 35 years
People with a lot of money, people with a little bit of money in between
He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America
Today, show CBS Morning News, introducing his patent and hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hairline system you can find anywhere
Keep in mind the most critical area of any piece is the hairline
Now, if you want to look like Aaron Brown on CNN on the Certainly Nazi Network, good luck to you
You ever see Aaron Brown with that?
Yeah
The colors change while you're watching the show
Yeah, I mean, I've seen comedian ones that change from day to day
But while you're watching the newscast, the colors are changing
And the things start to move around
Anyway, Charles has got the new skin like hair system and it looks so great
It's 100% undetectable, it looks like real hair as opposed to a farm, a barnyard, animal died on your head
And Charlie gives you this great guarantee, as he always has
He tries hair system for 30 days
And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you're not getting clawed and pawed at like crazy, even by some people you want to be
Then get a full refund, no questions asked
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and...
Fram
So don't delay, you can't say that
Call Charlie today and change your life forever at 1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413
Or check them on the web, Charlesoffeorey.com
We're Sports Radio 560, UAM
My junior, honey
Messages, there are known knowns, there are things we know that we know
Run, run, run, smell
There are known unknowns, that is to say there are things that we now know, we don't know
But there are also unknown unknowns
Run, run, run, smell
There are things we do not know, we don't know
And each year we discover a few more of those unknown unknowns
Run, run, run, smell
I believe what I said yesterday
Well, I don't know what I said, but I know what I think
Well, then there are known knowns, and say I don't think so, although that's what I think
132, we got the mad dog sitting by, he'll be along at 2 o'clock
And we're gonna be doing a switch-in formatted too, we're gonna be talking about stamp collecting
Yeah, can't wait
It's gonna be great, don't know anything about it
Well, I smell now, it's not that Suchi reading, which, oh, gross
No, it's new car smell, Ozeum
An air freshener
Oh, that's what your spritz in there smells like, somebody's baking a sponge cake
Oh, farting again
Oh, no, good guy
He chased Boca Brian running and screaming in the hall yesterday on Monday
Oh, brother
He's meeting, in fact, if anybody had a mask, he'd place you go up in about two seconds
Seren gas
Who is the ugliest big name female?
We are asking today, Rosio Donald 119
Sandra Bernhard 102
Linda Trip 88, Cedacruz 74
Janet Reno, Big Janet's got 50
You go, boy
Barbara Streisand 36, and Coters got the-
FOT TURN MET
Wobby Goldberg 24, Gretavans Sustor in 23, Gretavans Brown
On the Fox Nazi news network
Camilla Parker Bowles 18
Anybody want to watch your bowl?
No
Chelsea Clinton 12, Celine Dion's got a dozen
Joan Rivers has ten
Noses
Maybe she's got like a snap on nose
Oh, she needs to get a better one
Maybe she's got like mixed in match with Michael
Snap it on the middle
Rose Ann's got nine, oh, then that's what's your name?
It's got to snap on
Snap on boobs
Mariah Carey
Oh, not just one
Rose Ann 9, Monica Lewinsky 8, Barbara Bush seniors got eight old babs
Martha Washington, Dr. Condoleezza's got seven
Spilke's Nerezza got seven, Madeline Albright seven, Gloria Steph on six, Yoko Ono's got six
Dr. Judy Dean is stuck on five
How could she only have five? They must not have seen her
Well, they put her back up real quick
Share five Queen Elizabeth four Oprah's got a pair
And Ramsey's got two I have no idea who that is
Be Arthur two Grace Jones 1 and see Grace 1
And and Nicole Smith's got one
Marilyn Mitchell's only got one to count woman
Dr. Laura's got one and no votes yet the big star Jones and Tonya Harding
And I got news for star Jones on I have some votes
She isn't just ugly she is a lawyer
Ricky she is bizarre she is whatever
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQM hello
Hey, deal are you good pali?
Hey listen have you seen the movie on HBO called Scripps Search?
No
Oh, it's wonderful. It's about an hour long and if you watch that you'll never believe
We have any rights left in this country it's on HBO.
I don't believe it I don't have to see that movie
But it's a discussion they show a prisoner in China and they show a prisoner in the US.
Uh-huh. Exactly the same.
There you go.
Thanks, Neil.
Thanks for the good news, okay?
Don't break the China.
5.670560, pound 5.60.
You know what they say?
Break it and you own it.
Just like Iraq.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
That's what we did.
We broke it and now we own it.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Well, so hot potato, man.
They're tossed that around.
We only got today is the 19th, which means you got 12 and then you got...
But turn, man.
Yeah, we got 42 days.
And after those 42 days, we're given the keys to the kingdom of somebody.
Nobody's coming forward.
The enemy wants it.
We got no takers.
They keep blowing up.
We keep throwing them up in the air and they keep them blowing back in our face.
They're like a boomerang.
Come on, somebody please take these keys.
Oh.
Huh?
Keyes to the kingdom so we can get out of here and save some push.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Oh, I got to say this.
If you don't like this country.
WQAM, hello.
How about Grace Jones?
How about Grace Jones?
She's on air, idiot.
That sounded like our friend.
WQAM, hello.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how about Courtney Love?
Courtney Love is a good choice in coherent as well.
Right.
Thank you so much.
Courtney Love, we don't love Courtney.
We can't stand that bitch.
In coherent, pill popping, just a tragedy.
And actually, a way to happen.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
Happy summertime.
Back to you.
It won't be long.
A couple things here real quick.
I got a name for your obvious list.
You know, also last night, they were the loss regardless
if they would have had Ron Jeremy as a coach.
Yeah, you're right.
But the other one, we're cocking up.
She didn't make the list.
She's pretty nasty looking.
She's a good choice.
Thank you so much.
She's on it right now.
Deon Warwick.
What do you give me?
Like, eh, she's pretty gruesome.
She's ugly now, but she wasn't always.
Oh, she never looked any different.
All right.
She looked younger, ugly, but she was ugly.
She was good looking one.
Her look went from exotic to bizarre.
Maybe at birth.
She was lovely for about 10, 50 minutes till they cut the
umbilical cord spanked her ass.
And then all of a sudden, oh, man.
She's nasty.
Okay.
Deon Warwick.
I'll tell you who else is grotesque, but I don't want to put a
runner up with the Humper Pistoff.
You're reeth your Franklin.
Oh, what?
What?
Because she's black?
Because she's fat.
Fat and black.
That's a bad combination, sir.
It's on it.
Stop and think of a black fat people,
name you are an attractive fat black person.
Louie Armstrong.
There you go.
Sure.
Fat Uncle Albert.
Nobody's there.
I don't know attractive fat people.
Fat Albert.
Or Salbert.
Don't hurt his feelings.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I'm just in court here.
I just want to get there.
I don't want to hurt him.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
I'm just going to get there.
There was an old farmer.
I passed more.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress.
She pulled up her dress.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
She showed them her rubble and laces.
He's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a
head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and he's got a head on and there's got enough bliss to pull through the like-the-
Fidel. Well, they shouldn't have elected him.
They should punish the people who couldn't elect him in the first place who have no vote.
Let's punish them.
I mean, all of this crap is madness.
This lunacy.
Well, that'll teach him.
Right.
They shouldn't have bombed us.
Yeah, that's a good point.
I say, let's roll into Saudi Arabia by the weekend.
By Monday, we'll have our hoses hooked up to those tanks.
You'll be paying 40 cents a gallon of gas in life will be beautiful.
Well, those are our buddies.
No, they're not our buddies.
They're the worst despots on the face of the earth.
By the way, how about that Saudi democracy?
And now we're talking.
Much of a smot that heads, much of a rag head to a former for all that oil that they had over there.
And the way that they raped the day immoral and all their business dealings with the Bush family.
Those people would be like, they'd be squatting in the desert.
You're talking like it was salad.
They'd be digging a hole in the desert to drop their entrails.
Okay.
They'd be singing happy entrails to you with Hoppalong Cassidy.
And by the way, that's our cowie.
He does Hoppalong because he lost the leg.
Well, maybe he didn't.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
Well, of course, if he's dead, what turns into the making if he lost the leg or not?
He just had to come back long enough to chop off the guy's head.
That's all.
Right.
Don't confuse the American public.
But the first I chemical Ali we killed him about how many times we kill him.
But 30 man.
Yeah, people rise from the dead over there all the time.
It's back in the day, man.
Back in the day it was Yoschki and this one that would last.
They were making a comeback all the time.
All the Resurrection's all the time.
All the crucifixions.
I mean, if you're going to have a crucifixion, might as well have a resurrection.
What's one without the other goes along good with the story.
Who is the ugliest big name female?
That's our poll question today.
729 vote.
That's the thing.
Rosie O'Donnell 127.
Sandra Bernhard 108.
Linda trip 94.
C. La Cruz 76.
Janet Reno.
Good old Janet.
He's got 50.
Barbara Streisand's got 40.
That was George's pick.
Ancorder's got.
Yeah.
Wopey Goldberg 27.
Greta van Sustner.
It smells just like sponge cake in here.
It's that stuff.
Campy.
It's good stuff.
What is it again?
Ozean.
It's like lighter fluid.
You spray it in your car in case you want to smoke a number.
Oh, like cherry like a tar baby.
Yeah, exactly.
Liquid cherry.
But this is liquid new car smell supposedly liquid new car smell.
Yeah.
You're ain't nothing like new car smell.
Nothing even this even though it says that's what it is.
Tomorrow I'll be telling you about new car smell.
I'll bet I'll let you go down smell it.
All right.
I'm not talking Friday.
Yeah.
I thought the first time he threw that line I'll let you go down smell.
I know.
Something right on the edge again.
Something borderline you're going to sneak in here.
Going to get past the smell.
You're reaching for the buttons and all that stuff.
I don't I can't participate.
Believe me.
WCWAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a hearing about oil brush.
She's one.
She's on there.
Okay, Mr. Rant.
Come here.
I have anything about oil brush.
She's on her.
She ain't doing too much.
Get a life pal.
Get a real voice.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Nailin' all right is not too pretty.
Yeah.
And she's on her list too.
That's why WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm in my friend.
You're the best.
Listen.
I'm talking about oil.
I want to try.
I'm under the bed.
It's road.
I don't think it's worse than that.
Who?
I'm under the bed.
It's road.
This guy.
He doesn't either.
Wait off.
He doesn't just have the phone close to his mouth.
He's got the phone stuck in his mouth.
Correct him.
Wow.
Man.
Oh man.
Talk about emotional.
Okay.
Two in call in the morning.
Okay.
Well, see you at the, uh, have had a Hilton.
About 830 to tomorrow morning.
The hotel's day.
Are just fantastic.
Well, you know, you were in the hot said back in the day.
That's what Hyman Roth said back in the day when men were men and, uh, there was always what's his name Superman.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, he used to have a cape on.
You couldn't get a hymen Roth replace.
In fact, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, now, you're lucky if you can find a cape on like for lunch and breakfast and dinner.
Ten minutes.
I mean, the sanctions, it's just a joke.
It's a joke.
You can go to Toronto or Montreal or anywhere Ottawa get an airplane flight directly to Cuba.
No problem at all.
And I used to believe in him.
Programmed as I was.
They don't worry.
I know.
They don't work except while they work in one respect.
And that is they, they lower the quality of life for the people who supposedly we sympathize with.
What is the sanity in that?
And if you were to have time, if I were to throw them on Monday, you'd be that book.
You would just cry when you read about what we did to the people of Iraq when those sanctions were 11 years.
Well, they shouldn't have bombed us.
And then all of, they bombed us afterward.
And not.
Seriously, 11 years of madness of insanity.
And the kind of crap that went on in the hospitals and all the people dying from diseases that they had already,
like tuberculosis was already gone.
Well, guess what? I made it come back.
Because they couldn't deal with it.
But once we bring democracy to Iraq, and once we stop blowing up people at weddings.
We're going to be great.
We're sportsmen in five 60s.
It is the K-1.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
We're going to be great.
That's the...
That's the...
You see that thing they just said on the crazy Nazi network there?
Violin images to violence for TV.
They sort of picture a Nicholas Bird with the orange jumpsuit on.
By the way, every time they take prisoners, the al-Qaeda,
they always put them in one of those...
...regulation.
...regulation.
...regulation, guantan, orange jumpsuit.
And crates of them, they got from us.
They got from us.
They got from us.
They got from us.
They got from us.
But anyway, two violent for TV,
please don't tell me,
because nothing would surprise me that these great robbers do.
And what would Michael Powell have to say about that,
since he's so concerned about,
sex and violence and...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's not what they're saying.
Well, they can say all they want.
But they had a party, but anyone,
for any kind of violent...
But anyway, can you imagine that they would even consider
putting their stuff films on TV?
Wouldn't that be lovely?
But maybe...
But if that's what it takes to convince the American public of just how barbaric they are,
as opposed to how wonderful and firm I did, we are.
You see, we see,
and they keep saying this and all these hearings which really cracks me up.
Well, we find out about it in America,
the difference is we do something about it.
We find out who's guilty,
and then we publish them.
And the code for, we find a few scapegoats,
a few lower low-life scapegoats at the bottom of the food chain,
and we make them hang them out.
Right, hang them out to dry.
And all the upper...
And all the upper-ish alone people,
we know nothing about it.
They were doing wrong, they were wrong.
And they're going to have to pay this in barbaric,
and this is not the American.
We believe in the audio audience.
I don't know, Godfather.
Right.
Exactly.
So who now are we, Kidding, man?
Who is Kidding them?
Obviously a lot of people.
Yeah.
So many of these people I've been talking to this week who make me just want to scream.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, just because of the fact you're Jewish,
therefore you have to be concerned about Israel.
If you're concerned about Israel,
maybe peace would be good for Israel.
Right.
Maybe getting rid of all those settlements would be good.
Maybe taking down that wall.
Maybe, uh, right.
Quit having all those accidents where you're bombing this one,
and that one, all these terrorists.
But in the meantime, there's all that collateral damage
and these innocent people and children dying.
Maybe things like that.
That have given the subsidies to the settlers
and spending it on something in tomorrow.
There you go.
All of these things.
And of course we do know that the Palestinians have those dangerous rocks to throw back,
which is, you know, something to be concerned about.
Get rid of those rocks.
Is, right.
You're rock.
And a heart place.
Exactly.
So anyway, the idea that they would put that on here is just a chilling to me.
But if that's what it takes to probably get to go ahead,
they'll probably get a call right from the oral office.
Saying, you just go ahead and put that on here,
because we got to like get that propaganda machine going big time.
We're up into a frenzy.
You see, what barbarians, as if we don't already know that?
Well, I guess we forgot.
Anyway, here's our poll question today.
We got a lot of votes on here.
Mad Dog came in.
You wouldn't believe what he said.
He was just foaming at the mouth.
Because I said something about Mo anyway.
Several times he was like, okay.
He did.
He could get it that high.
Oh, yeah, he did.
Yeah.
Well, you know how he starts is your,
I, I sports fan, I like that.
Well, this was like sports fans.
A little bit higher.
That's got a matter of eight.
Anyway, who is the ugliest big name?
We like the man dog a lot on this show.
I'll tell you that right now.
He's okay in our book.
He's a square shooter.
And we know he gave a lot of mind above Graham.
Even when we talk about good game about bush,
because that's part of that whole, you know,
jock right-wing thing, the image.
It's the image thing, baby.
Rosie O'Donnell 128, the ugliest big name female of Mo.
She's just a unbeatable Sandra Bernhardt 111.
It's too bad we'd have time to play that.
Sylia Cruz 79, Janoreno, he's got 52.
Barbara Stress and 42, and quarter 32.
Whoopie Goldberg?
Look at whoopee, she's got.
BAD THIRD MAN.
BYE BYE BYE!
Send the rushed show on 5-6 million QAF lightning for Lonerado.
I have to stop right now.
