People are as dumb and they want that dumb.
I want to keep you a kiss.
Okay, I'm glad you didn't play that because I don't, for whatever reason, yeah.
I didn't, I don't know what the hell, oh that's right because we have that press conference at 11 o'clock.
I know what it's all Jesus, I'm a single, I know God.
I saw him, I thought those there is a seed, he's not my God.
Ah!
Oh my friend, think of the hand that the redness boy, oh, he's not, so take the sacred blood.
I was sick of all of my love.
I saw him in my shaving cream, so I left it all my face.
And I went to work, I looked like a jerk, and I was fired in the spring.
Driving home, I was all alone, taking someone's way of tricks on me.
But in the rear view mirror, I couldn't take any of his staring back at me.
Oh right.
I saw Jesus, oh my God.
Oh my God.
I saw him in the path of those there is a seed, he's not my God.
Are you sure?
All my friends, think of the blood.
And the redness boy, oh, I saw Jesus, oh, I was sick of all of my love.
He is all he was so sick of the skin, so I left it all my face.
I saw him, I thought the side of the path of the moon, happened on my path.
I saw him in the forest, he did in the shadows, he must curse God.
Are you sure?
I saw Jesus, oh, I was sick of all of my love.
He is all he was so sick of the skin, so I left it all my face.
Oh, I saw him, I thought the side of the path of those there is a seed, he's not my God.
All my friends, think of the blood, and the redness boy, oh, I saw Jesus, oh, I was sick of all of my love.
I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an
upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I
am an upper half, I'm an upper half, I'm an upper half, I'm an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm
an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half,
I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an
upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I'm not an upper half, I
I'm no one to conquer religion, a thousand chalmers, they Queen or others, as long as they lose theirasonry We are corrosion Beam Warriors of mornings in the DJ bits and
That orange juice gonna look so great
You might like it if you don't come with us
You're gonna give yourself a whole new day crawl
Marble you've got a number, they're gonna like your job
Marble you've free this number, five by one seven zero zero type four
Five by one seven zero zero type four, five by one seven zero zero type four
Five by one seven zero zero type four
Five by one seven zero zero type four, five by one seven zero zero
You know, we ain't having to do this but it sends us interesting facts
There would be interesting other for the fact that I read all of this on here yesterday
To maybe Keith Overnman had a last night MSNBC on a show that about four people watched
But the fact is we talked about all that yesterday about the anomalies and the democratic precincts
And Florida remember that Josh? Right we did
Yeah, we talked about all these things about all Ohio and about all this other stuff
And the election was rigged and it was fixed and we can keep talking about that forever
Is there gonna change anything? No, is anybody gonna know anything about it? No
Is America ready to give a fine crap about it? No
No, because we got the United States of Canada and Jesus land baby that's the way it ought to be
So AirFord is dead even though CNN's not telling the event
Of course I can't be watching CNN right now because I'm over on TSN
The sports network which is now owned by ESPN so I'm assuming
In fact, I would bet Greg's life on it and I would even throw in the watermelons he too for a bonus
And I'd even put Gary Sarner in a package too, I'd like that for a nice package
But all their lives on it that 11 o'clock they'll be flipping right over there
Do what the Dave Wands dead era ending the best conference should be very dramatic I guess
Because we're on pins and needles to see if Dave is gonna get fired I mean resign
Aren't you on, huh? Aren't you on pins and needles waiting to see what the big announcements
It's gonna be even though it's in both papers this morning and it's all over the website
And everybody knows it's a fate of complete and that Wayne told him last night in Donald Trump's style
Your fired did it did it this is supposed to kill it right?
Why didn't really tell him that like right now you can hang around till the end of the season
Because he screwed it up in the seasons lost anyway
But at the end of the season you're gonna be fired to did it or you can say goodbye now
And once that said goodbye and that was that
So at the level of clock we got this anti-climactic and why we're carrying it
I have no idea but we're not complaining we're pleased to carry it as opposed to please let us get it
Because the way this station is operating right now the last time that we have to be on here the happier we are
It's just one of those things
I mean any excuse is if somebody farted like a very strange flavor and investigating we'll interrupt for a 20 minute segment on that
Any excuse to like fiddle with his show man that's what's all about that's what's happened
I think it's time for them to really start getting serious you know it
That's what I'm thinking
Oh, but we do have some appointments or calls though we could squeeze a couple in this hour right sure one or two or three or four
WDQA and hello
Neil yes sir
Happy New Year birthday could you say good day
Did you read it it was an article in time happy New Year
Yeah, there's an article in time called that Jesus and the FDA no did you read that it's no look at it now
It's he's gonna point bushes this doctor who wrote a book called as Jesus cared for women we're exploring women then and now
Uh-huh this guy he won't you want to give birth control to unmarried women right and he's gonna put on a panel of women's health policy
Well if you're ready to be in Jesus thing you're gonna have a Jesus guy Jesus doctor man to be involved in the FDA
Yeah, it makes us everybody else I don't want to see it take it easy
Okay, see in the blue states pali and if you see one thing I was just telling the George before the show they're gonna ship plenty of flu vaccine out
Different kinds different brands to the red states and different kind of the blue state
And if you take the flu vaccine in the red states you won't be red but you'll be like in the pink as they say
You know that's first thing but if you're in the blue states you'll be like turning blue
Resin morto that kind of thing
More here if they say in the huh
Like a refatty's dead you heard it here first the story came over to wires at 906 this morning and even now
It's almost 11 o'clock in the east and CNN is still reporting but I mean but it won't but about and there you know I'll read it to you
I guess I see I'm a little bit thrown off today because we're nearly we start to show official 11 o'clock
And today we can't get any of our business until after this stupid ass press conference is done which is anti-climate and we don't even have anybody over there
I said to George before the show I said well who am I gonna be throwing this to at 11 o'clock like we used to do back in the day when we were like maybe a real sports station for 20 hours a day
Well, we're just gonna like pick it up
In other words we'll just like I'll sit here and watch it and then as soon as I see staring to move his mouth or something his lips moving
Then we'll go to it as opposed to having somebody over there like a sports reporter type like the big you know who's really rock solid or crap like this or the beast or somebody
Right isn't that the way you do it on a real sports station? I wouldn't what's this all about?
No, we're not gonna have anybody there and then what are we doing at ends? How do we know when we're dumping out of it?
What are they doing when they're completely done? Let me tell you every no you don't fans you long suffering
Um, uh, dolphins you deserve to hear every word of this because I know you've been relishing this day
You've been relishing it. Oh, sorry Teresa Teresa Heinz gets upset she dropped the carry by the way
He's just going back to Teresa Heinz. I'm sure very soon. Palestinian President this is from your favorite website capitol bill
Blue staff and wire reports 906 a.m. Today
Palestinian President answer arafard is dead again
Senior Palestinian political sources said today. This is the second time in two weeks that I will announce that he's dead
Would you die already for crying out loud?
About one last kiss goodbye
Come on one of those
With your trembling lips goodbye. That's it
The information from sources close to arafard could not immediately be confirmed
He is dead one of the sources close to arafat said in Paris where arafard has been lying in a coma at a French hospital
Officials in the West Bank said they'd not been informed that arafard was dead so everybody I guess they don't want to get burned again this week
Like we they were last week when everybody was saying he's dead. Oh, he's not dead. He's still breathing the son of a bitch
How do you like that?
And then this broad who is his wife. Oh my god. You stop and think about that. Okay?
Think about that. Nothing. Oh my goodness. Okay?
This quivering quivering nasty smelly old creature and she's married to him which of course the implication is that maybe they actually did something once upon a time.
Ooh. What a grotesque thought that is. So I guess I don't know because these press conferences have way of always starting late.
In other words at 11 o'clock I'm sure that now you watch an ESPN. Oh, yeah.
You wouldn't even order to find ESPN in the cable you idiot.
Oh seriously because I'm not positive that TSN is going to carry this. I'm pretty sure. I would say I'm 30% sure they're going to have it on there.
But it's going to be kind of difficult to do without a little bit of assistance here. This is very poorly conceived again by our middle level management people.
A couple of idiots who want to like have somebody over there like if it's a little blow by blow a little run up just because they have just because they have a little bit of a little bit of a little blow by blow.
They have microphones in a podium sitting there and all the people in the media are waiting with the cameras and microphones.
Doesn't mean the press conference is going to start. Don't support the winner is the playing.
They don't care about hockey. Okay, forget about hockey. Hockey's dead.
By the way, don't pay anybody for any pancitickets and don't the guilty.
I hate to write the name to you, Gelly. This guy I predict will never broadcast the pancit game. That's my prediction because I don't think they'll ever play another game.
Because this whole season is even just about that anybody, Gary Buttman's life on it. This whole season is down the toilet.
And as a result of that, there are going to be a few franchises that just aren't going to make it by the time they ever start up again and win if that happens.
1055 at 560 WQM. We got the end of the one-stat era coming. It's just a few moments, baby. We'll have it right here for you. We're going to cover it like a blanket.
You know, IRS tax problems have got away of ruining every aspect of your life. They take a toll on you financially, physically, and emotionally.
You can never really forget about the IRS hovering over your ass. And of course those chilling memories come back every morning when you wake up.
CPA Jimmy Buckwell to the Buckwell Tax firm will help in your IRS problems forever and give you back some peace of mind too.
That's why other top CPA law firms refer their clients to the Buckwell Tax firm when they have problems with the old IRS.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all your unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records, for example.
Maybe you have an IRS lien. A wage levy, O payroll taxes and penalties, maybe like the settle, of course, for thousands less than the O,
needs some time to pay whatever your problem is. The Buckwell Tax firm can help. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, and immediately if not sooner or later from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you don't even have to go to those meetings with the IRS because the Buckwell Tax firm handles all meetings and discussions. You don't have to get involved at all.
Call them today, 9-5-4-575-2800. You have nothing to lose but that dark cloud hanging over your head. 9-5-4-575-2800 with the old 10,000 or a million or somewhere in between in IRS taxes. The Buckwell Tax firm can help you out.
Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the wicked web at irstreeton.com and stop fretting about the IRS knocking at the door or just knocking at the smashing it right in.
9-5-4-575-2800. This is the Neil Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions?
I can't do this kind of thing. I'm holding it better now and I'm not going to find right. I'm holding it.
My hand is as it goes. I'm the greatest of my team. We shake the ball from the ball to the ball like no one's ever seen.
We're in the air. We're on the ground. We're always in control.
Backer. When you say my hand, it gets comfortable.
I have no luck. My hand is gone.
I mentioned that there are already six American soldiers dead in the first 24 hours of Operation Feluzza Bloodband that I mentioned at the end.
Six Americans are already and they just only just begun. That's against an invisible enemy because everybody's bailed out of Feluzza.
When you kind of announce weeks ahead of time that as soon as the American elections are safely stolen, they're going to be invading Feluzza and go in and deliberate and decampate everybody pretty much bailed.
I remember Jackie Bales.
I'm looking at TSN right now. I don't see any podium. I watched also sports. I turned every place that I could imagine.
Was there like a bunch of Jack Snifers? I don't see anything about they wanted.
We did it with Lauren.
They talked about the Hockey Hall of Fame last night. The fact that Raymond Bork and Larry Murphy and Cliff Fletcher and who was the other one, some of the group ball got inducted the Hockey Hall of Fame last night.
I forget who the fourth one was. I'm embarrassed by that.
Three blue chip blue liners who...
Oh Paul Coffee. Well, easy for you.
Are you watching ESPN? No, watching Channel 6. Are they carrying it? They will be yes.
Well, what do you mean they will be? It's 11.02 right now.
See, here's another example of the kind of variance that goes into programming this radio station.
Stand by for when you're going to start this show this morning, whatever Howard Bales out, which you know, we kind of got caught a little bit short on that.
And now, stand by for the 11 o'clock press conference, which we don't have anybody to go there to to talk and fill in the time, but just kind of keep an eye on it.
You know, keep your eye on it like Sammy Davis Jr. You know, Joe Rose is there.
Joe Rose is there, but he's not there for us. See, if Joe Rose was still on QAM, instead of a lame duck show, besides Joe Rose on their little dog, we'd have had a big summer book.
We'd have a guy over there who would be talking right now, who knows if it's all about it.
I'm going to go over there.
I'm going to go over there.
I'm going to go over there.
I'm going to go over there.
I'm going to go over there.
I'm going to go over there.
I am able to go over there.
The greatest of my dreams.
We take the moment home to go like no one can ever achieve.
Maybe I'll turn over to like sports night, because there's wasting a lot of time with this crap, which already saw this last night about the hockey hall of fame and the inventions of the world.
I'm going to be sport-free.
Wait, nobody invited me.
Somebody's been talking about that.
Okay, so you've left me between a rock and a hard place now.
Oh, I get it.
Well, yeah, because nobody was paying any attention, because obviously, Ronda orders to shut me off, but they shut the car off.
They shut the car off, and they shut the car off from in there.
Right, and I couldn't hear anything, which is really frustrating, because once Eddie Jones started talking about Mr. H to this and Mr. H to Mr. H and Mr. H to Mr. Mr. H.
And I'm screaming and yelling and like, what the hell am I going to hear nothing, and finally I heard something.
Well, how about that?
Wow. So we got like preempted in the attend attend forty hour, as you heard my heart, which is okay with us for use today.
And now we got preempted from eleven thirty to eleven thirty three again.
What can we put on now?
That would be good.
But the way we came back, so I would like to have had a little bit of input as to the way we handled it, because if we'd have cut it off at eleven twenty six, we could have come back to me.
I could have done that. We could have gotten the last pull break.
In fact, some of the spots you just played, I have no idea if separate last one, where those came from or what they are, but not for me to ask.
Like, I mean, Macris said it's not for me to say, that this kind of did stuff.
Well, but how am I supposed to know that?
We didn't know, nobody knew.
What do you mean they just kind of did stuff?
Well, they let us have control back in the control room, and then they did some things, and then...
What does that have to do with the spots?
Well, they are fine with the spots from the...
They are fine with the spots from the...
Who subsidized this radio station and paying arm and legs for it to advertise on this radio on this show.
Yeah, they took some of the spots from the show to come back with.
Why?
Yeah, they played a break in other words.
They are not the spots that I have on my log. That's what I am trying to tell you.
We are doing a little programming on the other side.
I am sure Mr. H wouldn't mind.
And I guarantee you would have been a lot more...
The last half are what would have been much more entertaining if they wouldn't have shut me off.
I knew they shut me off.
Of course, but I was throwing things in like...
Oh, right!
And all like that.
Yeah, no, no.
But nobody heard that.
Because God forbid we should alienate Mr. H and the dolphin organization.
Because this is very serious stuff, you know.
And he is a fine man in very community.
No, he is not.
Well, that's what they were saying.
Now, what is this thing?
Got Norman Bates is going to be the interim coaches that what they said?
And his mother.
What are we doing in the spots where his motel?
Who the hell are they kidding?
Oh, it's always the same crap.
Every time all these coaches go under you.
It's always the same.
And he's the finest gentleman.
And he did this.
And he's...
He stopped.
They stopped enjoying out.
Okay, he had to go.
And Mr. H didn't want any part of this.
And Mr. H...
Seriously, any Jones man.
And he must have a tongue out of his ankles, you know what?
God.
What a butt kisser.
Oh, that's right.
That wouldn't be good to say.
Right.
Right.
But he is.
Man, oh man.
I'm like, why couldn't he just say Wayne?
Does he have better be afraid of him as Wayne?
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
I'm like...
But I'm kinda like...
...got into the headth Perhaps he should go, you know, go to a...
I think we can stop...
with ice hands like this.
What...
I'm like...
I'm like...
You must be thinking of the other guy who struggled in this...
Пало.
开始 the mile.
Wait until we get back.
Motions again.
So simple, but again as usual because they just don't know how to do things right.
Well, let's cut him off because he's going to play a lot of grotesque sounds on it.
We wouldn't play it any forests, we can't play those.
I remember that great press conference where the Panthers where Bill Tury came on to fire the Marie Brothers.
That was exciting.
At least they let me get some of that stuff on the air that day. That was fun.
But no, this is deadly serious, man.
We certainly don't want to have neo-rodgers on there messing up because then very jackass.
I'll write some kind of a column.
Riffin WQAM has been an adult in fact ship station, which we may or may not be in the future,
since they're already were pissed off about Howard being on.
But that's kind of a lame excuse anyway because Howard's not going to be on much longer anyway,
another 14 months or until maybe serious buys out and fitted into contract,
which could be any day now from what I'm here.
But anyway, 24-till noon.
Boy, this is a mess today, you know what?
Didn't have to be.
Didn't have to be.
It's so much better what it is.
Oh, is that what it is?
Yeah.
Oh, look at that.
This is made to general Terry Murray on CNN.
You know, is my psychic power incredible or what?
Terry Murray.
Didn't I just talk about the Murray boy?
Did Brian and Terry Murray?
Stookie.
Wow, wow, wow.
And CNN still hasn't decided that AeroFart is dead.
They want to hear for themselves.
They want to put their ears.
They're a status scope right up to his heart.
And here like, you hear like this like any last groaning or moaning.
Or if he's going to like Bob Prince would say, kiss him goodbye.
Hey, if you want to know more about fun, are you going to do some spots here?
Yeah, though.
We'll have to take all three of them.
Yeah, we'll be out there.
You know, so what's wrong with that?
Okay, yeah.
Hey, listen to people that don't keep a flying crap about they want instead of the dolphins.
Those people are like, they're gone anyway, you know.
They're busy someplace else.
They'll eventually come driftin' back in.
Here it is.
It's like 1137.
We haven't even officially started the show yet.
This is almost as good as a Marlon's game only before the show, instead of like after the SN.
This is good.
In fact, practice makes perfect.
Let's do this a lot.
Let's have a press conference tomorrow to announce that there ain't going to be no panther season.
Huh?
And the guilty ain't going to be cool in the game.
Hey, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet, if you're fat and if you've
died over there because of that fat, it's choking your ass.
Here's a great story.
You're going to love it's called the Liza West Boko, whether you're starting or restarting
the adkins, the sugar busters, the South Beach or any low carb sugar for your diet, the Liza
West Boko has always been and continues to be the number one low carb storage South Florida.
They even pick up a few items in your grocery store.
They've got like one little shelf off in a corner somewhere that's got like a half a dozen items on low carb.
But every item in the store, if the Liza is geared to you and your low carb needs, they've got over
1200 products like carbolite ice cream, things with fantastic taste, reds, pastas, chocolates,
brownies, cookies and lots more.
The staff had the Liza and there's low carb value inside and out and they can answer all your questions for you.
And as always, you can sample anything in the store before you buy it to to make sure you like it.
The Liza is open every day, seven days a week from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m.
and you'll find the Liza on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb, this LOW, C-A-R-B, around WickedWeb, it's lowcarb.com.
There's only one Deluxe West Book, it's an incredible store, it's your official Actions retail center.
You're the season new Roger.
And this collection of your carbon 560-60-8Q-A-R.
Go down the drain.
When wave displays his games by great complaints.
Whose main spot still got in danger?
It's way, it's way, whose acclaim has gone down in flames.
It's way, it's way, the shame of the wave was paid upon by great.
I think it's cost-pitch, the strain of the wave may stay inside by the haze.
I'm on the hearth.
There was nothing else being said except how they're going to go out there and play 100% and lose some more games.
The same old trite clichés, it was done.
We could have got very easily, we could be right now doing the second break since we came back and said, you see what I'm saying?
No.
Let me just write in, we're doing a little programming as we go.
Don't worry folks, the show hasn't started yet.
It's one of those things.
I think this show is not really, it's only penciled in on this point if you really look at it honestly.
We're just hanging out here for a while.
Anyway, so what did we just do?
We did that, we did that.
No, no, seriously, this doesn't solve anything because it still leads me back up with, there's still our spots missing.
You follow what I'm saying?
But we couldn't have got them all in no problem.
But they won't listen to me, we've got to shut him off because that would be disrespectful in the middle of a dolphin organization press conference and that would be re-bad.
But 2261 votes on our poll yesterday, who would be the strongest candidate for either party in 2008?
Rudy Giuliani for 86.
I guess they fell for that dog imponious we put on there at World Trade Center at Ground Zero, excuse me.
Hillary Clinton 454, John McCain 451, he's right on Hillary's ass.
Pretty soon they'll be cheek to cheek.
Or is that ass to ass?
Barack Obama 336, which is obviously the correct answer man, there's the dark horse, not too dark, right?
That's right.
Barack Obama, that's the man 336.
Howard Dean 265, who made well be named the new head of the Democratic National Committee, it looks like.
He's putting in a bid, that's right, replaced that very boring Terry McCollough.
I'd rather have Dick McCollough, the old second baseman from the Tigers.
Better to have Scottie McCollough.
I'm in fanatos between Terry McCollough and Dick McCollough, I'll stick with.
Jeb Bush, our fan asked Governor 107, John Kerry 82 and John Edwards 80.
Isn't it interesting that both of them pull up the ass in?
This haven't had their chance and balloon it, or really having had a stolen from them.
Okay?
We got the Carney Wilson on our beaded curtain today, who quite frankly looks pretty damn good there.
It's a very flattering purchase after she lost all her weight.
And I'm assuming that maybe some of that weight shifted from her butt and from her midsection,
like right up to her boobs there, because she's got like very ample lovely boobs in that picture.
That's a good picture.
If you hang up side down, that'll happen.
Up Carney Wilson, well, she is.
She of course has had a little bit of a problem with life.
Her father of course said a little, wouldn't it, Brian Wilson?
That's Carney, you don't need any background in her.
Right.
She had that one big hit and then kind of vanished.
And they started to start entirely.
Huh?
They're in the till there.
Well, as a matter of fact, lately, it's good thing you haven't seen her.
She's starting to pork up a little bit again, right there.
That's a wonderful picture cut in between when she was jagged and can grotesque,
and in between when she started to work on it again,
and she kind of starts looking like Brian's teddy bear.
Anyway, let's see, we got today's poll.
And I thought we'd build this poll today, but the way things are going,
we got like a two hour show.
If you could be anything that's living in person for one month, who would you be?
Now, I started this off with Donald Trump because he likes to fire people.
He has power in mind, right?
Donald Trump.
I also put Tom Brady.
Okay.
Right?
Who would want to be Tom Brady right now?
Be honest about it.
Sure, whether.
And I put Britney's husband.
I don't know what his name is, and I don't think anybody else does either.
So just Britney's husband.
For obvious reasons.
Wouldn't you like to be Britney's husband for a month?
Okay.
For a month.
Well, I realized she had quite as pristine as she used to be,
but I just thought she would have a hard pristine.
Now, we're saving.
Come on.
We don't have a lot of time for you to enter.
Okay.
We missed you yesterday.
Thanks again for the prisoner I did watch the first one last night, and Joshua attended
I ripped you an ass yesterday because it cost me 21 and a half bucks for it.
And I never dreamed I'd watch them again.
I've seen them all.
But I didn't know we were going to be posted, uh, do one.
I understand.
You don't have to get out.
It was the intent that counted.
I mean, we wasted 90 bucks in this for an unfortunate, but be that as a may.
Don't do it again.
I told you.
No birthday.
Okay.
Well, I'm just going to stop.
He's really.
See, because he figures that if he doesn't send me a birthday gift, I'll forget about
his birthday in December.
And I won't send them a nice check.
I said him over a year.
Even if he doesn't.
What?
Just such a sweet cut really.
But I will.
Yeah.
Don't give me that crap.
Don't feed me that bull crap.
I know about being used in abuse.
I work for this company.
Okay.
Seriously, that was so poorly handled this last.
It could have been a piece of cake.
We've done a zid in those on this station, right?
But no, we got to get the fat man out of there.
We got to cut him out of this entirely because we got to suck up to what he's doing.
Now, because now that Stern is going off, we might as well as hang out of the dolphins as pathetic
as they are.
Because maybe someday we'll be able to sell spots again on those four hours of four play we have
before the game, although we sure can't do it now at one in eight.
It's not too great.
See what I'm saying?
No.
They just can't make up their mind in this place.
What they want to be.
You know, do we want to be a sports station?
Do we want to be an entertainment station?
Do we want to be like mixing mats?
So we can't quite make up what they want to be.
Except there are a bunch of bulls that they can do very well.
Anyway, Steve Wolf, my good, pikes out over at Pompo Park says,
Pompo Park, and this leads right into a story about a little more information about that seminal tribe
and about the day crews in the street where they slipped in the Mickey or at least they tried their best.
I am so sick and tired of these hypocrites telling you about how evil gambling is then coming to fight out there at a gambling business.
They just don't want any competition.
Do you know what that would be like?
There would be like all of a sudden you start seeing an ad in the newspaper saying,
oh, don't eat it.
Shulas are a root-cris steakhouse because steak is poison that will carry a meat is filled with hormones and stuff.
And then you find out that they are actually being placed by the competitors, some of the steakhouse.
You know, like what's that place on the beach where they brought us all the silverware?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'll say they forget.
Yeah, come on.
It's Mr. Wolensky.
Nothing Wolensky.
I mean, I'm not saying that they would do something like that all of them.
That mirror was pretty weak.
But you understand what I'm saying?
There's no credibility there.
We talk about being a hypocrite, you see, in the Mickey Erison?
Anyone will get to that.
Pompadopark is holding an amendment for Thank You Party tomorrow November 10.
Management at Pompadopark, Racine and Poker.
Here's a free spot for us.
We don't have to buy any spot tomorrow.
They'll be holding a Thank You Party on a passing amendment for on last Tuesday and the election,
even though it looked like they'd try to steal it.
The party was his open to the general public.
It will be highlighted with a special trade-cutting ceremony after the fourth race tomorrow night.
And the entire day and I will feature a special discuss.
If I didn't know that, I'd have come down there for it.
I'd have cut the cake and even given a piece of that rich.
All race programs throughout have been reduced to 50 cents along with many food items including draft beer sodas and hot dogs.
On the fourth floor, all you can eat the pay reduced to only seven bucks.
What a bargoon.
Huh?
So instead of dollar nights of our night, it'll be 50 cents.
This is a free spot for Pompadopark is what it is, I don't mind.
Dick Feinberg, my close personal friend, General Manager of Pompadopark,
wishes that Bob Boulmar was still driving and we'd bring him down to Pompadop.
Hey, listen, if we'd bring an Irvay Phigian and Walter K. Swelbring and anybody.
He says, we really want to thank all of our employees, horsemen, and women, and our patrons that all supported work so hard on the passage of them in four,
and I'm sure he had near-rived years in mind when he said that too.
Now, I'll save this.
Don't let me forget, we'll give him a free spot on it tomorrow.
Okay.
Because they probably came to it because we have a loaded log.
I'm up to make up all the spots we missed today and a real mess.
I mean, what did they just get through saying they were okay?
I have a story ready here which I didn't know where we were going to carry a press conference.
Lon Stets out, he quit, he was fired, whatever you want to believe.
We got Norman Vases, the interim, which if he thinks he's really going to be around the bend of the season, he's dreaming.
And Mr. H said this and Mr. Eddie Jones said Mr. H in the first two minutes, how many times?
About 30 minutes.
Jesus Christ almighty.
He's got a name, Eddie, okay, his name is Wayne.
Wayne. He puts his pants on one leg at a time.
I know he's had some recent problems, you know, personal problems, and that's unfortunate.
But the fact of the matter is people still hate him like poison.
Don't we?
Oh, whatever.
Come on, cut the crap.
I don't like him, but you know.
He is reviled in the local community, okay?
Everything he has touched ultimately has turned to crap.
From the way he dismantled the Marlins, the dolphin organization has like slowly but surely dissolved into like this disaster.
An absolute disaster that thousands and thousands of empty seats of the Arizona game on Sunday and Spada claim to have 72,000 people.
I mean, they sold all the tickets, placed a channel seven stepping in so there wouldn't be an embarrassing blackout.
But who are you kidding, okay?
The path is of course he dumped them off just in time because now there's no hockey.
I mean, and how about that blockbuster of that ballbuster park, huh?
That's what he should have done.
It was built in called a ballbuster park, because he sure is man.
Mr. H, he's a ballbuster.
I remember what he said after that Marlin World Series win their first one in 97.
I'm not in it for the fans, I meant it for the money.
That's really, that's charming.
And he wonders why the public despises him like poison, Mr. H.
But I guess he wouldn't like that.
So I didn't really say that.
And not only that, but I dropped in when as soon as any drone started talking, I had dropped in...
Take off those checkered pants.
But I didn't get on the air.
So I'll say it again.
Take off those checkered pants.
Yeah.
We all seen you standing here on the sideline pacing up and now what I'm so you checkered pants on like some old fart from cemetery village.
Hey, look for the QM van right now at the corner of 117th and Kendall Drive.
Stop by to pick up a VIP pass to a special meat and greet with NASCAR driver Dale Jarrett.
Why don't we care about that?
I don't understand that.
Look for the QM van right now.
It doesn't even say like a business ranting just at the corner of 117th and Kendall Drive and Kendall.
I know exactly where that is.
In fact, they used to live like just a few blocks from there.
Stop by to pick up a VIP pass to attend special meat and greet and eat with NASCAR driver Dale Jarrett.
Oh, Dale Jarrett.
Old Dale Jarrett.
Remember old Dale?
Sure.
Old boy?
I'm right.
Now, the Seminole tribe, which both have cleared the path for gambling on reservations 25 years ago,
spent more than $5 million.
We had some of this for you last week, but here's more detail from your scum symbol this morning.
They spent more than $5 million trying to defeat a proposal that could bring slot machines to suffer
fraud or raise traction and high-life front times and will bring it.
Not could bring, will bring.
The day cruise industry, another gambling interest opposed to the ballot measure,
kicked in nearly a million dollars against amendment four.
So you got six million dollars there between the day cruises, slipping the Mickey in there,
and five million coming from the Indians and seven of the Indians.
But South Florida's traction and high-life front, hence spent nearly 15 million to get the proposal
on the ballot and convinced voters statewide that slot machines are a good way to raise money for schools
and they are.
More than three million came from the aisle of Capricacino and Veloxi Mississippi.
Three times since 1978, Florida voters have killed down.
We know about that.
Under this measure, Broward and Dave counties with another vote can permit seven raise traction,
high-life front times and South Florida's sub-slot machines.
Those evil one-art bandits!
I never thought I would live to see this day, you know what?
The constitutional provision dedicates any tax revenue on the slot machines to schools around the state.
The seven per mutual facilities have promised schools a 30% cut.
I thought, turn it man!
The state lawmakers don't pass the tax.
In the two weeks before Election Day, the Seminole Tribe here would go to the in the two weeks before the day.
Election Day.
The Seminole Tribe gave five point six million dollars to the No on Amendment 4 Committee,
which bought TV ads warning that slot machines would erode Florida's reputation as a family-friendly vacation spot
and increased drug use and crime.
Oh my God!
The tribe run six casinos with poker tables, video gaming machines,
and high stakes bingo.
The casinos don't offer black jack or black jack or table jack or table games like Crapture Related,
which are illegal under state law.
Max Oceola, one of five members of the Seminole Tribal Council, makes no apologies for the misleading ugly campaign.
We've had to fight and protect every asset we have ever since Columbus landed on the show we said Monday,
citing water rights, fishing rights and land.
But Daniel Acton's chairman of the slots campaign blasted the opposition campaign mounted by the tribe.
For them to go out and call slot machines, the crack cocaine of gambling is an insult to the taxpayers of the state Acton said.
Gambling on reservations that on cruises to nowhere was unregulated and on tax Acton said,
repeating a criticism that the permutual campaign made frequently during their campaign.
In other words, they can have gambling and it's okay and it's kosher and it's wonderful and beautiful,
even though the state's getting no tax revenue from it and nobody except them is benefiting from it,
because it's their own selfish interest that they care about.
But if we want to have it for the kids and for education and for the public generally to go to,
without having to go on a cruise to nowhere or go play a bunch of phony baloney slot machines that aren't the real thing,
then it's great, then it's glorious and wonderful.
But if it's at those seven permutual tracks, then it's the crack cocaine of gambling.
Right, it's going to bring in drugs and crime and the mafia, even Don Cronioni is going to make a comeback, huh?
What a crap, a crap. You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
And then of course they always try to do it, you know, hiding behind some organo.
No, this committee, no one, whatever, and they never tell you who they are.
Pretending that this right-just group that really is interested in protecting the public against the evils of those one-eyed bandits.
Now what's the spot that we want to do here?
Because I have no idea what you want to do, okay?
Yeah, you said about to send me anything for this hour, huh?
Do dry concepts?
We can do dry concepts and then we can do the both spot at the end of the break.
I don't really care, because we're back into a corner and we're here primarily to get the commercials on folks out.
I'm not going to make any pretense for it. That's the way this operation out.
That's the way we operate. Right? Right.
So we'll do that, we'll do the other bows, huh?
Do it. We'll just do them all.
And then about then 1230 or so we'll start to show.
Look, what?
Richard Branson, who put that on me?
That's that billionaire Craig Mood.
I don't know what that is. He's an idiot.
Whatever, I want to be him for a month. He's an idiot.
He's the Virgin Atlantic, Virgin Scarego.
All the things I would do with that money.
So just people with more money than him.
Yeah, but I don't want to be Bill Gates.
I was waiting for that.
Okay, so 1157, you're all spot station QA.
Let me tell you if you got spots on your carpeting.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Rock solid, you turn.
I am he has to talk is there the worst football team?
Absolutely.
They club the ball from goal to goal.
I've no one's ever seen.
They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toy with goal is there that.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Three, two, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Don't say that on them, you'll always lose.
Yeah.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to.
But then they in their jobs.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami.
And then they're the Miami Dolphins.
Yeah!
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Three, two, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans.
No.
Just 50,000 people sitting in the stands.
They watched the game and all they threw is mown and gripped in bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got the piece of...
...and rich and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Three, two, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to move.
The dolphins have eight feet worth.
That quarterbacks at you.
Run down the field and he will pull a pass over you.
I will never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut, that doesn't mean that he was certain size.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Three, two, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
He calls his signals and he grew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points and podcasts on high singles of leaf-facing.
They're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How what the hell?
Three, two, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're free.
Where's the brain stem when we need him, you know what?
In the chart?
12.07 at 5.60 WQM.
Now we're starting our show official, I guess.
This is good.
It may not be a bad idea.
You know what?
Each day just keep pulling back another hour later.
There you go.
And then pretty soon we can start the show like at 145.
Get in a few spots and say, hey, the nice thing with you.
Bye-bye.
Because they're kind of like phasing the show out anyway.
I mean, Stern's phasing themselves out off of a commercial radio.
They're phasing this out.
I think they did the best to face Hank out.
I don't know what's gonna happen there.
So who knows what evil works.
You know, it's kind of bizarre what's going on in this place.
Hey, look for the Q&A right now at the corner of 117th and Kendall Derives.
Stuffed by to pick up a VIP pass to attend a special meet and greet and eat and tap your feet.
Oh, when that's card driver Dale Gerard.
35 US soldiers kept in Fallujah.
Mosque in Iraq's encorstics already did.
Mosque in Iraq's rest of the city of Fallujah announced today that fighters on the inside of the city of captured 35 US soldiers.
A lot of speakers in the Mosque blared off the news as US forces were trying to penetrate the rebel-held city.
But the news could not be immediately independently confirmed.
US troops in Iraq win, we know about this, we know about that.
Okay.
In eight times there's not as much resistance as instructed because everybody's high-tailed it out.
They've ham moved right.
And but in spite of that, they've already taken allegedly taken 35 US prisoners soldier and six are dead.
As the operation for Louis the bloodbath continues.
Arafat is dead.
I don't care what the look at this Palestinian delegation was at the here hospital for two hours in Paris.
I do want to have an adj.
Yeah.
In wire services all say that he's dead but don't confuse CNN with that.
There's still a lot of them to get here.
So he's either dead or alive but he ain't going to be around too long.
Whatever.
Well you're like this story.
Women go topless in Palm Beach County hotel.
That's the other way around.
You see that story?
You posted it on the website there so I saw it.
That's correct. That's why you saw it because Josh now he is on top of his stuff so heavy duty.
I guess he's assuming when that envelope comes with your birthday check that he's going to have another check in there.
Which he will because he's doing such a fine job.
Yes he is.
And he's got a good attitude too.
Well that's right he's got an attitude like us you don't give a crap and that's the way he ought to have.
I try to tell him that.
He wasn't doing happy on election day when we took what we had in screen calls.
Well who would be?
He said yesterday he said don't you ever make me do that again.
So okay just relax.
You don't have a couple of them like best about Josh.
What is that?
He's conscious.
Yeah.
As opposed to your boyfriend that you had in there be a little boyfriend right?
Yeah your little boyfriend they found under the overpass or over the underpass?
Exactly.
Who had just a...
We had a problem of like passing...
Not over a under but just passing over on the floor.
Another one of your people okay?
He was... he had his moment see it we had a little fun with him.
Especially when you scraped him up off the floor but nevertheless.
Well a lot.
I'm trying to tell you we don't have a lot of time today now if you want to go ahead I'll be...
I'll be more than happy with everyone.
I can get enough cab right now and come I'll be regular kid.
I can win another thousand.
You know that the ladies sit next to me on Sunday out there.
I did fine I won about a grand okay?
And the great part of it is you don't have to pay any attacks on any of this.
Ladies sit next to me.
She had a thousand on plain wheel of fortune of course because I'm addicted to that.
She won a thousand on a wheel three times in two hours.
Wow.
Now I want to once which was pretty nice.
You know I don't want it many times but she had a thousand on a wheel three times in two hours.
That's spectacular.
And of course she was not a she was British.
She was not an old lady.
She was like maybe about 40 I would say very nice lady which was shocking because she was a Brit.
And usually I get to Schmidt when I see the Brit but she was nice.
That's really a good time.
But anyway I shouldn't be going out there you want to do the show go right ahead like I said.
You see no equal material that you weren't doing yesterday because you want to make a case of me.
You're going to get next Monday.
You're just taking off some Mondays now okay?
Yeah what about that?
A lunch and meeting of these scripts research institute board of directors that they posh breakers hotel in Palm Beach
were stripped of all the core of yesterday when two topless women surprised the diners in the seafood bar.
Oh right.
They derives of 30 second chant.
But 30 men.
Her test to science that is planned expansion will Palm Beach County wetlands area.
Nature yes, biotech no sing out Lynn Purvis and Veronica Robletto both 24 who described themselves as environmental activist from Lake Worth.
Among those who seem momentarily stunning and unfocused look at the budding protest moment which is threatened to slow constructs of the science center's laboratories were scripted president Dr. Richard Learner
about 16 board members and best selling author of science followers Robin Cook rhymes with Snoop.
Pulling out their shirts as they as it to the grand hotels or an eight lobby the protestors were stopped at the security gate about three of the arts from the front door.
Police used the women a warning against unlawful trespassing.
They buried it all.
The pair might have made a clean getaway had they not had to have a valley park their car.
There were no free spaces available said Purvis.
The protest followed a by button hour visit to the board meeting by fat ass governor Jeb Bush and introduced trustees most of whom are from outside Florida some of the controversy ruined over the Palm Beach County project.
Environmentalists have threatened lawsuits if scripts Florida goes along with a head with plans to build on mecha farms.
A one time orange grow west of Palm Beach gardens facing years of delay if lawsuits are filed some Palm Beach County commissioners have considered joling somewhere else in other words forget about it.
I haven't played that in a long time.
Oh god about it. He says it so well.
Oh god about it.
Yeah out of sight out of mind you know even he got screwed over to a place but that's alright in this case you deserve it.
Okay we need to get some more names on that poll because we're trying to like the show started now.
Okay.
We're trying to get away from all that heavy because it's pretty obvious to me that most people are like burned out you know.
Okay so the election was rigged and carry blew it and this and that but you know we can't go for four years of self-immolation.
Right. Right. Life goes on at least for the time being.
Right.
As best we can.
Although we got some votes on there and now we've only got a few choices.
110 votes if you could be anything that's living person for one month or would you be.
And of course I didn't put any women on the area because we don't have any women listening but if you want to put a woman on there maybe some of you guys would like to be a woman.
I don't know.
Huh?
We'll find out.
Britney's husband 37 who have no 35 Tom Brady 15 that was my choice.
I could just look in the mirror and like you know.
Yeah I had myself in the head.
I see Richard Branson 12 and Donald Trump 11 plus he's got a lot of money and he can do anybody that he wants.
You wouldn't mind being Tom Brady for a month. Don't give me any sign of dance.
Okay. Right.
This is why you wouldn't have to get yourself all dirty in the football field.
WNQAM. Hello.
Uh, Yenba the Sunday C is pointing that Mr. Airfant's not feeling good.
Yeah.
Okay great. Thanks for the big news. WNQAM. Hello.
Yeah we don't.
Yeah I am. WNQAM. Hello.
See this is just like yesterday. Same thing.
Same start. QAM. Hello. Yes.
I have not you have to.
You have to. He's a 35 votes. Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
It's just like yesterday. I told you they're just coming following a part of the scenes after last week and all the election crap.
And it's never going to be the same again.
So let's put the press conference again for those who missed it the first time.
5 6 7 0 5 6. I don't want to say we're off to like a slow start here today, but something they're looking to do.
WNQAM. Hello.
Neil. Yes. Hey. How you doing? Okay.
How about um, I know you have.
WNQAM. Hello.
I heard you're taking somebody's wardrobe and kind of funny WNQAM. Hello.
Hey Neil. How are you? Yes sir. Okay.
Um, if you see any, uh, did you see this follow up to that story? You have just a head of a big a portrait host that made the wet factory mark.
Yeah, I had it on the year yesterday or the follow up. Yeah, they suspended on. Yeah, suspended a sentence. Uh-huh.
But they won't even talk about being is okay. Thanks. We don't really care about that. WNQAM. Hello.
Bring back their brain. Um, come on. You can go bring back the brain. Stand.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da. Yeah, that's disrespectful man to be talking about the brainstem.
And it's the same thing with him. You know, they fired true and they had to make it look like he was, uh, he retired. I know retire.
Oh, yeah, he didn't retire. I can't. Oh, I got to do a break though. I. Yeah.
Holy cow. Well, I'm going along here because you keep in a rubber.
I said, yeah, no. 1215 at 560 WNQAM. Let me tell you about our good friends. If you're in Teen Mortgage Bankers and do feel V to the return 175 different mortgage programs available to them,
they will fight a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently they helped the listener of ours who never dreamed to be able to qualify to build his own home.
Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get.
And they were closely with him to determine which one was best. And then they made it happen for him.
That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach and one 800 734 is 6616.
Would you look in for an interest only low in a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rated just normal mortgages they have.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach has what you need. They offer payments as low as 332 bucks for every 100 grand you borrow.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach can make it happen for you too with your mortgage and related to Zendiana Cruz. That is correct.
After closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach, you'll be able to choose one of six different seven I Cruz's compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers.
Call them right now. Would you want to buy a new home and investment property or just be financed at current mortgage.
It's toll free 1 800 734 6616 or on the wicked web it's guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com.
That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach for you between it just like family. Call them right now no obligation 1 800 734 6616.
You want to sing to Neil Roger?
Yes, you want to sing to Neil Roger?
Yes, you want to sing to Neil Roger?
The break already?
I am an Army of one.
I am the U.S. Army reservist.
Out of shape. Overweight.
I did not read the fine grin of my investment contract.
So I've been called up for active duty once again.
I am ready to serve.
Sorta.
It is not even matter that the closest thing to fiscal activity since I've gotten out of the Army has been wrestling with the two doughs bag trying to get it open.
But my country is in need.
And it's my lawyer who can get me out of it. I will serve my country proudly.
I am an Army of one.
I am the U.S. Army reservist.
Where the guys that make the National Guard will call the Special Forces.
I am the U.S. Army reservist.
Bad news, by the way, speaking of troops, 11 U.S. troops were killed.
It's interesting because the mainstream media they are busy talking about the air fart in this condition is worsening.
And this goes on and on and on. They have an impressed government.
In the meantime, three and a half hours ago, about three hours and twelve minutes ago, the wire service in the city was already dead.
Okay, do you like that?
So let me ask you this. Who do you believe?
Certainly they are not given a song dance about the fact that there is all these troops dead.
And now you understand what they didn't start this flueja blood bath until after the U.S. election was safely stolen.
I mean over.
11 U.S. troops were killed in a rack Monday.
The highest single day death toll in the country more than six months.
Two Marines were killed when their bulldozer flipped over into the Euphrates River.
But it was a tough day throughout a rack.
I've seen you're finding out a official said noting that none of the U.S. troops were killed other parts of the country as well.
There were three Marines and six soldiers most more victims of homemade bombs and killed in locations southwest flueja.
Southwest of Baghdad in and around the capital.
And it goes on.
And they're still trying to figure out how come they're getting such light resistance in flueja.
Okay, this thing is so well planned. You know what?
Right.
Okay, let's see if we get any response on the pool which I doubt.
But we'll continue. Maybe somebody will call and suggest Hugh Hentner.
56070560.
Pound 560.
Any Verizon and singular wireless line WQA.
Hello.
Yes, I want to talk to Neil about it.
I want the reason why I want that stuff inside.
Yeah.
Is this Neil?
Yes it is.
Neil is Mark.
Got a perfect pie.
I guess Mark is saying.
Mark and pepper pies and see why they want that pie.
Got a quick.
The reason why is because he wants his butt to get stuck in just like what Jimmy Johnson did for him.
Yeah.
He's got a couple weeks and he's got a lot of work in it.
I'm already out so I want a buddy to come in.
Yes, well we don't care.
Okay, call up on the sport.
Sure.
We don't care.
Let's see here it says Harry and I earlier, hey Mr. R.
Some of the funniest radio is when you put droppings, Congress press conferences.
It would have been, it would have been, if you could hear all the stuff I was droppin'
but I was 99% sure that they cut me off what they did.
They did it from the other room so it's not like we even said.
All I have to say you're frigging management is get a sense of humor.
For God's sake it's only the frigging dawn.
Now they don't have a sense of humor and God forbid that they should let that potty mouth kneel on there.
Who got only nose were kind of stuff ill to make us look bad and then wait until we get Mr. H and get all bent out of the show.
Yeah, right.
Probably do something disrespectful.
Yeah.
Plus they don't have the new deal with them wrapped up anyway.
And who the hell knows it?
From what I'm hearing it's not going to happen is what I'm hearing.
That's the room around town.
That they're going across the street to the other place, the dolphins, but who knows?
And the way they're playing with that organization who cares, okay?
But nevertheless, we don't want to mess with that because that's important stuff.
Okay, it's all right to mess with Vichel because we're just window dressing here on the show.
That's what we've become.
Oh, guess what?
Guess what?
Your days are coming.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That one for your call.
How about you?
I'll come all.
Yeah, okay, great. WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I want to make a comment.
I'm listening.
Comment about what?
Oh, about the, um, what is who you want to be for a month and everything?
Yes, sir.
Oh, maybe the rapper guy Jay Z.
He goes with the unsavorable.
Okay, Jay Z, you got him, Jay Z.
You got it.
One for the brothers out there.
Jay Z.
All right?
We got it.
All right.
All right.
We got so far.
He will have to be 65 if he could be somebody else for a month, living person who would be.
He will have to be 65.
Britney's husband 46.
Where's your grandson 24?
Tommy Brady's 17, Donald Trump.
12, you're fired at it.
And now Jay Z will be on there.
Okay, we'll get a few of them on there.
Maybe he will have to work it on there.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
I got a woman for your list.
Great.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
And for you, an extortionist
on a factor's fair and balanced
but not when he calls at night
he says atchtine forerah
who likes it a little to the right
when built ol' Riley's morning
Sure it ain't the noise things on.
So when Bill O'Reilly's diving,
you best not to cut your phone.
I'm tired of it.
Why do you say so long?
You know, so they covered that up real nice and you paid her off and the way she went.
That's the end of that.
Right, whatever.
And I think you go back to being the finger pointing at Hippocrite that he always has been.
End of the liar.
Error fat dead say Palestinian sources of mid-confusion.
You know, this is, this has got to be one of the longest deaths in history, you know.
I think this is right in there.
Maybe our fat ass gutter, Jabkin, intervene and make sure that they don't remove the tube, you know.
Since he got that terri's line, the lumbar we can do that are in Paris.
Although I don't think he probably wants to be in concert with the old Europe, you know.
Jibsir.
The fate of Palestinian president Yesor Amafar was martinic's infusion today.
His French doctor is again cognitive reports by senior Palestinian officials that the veteran leader had died at a Paris hospital, which I told you hours ago.
Several political sources said Amafar, 75 in a coma for the past six days, had succumbed to the mystery illness.
And of course his wife says these were really poisoned them.
They would do something like that, would they?
Look.
Had succumbed to the mystery illness that led to his being flown to Paris from the West Bank October 29th,
thrusting his Palestinian authority into crisis.
He is dead. It is possible they'll delay the announcement when Palestinian source said he died after bleeding in the brain began last night.
His bodyguards started hugging and kissing and telling him to tell him to be strong.
Oh, they were just probably having a party.
But it's spoken for French medical services and sister that Amafar was still alive saying Mr. Amafar is not dead.
Palestinian foreign minister Nabil Chath told CNN from Paris that they were fat is alive and no decisions been made to take him off life support.
Well, we can only keep one alive.
Terry Shavore, yes, or Amafar, which one do you think?
We only have one thing.
Maybe we can borrow Russia's applicator tube.
The Florida of Conflicty reports hereafter during a visit to Paris by a delegation of three senior Palestinian officials all seen his potential successes to Amafar to check out on the Palestinian leader despite his wife's angry objections.
And it goes on. He's been in a coma.
He's been widely admired by Palestinians as the father of terrorism.
I mean, if they're struggling, it goes on.
Well, there you go.
So he said, dead or alive, whichever one you choose to believe.
Okay. If it makes you happy that he's dead, he's dead.
If you like hope that he's still alive just for whatever reason that possibly could be.
If you want to seem below one more kiss, goodbye.
Get to that. Like that.
I still think he's got family sociability, even dead or alive.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon Singular Rivals lines.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
Bonify.
That's Canadian happy birthday.
Okay.
Did you ever get a chance to look at the win TV?
Oh, I am.
Okay.
No, I did not.
It's a most amazing channel.
You just can't turn off.
They broadcast a lot of the news from the Middle East that the state and regular run news channels
and show like the whole news broadcast and you really see what's going on over in the Middle East.
If you want to see that, I don't ever want to hear about the Middle East again.
Except this Amaphar thing and he's in Paris anyway, the old Europe.
I don't think so.
I don't care. Let them all kill each other.
They're all bunch of barbarian lunatics.
If they want to kill each other, let them do it.
Leave us alone.
And if they want to kill each other fine, you know, it's like the French in Quebec here.
If you want us to see, I'll pack them a smoke-meat sandwich.
Give it to them.
Absolutely.
But they're all so, you know, broadcast what's going on with flesh and everything.
Like I said, I don't ever want to see that.
Okay, have a great day pal.
I'm going to see what that.
I'm going to do what George suggested.
I'm going to do the same thing as you.
You know, we've all been under a lot of pressure now.
This has been like being in a pressure cooker week after week day after day and month after month.
I'm like taking some time off from all of this insanity.
Okay, right.
But in games again, baby, we can't play any parts of it.
We can't play 90% of bits in our DCS here, but Jesus Christ.
I find something, even if we just talk to morons again all day for three hours, whatever runs.
Until they outlaw that.
Drugs.
Until they outlaw that.
No, necessarily.
I mean, I can't take it in this at first of all.
I just checked the other, I look at the stats every day.
I'm on Alexa on our website.
And we've been doing pretty good, especially right around election time.
But the average page views on our website is like 1.2 pages,
which means the overwhelming majority of the people who go to our website are still looking at the movie pictures.
That's a way, which is fine, you know.
But this is not just now.
This is during the election, before the election, before the election, whatever.
We're just spinning our wheels here, man.
Talking to the same people every day, just wasting my time.
Collecting a check, which by the way, tomorrow is payday for certain idiots in the building,
who the last couple of paid days just can't seem to get their act together.
Tomorrow will be payday for all of us who are supposed to get paid on the 10th and 25th.
See, that's one of the reasons I got such a pain in my back bone, yeah, for men.
It's when you have to go through all kinds of trauma just to try to make sure you get paid when you're supposed to.
It's unacceptable as what it is.
Totally unacceptable.
It's ridiculous.
That's why I'm not concerning anymore with the neighbors.
And look at the great chap they did on that press conference, how they'd botched that up real nice.
And like the one fact, I guarantee you, we've had a hell of a lot more people listening.
It would have been the talk of the town.
Everybody in town would have been talking about it.
And 99% of those people would have been amused by it and laughing and peeing in their pants
if they'd just let me drop in all that good stuff on her.
Oh, no, cut me off of there, huh?
We're here to be respectful, doesn't it?
See, they could have typed it themselves off the feed in the other room.
They didn't have to, they did that once before.
You know, but then of course they would have had to come in there and say,
the last time we carried some kind of a press conference, remember they came in and begged me,
oh please, no play, of course now I don't talk to them so they can't do that.
So they just cut me off right in the middle of my own show, which is unacceptable as what it is.
It is totally unacceptable.
Because everything now is with a sour or very serious.
How can you take the dolphin seriously for crying out loud, okay?
How can you take it seriously? They're a joke.
They're a laugh of the league and the league that's supposedly got a lot of parity now.
Where you have like most mediocre teams, they're being able to mediocre a new definition.
Yeah, they're a parody, alright.
Yeah, they're a parody.
P-A-R-O-D-Y of themselves, of their former selves.
Even George knows it and he wishes he never heard about football again.
He knows that pigs can his trache.
That's right.
God, okay let's take a look at that poll.
We'll get a few names on there by the end of the show where I can any faxes and I have a feeling that that press conference really screwed us good today.
Now what is it the middle of November?
Ah, we don't care, it's only the fall book.
Right.
The dolphins will be ill so it on that.
And then I got really laugh about that promo there.
You talk about really sucking up man.
Hank breaks the exclusive to once that was fired a resign or whatever last night.
He breaks that.
And last time he broke us through, he got suspended for six weeks.
That isn't just my making up, it's the freaking truth.
And I was saying, oh the Humber, our very own Hank Goldberg broke us through.
Please don't go across the street, Hank.
You want to sing to me, you Rogers.
It's lucidity.
Unpriced people.
P-A-R.
Fraud you guys.
I'm dying on the air.
Think you found your belt with a fever inside.
It's a pretty good chance you're gonna die.
To get some joke I'm not a bitch.
It just gets naked and lost back to me.
You can get up some shot.
You can get up some shot.
Sit for a while.
Go see Doctor, he can't use you.
Stay in bed and I'll switch the room.
He won't say I killed my friend.
If I had a needle with your friend red.
You can't get a shot
Let go
You can't use the phone rings now
You can't get a shot
Go away
Hey, come on up here
You down the floor, trust me, I'm 40 bucks from U.S.
Far away from the U.S.
That American dollar
Now 84 cents Canadian
Oh, brother
It is just unbelievable
That American dollar is dropping like a rocket
Error is about 1130
111
But third man
Holy moly
And thanks for those low gas prices Mr. President
All those dead soldiers dying every day including today
Supreme Court overturns the decision to support to deport
Let me try it again
Supreme Court overturns the decision yesterday
I read all day because Miguel was there
George was obvious to him
Miguel was only a haze when I read from all day long
So I did all day just because
Because he was ripping me for using body wash
He said it's a faggy thing
Soap is out
Okay
You never use body wash?
I have
Yeah, you don't like it?
I like it fine
I just, you know, soap is what's up, you know, we use
And why is that?
Soap gets herring it
Yes, soap is like soap is watching yourself with a lard, you know?
Right
But anyway, that's okay
Supreme Court overturns the decision to deport Haitian convicted of DUI
The U.S. Supreme Court ruling today in a Miami case said that a drug-driving accident is not a crime of violence
That would allow federal authorities to deport a permanent legal resident
The High Court ruled unanimously in favor of a liel-cold
J-U-O-A can't even spell it much less pronounced it
A Haitian man from Northwest Miami data was deported in 2002 after pleading guilty to felony DUI
And serving two years in prison
The 11 page opinion was written by ailing chief Justice William Rankoyst who after he issued the opinion said
I'm dying on my hand
And this was whether the DUI offense was a crime of violence because he had caused injury to others
Under immigration law, it fit the definition of an aggravated felony that suggests the offender to deportation
The 11th U.S. Supreme Court of appeals ruled that it was but now the Supreme Court disagrees
Reversing the decision, reminding it back to the lower court
However, liel-colds were not immediately known
As attorneys have said they believe he'd be able to return to the U.S. if the justice is ruled in his favor
In its ruling, the High Court said that the...
... said the plain?
What does this mean? The High Court said the plain that if only offense must require intent
What does that mean?
I think you might have heard it
This is the Herald by the way with sucks
I'm not going to read the rest of it because they got all kinds of mistakes in here
The Herald blows and how many get something on their website they got to go through the thing
Oh, sign in! Are you already signed in? Are you a member?
I don't know where, you know?
Probably because people want to get that house story about Dave Womstek at far, I mean resigned
When you think?
Of course
Let's see, here is a...
... this is...
... like to be lower of a castry like you are in the country to read all of that stuff
Cute!
She would keep getting any... they hate this poem, maybe we should dish-muk-kin this poem
Because I got a different one
You think?
You do?
What do you got?
I'll save it for tomorrow
Okay
No, I mean we don't have much of a show today anyway we got like about a two-hour show
So what? What the hell is the point? You know?
The poll to the call to show it to you
Do we have any more than VIP passes for meeting in Eton and Greaton with Dale Jarrett?
First will?
Oh, they didn't move fast
You kidding me? In this crowd?
How come they're not promoting this on kiss? Okay? Is it kiss my fat ass?
Why they got us while bugged down with this?
This is Miguel getting back at me because I read for three and a half hours yesterday
Too bad
Might learn something silly ass
Look for the QM fan right now at the corner of 117th and Kendall Draft
Stop out of pickup of VIP passes to attend the special
Meet in Greaton maybe get to eat with an escarber Dale Jarrett
Now
Here's a fact from Bob that says
How about adding some famous musicians to your poll like the rich superstar stamina stud sting
And then he also says go Hillary
Okay
See you people that are I did that one last poll yesterday about the 2008 elections
Who you'd like to be the strongest candidate and that's it
Give us a rest now for a little while
All these people that want us to be like you know Al Franken
You know talking about Phil O'Reilly every day with Catherine Lampere
You know I'm not going to do that
If you want light bulb radio turn on the light bulb
Listen to the Randy tapes let's now Franken
Listen to right pop a couple on the air
Pop and sits and fills
Oh wait this little poppy when you hear this I've read this so late
Because we didn't get started till like hours after we're supposed to
Now that was really special today you know it
Uh oh shot fired at the Mexican Mexican
Consulate Los Angeles
I sure hope it's no wet back there I mean the beaters I mean Mexicans had it again
A woman faces charges of having sex with an eight year old boy
Even Miss Kamala might be upset about this
I'm not sure who investigated since you considered to be her boyfriend
Tammy Emre 29 this is in Bridge for Connecticut
Tammy Emre was arrested Friday charged with sexual assault
Risk of injury to a minor a judge sent bond at 250 grand yesterday
Police began investigating in September after the third grader's mother discovered
A letter Emre had written to him in which he tells the boy she doesn't want anyone but you
Isn't that sweet?
Uh she continued now tomorrow it's supposed to rain you can come over and we can
You know what? Love you I want you we can you know what?
Police said the boy the playmate of Emre a seven year old daughter
Initially designed doing anything with him right because he fear getting into trouble
He later told police he had sexual intercourse with her and that you give him a key to her apartment
So what is an eight year old boy have sexual intercourse with anybody
Like this
Oh no
According to an arrest after David Emre told investigators she considered it like a fantasy
And she was the girlfriend he was the boyfriend and that someday they could end up together in a relationship
Well she must have been seeing all those shows on the inside of the vision and the other ones you know
Right about Mary Kay about Mary Kay LaTorno
Oh God and I'm going to tell you something that kid that she's been having 80 80 kids with
If he isn't one of the other he makes me look good that's how he record is
He is grotesque the other words all right wow believe what planet is that child from anyway
Everland Emre the suspects mother said her daughter had a little mental problem but declined to elaborate
I love her everland Emre said she didn't do anything wrong
If convicted Emre considered for the 20 years in prison the trial that hasn't been said yet
She didn't do nothing wrong maybe the mother needs some mental health too making a statement like that
What do you think yeah yeah she got up in somewhere now what what's the situation on the are we all up today with a spot in emitting yeah we're good
How do you like that boy did we do it let's pat ourselves on the boat for three hours to get caught up
Now wait a minute I'm a little confused now because now I've got like it's coming up on one o'clock right
My clock didn't just turn back right kind of like those boats that kept turning back in the dating
Browards for the prop four for men and four but yeah here we go because I've got like several more hours to go here
Ha ha ha ha ha ha based on what I had lined up here that would have been really bad
56705 60 pound 560 only Verizon singular wireless lines and it is our definitely restless and surly and I can understand
I can relate to it WDQ and hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir I noticed when you read that story you said the bail was said at $250,000
I just was wondering regarding Bill come out on the first I'm the first one to think what he did was absolutely wrong
But aren't we innocent until proven guilty and also they put them on no bond for him
Yeah I mean do you agree with that no bond yeah yeah I know I know all child masters I don't have the kind of error things cut off
Okay in his case his balls could I in her case I'm not really sure what but we can work on something that's what I think
All he didn't he didn't do it of course we don't know what he has done he's innocent right we know what he wanted to do right exactly in fact they were
The initial stories about that whole deal were incorrect they were incomplete because that out he said several times in a series of emails what he wanted he spelled it out
You know you can start making those gestures again with your fingers and hand like you were making before
Yeah look at your speakers folks you can see George make it a little protest for graphic gestures
We can't say it on the air because Joyce would yeah there you go look this one I call the bunny round oh god
Woo talk about being an acrobat WQA and hello
Hey Mr. R.
I you know and this is Mr. R.
Yes sir Mr. C.
Yeah the R.
You did a great job during the elections you know trying to get the boat going our way yeah and Mr. R.
I'm out of material I think yeah okay you didn't have any they don't have any material let's obviously last two days
That's why I did read almost the whole show yesterday because I took about I tried and we got that John and Lake worth
Turd when we got him on there hey Joyce go away okay the groupies I can't deal with all right the chronics the groupies I don't want to part of them
Go back to the monsters of the midday and the Randy tapes and just get out of here my mother's still dead by the way
WQA and hello WQA and hello
QA and
WQA and hello
Hey how you doing now okay sir
Hey I got to meet you for your poll
Great this is about time how about Bill Gates
Bill Gates okay if he Gates you got a Bill Gates this goes your journal like him I mean we can't put him on there
He's got billions and billions and billions 50 years all that money to charity he's admired by a few people
Not too many huh Bill Gates
Let's get some more names on this poll the last hour what's wrong with you people okay all you people are like one
Dimensional I want to keep carrying on about well you know the election was stolen we know that
So what are you going to do about it if John Kerry world over and played dead if the Democratic party world over and played it if you
American media is in the pocket of the right wing board again up jobs and that's the way it is man in Jesus land
Freaking Jesus land there's another spot for both of Brian Jesus land
If you could be any famous person for one month who would you be
289 votes you have no one or nine maybe you have to you have to run there what do you say?
Well wait for someone to call it in the Britney's husband 62 Richard Branson 42 Tom Brady's got
Bought third man Donald Trump 27 Jack Nicholson 7 Jay Z's got seven but that's a pair of these has got four
Is that how she pronounce it?
I don't know yes
Paradise right James got one and you ought to see it and Bill Gates so he just went on her he's got the big old
I just don't know what you're going to do
I just want to see you
So what are you doing?
What if I miss your age now?
Is that age isn't almost?
I can still remember all the things waiting in the down
The boots you're having on top of the muds and the grass
But that is what I'm saying
And till we are not used
You are on top of the muds and you stop the way
A copy of man's choice in here
See if you're fortunate or done
You started writing movies
Section 4, the name had done
And then the name came to you
You know the name of the place
Tell us about that
Till I was done
You stopped the way
You hurt
You're the Roger Sway
It's a way to walk in the dark
I want to see the faster
The way it locks the door
You're the Roger Sway
Is it half time?
I can't find no things
I can't find no things
Till I was done
You stopped the way
Okay, Paris Holtman somebody says
Why would you want it or a lottery?
Paris Holtman, I want to look for it
Youth and money I would assume
There must be a lot of Beyonce's got youth and money
Nobody has got Paris's money except for major parents
How about Theresa Hines?
Carry
If they wouldn't have run out of pills they would have thrown the S in the campaign
She is definitely on some
During the concessions between the women at stage
She was dragging her around like a rag doll
She looked all apart too
Did you notice that?
She was like, in court already even more so than usual
What is that bitch on?
Maybe she was shared with all the mergers she had gotten in
But we'll never know now
Yesterday we had to stir about a school strafing in little egg harbor New Jersey
Remember that one Josh were you paying attention?
I was
Why you like that?
I know Miguel wasn't because he was pounding because I kept reading all those news stories
We were too newsy yesterday
That was for you Miguel
That will teach you to be putting any of these NASCAR driver Dale Jerrett promo is on my show
Promo rhymes with Homo
Kind of makes me want to play that Gordon whatever is in the Jeff Gordon bit
Residents angry that an international guard F-16 spate in intermediate school last week
in little egg harbor New Jersey
Casting into the military last night demanding its cease-life
Our operations at a nearby target range well oops oops
The military's investigating last Wednesday's incident in which a Jeff fight around a nighttime training exercise over Southern New Jersey
Thired 25 rounds from a 20 millimeter Ken and some of us struck the little egg harbor intermediate school
A custodian was the only person that had part to build and they would sit about 11 p.m. No one was hurt
It was an accident but no one got hurt
You know, kind of like a negathod remember that?
Okay, we're talking to Tom Hagen
Couldn't take that letter because if he didn't a court of law could prove they knew where Michael was
Anyway, major general David Wurley, commanding general of the DC National Guard said no disciplinary actions but take it against the pilot
Who's fitness to fly still being evaluated
And a community meeting called to discuss the incident residents and towns of officials sharply criticized the military
Demand assurances it wouldn't happen again
The fact that it hit a school is terrifying said Becky Myers who held her eight-month-old daughter where she spoke
Little egg harbor intermediate is not out in the middle of nowhere could have hit across the street and gone through somebody's living room while her cue was sleeping
It's very very scary added Kevin O'Rourke who sent a tensed to school the kids showed up in class today and saw holes in the ceiling
And you're like that it seems to me this is the American effing way
The military is temporarily halted operations that they were in growth range where the pilot was supposed to be aimed at a stationary target
Aiming at a stationary target on the ground about three and a half miles from the school
All bad aim oops another one of those oops deals you know we have a lot of those oops there it is
Which we had that song to play you know oops it's about to somewhere it's around there somewhere oops there it is
Take a few calls that we got a great story about Viacom which will be very pleased about you to read that story on our website from my FMQB
Nope didn't nope they're fighting it baby you know the Janet Jackson world that little function is fine on
They're fighting it all the way to the supreme's baby they're not going to take it laying down anymore okay
They're not just going to lay down the floor and spread their spread eagle like that they're going to fight back
Their man is held and they're not going to take it anymore
5670560 pound 562 they've revised them sing it or wireless lines
W.A.M. Hello
Yeah you know who I'd like to be today
Yeah
Yeah
That bitch Joyce I take her down the overtime and loosen her up a little bit
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Oh brother I'm sorry I'm in these last two days
George is going to be doing the rest of this week
No no W.A.M. Hello
And now
Yes sir
I'm in this home
Tiger Woods
Tiger Woods okay
You could be the next Tiger Woods even though he's faltering at this moment he's got that hot white wife
And he's got millions and millions and millions and millions and even when he doesn't win the golf tournament
That's all they write about him and then a guy that does win he gets nothing you know
Which I really quite frankly don't care about golf or anybody but anybody connected with golf the whole thing to me is just so if I never hurt
And if it just these two exist it would make me very happy to improve my whole existence when you fail to say
Golf
All of Josh is pretty big on golf I'm sure
He'd like to see VJ sing
W.A.M. Hello
Nail
Yes sir
Listen for your poll I'd like to be John Kerry because I would have ribbed Bush a big one
Now it's too late now baby too late
He'd like to be John Kerry for a month
Wrong month we can't go back where we're talking about now in the future okay Schmuck
See how one dimensional layer
Let's talk about the election again what do you say let's go on
That's a scream about that for the next several months
Not
If you want to do that go out and then you go to the tour little came future guts out I wouldn't blame you
But just leave us alone we're trying to have we're trying to like we're fun in it before we try to do right
First after the way the screw in a show off that this was a disaster today. This was not I'm not a happy camper
First of all not not just because they shut off the audio on my end but because of the fact I had no idea what was going on
I'm sitting here desperately trying pleading please please cracker please you know like 1125 would have been great and we'd have had like you know we had a
Had a chance to salvage a show here today but they made sure that didn't happen
Dominic you a.m. Hello
Yes sir
Hey, that's Mr. R. Do you say you like the new ringer and purchase?
WQ a.m. Hello
I'm here. What's that?
That's it?
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey, do I do it?
All right
Is this real?
Sounds like me. Yes. That's Mr. R. Yes
How are you?
Okay
Maybe you can help me or maybe George can help me. There's a dolphin song you pray. You just someone I can buy it or
I'll hold it in your mouth. No. No. WQ a.m. Hello
Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Yeah the one step era is over boys and girls in case you've been sleeping in or something or hiding under a rock because the
Elphins are one and eight and they blew another game there. They're right there at home against the team that it was 17 straight on the road
A little girls team
So they want that allegedly resigned. They got the whole story all cooked up there and there was Eddie Jones this morning
We cared to press conference for a pond was half an hour and blah blah blah blah blah. Mr. H. So this and Mr. H. So that you didn't want him to leave Mr. H.
Yeah, just like the brainstem retired right? They believe that or no
No
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, new? Yes sir
I want to be a shack
Yeah, there you go. He's got the big bucks. He cannot bang whoever he wants right? You have to think what?
The big bucks. I said big nuts. I said big bucks. All our gildy would probably know. He's real tight with.
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, you
Yes, sir. Yes, you live in Canada correct? No, I do not. I do the show sometimes I can't live here.
Oh, that's what I was going to say. Who are you saving about the presidency if you live in Canada?
Yeah, that's your ass. Okay, in fact, you just only wish you could be here. Okay, Schmuck. Who am I to say? I guess what? Here we can say whatever the hell we want. How do you like that?
We actually have freedom of speech. Some will grumpy old fart. Give me a son and answer what I can say what I can. Okay.
I'm going to turn your ass into old Bill Rincquist just before we croaks.
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? See that last diesel with cemetery village, especially the first part of it. Yes, sir?
Did you hear what I heard? Said about general radio yesterday. No, I did not. He was on you.
Boy Rogers. He said that your jealous of this career. Somebody called up and said you spent the first 50 minutes of the show talking about him every day.
Yeah, no, I don't. I don't know why. Why didn't George Road for Kerry? I think that would have been deciding what?
Yeah, right. Okay. I'm going to do some more good stuff. Okay. Do some more good stuff.
Howard has never mentioned me on a show ever. Nobody Q a.m. Hello.
Q a.m. Yeah, I'll see you. Howard.
Howard. How are you? How did it? Mr. That's Mr. H to you. What can I do for you, sir? Speak to me.
Okay. Hey, you know, for your three little poll there, I want to be anybody who's doing Angelina Joey.
Thanks for the memories. WQ a.m. Hello. I'm Neil. I have one for the poll. Okay.
The great reverend Joe. Okay, good WQ a.m. Hello. I'd rather be anybody but that. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, go on.
I'm going to have your poll. My ass.
WQ a.m. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I would love to be Jenner Bush and sit on my.
Okay, great. Come in. It's after one. I told you it's going to be good week. The rest of the week for you.
George, I hope you have a wonderful time. Okay. You can take off Mondays. I'm taking off Wednesdays.
There's a starting this week. Huh? Go get hasty.
12 minutes after one at five 60 WQ a.m. when you shop for quality footwear, great selection, professional service.
There's only one place you ought to be thinking about going through with a smart people shop. Brandy shoes in Pompino Beach.
That's right. Your fine top quality names like rock ports, floor shine, S.A.S. Spirit, Tiverlin Naturalizer, all the top names you know and love.
Unbeatable prices and the people work at Brandy's. Know your feet inside and out. They'll make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
Brandy shoes open every day Monday through Saturday from nine to nine. Some days tend to five.
This is where the smart people shop for their feet. You'll find them at 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pompino Beach.
It's always worth the trip, no matter where you are. Right now is a great time to buy naturalizers this week at Brandy's.
All great women's styles, 20% off the already unbeatable low prices. So come into Brandy's this week for sure or visit them on the web at BrandySews.com.
You want to see the Mineral Roger.
And a military dinner on five 60 cents a.m.
You A.M.
What's that? It's a dog.
Britney's his crazy wants to be a mommy. Have a baby with that dancing salon.
She'll be ready when she's 23. She'll be the hottest mom at Kimberly.
We'll see let her kid tears their lip and belly. She'll throw a mop like Ozzy did with Kelly.
There goes the happy family better line. To the liquor store for a bag of wine.
Lacey has been in his sideways janky hats. Well, Britney lays on her hot pink one, moss mass.
She's always the me shouldn't copy plays. I hope someone convinces them to wait.
Till they're thirty he's to carry. To become a hog.
It's not fair to the kid in the high share with your mom.
So man. Oh, oh.
One 18 at five 60 W Q a and we got the man dog at two.
We got a Humper at four. The big at seven.
Any kids 10 a pristine schedule today clean slate. So to speak.
The notice in that middle of that pit. How kind of like change pitch.
Yeah, you know what that did you do that? No, that's just the way it is.
Oh, just the way it be. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon and
senior to wireless live getting some sensational calls here today.
That's the meat and potatoes to bread and butter of our lives.
W Q a and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I got one for your poll.
Okay. You know, I'm bono for you too. Bono.
Rich. Yeah, he's rich and overrated.
He'd like to be bono because he's rich and overrated. I'll rent it.
I think based on the way he sounded. He was overrated.
If you could be any living person for one month, who would it be?
I should pick somebody who was rich and overrated.
You have no 133 who is one hands down your pants, even always 98 and can't even get near it.
30s has been 72. Wish your grandson 51 Tom Brady 40, Donald Trump 33, JZ 13.
Bill Gates has got a dozen. Jack Nicholson's got a dozen.
Vanessa Perredice has got six. Sting four. Paris Hilton three. Tiger Woods two and Shack.
So far has got the big. All right. Big zero. Big O. What were you going to say?
What? What was I going to say? What? I thought you were going to say something else.
I make you pregnant. Nothing. What was I going to say? What? I can't say it.
I can't say what I thought you were going to say.
Josh, what is he talking about?
I don't know if that's the right thing. Is there something you're making guy stand in the studio with a bag with a black bag?
I just left. Oh, figures. WQA and hello. Hello, Uncle Mia.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was just calling because I one caller was said how it was talking about you for about 10 minutes.
Yes, that was correct. Yeah, I'm what he said.
He was just saying some callers. Call it up and saying there's a guy down here in South Mark, South Florida market that keeps saying you number five in the books.
Yeah, you're doing do anything and he kept going. I don't care what Roy Rogers says.
I don't care what Roy Rogers says and the guys like it's Neil.
And that was just pretty much it. He was just, you know, talking about it for about five to ten minutes.
Sammy, there was probably this smoke that just called before trying to stir up a pile of crap even though of course I never said any of those things in the first place.
He was just saying that he goes, everyone steals my stick and everyone copies me and you know he jealous the career I have.
The same stuff he always ran some raids about.
All right. Good talking to Uncle Mia.
This is a good news. Okay, thanks. So there you go. They actually did mention my name on the screen.
So let's go keep my name alive. Okay. Believe me. When you work for this crowd, you got to keep your name alive somewhere.
Keep your tentacles and testicles out there. Somebody QA him. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Not one for the poll. Even though he's married to that bitch.
She could still say bitch. Can't you? It's not a problem.
I was at the point. We had to tell about 230. We still say big.
Even though you get to bang that bitch. Jennifer Aniston. How about Brad Pitt?
Brad Pitt. Okay. You got him on. Take me.
Kind of old meat though at this point. Brad Pitt. Olden stale. I would think. Olden moldy.
Huh?
What? I see this business about I want to be somebody so I can bang whoever they're banged like.
Yeah, Britney's husband, which is why we didn't even put his name on her because nobody knows who that torque is that mug lump.
Kevin Federer.
Who now knows who that is? If we put that name on here, how many people do you think knew who that was?
I mean, she don't know what the hell is name is. He was a dancer.
Yeah, I know that's part of the problem.
He was a dancer just like maybe she's got that in common with JLo. She keeps running off with them dancers.
You know them dancing types. Maybe that's she's trying to tell something.
WQAM. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about the older Simpson that Michael Jackson?
WQAM. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
I want to be Tyson back for that black model.
Tyson backboard?
Yeah.
Okay, I have no idea who it is, but he wants to be some black model.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, what?
What?
Count five?
I think it's funny because it's true.
What? It's true?
Yeah.
A bag?
Oh, you know what?
Yeah, back on and I don't want to say it's true anymore, but I just happen to be channel surfing the other day on the I'm going to horny.
Malcolm's back on there. What's his name again?
Oh, Shamar Mour.
Shamar Mour.
The Shamar Mour, I seem the more I want him.
I wouldn't mind being Shamar Mour.
You can put him on there if you want.
He's not too dark and not too light.
He's just almost black and mostly white.
Is what he is.
Shamar Mour.
He's a pretty guy.
He was a model.
Well, yeah.
Anyway, I'll take your whilst was a model on it.
Show two is Josh Moro, who plays whatever I don't want to say to you anymore.
What's his name?
The Victor's son?
Oh, one old and the beautiful?
No.
Oh, the young and the horny.
Not the whole nothing.
What about the older me, a grotesque, the young and the horny?
Whatever I'll say.
Whatever his name is.
Victor's son.
Whatever his deal is.
He's so close to the model.
That was when Dan Stewart was in there and told us about that day.
Oh, we're fine.
A lot of grotesque stuff that you've never been on here in the first place.
You're an idiot, Dan.
You're a moron, okay?
In my way, the paperboy says he ain't interested in neither his Adam.
Yeah.
Neither one wants to touch the best party if they could find it.
Dan.
Firecromb says Super Bowl, on Constitutional.
How do you like that?
They insist that it was unconstitutional.
I'm going to get it right now.
I can do it right now.
You know what?
Good.
Now that we did such a fine job of getting everything backed up in here, that was great.
Because we were like, how the hell did I do that?
Magic.
They must have been behind you.
They can't jump in any million spots and have most of the show just gutted out here today.
We're just like going through it a martian case you haven't noticed here today because they've stolen the whole damn show away today.
But you just keep going to call up Howard and make it up crap and I said this nice and day.
Isn't going to work.
Okay.
I'm serious what I'd say to that.
In a 94-page document filed with the FCC last Friday, a viacom said the commission's notice of apparent liability that spelled out the $550,000 fine for Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunctioned during the 2004 Super Bowl halftime show was inconsistent with the commission's indecency standards and cannot be reconciled with the Communications Act and FCC forfeiture policy.
The document also states that the NAL violates the First Amendment and places it about the Constitutionality of the entire FCC and Decency Enforcement Regime.
Essentially, a viacom has drawn a line in the sand and tends to fight the FCC fine to the bitter end.
How do you like that?
Oh right.
There are heroes.
Throughout the filing, viacom attacks the Constitutionality of the FCC's ability to enforce the fine.
The Broadcast giant also asserts that the combined impact of these constitutional defects to impose a broad, chilling effect on broadcasters.
And the absence of clear guidelines informatively chill speech and gives the government far too much discretion to curb this favored expression.
Absolutely correct.
Viacom attacks the FCC's lack of indecency guidelines and how it defines community standards saying the Broadcast and Decency ruling continuing constitutionally rules continue.
I can't even figure this out.
The Broadcast and Decency rules continuing constitutionalities weaken further by the FCC's faded, displaying how it determines the contemporary community standards for the Broadcast medium.
The agency must do more than assert that it knows the national minds who relies any legitimate method for considering evidence of community standards.
They just don't get it. They don't understand. They just take a bunch of letters from Monwako and whatever town it is.
The Commission gives no indication that Everest considered any data on the issue and has only said it will not credit the popularity of a program or consider survey results and measuring public tastes.
It's avoidance of this issue flies in the face of reasons of being court decisions that affirm the importance and complexity of accurately determining the appropriate community standards.
As for the incident itself, Viacom points out that it was only 9-16th of a second that Janet Jackson's breast was on screen during live halftime show and contends that the FCC made no attempt to explain how a split-second exposure could simultaneously be briefed and repeated at length.
Nothing in the record supports the conclusion that Viacom panned the halftime show as if we were indecent.
It is insufficient for the FCC to claim that the performance was designed as shock and tidal aid because Viacom was aware of the overall sexual nature of the Jackson-Temper-Late segment when the network scripted in a plan to program there was well within broadcast standards.
Viacom says the test for indecency was not met since the brief flash of partial nudity that closed the halftime show was neither explicit nor graphic, did not dwell on a repeated line sexual organs or activities that was not used through tidal aid or shock.
And must they keep using that word again? Right. Good shock. The filing makes the defense for the halftime show seeing that nothing about the performance as planned and scripted comes close to anything the FCC has ever sanctioned as indecent.
The song rock your body has been broadcast hundreds of thousands of times on radio and TV and in videos that featured on live TV at least twice and performed live countless times none of which involved any hint of nudity or any other potentially indecent behavior.
Speculating on fallout of the fine word to stand the document says the NAL will lead to the end of live broadcasting as we know it by placing broadcasters on notice that they risk massive liability and perhaps lessens revocation if they fail to adopt technical measures toward the possibility of a spontaneous transgression.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I do know. I don't know. I got the
The earth covered up the ground, the cloud covered up the ground, the cloud covered up the ground.
Yeah, we both don't miss my moment of passion.
The earth comes through with the wind.
The earth is in the air, the sun is in the air, the sun is in the air, the sun is in the air.
Let us in, let us in, be like a heavy man.
And those time and the worst winds, you're the blue.
And caught their snobble, finally, it's with God of the earth.
The truth is, kill the rice, the food.
The truth is, kill the rice, you should support the fire, fire.
The earth covered up the ground, the cloud covered up the ground.
The earth covered up the ground, the cloud covered up the ground.
The truth is, kill the rice, you should support the fire.
The paper is just like camping, so it's a good school lot.
And like it in more all the time, it's 134, 26 still to a QA.
And we got the man, dog or two, who I'm sure will have breathless comments about the firing of Dave.
I mean, the resignation Dave wants that.
Can I say firing?
Oops, I better not say that.
Mr. Age probably wouldn't approve of that.
And who gives an H?
WNQAM, hello.
QAM.
Not there.
WNQAM, hello.
Yeah, I'd like to be jab for a month, I could rig my own leg if it's...
Okay, great.
5670560, pound 56, and they've arisen in singular wireless lines.
You like to be a human for a month?
I don't think he has the capacity pal.
He'd like to be human for one month.
A member of the homo sapiens.
He's already got part of that down.
WNQAM, hello.
QAM?
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing okay.
Great, great, great.
On your pole there, do you have...
Do you have Wayne Heisengev on there?
Whoever wants to be Wayne Heisengev for the day?
Who are with anybody who want to be Wayne Heisengev?
Well, with all his money and you know, with all his jabs and with all this.
Do you want to be Wayne Heisengev?
I don't.
In a way, I wouldn't mind being in for a day just for a month.
Not for a day, for a month.
For a month, final, hello.
Okay, I'm glad I talked about it.
That was easy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, is this a difficult question?
Let me read it again.
If you could be any famous living person for one month, who would you be?
Very simple question.
I mean, one day, what would that be?
You know?
He wants to do something for football.
That's for that guy.
No, that has nothing to do with it.
He wants to do something for football.
He wants to do something.
He wants to do something.
He wants to be a big shot, man.
He wants Eddie Jones to come on here and talk about him as Mr. H.
There you go.
Right.
Whatever his name is.
Mr. Schmidt, Mr. Whatever his name is.
I bet you're in T. Eddie, you'll even put on some more new chuckered pants to honor this guy.
I think it could be Wayne for a day.
Or maybe this would like to be queen for a day.
W and Q.A.M. Hello.
Or do it seems to be another smarty.
W and Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil, hello.
I'm just a victory.
Okay.
Congratulations on your belated birthday.
I just couldn't get through for the last couple of days.
Oh, yeah.
That's been really tough.
Let along with the three hours of bedtime stories yesterday.
But I appreciate and value your show, man.
You know, you're my source of news and I count on it being true and uncensored unlike the Nazi media, you know.
But in any event, just answer a little frustrated.
You know, I could always be worse.
You could be working for Clear Channel.
You know, just cheer up.
Sounds like you're dying over there.
And I love your show.
What does that mean?
I don't understand what you just got to your scene.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
You know, I just sensed this frustration in you, you know.
Well, there's tremendous frustration working for this company because they treat people like crap like garbage.
And they play fast and loose with this show of all shows.
They play fast and loose.
I mean, we're basically on whatever they feel like it.
That's the way the show works.
You know, unfortunately, you can't cut off my Howard, man.
But I love your show and I love the format and you could always be worse.
You're in Canada, so I'm a great actor.
Now you're talking.
Now you're making sense.
Thank you, Sally.
Thanks for the interview.
Oh.
Yeah. Good luck to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7.
I can be working for Clear Channel.
At least I'd be syndicated.
You know, I'd be working for another bunch of great robbers.
That's the reason just like that thing from Viacom said that I read only minutes ago.
That's why commercial radio's on the way out.
It's just about that it's a doormat.
You know, I'm serious.
Because, seriously, I say that's...
And then of course, what's going to happen?
And I don't know why people aren't realizing this already.
The FCC, the bunch of Nazis that they are, especially with this new so-called mandate that the moral values crowd has got.
They're not going to let that just go.
They're not going to ignore that.
They'll eventually, it might take a while, but I doubt it.
They'll, especially with all cooperation ahead from the weakly people in Congress and both parties.
They'll start regulating whatever is on a series of them.
Anywhere.
If it comes in on your pop-up toaster, they'll start regulating that too.
Because the way the government and the FCC work is they make it up as they go along.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
I mean, the Viacom logic is that's the problem.
It's logical.
You can't make up community standards based on the ravings of one or two lunatics.
Quantic people are keeping them rescinded, complaints year after year, they're saying nice.
A hobby with them.
How can you have a community, an area of five million people and one or two people are going to determine community standards?
There is no such thing as community standards.
That's not rocket science.
That's just a fact.
But don't confuse them with the facts because that misses up all their plans.
You know, just like Tessio said.
This is up all my plans.
I look what they did to him.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
All right.
Listen, I'd like to be John Holmes for a month.
Okay, dad, huh?
I don't think so.
He'd like to be dead for a month.
Be quite.
Look, or maybe just like to be like Gary Gilmoury, like to be hung.
W.A.M. Hello.
I'm going to be a happy birthday, sir.
Thanks.
Today's November 9th, by the way.
I appreciate it.
But the birthday is the ancient history of happy life.
No, but I didn't get any of this hard to get through to you.
Anyway, you know, election morning, you were talking and you said something that is stuck in my mind.
Profoundly, you told everyone you said it's too voted for George Bush in 2000.
You know, you know, this is your chance to redeem yourself.
Yeah.
If you vote for him again, you should have blood on your hands for the rest of your life.
Well, they don't have any sugar.
They do have blood in my hands.
They're good.
They're good.
They're good.
I got a lot of blood that's being spilled right over there now for no reason at all.
Just because we decided to go in here and thought it was going to be a piece of cake for George's ego.
And you know, that really stuck with me.
And I thought that these people, if that doesn't get you,
they can take you close for carry.
I don't know what could, and I can't believe these idiots have the,
they were in the same situation again.
Yeah.
Can you believe Bill come off in up to four pairs to try to get into a little boy love of me?
Can he?
Turn that radio up a little louder, pal.
Turn up a little louder.
About that up?
Down.
All right, put it on.
20-2, isn't that amazing?
That's all we really care about is Mr. Loney.
And the best part is he was still on.
He even realized it.
He just, you know, he thought that was going to be cooked and that one didn't just keep going on.
That's all I really care about.
And this guy's going to be a big son of an aunt's about George.
You don't give a flying crap about George's voice.
You're just another jackass as all you are a man.
That's America for you.
Like that.
You belong in a red station.
Guess what you're in one.
Oh.
How do you like that?
Be afraid.
Yeah.
Be very afraid.
Well said, sweetheart.
20-2 at 5, 60 WQM.
And now is the time to save like never before at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead.
They must clear out all remaining old forth to make room for the 2005.
You'll save like never before and all remaining old forth and stock ready for immediate or not sooner to liberate.
And all the old fives are in and ready to roll out.
Plus for a limited time, you get 0% financing on any of the following explorers, escapes, focuses, toruses, and mustangs.
Certain restrictions apply.
The lots of Armstrong, Florida, Homestead are jandered with moral fives arriving every day.
They're cutting prices right now to save you a ton of cash.
Armstrong, Florida offers you more value too because when you buy your forth from these folks from Armstrong, Florida, you get their unbeatable, exclusive, tires and batteries for life program, which is almost unheard of.
So if you've been looking for a new car, but been kind of stalling and putting it off, don't wait another day.
Maybe Rich and the staff at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget.
Because Armstrong, Florida, Homestead is locally owned and operated.
They want your business for life so they'll really treat you just like family.
You won't get a better deal on the Ford A, we're in South Florida.
No bait and switch, no foamy deals.
Armstrong, Florida, Homestead, the R30725, South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the wicked web at ArmstrongCars.com and then grab a little and save thousands of that new Ford only at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead.
You are a single legal legal fraudster.
It's collusionary, unbiased, and you are a damn.
Thank you.
There's the new National Anthem of Jesus land.
Oh, I kind of would have dreamed of it.
46, 5, 68, WQA and anyway, Howard Dean, remember him?
Conor is good to become DNC chairman.
Former presidential candidate Howard Dean, who should have been the candidate, and would have won by a landslide, is considering a bid to become chairman of the National Democratic Party.
He told me he was thinking about it. Steve Grossman himself, a former chairman of the DNC, said yesterday.
Grossman was a dean backer during the former Obama governor's failed presidential bid.
Florida grossed his spokeswoman, said it was far too early to be speculating on that.
The election was less than a week ago, but Grossman said it's not too soon for Democrats to focus on their future leadership.
I strongly urged Dean to seek the position he said, how it is devolous and political empowerment.
And I mean that's important for Democrats to get their sea legs back as quickly as possible to get back beyond this impromptu last week and believe there's a bright future ahead for the Democratic Party.
Do you believe that?
Well, whatever.
You want something to believe it. Believe. You got to believe.
567-0560, by the way, Casey missed it. What was his name was?
Dave Wants that.
See how to side out of mind. Dave Wants that God can't resign.
And Mr. H, except his resignation with the remarks in question, who wants to see an out-hope motel right in that neighborhood necessarily?
Would you?
Right on the street from where you're sitting right now. Not this kid.
Dominic Q.A. and Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, well, maybe he's happy birthday, too.
Been trying to get through stuff.
It's only the pleasure of listening to you every day.
I'd like to ask you a round, man.
Just wanted to make a comment.
The best thing about the whole election.
The best things in life are free, man.
Yeah.
The best thing was that you resurrected that Chicago soon died, Rob.
Yeah.
It says it all, man.
It sure had a tremendous impact, didn't it?
It's only.
It's only.
Yeah.
But not the same crowd, man, is back in the day.
That was a different group of people.
There's a lot of public.
But there brings you all fried now.
See those people.
They're all wrapped out.
Yeah.
Just one last thing.
Yeah, I heard that field that the guy that called Howard the other day morning.
But one good thing.
He did say your name about it, at least a half a dozen times.
He said, you're Roger.
That's not all that bad.
Howard did?
Howard did, yes.
Well, I said, keep saying that Howard.
Now, Howard knows who I am.
In fact, Howard's actually.
He's got to know who you are.
You know?
I mean, come on.
He's in this.
See, obviously, the purpose of the call is like to drive away
and stir up a bunch of crap, which isn't going to work.
Because Howard actually behind the scenes likes me.
I don't know if he likes my show or not.
And I really care about that.
But he's here.
He's fine.
Right.
He was respectful.
And now I'm in overall.
But then I'm doing my way of raising this.
So I'm very serious when I say that, OK?
I know.
Take care of me.
I want you, buddy.
And back to you.
It's in this deal here at QAM.
I mean, it's the way I look at it now.
It's to sum it up very concisely.
It's two years or less.
I mean, that's why I got to look with this crowd.
Two years or less.
You follow what I'm saying?
Oh, I'm sorry.
But that's what's in the email.
What did you say?
No.
I said, that's my future with Greg Reed and QAM
and visibly broadcasting is two years or less.
Which everyone comes first.
Because it's just, you know, you've seen in fact that day
that I took the poll that upset our leader so badly
that he was supposed to be.
And by the way, thank you, Greg, for being a temperamental
overgrown child.
Thank you very much.
Because that would have been the worst mistake of my,
oh, my goodness.
Can you imagine if I would have done that deal?
Oh, my God.
Standing for two more years of this crack.
See, I told you commercial videos on the verge of death anyway.
I'm the one I told you there a long time ago.
And now, of course, it's pretty much come true.
Now that we have the Nazi government in for another four years
and the FCC's going to have a bunch of new members that are going to make the last one look liberal by comparison.
And they're just saying, oh, hope.
But we're doing the best we can, expecting it paid on payday,
which is somehow, that's maybe why I sound a little bit on the edge today.
You know, plus the fact that we've apprehended, like on both sides today,
all over the place, that's all right.
That's the Howard Park.
I have no problem with that anymore.
That's what I think we, in fact, things have been going swimmingly well
since we decided to start like officially at 11.
And you notice the difference?
There's a big difference.
We just kind of like take a few, we make, we book a few appointments for calls before 11,
depending on when Howard bailes out that day.
And at 11 o'clock, we started everything official with a poll results in the beating curtain.
And whatever else we're going to do, you know.
And all the good stuff and the bad stuff and then between stuff.
And then we book a few, you know, regular, you notice the regular idiots don't call before 11.
I want to make sure the whole audience hears them.
The crime is the whisperer and all of them.
That's right.
Actually, they are pretty clever.
They don't want to be talking to like a, you know, a fan to the audience out there.
Speaking of fan, I know we get a lot of hockey fans.
No, no, no, no.
It's a crime.
Former NHL tough guy, Mike Denton was sentenced yesterday to 7.5 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.
Oh, they heard.
Oh, but actually this is an old story.
I'm happy about a deal or something.
Yeah.
No, it wasn't that.
There's a whole lot of stuff that goes beyond this, but I don't want to get into it because it has to do with it.
Dan 24 said, huh?
How's it do with what?
Stuff, personal stuff over that.
I mean, I didn't say that.
You know, stuff.
Then, Dan 24 said nothing is US military judge William Steele imposed a sentence on the former St. Louis Blu's pleret and he's St. Louis Illinois.
I don't believe it over 18 years on the bench.
I've been faced with the cases bizarre as this one, Steele said.
Noting that Dan chose an 19 year old acquaintance and a police dispatcher is this would be helpers in the murder plot.
Dan is expected to see transferred to a prison as native Canada, eh?
As for his hockey career, there's no parole in the federal system.
The judge noted that may not be allowed to return to the US after completing his sentence.
Plus, there's no games being played anyway that count of any consequence, you know?
Because the NHL is in this death mode thanks to that idiot very abetment.
There is a nerve of the century is very bevelant.
There's no exactly which.
No, exactly.
There's no waters on there on least TV.
You want here little least TV?
Sure.
You think you've got problems?
How do you like to build 24 hours on a station devoted to a team that isn't playing any games?
And anyway, the authorities said that and then frosted argued over Dan's alleged promiscuity and alcohol use.
And Dan and feared frost would tell the St. Louis bluestron office about his behavior.
A federal jury on the September 20th acquitted Katie Wolfmire in 19, a four-in-cent Missouri of charges she helped that in the plot.
So now they're all plots in over there.
Seven and a half years in the sime are for Mike Dan.
And for what, I'm here and he might have a pretty good time.
The clouds are showing me a rocket's morning in the day and so is a one-up song from violence and violence.
So we are.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
What are you doing?
You're looking good.
Me?
Yes, I am.
Thank you very much.
I feel good.
You got my tiny, honey?
I'm back at it, lad.
Oh, you look good.
I'm pretty.
Hot them all sweet.
I'm a sexy, big, so pretty.
Ow.
Our little rings are clean.
But I'm just as obscene.
All back up the trail.
And hot and frappin' down.
Wish you were late.
Yeah.
Have my shirt, you're ready.
And like you, my shell will ring.
Then they're almost dead.
Cause all the food I ate was fried.
But quick will these back.
My veins freeze from black.
Just for me, that's all I have.
I'm the heart of fact, taking what my door.
I try and the scar.
I'm driving my prey at you.
If not, I'll go scar and I'll bet you.
Wish you were late.
And who could blame you?
158-560, W.D.C.
And why don't we put that on there, Bill Clinton, on the poll?
All right.
And what about Britney Spears?
We didn't have any women get through.
Of course, we only have about four or five listening.
Blue States buzz over a secession.
I don't think I have time for this, but it's so great.
So secession which didn't work very well when it was tried once before,
suddenly red hot in the blue States.
It's certain, in certain precincts anyway, it says.
This is in the Washington Times.
One popular map circulating on the internet shows the 19 blue States,
one by Senator John Kerry, Washington, Oregon, California,
big apartment that I, I'm turned to page when he just relax.
The idea isn't just a joke, one top Democrat says the segment of the country
that pays for the federal government is not being governed by the people
who don't pay for the federal government.
Some would say, oh poor Alabama.
It's cut off from the wealth infusion that it gets from the American California
said, Lawrence or Donald had a Republican cider,
and now senior political enlist at MSNBC.
But the more this political condition goes on at the presidential level
of the red and blue States, the more you're testing the indicate inclination
of the blue States to say, so what?
Screw Alabama with a banjo on the knee, right?
Red.
Mr. O'Donnell raised the subject of secession on the McLaughlin group during the weekend.
Bye-bye.
90% of the red States are welfare client states
of the federal government, Mr. O'Donnell said, who was an eight-centred
annual project Moynihan.
He said the red States that went to Mr. Bush collect more from the federal government
than they send in.
New York, California, Connecticut, the states that are blue and all the states that are
praying for the bulk of everything this government does, from social security
to everything else, and the people in those states don't like what this government
is doing.
I think it's a great idea, baby.
The secession movement already has spawned commercial opportunities in one
website of selling t-shirts that read, I succeeded.
How do you like that?
If you can't succeed, succeed, huh?
All right.
Not bad.
Anyway, you have to 162 want to be Hugh, British husband, 87, Richard Branson, 63, Tom Brady, 46.
Nobody wants to be Dave Wandska.
Bye-bye-bye!
I'm going to stop you!
You rockers, man!
You're so dumb!
Rockers, you're so dumb!
You're so dumb!
You're so dumb!
I'm going to be a court-barrier!
And that day is when the judge came at me.
Ha!
