Who was the threat to national security? Who was the good that they'd spend a lot of money? Who were we trying to stop from terrorizing?
Hey, the okay though!
Who was the tragic voice you got to put up on? He's trying hard just to stop them. He's just fighting, the compromising trying to prevent or obtain an unarriving. The devil's not fun, he wants to stop them, and he's not picking up again and around the election.
Who did we ignore before 9-11? What we focused on is the dumb and now we're getting even. Who is we quitting? What's in doubt more than ever? Hey, the okay though!
Oh!
Look at that President Bush supports the Patriot Act in Buffalo of all places, man. He don't realize that the Patriot's playing in England. What is wrong with that man? We don't have time to answer that question, do we?
No. No, we only got four hours. Anyway, happy Tuesday to him. We got, let's see, the poll results from yesterday is shocking.
Yeah, if I can, I can't get off the thing here. The most important person of the 20th century is, we're going to milk this for three days, I love it. He entertains today, Atholites tomorrow, and then we got that thing from what magazine was it? What the songs? Oh, which one we'll call it? Maxim Blender. Maxim Blender. What is that? Is that something you like make smoothies in? Maxim Blender? There you go. What is that? Big Blender. No, it's just, I don't know what that is.
It's a maximum spin-off magazine. They weren't selling enough under just Maxim, so they spun it off a little bit. Now they sell too? I see. Kind of like the Chef Royarty thing. Oh, and speaking of that, you see where Coke is going to make Coke, low-carb Coke? No. Yeah. How is that different from Diet Coke? Oh no, this is like with sugar, but with less sugar. Oh, yeah, it's like kind of intermediary. See, this is the mentality of all the big companies that if they put out a hundred different products, maybe not a hundred, but...
They're pretty much the same crap, but different names and a little bit different ingredients. They make a lot more money, and they do. Like Chef Royarty, I keep using that as an example, because I can never be in the beginning of news to be basically Chef Royarty that was spaghetti and meatballs in a can. There was rabbioli, and there was beef oroni, which I do like. You know what I like to do? I haven't them for years. Yeah, I know what you like to do, but I don't want to hear about that. Take beef oroni, put it in a little pot on a stove, and take like Swiss cheese, and cook it in your mouth and all together. Yeah, actually, all the names in there. What? Actually put some of that in there.
And then you put some cheese in it. Well, seriously, that sounds good, except that one is a bit mushy. But anyway, so now there's like about a thousand different Chef Royarty. There's like, you know, with the kids and all different shapes. It's the same crap. So they sell a lot more of it. So there's going to be a Coca Cola low carb, because everything has to be low carb. Or else. I can't wait till Hershey's comes out with a low carb chocolate. Well, they already have low carb chocolate bars, especially the ones that are full of malt and whole and sorbetol. And we don't have those. That's what I'm supposed to play no more. Not the right ones, I mean.
Anyway, the most important person of the 20th century Thomas Edison, 337 would be all sit in the dark if weren't for old time, right? Right. Albert Einstein, we wouldn't be able to hear and play that a big troll. What else did he invent? He invented just thousands of things. Edison, right?
Look at that. 113 votes for. Absolutely.
Moe Howard, David, the most important person of this funny, it's century. Who could argue with that, right? Right.
Eight off Hitler 104, his moe edges out the mustache old one. He's big.
Look at the way final. Farmsworth went flying up the list. He was no from nowhere. He got a lake. It's our band. It's a good thing I added him on there.
That's right. Final, Farmsworth and veteran television 98 and of course of work for him. I couldn't be watching Cole and Powell line through his teeth right now doing his conglizient impersonation.
Bill Gates 92 Henry 487, Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the worldwide web 79, Martin Luther King, Jr. 77, Linstein Churchill 61, who lived a hell of a long time for a big fat guy who boosted up every day.
He spoke to his big fat stovies. Edward Teller 42, you feel like him a lot or else it was Hungarian.
Yeah. You know that? I was always twimming. JFP 35, alien Gonzalez, Polo, alien, eight of got 34 votes because those people, they had somewhere to go.
Vladimir, Lein 22, Fidel Castro, only 22. That's surprising. Gandhi, 22, the Gandhi man, Vintensur, father of the internet, 22.
Watson and Crick, 13. What do they do? Something about DNA? Correct. Richard Nixon, 10, General George Marshall, 6. How can General Patton did make it down here?
Or Eisenhower? We're not only a great warrior, but also Al Prasantin, Tim Berners-Lee, the great bad war out of our show.
George Marshall, 6. Margaret Sanger, 6. Sigmund Freud, 5. Ellen Greenspan, 5. We apologize for the mischievous. I think it's ALA and we don't care.
Bill Wilson got three, founder of Alka Hallerts, anonymous. Bill Wilson, and by the way, you notice the AA people are very militant. The ones we had yesterday vote on the phone and on the facts. Very militant.
Yeah, I've noticed that. Why haven't you put Bill Wilson on there yet? What's wrong with you, man? Somebody called in you.
Uh, probably because you don't belong on there. I mean, I'm glad that he helped you over your booze problem. We all have our own thing. I got my sugar problem. You got your booze problem.
Right. Ever know how Alex will replace one addiction with another sometimes?
I mean, I didn't put Dr. Atkins on there, where's the pieces? I mean, I mean, he's pretty influential, right?
Right. And in fact, he was before anybody else. He'd been talking about low curves back in the early 70s. He was screaming about it. He was yelling at a holler and everybody said,
the quack, quack, quack. He was in the Aftlite spots. Edward R. Murrow, too. How did he come from? I don't even book a briot.
So that was a good choice. He was probably the top journalist of the 20th century. I would say it's from the one of the, where is he today?
Did. Well, his equivalent. Where is his equivalent? Oh, he's going to be retiring this December 1st, Tom Bocca. Oh, yeah.
Johnny Rockefeller, too, where you shockley, too. Now that's not the professor. Is that professor Alvin Shockley?
I am racist from California. Now William Shockley had two Mao Zitong had a pair and Rosalind Franklin, out of 1700, almost 1800 votes, Rosalind Franklin didn't have any.
I don't know. Somebody has suggested or somebody factored it and then they didn't even vote for. That that always bothers me.
You know, why do you people suggest something for our very prestigious and important and psychotic pool and then you don't vote for them? They get a big, big, uh, oh.
Right? Doesn't that cross your little ass a little bit? Cross my faddle the ass a lot.
I got the Bob Woodward book in my hand right now. I mean, I got books that haven't even written yet. I just so much reading to do in so little time.
Plan of attack by Bob Woodward. And I also have on tape. Let's buy a little bit of it.
Where is it? We have made the connection with us on the phone. Is Prince Van Da of Saudi Arabia? That's enough.
What I mean for right now. That's the tea.
That was great. What he called in last night during the show they were begging they were trying to make contact with him.
And the Prince, the Prince of the Popper, the Prince called in.
It was a pretty embarrassing because both both Woodward and even our good friend Larry were kind of laughing at him.
And when they finished the thing Woodward said that was the most unbelievable tap dance I've ever seen all years have been in journalism.
It was just incredible because every the answer to every question was well, yes, but no, but yes, yes.
But no, you know, I would never disagree with Bob Woodward, but in fact, the White House even recommends this book.
It's on if you go to the White House's own website fascist.com.
You'll find this in a recommended reading was plan of attack highly recommended.
And it just don't pay any attention to parts that they don't like like about having Saudi Arabia cut, you know,
grew some production of oil to cut the prices. You've just been for the election.
And I love the part where King asked me if Prince, Prince Van Da are well, would you like to see President Bush get reelected and his response was
which drew some real chuckles as a matter of fact from both Larry who rarely
came to Bob Woodward from Stoneface, Bob Woodward was when he said, oh, we hope every American person gets reelected.
Right. Especially if the last name is Bush and they happen to be in business with us, we hope to take you real after.
Right. Nice going, Prince. Silly person.
So anyway, that was a little bit of that later on.
Few minutes later, a princess conversation with Bob Woodward and would Larry interjecting every now and then.
One of his in-game comments.
Who we got on the beat of curtain today, if you're over the age of 100 and he had permission from everybody you know and some people already
did, we got Miriel Hemingway.
We had Margot. What's your name? Margot Hemingway.
I just said. We had Margot on there last week or whenever it was.
And now we got Miriel Hemingway, who's probably a Mirielito.
What have you told me before about that?
That her dad named her after Maryl Bay, which is where he stayed and fished and they liked it.
So he was everywhere. Yes, he went, he got around.
He was spent a lot of time in Florence, Italy, Ferenza.
But when Castro confiscated his property and his boat and all that stuff, that's what drove him over the edge and that's what did him in.
Are you start when I cast our stuff again?
Just say it. And drove him over the edge?
Yeah.
That's when he, he'd ever recovered from that.
Couldn't go back.
Anyway, Miriel Hemingway was born November 21, 1961, which makes her 42.
Right? To be 43 this November.
I'll take your word for it.
Born in Mill Valley, California, she was a competent actress that says here, which I guess they're trying to be nice.
Yeah.
Grand daughter of Ernest Hemingway and younger sister of actress model Margot Hemingway.
Maryl was almost destined to a life in the public eye.
She debuted with Margot in lipstick in 1976.
Went underway prolific if not commercially successful film career including set films as Woody Allen's Manhattan, personal best, star 80,
playing Dorothy Stratton, creator in the main season.
She'd done the producers how well appearing in the suicide club and increasingly turned a TV in the 1990s,
starring in the series Civil Wars and Central Park West.
Maryl Hemingway is there in the altogether on our beat of prison selection for today.
If you don't like it too bad, that's what we got.
Take it or leave it. The price is right.
Now, this argument would do the break.
Because it's a little bit of a thought up to thingway.
Yesterday about broadcasters fighting back against the profanity rowing to which I say,
interlates and never-mands, about time some of these people weird their back up.
What's that spot that we always have on, you know, most shoulders weird up in your, what is that thing?
Both hands that we have in your shoulders weird up.
What is that?
Man, she hardly died here for whatever that.
And your rear shouldered up.
Right. And that's what it's about time some of the people in this business developed even just a small pair and said,
yes, what FCC, we're going to challenge you all the way to the Supreme Court,
which is what this really is all about now.
Because you're just way over the line, man.
We're talking about dictatorship. We're talking about fascism.
We're talking about just rampant censorship by a group of people who are just making it up as they go along the ever-expanding list of you can't say this.
And you can't do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if they knew how to spell it. This would be nice.
I can't play that anymore. Well, how do you spell it?
I don't know, but you just can't, you know, how do you put that on the list?
Sounds like a bodily function.
Yeah, when guilty, those of you, oh, I think you got a point there.
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQAM, when a man is considering a hair replacement as greatest concern is he don't want to look like Moe.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
The big thing he wants it to look natural, not like a dead animal.
You can always spot a bad piece, man, like Aaron Brown on CNN, like Sam Donaldson on ABC.
Those guys look like silly geese.
How many good ones, Zoga, although I know this because they look so great, nobody knows that ain't the real thing.
Charles L. Here, he's designed and supplied hair systems to show his people for more than 35 years.
He's been a guest on Good Morning America that's a day show, and even a CBS Morning News,
introducing his patent-adher system that offers you guys the most amazing natural hairline system ever invented by a man or anybody else.
And the most critical area of any hair system is that hairline.
And Charles' new skin-like hair system is 100% undetectable, and he gives you this 30-day guarantee.
About 30, man.
Try Charlie System for 30 days.
About 30, man.
After a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed of, then who have you in a good week?
Return it for a full refund, no questions asked.
What's not to lose beside that big shiny bald spot?
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay, call Charlie today and change your life forever.
Look better and younger than you ever dreamed of could again, call tool free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413, or log into their prestigious website, CharlesAlphieri.com.
Find and local, near support radio devices, is you at UAM.
You're a bastard.
Everybody's going back to see Mill's movie now.
Now's it, no via file, the first of fake shots.
Just get past the violence for movies from back now.
And these go see the first of fake shots.
Nobody went there with so many fairs.
Making this movie wasn't a plus to fair.
So come on, come on, rise, the first of fiction with me.
No.
I love that.
That's my favorite song this week.
I think, the locomotion.
You know what?
We've been through that many times.
We'll wait till we get to the end of that thing, that magazine thing, either in a week.
All of that's off for your favorite song.
That's for the word songs of all time.
And it is about, we'd go to the city by starship being the worst song of all time.
I would challenge that very vociferously.
Just like I would challenge vociferously the facts in the call we had yesterday
from a professional Israel apologist about how great it is because all they're doing is killing terrorists.
And like you said, well, I don't want to get into that whole aerial surveillance thing
because it speaks for himself.
One good terrorist deserves another one.
But anyway, this is just in from Reuters.
Arabs in the Middle East hate the US more than ever.
Following the invasion of Iraq and Israel's assassination of two homocleters,
Egyptian President Hassan Mabarak said in comments published today.
Mabarak, who visited the US last week told the French newspaper Le Monde
that Washington's actions had caused despair, frustration, and the sense of injustice in the Arab world.
Today there is a hatred of the Americans like never before in the region
he said that an interview given during his stay in France where he met President Jacques Chirac.
Yes, today?
He blamed the hostility partly on US support for Israel,
which assassinated the homostulator Abdulaziz El-Rotisi in a missile strike in the Gaza Strip Center.
A week's after killing his predecessor, she'd offmade the Yassin, Jr.
How come the Muslims never are like Jr.?
I don't know.
Well, they start thinking about that, okay?
At the start, some considered the Americans were helping them.
There was no hatred of the Americans after what's happened in Iraq.
There was unprecedented hatred and the Americans know what Mabarak said.
People have a feeling of injustice.
What's more, they see Ariel Shiroan acting as he pleases without the Americans saying anything.
He assassinates people who don't have the planes and helicopters that he has.
In other words, he's got all the weapons that we keep providing him and they're throwing rocks,
and an occasional suicide bomber.
Israel said such killings are self-defense, but Mabarak said the assassination of Rantees
he could have serious consequences and that the instability in Gaza and Iraq
would not serve US or Israeli interests.
The spirit and feeling of injustice are not going to be limited to our region.
The low of American and Israeli interests will not be safe not only in our region,
but anywhere in the world he said.
Asked about your own plan to pull out of Gaza, Mabarak walked on the enemy with the road map,
thrown up by the US-DU and the UN and Russia-Adiad, I hate math my ass.
Who would a kidnap me?
I'll get a sharpie.
And like I said, how come the rest of us can't just be left alone?
The guy that called in the show yesterday and the guy that sent a fast, which may be the same person,
if you're so crazy about it over there, there are planes leaving all the time.
They've got great security there on LL, hop on a jet tomorrow, and hop on your way over there to televeev your Ruslim.
Haifa, where would you want to hang out and get lost and leave us alone?
These people that don't care about America, all they give a crap about is Cuba and Israel,
and every other place in the world, but America and the meantime,
are under this wave of fascism now that's drowning America,
that's censoring every damn thing we didn't say anymore, and some ear flags still say,
damn, can't say what ought to precede it though, heaven forbid, God forbid, oh he said it.
See how clever I am? I like to do a little fact dance. That's what you got to do right now.
You got to do a verbal fact dance, speaking to locomotion.
But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but I like to separate the words you drop in and over here,
you drop a little bomb over there, and that's it.
This grace what's going on in America, these people are worried about Israel.
Let me say it again as far as the Israel crowd is concerned, castle hoist, that's my comment.
I know what is insanity.
Anybody that's crazy enough to be over there like a sitting target,
it's like a martyr complex all over again.
It's like your mother and my mother, professional victims.
They should have a contest.
Well, our mothers? Yeah, victim, I got me this for you.
I mean, you're not even in the running, okay?
No, I'm not even in the running.
Anyway, getting back to the story I talked about yesterday before we get to the thing from last night on Larry King.
I told you to watch it. You didn't watch it. Did you?
No, I did not. I said, I was good. I didn't.
That's why I take the audio. Thank you.
Because I knew you wouldn't watch.
We have made the connection with us on the phone. This Prince Van Da of Saudi Arabia.
Oh, that's good, Larry, but a little bit later on.
Where would you like exclusives? See, and in Wednesday, my Eastern.
Okay. Thank you.
Anyway, US broadcast is on Monday.
A strong back of the government cracked out against indecency on their waves.
Warning regulators that harsher policies were threatening free speech on radio and television.
Absolutely correct, sir.
A coalition more than 20 broadcast is including the beastly people.
Oh, man, I, I, I, I, very seldom, when we took our hats to George and Bruce and all the beastlies, right?
And whatever other names are, Rufus.
But hello, you guys. We didn't know you had it in you.
I bought a cat diesel power hat just a tip of it to him.
All right. I bought out and got me a banjo.
I'm taking it right now in the banjo, too.
A coalition more than 20 broadcasts, dude.
Artists groups and media organizations filed a petition on Monday asking the FCC
to reconsider a profanity ruling that's part of what some commentators have called a new sexual macarthiasm.
What a great way to describe it.
That is absolutely correct again. The anthem is right on it.
If I can still say that. Can I say it?
No. Like I said, the petition signed by broadcast network owners via ComIncanFus Entertainment Group,
as well as the screen actors, the other groups, charge the FCC as expended as a authority
beyond constitutional limits and that broadcasters have been coerced into self-sensorship.
The FCC is not applying contemporary community standards to potentially indecent material.
They're trying to change them. Robert Cornrevere, the lawyer representing the group told Reuters.
Cornrevere, and his brother Paul, a partner in the Washington DC office of Davis Rights Remain,
said that in the current climate, some broadcasters were dropping decades old rock songs
from the radio playlists and editing the documentary footage for potentially profane remarks.
The FCC ruled last month that NBC television stations violated a federal profanity law
when YouTube, Roxinger, Bono shouted, effing brilliant during a live broadcast
of the 2003 Golden Globes Award show. In a split decision, however,
the Commission declined to let the fines against the NBC stations.
The NBC network, owned by General Electric, filed its own challenge to the FDC mission
later on Monday, it said the Commission went too far by creating a sweeping new definition of profanity
never previously cited, and again, it's called making it up as they go along. They are absolutely correct.
Man, I'm excited that finally somebody is saying, you people are crazy. You're so over the top man,
it's just unbelievable.
It also said the Bono ruling contradicts years of precedent for giving isolated and fleeting utterances
of the effort in news and certain live telecasts such as sports and entertainment sports.
Absolutely correct.
You can't watch your football or hockey game without a few F-bombs being dropped there
in the middle of the game. It's just impossible. That's just the way people talk.
That's what goes on in the heat of the moment, right? What kind of a thing call was that?
You hear that all the time in sporting events?
NBC thought of the FDC, so you hear them all the time because you're not watching.
The only sporting event you don't hear that is golf and tennis.
They get the same very quiet.
That's right, you have to have very quiet. And tennis, it has to be hushed.
Hush, hush, hush, hush.
NBC thought of the FCC opinion as impermissively vague for stating that it would in the future
analyze other potentially profane words or phrases on a case by case basis.
I'll be before we get to finish this, which I will.
The poll today, the most important entertainer of the 20th century, was just to give Eric something to do.
No, not Eric, I guess the Josh, right?
Because we have a blank poll on there because we didn't put any things on it yet.
Elvis, Frank Sinatra, John Lennon.
Our entertainer can mean singer, actor, actress, dancer.
Right?
Right.
We can put more how we gave it on there again, although he's not very entertaining.
Absolutely.
Put him on there again and he ought to be on every day.
When we get to Appalee, we'll put him on there too. He's an athletic supporter.
Please, golf, Tiffany.
He's a golf guy. That's right. He's a golf nerd.
The golf hole.
Anyway, the FCC order will encourage a play at safe attitude by broadcasters in the exercise of their editorial judge.
It's been a chilling effect that cannot be squared with a public interest or the Constitution.
The NBC petition said, see, this is a hell of a lot better than us trying to sign petition.
And Scott, up there in New York, if you listen, nice try. He's stuck at 178,000.
That's not going anywhere.
But even if we would have taken out the ad, this is the way to do it.
Individual broadcasters, we shouldn't have to have the monkey on our back to have to be doing this.
The big money, the billionaire owners of these networks, these are the ones that to be screaming and fighting and how they finally are to which we say,
a rascal on you, go boys.
The Bonner-Woolin came weeks after Janet Jackson admitted the industry cracked down on sexually-specific material
with that dress-thuring performance during the live, Super Bowl halftime show broadcast by CBS and February.
Everybody at was out either tear or taken a turlant break or at the refrigerator. Nobody saw it only about...
30 people saw it.
Public outrage over Jackson's brief flash of nudity helped spark congressional action to stick and find for broadcast in decency yadi yadi.
FCC spokesman Richard Diamond said the commission would review any petitions filed regarding the profanity ruling.
The FCC does not have a deadline to respond, but petitioners can take their case to court if their request is dismissed by the commission.
ABC said it opted not to weigh in leading the Walt Disney company on network as the only one of the big four broadcasts to remain silent on the issue.
How do you like that?
Hey, a bunch of powers and panties. What are they want to dump?
A-A-S-N-R-A-B-C.
Broadcast officials have argued that while obscene programs should be kept up public or waste not on instances of profanity,
the reason why we want to enter into an era in which in a broken curse word aired during live coverage of a breaking news story,
will result in fines and possible license revocations, Bob Wright, NBC Chief Executive wrote in a Wall Street Journal opinion PCS today.
If we want to do that, no.
Right said the media industry was already experiencing a chilling effect as Congressways new laws against indecency that are vague and punitive enough to cause talented writers producing actors to flee broadcast television.
Television stations have respotted recent weeks by instituting seconds long tape delay for live program sensitive academy awards and set of and so on.
Radio station chief channel communications route shocked how it's certain other radio personalities known for sexual explicit comments.
They always mention Howard, but of course, but a lot of sponge got fired.
The goofball guys in Atlanta. What was their name?
Something guy.
Now they're the irregular guys is what I'm here. They got canned and after mentioned that everybody else has got to be on their toes.
They've got to be walking on edge shells because we sure don't want to be saying on the air.
My life and local. This is for real.
The brand.
Yes.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I have no life.
Imagine there's no y'all go.
And I'm still alive.
Imagine the shuffman this week.
But your goal didn't survive.
Imagine if your bullets.
Oh, had gone away.
All right.
Imagine ringo sober.
Wonder if you can.
And George turns to his boy.
Then the circumcise the band.
That's it.
Imagine going and and.
Dealing you see the sticks.
Where have done you.
They said I'm.
But it's not by.
Being.
I'm not.
I'm.
And.
More to attack on you.
More bad.
I just mentioned this in passing before we get to the heavy duty stuff.
King Abdullah of Jordan has called off a meeting with George Bush due to take place tomorrow.
After questioning America's commitment to the Middle East peace process.
Our commitment to peace, right?
The meeting has been.
Has been rescheduled for me while discussions over the US position take place.
The statement released by the world policy yesterday.
Did you notice and it got very little.
Well, two things.
First of all, there are eight more American soldiers died yesterday.
But nobody's talking about it.
I can't find an article about it.
And they did notice in Kosovo.
The Jordanian security guard that went.
A. Schmidt.
No.
You can see that story over the weekend and started shooting in a couple of Americans died there in a couple of other people.
And then they were firing back and they hit us.
So we had a back.
But Jordanian security guard in Kosovo.
A peacekeeper.
A little bit worked up an exercise.
Another lunatic.
Anyway, Jordan has seen as a key ally for the West in the region.
The announcement indicates the scale of Arab anger at President Bush in support for Israel's plans to keep Jewish settlements in some occupied territories while withdrawing from the Gaza Strip in parts of the West Bank.
The announcement followed an earlier call yesterday by the political leader of Hamas and other lunatic for an Arab and Muslim coalition to be both the U.S. and Israel.
How about leaving us out of it?
Okay. You guys do get out and leave us out.
When is that leave us out?
Please.
Pretty please.
Can't do it.
Okay, the most important entertainer.
I want to get a few names on this list before we hop into this heavy duty stuff today.
It was really heavy heavy duty stuff to save the New World from itself.
We got the most important entertainer of the 20th century Elvis, Frank Sinatra, John Lennon.
Well, that's the reason I played that.
And why don't we play that more often?
Why don't I play them?
Or I love that.
It's great.
Because we hate Yoko like poison.
See, I know in advance and you said it before to show that John Lennon is probably going to win.
If he's the greatest entertainer of the 20th century, then my name is Ishka Bibbel.
Okay, I just, I'm not buying that.
I'll say you the name changed for him.
Well, not necessarily.
Do you think he was a great entertainer?
I mean, if you said musician, now wait a minute.
If you said a great musician.
Yeah.
A great musician.
But that's not the category.
I mean, we could look several more days.
We could go weeks with this.
But I want to do that.
Well, but anyway, no, we could like break it down by musicians today.
And we could do like actors.
I don't want to do that.
Pull buildings for it.
But I mean, entertainer to me is somebody like who puts on a great show.
Right.
Like Brittany.
And has some talent to go along with, besides just having natural attributes.
Like Mick Jagger, for example.
Right.
Right.
Elvis.
Correct.
Before he got fat in Vegas with those suits, those outfits that were way too tight.
Well, you talk about June as bustin' out all over.
Man.
That was the first of those videos where he's like just about 300 pounds.
And we're in a real tight western outfits, you know, oh man.
So, what's he dropped over?
Elvis is bustin' out all over.
W.A.C.
Y.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today, Palli?
Sensational.
Okay.
Got a suggestion for your poll.
Yes.
How about Sammy Davis Jr.?
Sammy Davis Jr.
He could sing.
He could dance.
He could act.
And he would do it.
And he never stole a freight train.
Thanks, Palli.
No problem.
See you.
Sammy Davis Jr.
Right.
In fact, my favorite.
What was that movie he was in with the Frank Sinatra?
Was it, um, that they remade?
Was it Oceanside 11?
Was he in that?
Possibly.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And when he turned to Frank Sinatra and said,
Grab my junior, honey.
I thought that was kind of cute.
In fact, it was the Sammy Davis quartet or quintet, whatever.
He and his family, you probably don't know this.
A little useless piece of trivia.
But they started out appearing to do and guess the appearances like how they had Sullivan's
show and those other variety shows.
And they were like a dance group.
They used to come on and do the old tap dance routine, you know.
Right.
Well, he was a tap, or he tapped it.
He was taping it.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
But Frank, you're right, my novelist.
What about mine?
What about mine?
What about mine?
What about mine?
What about mine?
What about mine?
That's the Millerton Frankie Lime and Fan.
Okay.
Right.
Let's put them on there just for the kids.
Frank, you're right.
In the teenagers, why do fools fall in love?
Huh?
I remember, you have his other fantastic smash, which I can't think of at the moment.
Goody-goody.
Do they also do goody-goody, I believe, huh?
Goody-goody.
I get really upset about that, Max.
Whatever that thing is, that's Max and Blender.
Oh, the Blender, yeah.
But we get to that on Thursday or Friday.
They make them up.
They're doing a pull of the worst hit song of all time.
And their choice is number one.
We built this city by Starship.
Hold it our own pole later in a week.
But I mean, it's not a good song.
But it's to say that that's the worst hit song of all time.
I mean, that's like the FCC.
They're just making crap up as they go along.
Just pull it out of their ass.
I mean, out of their ass.
Go, excuse me.
Sorry.
Nobody queueing in, hello.
Hey, I have a suggestion for the pole.
Okay.
What do you got?
Bob Hope.
Bob Hope.
There you go.
Thanks for the members, Bob.
Old Schino's.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
She didn't know it was me.
She's confused.
That's all right.
We do a screenless on a show.
Okay, we don't want to put Josh under tremendous amount of stress.
He'll have enough stress soon enough once he starts suing on bedtime stories on our website.
Or, he's one of the...
What?
Nothing.
One of these days, that's going to happen whenever Eric turns the reins loose over to him.
And then, of course, Josh can start making a few extra bucks doing that too.
But that can't happen until Eric finally lets go at a per strings or the somethings string, apron strings, whatever it is.
Is he got his hands on your apron strings again?
Apes strings.
God.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Tom 5-60 on a 18-T.
So what do we got?
We got Frankie Lyman, Sammy Davis, Jr.
And Bob Hope.
Thanks for it.
Now, what's that Bob Hope that we got?
Thanks for bearing me.
And then we also have the hundreds birthday bit.
And we got a few Bob hopes.
Thanks.
Yeah, we'll play that.
Anyway, it's 10...
What is it?
10-Tool 2?
Let's get out of here.
Now, the good news is we got a Marlon game on Thursday and very excited about it.
If I sound like whipped up, I wasn't aware of that.
Go, O'Lorla.
And I look at the schedule and I'll see you on Thursday.
Pregame show at 12-30 game time.
105 Marlins at the filling.
Oh, love those Marlins especially when they play in big games.
They're the best.
Big game here tonight, man.
Game 7.
Least and the Ottawa Senators.
I just want to mention this before I get to the story later on if I have time.
Which I don't want to dwell on.
Because nobody knows the real story.
It's very bizarre.
Very all kinds of stories out there in the street, you know.
Like I said in the Godfather.
But CNN, this story about Mike Denton, which I never heard of Mike Denton.
Because I don't watch the Western Conference very much.
You played hockey for the same Louis Blues.
Hockey player Hitman and the acquaintance.
And first they said it was his game.
Love it that he was trying to hire a hit on.
And then it was something else.
And now there's all kinds of stories out there.
But CNN of course puts this story on here.
Did they put anything out about the stand-up playoff?
Oh.
Anything ever positive about hockey?
Oh.
The Todd Virtusy story when he waxed Steve Moore.
And then this story about this Mike Denton.
They've got all kinds of airtime on CNN.
And that's so typical America.
Anything bad associated with hockey.
You'll see all kinds of cover, Johnna.
Anything good?
Forget about it.
Cause we don't know from no hockey.
And we'll call this for creative ice hockey.
We'll see you in the next video.
See you in the next video.
We'll see you in the next video.
We'll see you in the next video.
See you in the next video.
For a barrier, me.
Those bad jokes that I said.
My eyes that turned all red.
I'm on the road with being again,
except this time I'm dead.
Please don't aim over me.
But I want to tell you, thanks for burying me.
That cheesy old man smell.
That's the Laura's house as well.
And those lousy shows that I did at the top of the new hotel.
And I did at the neck bird.
And I want a girl.
I haven't played that in a long time either.
1046 at 560 WQM.
I don't know who the most important entertainer of the 20th century was,
but it sure isn't anybody we have on the list yet.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Do you think?
No.
No, not even close.
Anyway, now somebody faxes and makes a very good point.
Important entertainer is an oxy moron.
Right.
And I think you're right.
But it's a real fun.
Right.
Just relatively speaking, if it's one of your role is,
and if not, barrage.
I was speaking of Oklahoma City because there's Susan Candy out of you on CNN.
He's certainly not news network.
Although we like Susan a lot.
She's great.
But the network sucks.
CNN blows.
Oklahoma City bombing was taped.
Remember I said yesterday that the whole thing with Terry Nichols?
Yeah.
Is being investigated.
His connections in the Philippines.
And that he might have had al-Qaeda connections.
They might have had some help in his plot.
A Secret Service document written shortly after the 95 Oklahoma City bombing described security
video footage of the attack and witness testimony suggested that Timothy McVeigh may have had
accomplices at the scene in plural.
Security video tapes from the area show the truck detonation three minutes and six seconds after the suspects
exited the truck.
The Secret Service reported six days after the attack on a log of agent's activities evidence
and the Oklahoma investigation.
The government has insisted McVeigh drove the truck himself and that it never had any video of the bombing or the scene of the
Alfred P. Moral building of the minutes before April 19, 95 explosion.
Several investigators and prosecutors who worked the case hold the AP.
They had never seen video footage like that to describe the Secret Service log.
But it says the document in fact is either significant evidence kept secret for nine years or a misconstrued
recounting investigative leads that were often passed by word of mouth during hectic days after the attack.
The blast, etc.
And anyway you make up your own mind okay you uh come up in your own brain with some kind of conspiracy theory.
5670560 just like that fast you just sent me about the missile coming from the plane.
Oh yeah all the time.
Always I'm worried about that when I'm flying a commercial flight that some of the missiles are going to fall out when you least expect it.
Or the hand grenades.
Some of my missiles might be falling out especially to eat the food on the plane.
How about a QN hello?
Not there.
How about a QN hello?
Hello?
Yes sir.
Yes uh you're talking about the entertainers?
Yes.
Come Jones.
Tom Jones is a good choice for a question old fart he's good.
I'm telling you man I'm 35 years old I remember my parents playing with records.
Right.
And I took and I took my mother like four years ago to see him here at the man he'd be a transaction center.
Right.
He can still perform and he can still have the voice.
He doesn't have the moves but he still has the voice.
Yeah actually what he does now is he stands in one place and just swings his hip just a little bit because he's about a hundred years old.
But he's great.
Yeah.
What's he put he can.
Thanks a lot Tom.
Okay.
Have a great day.
See now this is Tom Jones good.
Right.
Now what's the name of the style six one?
Remember that?
Sure do.
I got no problems.
I'm just gonna go play it a little later on.
Huh?
No problems with Tom.
I have his greatest hits over here.
Yeah I wouldn't say he's the greatest entertainer.
But we certainly put him on the list he's certainly better than some of the stiffs.
I mean people who got down there already like Frankie Lyman.
Man.
567.0560.
Tom.560 on the AT&T.
What about Marlon Brando?
Right.
I was thinking Marlon but I wanted somebody else to say it.
Well I just said it.
What about Marlon Brando?
Get him on there.
Now.
That Frankie Lyman guy.
Obsessive.
I bet he's got a Frankie Lyman blow up doll.
You think?
WDQA and hello.
Hey Neil I'm not a fan but what about Wayne Newton?
He's a big entertainer guy.
Yeah it's funny you mentioned that because I was watching where the hell did I see it.
Oh he was on some show yesterday which I immediately turned it off.
But he was on some panel talking about who knows what.
Oh I know it was from Vegas.
It was crossfire.
Yeah he said it.
As soon as they said Wayne Newton was coming on I showed it off and I thought to myself
remember a hank a long time ago it's all about what a great show he puts on in Vegas.
And thinking of myself you know the Hummer must have been drinking too many cool aids or something
out there.
But are you a song song?
So I'm in, do I feel it?
Yeah.
That's him.
Not.
This is Wayne Newton.
Is it a jerk?
Is it a second sound?
It's like Wayne to me.
So in the face I feel myself.
Right Wayne with a spick accent there it's always the best way he does that.
He's a little bit of a dalka shape.
Wayne Newton.
Don, good chain.
Talka is a brutal.
But anyway put him on there because there are people who think he's a great performer.
My question is this and I've never been able to get a sad fact for the answer if you don't like somebody's work.
How can you believe that they put on a great show?
For example I love Luis Miguel.
I've seen him in concert three times and he puts on a great show.
But if I didn't like this singing I can't imagine going first of all.
I can't imagine going number one.
But number two I can't imagine to say man he put on one hell of a show.
I could say that.
If Britney sounded like Jenna's job.
Who I hate.
Right.
I would still say boy she puts on a great show in a different, different category.
Okay.
Different category.
Well that's the only way that's the answer.
I see.
Well last time I checked Wayne Newton wasn't too hot.
You know.
He didn't even look warm.
And he talks to his teeth.
I can't stand guys.
Which are pretty jars.
They were sitting across from you were starting to do that to talk into a see through team.
I don't know what you mean by that.
And the see you're not doing it right now.
But you started like that talk with like really like putting on a broad case voice.
Huh?
Talking to his teeth.
Talking to his teeth like that.
That's what Wayne Newton is.
He talks to his teeth.
I ain't just saying that.
I can't stand with a pony.
Maybe that's the high those runaway yeses that Wayne might have.
You know what?
I didn't say that.
That's bad.
He's a happily married guy or was there something five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T.
It was in wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Shia La Cruz baby.
Shia La Cruz she the man she the man.
Shia La Cruz get around there right away.
Okay.
Shia La Cruz she is doing it man.
What do we do?
I don't know.
I'm losing.
I am dead now.
I don't remember when I was alive.
I would need to do it in the morning when the door was.
I would never see her together with the two recover.
What we do the other best entertainer of the 19th century.
We can go on there too.
And the 18th.
Right.
And the 17th.
WQA and hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning to you sir.
I'd like to put the great one on it like that.
WQA and hello.
Hi and good to meet you all.
How are you?
Pretty good.
My folks are Elton John.
That man can put on a shell boy.
Excellent choice.
He takes away, you know, for a lot of the outrageousness that we see today, you know, on stage.
So I would, my code is definitely for him.
Great.
I'll say any questions.
And my vote for the worst on the world, season's in the sun.
Oh, that's a good one.
The worst on edge.
You started my list.
Okay.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Bye bye.
Terri Jackson.
Terri Jackson.
Terri Jackson.
Terri Jackson.
Terri Jackson.
We just marked that down on here.
I don't want to do that today because we're looking at this other thing for all we can.
But that's a good suggestion.
I just wrote it on the, let's see.
They didn't even make the top 10 in the Maxim Blender poll.
See how they are.
I'd like to pop that thing into Blender and Terri Jackson along with it.
We built a city by starship was the all-time worst they say, followed by achy, breaky, hard,
Billy Ray Cyrus, who is genetically challenged.
Everybody have fun tonight, my Wayne Chung, who I thought played first place for the,
oh, that's right, that's Chao Sui Place first place for the Marlins, right?
The Marlins, they got a kid named Chao Sui Place first place and in the Cleveland Indians,
they got a kid named Coco Christ.
Am I right, Josh?
Yeah.
I'm just kidding about Chao Sui, but they got a Coco Christ funny Indians, right?
Yeah.
That is his name.
So our musical question today is, is Coco Christ?
So you put the bill in it.
Rollin', let's get number four, ice ice baby vanilla ice number five, harder rock and roll,
he would lose in the news number six.
Don't worry, be happy by me from my fur and should be much harder than that.
That is nauseating.
I'd never forget when Channel 4, which is now Channel 6, they're in that ad camp,
that Chromo campaign, what that is, da da da da da.
Oh, man, just puke inducing out of the yellow.
Party all the time, buddy, obnoxious Eddie Murphy is number eight, American Life by Madonna,
followed by number 10, rounding out the top 10,
Ebony and Ivory, Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder,
a real piece of direct if there ever was one.
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey, here.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? I got one for the portal.
All right.
How about Lionel Reagan, the American actor, ended up being president.
Okay.
I've also got one for you as far as the terrible songs, and I know you're not really like it.
But the worst, that's the worst, Ebert Kell and the new Bohemian,
that what are the am news, where the am are those horrible?
What is the name of that song?
It was what I am.
Ebert Kell, it's terrible.
If you look at that.
I can tell her what she'd be, but we can't see it on here anymore.
Oh, absolutely.
Okay, that's going there.
And I'm a great, good show.
Back to it.
We're doing two for ones I guess today, right?
We're putting the stuff on both ads.
Okay, what do we care, all right?
If we can just make it till two o'clock and still be alive, it's a good day for us,
especially me, and you get to be an old fart.
And you know what you do at two o'clock, don't you?
Well, I know what I do.
What do you do at lunch?
Okay.
Go to lunch, George.
I'm going to catch the vote on here and see how this thing is hanging.
Okay, I'm going to vote for Routen John just because us queens got to stick together.
Vote for Marley.
Yeah, vote for Marley and Brando.
He's okay in my book.
Oh, well, like I said, if you're going to vote for somebody who like gets it all around, Marlon,
he's certainly in that category.
1117, Bob Hope 15, Charlotte and 15, Frank's an after five, Sammy Davis, Jr. 3, Frankie Lyman's got a pair.
Oh!
There's neat dead Frankie Lyman, do we know that?
I'm pranking for you, dead.
I can check the flight.
Tom Jones won, Elton John's got one which is mine.
Marlon Brando don't have any eight, you better get with it.
And we in Newtons, Celia Cruz is on there.
For Celia, she's going to do well with your people.
She's very big.
I mean, your people, how many great entertainers were there?
Does he or she has, right?
She's her Romero.
Celia Cruz.
Andy Garcia.
Rick Sanchez.
Mike Amal, for the ground.
Get back my back.
Elton John hasn't been able to get out of the studio.
He's back.
There again with his, there's dropping like flies album.
A tribute to John Denver.
You'll hear that classic fine dying in a prop plane.
Goodbye, Rocky Mountain Road.
Hello, this is Elton John, an El giving the studio to record other tribute records.
That's right, one more good bye FDR.
And I can't only make Cremwell in, a tribute to Joseph Stalin.
El Jones tribute album.
There's dropping like flies on sale now.
11-1-1-5-60 WDQM.
We got the mad dog at two.
The Humper, the Hebrew hammer at four.
Kill 6-30.
6-30 got the Marlon on deck free game show.
705 Marlon said they fill it off your fillings.
Is the Marlon's trotted like right to sinking ship?
I mean, get back on track.
And he can't do the baseball game.
God made me do it.
Artichael by Robert Dreyfus.
No relation to Richard by the way.
I don't like Richard Dreyfus at all.
No.
Robert Dreyfus though I like a lot.
He's a freelance writer based Alexandria Virginia,
specializes in politics and national security issues.
He currently is working on a book about America's policy for political
Islam over the past 30 years.
Stop third man.
Is Dick Cheney God?
If you read the gospel according to Woodward, it's clear that the president seems to think so.
A few months ago I wrote a profile of a Reverend Tim Lahey for Rolling Stone.
Lahey is the author of Left Behind, the best-selling series of books on the end of the world.
A hyped up version of the alleged biblical prophecies that predict that Jesus Christ will return to earth.
And after a climactic battle between God and Satan at Armageddon.
Satan, of course, happens to set up his headquarters in Babylon just south of where Baghdad is today.
Lahey is a highly influential organizer of the Christian right.
He founded the moral majority in the secretive council on national policy,
and he helped elect a bush by swinging skeptical Christian right leaders behind him in 2000.
Lahey and his fundamentalist block often equated Sodom of the Antichrist, literally not figuratively.
In Rolling Stone, I speculated that Lahey's weird beliefs might have influenced the president of a board again Christian
whose decision to go to war in Iraq seems to have been directed as much as, at Satan is against Sodom.
Maybe I was right.
Yesterday in Washington Post and on 60 minutes Bob Woodward presented a terrifying picture of a president obsessed.
Bush demonized Sodom, creating a minicky in the world in which America was a God-inspired nation,
combating the vials of a blood hell of Iraq.
It's not clear whether Bush believed like Lahey and the necessity of a climactic struggle with Satan's legions from Babylon.
But the president's crusade had all the same fervor.
Apparently he talked to the wrong father.
Reports Woodward on, and 60 minutes, did Mr. Bush ask his father for any advice?
I asked the president about this and president Bush said, well no, and then he got defensive about it, says Woodward.
Then he said something like, that really struck me. He said of his father, he is the wrong father to appeal to for advice,
the wrong father to go to to appeal to in terms of strength, and then he said, there's a higher father than I appeal to.
Perhaps Bush believes that he has a pipeline to God.
That he can ask God for advice about which wars to launch.
By all the consulpers, his real father, the earthly will not be imaginary one in the sky, was against the war.
Perhaps Bush mixed up God and Dick Cheney.
Woodward makes it startlingly clear that Cheney was a driving force behind the Iraq misadventure, but for Bush war in Iraq wasn't Cheney's will, it was God's will.
Going into this period, I was praying for strength to do the Lord's will.
I'm sure I'm not going to justify the war based on God.
Nevertheless, in my case, I pray that I be as good a messenger of his will as possible, and then of course I pray for personal strength and forgiveness.
Says Woodward, succinctly, a Bush, he's not an intellectual.
He's not, but Woodward makes clear that Bush is perfectly capable of disguising his godly work from people who disagree, since his colon Powell, who wasn't told of his decision to go to war, even after war planning was well underway.
And two days after Prince Von Bar got the briefing.
And then there's this little boy on Iraq until the day before Thanksgiving of November 21st, 2001.
This is 72 days after 9.11.
This is part of this secret history.
President Bush, actor, national security council meeting, faced on Rumsfeld aside, collars him physically, and takes him to the little cubby hole room and closes the door and says,
What have you got in terms of plans for Iraq? What is the status of the war plan? I want you to get it on. I want you to keep it secret.
There's lots more in the book. I think that ought to be required reading for anyone planning to cast a vote in November, with at least 11 more Americans killed this weekend, with well over 1,000 Armackies killed since April 1.
With US troops employed for massive assaults on the Jaffa and Fallujah, with Iraq's governing council crumbling fast, and with civil war looming in Iraq, and with the growing possibility that the crisis in America could spill over to Iran and Syria too,
Americans are asking, how did we get stuck in this mess? Woodward has answered that question better than anyone else so far.
Right, Robert Treifas.
So there you go, and here we are.
Right? Also?
Yes, right. Just another guy, but that's not in a book.
Anyway, Secretary of State Colin Powell, other administration officials yesterday, sought to clarify questions raised in Bob Woodward's provocative news account of that March 2, in Iraq, a book that nevertheless appears to have earned the White House seal of approval.
In an interview yesterday in which he disputed suggestions by Woodward that he was out of loop and dragoon to the supporting president Bush on the war, he was dragooned,
Powell confirmed that the White House had told the administration officials to cooperate with Woodward's trying to attack book.
We all talked to Woodward, it was part of our instructions from the White House, Powell said, was an opportunity to help him write a contemporary history of this period.
Just don't believe the parts we don't like.
Unlike the hostile treatment recorded in recent telealtomes from former Secretary Treasury, Paulo, Neil, and counter-terrorism advisor Richard Clark, Woodward's book received a generally positive reception at the White House.
The president's campaign website even listed the book as suggested reading, providing a direct link to order a copy from Amazon.com.
So via it, read it, just don't impact what they'll probably do as excise the parts they don't like.
Yeah, about making the oil deal, things like that, and about that, bringing the $700 million from Afghanistan to Iraq.
Taking all of these things, they'll just delete those in the copy you get. This is the way they'll do it.
$5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, the most important entertainer of the 20th century is or was WDQM Hello.
This is boring, please.
WDQM Hello.
Not there.
QAM Hello.
Hello, I don't know the name of this home, but if I can sing a few more.
Now that we're after one song, should I see a... That's the problem, I don't want you to sing and come on.
Oh, man.
He was going to not take any more songs till at least Thursday when we do the other thing, okay?
Let's take one at a time. This business is trying to do two pulls at once.
One, back in the day, I had to bring one for that.
No more.
Mmm.
Even Kathy Willets wouldn't try this challenge.
See, that's about as close as I can come to say something kind of like cutesy, like that.
Right.
WQM Hello.
I'm Neil, my voters for the gay gay women.
WQM Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
About Jackie Gleason.
Jackie Gleason is magnificent.
How come so many of these people are dead?
Hello.
Because we have many people on the... No, seriously, let's see.
Elvis, I'm looking on the list.
Don't John's a lie.
Marlon Brando's a lie, although I don't think for too long if he keeps eating him sandwiches.
Ronald Reagan as well.
That's another story.
Tom Jones, I know there's a few living souls on there.
Right?
Right.
That's like, you know, that old hostel to things.
See, back in the day, things used to be so much better.
The entertainers were better.
The hotels were better.
Life was better.
Back in the day.
WQM Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think the greatest entertainer for the century has got to be the Bush family.
I mean, those guys can tap...
WQM Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I thought there was Kathy Willis though, because that was pretty dang entertaining for a while.
Yeah, especially when... What's his name was in the closet, Jeff?
Well, I don't know about that.
I've been asked for like her career kind of got stardom.
She was put closed and was doing shaving shows.
That was entertaining.
Uh-huh, yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
Adam Carell.
Oh, man.
These people are the best.
Make no mistake about it.
These are the brightest and the best of South Florida.
And that's the problem.
WQM Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
First of all, I just want to thank you on the Eccons.
I lost 30 pounds and I've kept it up for like three months.
But for the minute.
Excellent.
Good job.
Yeah.
Also, um, for the...
Don't go out for a quick rest of the walk, so, man.
For the... for the poll?
All right.
I say Johnny Carson.
Johnny Carson.
How come nobody else mentioned him yet?
I've a side out of mind.
Not like him though.
He was pretty cool.
I like to guess.
He was okay.
And the people...
I know they got a like a nap.
Exactly.
Ed McMahon.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Yeah, sir.
And also, Jay, yeah.
In retrospect, Johnny Carson started to seem a lot better when you got that Jay Leno on there.
Oh, he's so bad.
He is so...
He is so weak.
He's so lame.
He's just pathetic.
But basically, whoever inherits that show, it seems, he's got to build an audience.
And, uh, yeah.
Right.
It's the same thing.
And then you got your letterman who's still throwing the pencil through the window.
You know, I just...
And the stupid dog, Rick.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't stay up that late anyway.
But if I did, I'd be watching like some movie on one of my nifty cable channels here that
I'm always beating you over the head about.
Right.
Like, for example, what do we got on Friday the 13th of series is on screen.
Groal's hotel is on driving channel.
And I know they're going to say something bad.
I'm not going to put that on.
Uh, Northern Film Exposure.
I mean, there's just all kinds of really, uh...
What is this?
Dest...
Desting.
What kind of a word is that?
That's a bad, destined...
Oh, destiny to order.
Order.
Or...
Do you ever see that?
No.
Well, let me just...
One second.
Oh, I...
They might say something nobody to go test can hear but not put them on.
But anyway, that's...
That's what you'd more like I would have watched.
I would not be watching Jay Leno.
God forbid.
Under any circumstances, I wouldn't care if it was guest war.
It just...
I would never even cross my mind to turn that crap on.
There's a better chance I would watch the apprentice than Jay Leno.
And I'd rather be dead than watch Donald Trump.
Oh, you don't understand me.
You'll let's the hottest thing go.
See, when somebody says that's the hottest thing going,
immediately, race in the other direction, okay?
I'm done.
I'm done.
WQA, I'm hello.
Oh, Jay!
Yeah, right.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Okay, good.
I want to just give my name for Paul.
Go ahead and speak me, John.
Oh, no.
You know, this sounds like a name.
No, it doesn't sound like a name.
Well, if it don't sound like me, then if I'm lying, I'm dying.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not if I just say, I have no life.
How's that?
All right, name for the Paul.
Who?
Topo Gisio.
Topo Gisio when he ends their song and he'll get out of here.
That is funny.
Well, it's the only funny if you're no far like that guy and you get it.
And Bill Cabrine, do you really?
Sure, I saw the video.
You don't know who Topo Gisio is.
I saw those old reruns.
And senior Wences used to be on air, which he was great.
Sada.
Sada.
In fact, he long before Brad Pitt ever said it, that what's in the box?
He was doing the same thing.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Got a name for your Paul.
All right.
Neil Diamond.
Neil Diamond, another stiff.
Okay, thank you.
He's still alive, though.
His religion is online.
Well, I've taken it to 20th century.
Must have been some bad entertainers and, you know,
right?
I'm sure somebody will call up with the good ones eventually.
Well, I voted for Elton John, and I'm making apologies for it.
I'm not saying he was the best, but of the people we have on our list, I mean, what's not to like?
What about Steven Tyler?
What about it?
Well, let me just add some on myself.
Steven Tyler, Mick Jagger, right?
Right.
Let's put some people on who are great entertainers, great performers, not just stiffs.
I mean, somebody's probably going to say, Pirate Como, you know?
They have to, they have to like take up pulse on him every time before he finish the song, like I did on SCTV.
I can never forget that as long as I live.
The moment he was like in a hospital bed, attached with the tubes to his nose and like with the respirator, and singing in a hospital.
You, you saw that.
Mm-hmm.
And finally, when it goes running.
I mean, we're talking about, I mean, we've done that told before, but that's the one that keeps coming to my mind.
The worst entertainers of the 20th century.
The most pathetic, untalented people, fully that one day.
There you go.
I still have to, right?
He's still running around in the woods with, with their babies up here in Del Rey, wherever it was.
Dean Martin, there's another one, couldn't sing his word of a paper song.
He just moved the song.
Right turn to me.
Yeah.
There's such a humongous difference between somebody who really can sing or act or be a real entertainer.
As opposed to somebody who's just like a name, a state of mind, you know, kind of like the Rascal House of Entertainment.
Like Wayne Newton.
Maybe that's why I hate flexing, Wayne Newton.
I don't want to pick on the Humper because he's great, but I mean, Wayne Newton puts on a great show.
Oh man.
Love him 13 at 560.
W.D. Q.A. may have your mattresses piece of crap, man.
If it's worn out, if it's had it, time to get you a new one.
Make one easy call.
That's all you have to do.
I've been doing that for a long time.
Call dial amacres 1-800-Macres.
They backup everything they tell you and they're advertising 600%.
Their competitors still lie like crazy, like Greg Reed.
So be sure and read the fine print.
Here's an example.
In big print, the ads scream out of no down payment, no interest.
No payments for 24 months.
You know, President Eisenhower used to say interest.
You want to know why?
Why he was it.
Ignite.
He was illiterate.
No down payment.
When Chris no payments for 24 months, that's a big headline.
But the tiny print at the bottom of those ads reads like,
and in cyclopedia, disclaimers requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sell price.
Many times not a single advertised item would qualify for finance.
Enter an interest pennilies 21% or forget about that.
Dial amacres ads have no tiny print.
No disclaimers.
They don't have to lie to get your business because they got an unbeatable deal.
When you call 1-800-Macres, you'll discover there's never an active charge for same-day delivery.
They take same-day orders all day long from Kimmel Disturred, Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And when you call that tool free number, 1-800-Macres,
you pick the date into our delivery window.
You want your mattress delivered and they show up when you want.
It's in a higher.
Call right now and you'll see for yourself why 1-800-Macres is ranked number one
and overall customer satisfaction in the universe.
And dial amacres reminds you to read that fine print in any ads
because they want you to know exactly what you're buying,
even if you decide not to buy from them.
So do the smart thing like we've all been doing for a long time.
Give them a call at 1-800-Macres or log on to mattress.com.
Dial amacres 1-800-MATTRES.
The honest way to buy you a great new bed.
We're sports video 560-M-U-A-M.
We've been tired of it.
Oh, Jim.
I was so slow to be a G-E-M.
This weekend I'm asked as I was.
Homer, you're on strike and you want a larger salary, right?
Something very close exactly along those lines.
So what more do you want?
Here's chocolate, what bitten doughnut, 60-40-40-40-60 of American tea.
Burgos and cake.
Yes!
Okay, well good luck with that.
And while you're on strike, what are you going to be doing?
I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days.
We Michael Jackson, come here.
Now, make sure we have plenty of cold cuts and put some beer on ice.
This is what Michael Jackson will try.
I know it's an electrical Elvis.
If you know he starts feeding, it means you're picking it too much.
Michael Jackson will.
You like it, lovey, man.
That's what the world needs now.
More love, more love.
Go to hell, be touching my special area.
No, you must turn to hell.
Okay, Bob.
Sarah's out.
We're not going to feed you.
She'll go, my.
That's this weekend that I asked as I was.
Homer, would you see Janet Jackson on Letterman?
Oopies.
All right, you're almost stimulated.
Love and I team is 560 WQM.
The most important entertainer of the 20th century.
I don't think we even come close to fighting it yet.
Hear her?
It.
Have we?
Oh, we're searching, man.
We're searching on it.
I think I'll wait until about the new hour to play that thing from the piece.
From the lawyer, Kim Lysnay.
With Prince Bandaar, who said.
560-70560.
Tom 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQM, hello.
Yes, I had a nomination for the greatest entertainer.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Bing Crosby.
Wow.
I have some reasons why 173 weeks, 3.5 years, a number one.
383 top 30 hits.
Made Academy Awards.
Acted in over 100 movies.
Anyone 27 weeks consecutive in a number one slot in America.
Shocking.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, he's not my favorite, but I mean, in terms of influential.
He was big.
He was big.
He was a lot of farmers.
I said he was big.
Yeah, he was huge.
I mean, it melts down.
It's literally triple to quadruple what Elvis did in terms of the number of farmers.
That is shocking.
Doesn't that give you a lot?
Most talented, I would say, would be Duke Ellington in terms of great performers.
They're not so important, though.
Yeah, well, I mean, he was arguably by far the most influential...
Okay, thanks a lot.
He could have gone on forever.
Well, this is saying the Duke of Earl.
Duke, Andrew Duke of Earl.
Duke of Hasard.
I think he was a Duke bag.
Oh, I just came up with that's good.
Don't be a Duke bag.
Thank you, sir.
Like I said, that was a great call.
Thank you so much.
See how you're following a buck under crap every now and then?
That was excellent.
Don't be a Duke bag.
Oh, brother, now we got, like, an hole.
And we got Duke bag.
Every day we got to come up with one new word that they can't
that come chasing after us for yet.
Nobody QA in, hello?
Yeah, I got a vote for my grandfather.
How about I love Lucy?
Lucy!
Are you Lucy?
Lucy, please.
Lucy will ball.
Okay, thank you.
Who's going to say Lucy will ball?
I'm prepared.
Put him over to your people.
Lucy will ball.
Absolutely, right?
See, she might have been it.
See, I'm thinking like that, era.
What about Sunseezer?
What about him?
Put him on there.
Your show shows.
Right.
Since he was great, a little bit on the nervous side.
I used to get nervous watching him.
A little hyper, but he was great.
But that era, again, like the 50s and 60s TV people,
like Red Skeleton.
Huh?
You know what Red Skeleton on there?
God bless.
God bless.
Ooh.
He was okay.
See, back in the day, when all that stuff was on,
you didn't really have a lot of choices.
Now, Sunday night, you had a choice because you had Ed Sullivan
against the Steve Allen show.
What about Steve Allen?
Steve Allen.
It's a night show.
The Sunday night show.
Don't start using your personal records because he came into an old funny dirty.
I can't separate him.
Now, while you have to, for purposes of this important pool, you have to separate your personal
emotions about what a clown he became at the end.
He was great.
You just aren't old enough to remember when he was great.
And suddenly, it's never happened to him, you know?
I mean, unlike Reagan, who is something that happened to him, but he was never great.
But that's beside the point.
What about Hoppe Launcansody?
William Boyd.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And I wonder what you got on there?
What do we just add?
Not William Boyd.
Steve Allen.
See, he'll put William Boyd on there.
He out?
Well, I don't want William Boyd on there.
He was for the Boids, okay?
I got one.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't direct her being entertained, I guess, or by Alfred Hitchcock.
Absolutely.
Look at all the tremendous number of movies that he directed.
I mean, a cycle in North by Northwest and stranger on a train and a rear window.
Well, we can't say rear window.
Just the birds speaking of the Earth, the Boids.
Alfred Hitchcock, got him?
We got him.
You sure?
No.
Well, see, that's what I'm worried about.
He's falling low, but I'm going too fast.
He's good.
He's straight as this thing.
5-670560, well, somebody has to be besides George and who else we got.
Well, I'm not too sure about some of this building.
Yeah.
Somebody QM, hello.
We got Freaky Carlos, QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, that could screw me.
On STTV on that pericol bit, lying flat on this face on the stage floor, singing the BG's.
Damn, I'm...
One of my all-time favorites.
It was great.
Hey, if you're going to put Johnny Carson on that list, how about Steve Allen just to be fair?
I think we just got two sand Steve Allen ones.
I'm sorry, I can't...
That's okay.
And the sidekick connected.
I know, man.
We got it from you.
It was psychic.
Oh, okay.
Cool.
And don't forget a psychic.
Well, his psychic?
Well, yeah.
So, yeah.
5-670560, 5-60.
The AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
I want to land on a big screen, but I better not.
Show me where.
Come on.
I don't want to do it.
Boca Bryant says, check.
Yeah.
Check, Benny.
Oh, yeah.
Now, is he being Jeff Benio, Greg Reed?
Because they both seem to sound the same.
They played by Greg Reed.
I see.
Okay, Jack Benio.
There were rumors about him, too, and his wife, Mary Livingston, but that's back in the day.
Nobody would talk about such things.
They would think it was their own private business.
The most important entertainer of the 20th century, Elvis 51.
I'm really surprised because this is kind of an ambivalent about Elvis crowd,
as we've discovered through our polls, they could take him or leave him.
John Lennon 35, Bob Hope 31, Frank Sinatra 16, Celia Cruz 15, and oh, go Celia.
Elton John 10, Sammy Davis Jr. 9, Johnny Carson 6, Ronald Reagan 5.
Takes a certain breed of person to vote for Ronnie Reagan, you know what?
Certain.
I'm not breed of proud.
Yeah.
Marlon Brando III, Frankie Lyman III, Jackie Gleason II, who used to sit right there up against the glass
and the front window of the clubhouse at Pompedo Park.
I wanted to be less alone.
Mick Jagger I, Tom Jones has got one.
Wayne Newton's got one, but most people don't believe it.
And Steve Allen's just one honor.
He got one, Stevie Tone got one.
None yet, zero for Neil Diamond.
Did we put Mick Jagger on her or not?
Yeah.
Did I just read it?
Oh, yeah, he's got one.
No votes for Neil Diamond since he's a Bing Crosby Steve Allen, Jack Benioff,
and I don't know what's scouting, they just went on there.
26 past 11, this is, I don't know, I mean it'll be inconclusive when we get through.
Let me go have to do it again till we get it right.
Right.
Right over and over.
Just to piss off the whisperer out there.
There's boring changes.
I'm starting to actually enjoy him and kind of a perverse way now.
I think he was complaining about that other stuff that you were starting to show it.
What was that?
That was political issues.
No, he just complaining about anything that we do.
You don't, not get them.
You might have started getting whether it's start with you and the tapes.
26 after 11 at 5, 60, WM, nobody wants to talk about cancer or heart disease, any of these horrible things that can happen.
But we're all vulnerable, man.
Nobody is the Superman.
It's the proof in fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if you find it early.
That's why I'm so excited to tell you about Hollywood, Diagnostic Center, and Hollywood.
They're proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less than truth of them, being traditional.
Most people are terrified to go in and for these exams even though we know we've got to do them.
Because most of them are really very invasive and they're kind of a pain in the well, you know.
Coronary heart-scoring, full body screening exams that can detect cancer, all sorts of things like threatening diseases, in their early stages before it's too late.
And the doctors before this even needed.
I was there last week and believed you mean when I walked out of there, which is a miracle to me because when you're fat, out of shape, and lethargic life, I've been all my life.
And they look inside.
The thing that I find most amazing is not just that you're taking a virtual tour down through your body, but like the lungs, you actually go inside the lungs.
Yeah, seriously. They look right down in there.
And then you go, you check out your colon and all of these things, your pancreas, all the stuff.
Anyway, for all your imaging museums called Hollywood Diagnostic Center, like I kept telling you, it could be a life-saving call if you do it soon.
Call 954-966-3600 for a test that can give you and your family an incredible piece of mind.
At Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer a state-of-the-art imaging equipment. They got it all. They have open MRI, high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much, much more. It's an amazing place.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving South Florida for over 20 years, and the facility also provides a complete mobile dinosaur service that can come right to you.
For example, Georgia, if your mother should break a leg, they can come right to her and check it all out, right where she is.
They don't have to hurry or nothing. If she should like break her neck or something like that.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exam today very seriously. It could be the most important call you make.
It could be a very seriously life-saving call if you catch something in time. And like I said, if not, you got great piece of mind.
Call 9-5-4-9-66-3600.
Call 9-5-4-9-66-3600.
Call 9-5-4-9-66-3600.
The Mac Griggets have juiced some juices or it's juice. You know I've been dead a long time.
I'm looking forward to seeing old friend Bob Hope up here, so who he'd love it. They've golf up here in the great beyond, you know. And all the crispest is required.
Oh hey, it's old friend, Samadero, it's Julia. Hey, Samadero. Where, oh, will you look at the time.
You know, most Mac kids committed suicide because they said it was an abusive father.
Well, I'm glad they're all up here now because it's weapon time. Yet, never bells.
Oh, would you like to swing on a star? Be to kids heads with the crowbar.
Oh, oh, gotta go. Gotta take time in 20 minutes.
1132-28-28, till now he's another one. Couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack.
Remember, true love with the Grace Kelly and Bing Crosby? Remember the movie and the, well, what was the movie?
Was that the name of the movie also? I've definitely avoided Bing Crosby movies.
And what about high society?
Well, anyway, that was dead.
Yeah, but Grace Kelly was in it.
Yeah. You didn't love Grace Kelly?
I loved her, but what about in a rear window with Jimmy Stewart?
She was a beautiful lady.
How about Jimmy Stewart?
How about Jimmy Stewart?
I mean, I wouldn't say that he's the greatest entertainer, but he's sure of all the people in movies.
He's a head's been told as opposed to some of these stiffs. I mean, some of these other people were getting on here.
They're doing Stewart.
Sorry to your...
Right.
I mean, he and Catherine Hepburn were pretty tight.
Where the hell is that?
Play that now, too.
How? Where is that?
And now the sound of Jimmy Stewart.
Oh, we better not do that.
Oh, that's right.
Just don't on me. We can't play that no more, either.
Because it's a sexual... they're having sexual activity, or at least it sounds like it.
God. Well, just have to remember how funny it was.
Yeah, just remember how... that was really hysterical.
Buh-hah!
Yeah.
Santa Barbara Police reports in exclusively by ABC News,
Outline the Allegations, pop star Michael Jackson's legs victim in his brother made to a psychologist.
The psychologists stand cats.
Interviewed the alleged victim and his younger brother through a quest of the family's lawyer.
According to the report, the boy's brother told cats that not only did Jackson serve the boy's booze,
but at least two occasions, Jackson's legs victims passed out.
ABC News is learned.
Well, that's when it gets even better when it passed out.
The report says the alleged victim's younger brother told cats he saw Jackson touch his brother,
a 12-year-old cancer patient, inappropriately when he was passed out.
Jackson was charting December, we know that, we know this, we know that.
Because the alleged victim's younger brother was only nine years old at the time,
his age could pose a problem for the prosecution.
The defense would be in a very strong position to cross examine, underbind the testimony of a nine-year-old child,
so Linda Ferrstein, a sex-crime prosecutor, another yet-sounding name.
What was the first one?
Stan Katz and Linda Ferrstein.
You see a pattern here?
Katz also told Santa Barbara Police that the boy's told him Jackson once did not come from a naked for a moment,
as they were watching TV.
He was letting it all hang out.
According to the report, the alleged victim also told cats that Jackson gave him a laptop computer
and surf the internet with him for pictures of naked women.
And according to the boy, Jackson said if anyone should ask what they were doing,
you should say they were watching the Simpson.
Oh no!
How do you like that for an excuse, huh?
Let's play it guys then.
We're just watching the Simpson's.
It's a very sick company of men!
Okay, it's doesn't.
The younger brother also alleges that Jackson played with a mannequin of an eight- or nine-year-old girl
and the sexist suggested matter in front of the boys.
If that's something, just a little more to add, but I should hold the fire, all right?
I don't think they're going to convict him or nothing.
I do.
You do? Well, I'm just hoping.
Anyway, I got some bad news.
In fact, I know a CNN is pruning these pool numbers around her again.
It goes to show you the American people don't ever underestimate these stupidity of the American public
because no matter how much crap comes out, no matter how we find out that Bush is lied and lied and lied through his teeth,
it doesn't make any difference.
And I'm going to say it again.
I was telling them up, Maister, before to show this more.
I got into kind of a pseudo-electural conversation about the politics and stuff in the American people.
Look at that map.
Look at that electoral map of 2000.
You know the moment they stole the election?
Take a look at the blue states and the red states.
When you look around the edges, the periphery of the country.
California or Oregon, Washington on the West Coast.
And then you look at the East Coast.
You've got New England, New York, Pennsylvania, maybe a little in the Midwest, Michigan, Illinois,
and then like Maryland, Delaware, and then at that point, you kind of like Chapatol off.
You know what I'm saying?
You've got to say that people with a brain in those areas, and the rest of the country is basically Mugwamville,
including most of Florida, including like I said, all of, I mean, most of Florida.
Right?
Mugwamts, red necks, uneducated Yahoo's, Newport, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma, Indiana.
Oh, what is it? Iowa, Nebraska, Utah, Wyoming.
That would be anybody out there.
North Dakota, South Dakota, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee.
This is Mugwamville.
I mean, it's collective, I assume, of all of those states put together.
Not true, man.
Right. That's my best estimate, my best guess, when you say.
So that might be a compliment.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's the bad news.
President Bush's lead over to the crack.
Well, of course, Kerry's got plenty of baggage from himself.
He's, I don't know. He scares me.
Been so weak lately, just weak, you know?
Firstly, went on to vacation, then they came back and it's been downhill from there.
President Bush's lead over John Kerry is widened a bit in the latest USA.
They see it in Gallup, pulled despite two weeks that I'm dominated by a deteriorating security situation in Iraq
and criticism of his administration's handling of the terrorism 3, 4, 9, 11.
The survey taken Friday through Sunday, this past weekend, shows Bush leading Kerry 51 to 46% among likely voters,
slightly wider than the 3.0, he held in early April.
The shifts that were in the, that's with an F.
The shifts were within the margin of error plus minus 4 points of the sample.
The president's job of approval rating was steady at 52%.
Amalists in both parties say the lack of movement underscores how polarized the electorate is.
Seven months before election day, they say most people's minds are made up.
I don't think anything boring a major calamity or some sort will have much of an impact between how in November,
independent pollster, Arab John Zagbi says.
The nation is split down the middle.
The new Zagbi international pool taken over the weekend so Kerry ahead 47 to 44%,
virtually unchanged from early April.
Bush's strongest advantage over Kerry is handling terrorism by 2 to 1.
Those surveys say only Bush would do a good job handling terrorism.
By nearly as much, 40 to 26%, they say only Bush would do a good job handling Iraq.
Oh, he's done a beautiful job so far.
Oh my god, how can you top this?
Like when he asked him at the press conference, well who we're going to be handing Iraq over to?
He said somebody, anybody wants to take the keys? Well, here you go.
Just so we can get out.
By 40 to 26%, they say Bush would do a better job handling Iraq than Kerry.
But Kerry holds the advantage when it comes to the economy.
36 to 30% vote to say only Kerry would do a good job handling an economy.
And it's just a trial of crap.
Because as usual, we're faced with two political parties that are non-responsive to the public.
Two political candidates who are weak at best in competent edwers and et cetera and so on.
I say Michael Moore for prison.
Just eventura for prison and fair.
That's what I say.
Somebody with some balls, what a ticket.
Michael Moore for prison and just eventura for the old VP.
And then you'll see them wrestle with their conscience.
Catch my drift?
Yeah, I got it.
Catch this.
How sad.
Every single time.
Where do these people come from?
Even I'm this was so many.
They were.
Remember we were a little bit dead man.
And he had a good point.
Where do these people come from?
The Jimmy Carter's of the world, the Gerald Ford's of the world, the Dick Nixon's of the world.
The George W.
And by the way, the thing about he talked to the wrong that line with Bob Lueber.
Right.
What a shot that was a daddy.
Because back in the election in 88, the Winfactor was supposed to cost him the election.
And of course then the Democrats as usual found an even wimpier guy, Michael Ducaca.
Yeah, but he did what is, huh?
It looks and doing, but they got it.
They found the only wimpier guy in America than George Boor senior and that was Michael Ducaca.
But that was the hell of a shot.
If he wants a strong leader, a strong father to talk to, it's yours how it wasn't George Herbert Walker Bush.
Who was too busy being a professional wimp?
Well, there's Colin Powell.
Somehow plan was presented to Prince Bander.
It was.
That I was not so nice.
It's just flat.
Wrong.
No.
It was your line again.
How come they keep priding him out to keep, you know, refuting him, refuting him, refuting?
What a liar.
What a sellout man.
Ruling Colin Powell, the number one sellout in the universe.
Fire.
George W.
This is Max.
Where's his next call?
You way in.
From the director of Kill Bill Volume 2.
Three in the name?
A Mary.
Dr. Phil Star is in.
I'm coming for you.
Kill Bill.
And let me tell you something.
Lighty, listen to me.
You're not worth a damn.
I'm tired of your advice.
You scared us.
She's a bit, Dr. Phil.
You want to piece of me?
Kill Bill.
I mean, that seems to me to be incredibly mean spirit.
What do you know?
You fat bulb.
That's very important.
I don't see Alfred Histakhan a pull.
Let me look.
You see it on there, Josh?
I'm looking right now.
I thought I'd put it on there.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
When I pick a book, I stick it out like you always had.
You would think.
I bet she's going to pop up any second.
I'm putting them on right now.
There you go.
She's talking to her teeth again.
5.6.7.
5.6.7.5.6.
50.5.60.
18 and T.
And for I.
J. Wireless line.
Mad dogs, you managed to do the hopper.
The Hebrew hammer at four.
Oi!
Who loves Wayne Newton?
6.30.
You got the Marlins on deck.
705.
The Marlins that they fill up your fillings.
Who have been sticking the joint out.
Eddie K. follows the baseball game.
Don't forget my close personal friend.
That's absolutely important.
Any morning along with the Goli.
The squeaky one.
Followed by Joe Rose at eight o'clock, we think.
Let's see.
Let's get some more names on this.
I don't think it's very impressive.
No, it's a week.
I mean, there's a lot of well-known people on here.
But the most important entertainer of the 20th century.
I'll give you one I start on there.
How about Charlie Chaplin?
That's right.
You got it?
Got it.
How about Rudolf Valentino?
Whatever.
No?
Seriously.
Big, big, big, silent movie star, man.
Huge.
It was huge.
How about some other people from back in the day?
From the book.
Well, that's the 20th century.
I hate to break the news to you, Whitburst Napier.
But the 20th century wasn't just about the freaking Beatles and Pat Boone, okay?
Laughin.
Pat Boone on their clear.
No, I get out of here.
Lawn Cheney Senior.
Why not?
What about Lawn Cheney Junior?
He was the Wolfman.
How about the Wolfman?
How about Wolfman Jack?
Uh, uh, uh, Pat for the Wolfman.
Anybody ever make a song about Lawn Cheney Senior?
No.
No, but type for the Wolfman.
They made a song about Lawn Cheney Junior and it will be their end-game song.
Who's that?
Lawn Cheney.
The both of them.
How about the cousin Brucey?
Five six, yeah, but I don't know how to start throwing these names around because, uh, Josh will start putting some of money.
Alfred Hitchcock, I bet you got on there.
You think?
So some people might say he's not an entertainer, but I would say, uh, huh?
Of course he is.
The director's got to be an entertainer.
He don't have any votes yet, out of 257.
Look at all the people that don't have any votes yet.
Since he, your Steve Allen doesn't have any votes.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
Oh, brother.
Holy cow.
Oh my god.
That votes for Steve Irino.
What is wrong with you people, man?
Now, Louis Nia, that guy was fine.
Five six, seven, oh five, 60.
Look at all the great people on that show.
Tom Poston, Don Nott's, Dayton Allen.
What?
In fact, he said that before, uh, Bill Tanner said it, Dayton Allen.
And he better watch it because you are in the tender building.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, Dale, I got a guy for the poll, uh, who's not too old, and is already dead.
Uh, Bob Marley.
I mean, he might not be the greatest, you know, of all time, but he was great.
Don't apologize now.
Yeah, Bob.
He had tremendous influence on, uh, dope smokers all over the world.
Well, not just because of that, but hey, listen, one other thing though,
because you were talking about Duke bag.
You want to wait, I mean, because even the happy audience already probably knows from the, you know, from the other guys,
they're right now in your, uh, co-tail.
Yeah, uh, a dish rag.
I like Duke bag better.
Do you really?
It's more original.
Okay.
Thanks, pal.
Later.
I like the bag part, at least you got some IV and dish rag.
That was a rick-rolly thing anyway, right?
Remember that?
Talk about writing down the co-tails.
The ronic came up with that.
Don't be a dish rag.
That's, that's weak.
It's weak like a, like a limp dish rag.
Is what that is?
Week.
But Duke bag.
That's got some punch to it, right?
Yeah, that's right.
These are real Duke bag.
Now, what are we going to use for the S bag?
Oh, come up with something.
Something will happen.
Something will pop up.
How about a stumbled bum bag?
Don't like a swag bag.
What does that mean?
It means a swag.
What is that?
What the hell is that?
Slag.
It sounds like a swag.
It's a slag.
You're pardon?
Tross.
That wasn't on there.
I understand, but just watch it now.
You have to leave several seconds.
Fuck good, man.
In between solobles, because otherwise they're going to put part A with part Z in the
Dotsie, don't leave no evidence.
A little friendly advice there for you, Charlie.
56670560.
On 560.
Don't tell people the real name.
AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I got a name for you.
Okay.
Jackie Gleason.
Jackie Gleason is already on there.
Not here.
It's wrong with you, man.
Quit looking at them.
Newty pictures on it.
I should mention again.
We got, uh, who we got?
Maryl Heningway.
See.
On there today.
I didn't really look at the picture all that well.
We can't really get any of that.
We'll do something for you.
No, it won't do nothing for me.
I just want to critique.
I have excellent taste.
Even you admit that.
I got pretty darn good taste.
What is the nothing wrong with that picture?
It's a little, although I do like the one of Cole and Paula.
It needs much better.
It is certainly much more pornographic.
I don't know.
Her breast leave me kind of limp.
Oh, seriously, it's not really, I don't know, to me.
And what do I know?
It's not really what you call for your erotic picture.
I don't know what I mean.
I'm not saying it's bad, but it's certainly not as erotic as some of the other ones we've had on there.
Oh, they can't just, huh?
They can't all be.
It'll do.
They can't.
No, I'm not knocking it.
See how you get into the fence if it's fine.
But it's not like what I would call a really erotic like, uh, whatever.
5.67.0560.560 on the 18 and T.
We're going to give Josh his first assignment on our website.
He's going to be fighting naked pictures of, um, Johnny Depp.
Right.
For those Johnny Depp friends off the bread.
Yeah, my computer just broke.
I see.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
What about, uh, Lenny Bruce?
Lenny Bruce is a magnificent choice, especially during these trying times in which we live.
When you agree?
Indeed.
Oh, poor Lenny Bruce.
They, uh, tortured and just destroyed him.
They killed him literally and figuratively.
They destroyed him in every possible way.
Because he had co-horns and you're not supposed to have any balls in America.
You're supposed to just go step in the line.
Lenny Bruce.
Eslan choice, pal.
WQM.
Hello.
Yeah.
I think you guys are missing the boat on, on profanity and the worst words in the English language
are based on the guys sitting in the White House, the resident and the vice-resonant.
And I think boy, bush, dick is like the worst thing that you could say about anything.
And it's totally described what's going on here to every American in the country.
Okay, thank you.
I have no idea what it is.
No, it's like Dick Cheney.
Kill 20 seconds, uh.
Did, did.
But it made him happy.
He got out of the system.
He's pissed off and fired up.
And I'm glad that he's pissed off and fired up.
And you want to know why?
Pissed off.
He's fired up when I hear someone say that.
Yeah, see, I like that plus the fact we can still say that, which is one of the very few things we can say.
WQM, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Uh, boy George.
Boy George is the most important entertainer of the 20th Century.
Uh.
This guy's most off, pal.
This guy's most off.
Stop typing, Josh.
Did you really put that on there?
No.
Yeah, he did.
Boy George.
He was up for these pieces together there, boy George and all of a sudden all of these
things.
They're really wondering about what's going on over there.
5.6705.60.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Yeah, hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I got one for you.
Jack Nicholson.
Jack Nicholson is a fabulous choice.
How about that?
What about Paul McCartney?
He's got the gentleman over there.
Paul McCartney is fine.
How about that?
What about Paul McCartney?
He's got the gentleman over there.
Paul McCartney is fine.
Nobody else mentioned him.
Right.
He's up liver or something.
See, John Lennon is like a state of mind and I like John Lennon just fine.
He wrote a lot of great stuff and yaddy-yaddy but you know, Paul McCartney people don't
put this in category, especially since he recorded all that crap later on.
See, John Lennon didn't live long enough to record all that crap later on, but Paul McCartney
did.
Yeah.
So we'll put Paul McCartney on there along with whatever else he said.
What do you say?
Paul McCartney.
No, he said something before that.
Jack Nicholson.
How can you leave him off there?
Who is the most important entertainer of the 20th century?
Now, time magazine, not to be outdone with their own stupidity, this is the thing they were
doing and now all of a sudden they've got a special issue this week, April 26th, the
100, the lives and ideas of the world's most influential people.
This is not of the 20th century.
See, now they're taking it to another level which we're not going to do this because this
one is really ponderous.
And who they got on here?
They got the W of course.
They got Condoleezza.
Condoleezza.
Please, please.
They got Sean Penn.
Sean Penn?
I mean, I like Sean Penn.
He's a fine actor, but when you put Sean Penn on a list of anything, of good actors.
Steve Jobs.
Meg Whitman, Police Scott, Lindsey Owen Jones, Dreams of Beauty.
Oh, this is a war and buffet.
He's kind of entertaining.
Kofi Annan, Kim Zhrong-Eel.
These are the most of the powerful day of whatever they are.
I'm sorry I mentioned it.
So that's one we're not going to be doing under any circumstances.
So what song do you think was the worst?
I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 7, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8,
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8,
I'm a muffle like me sitting next.
Like the most important entertainer of the 20th century was Terry Jacks.
Right?
Seasons of the Sun.
The most important entertainer of the 20th century was we built this city.
See where I'm going with this?
And then of course, now you know who else we didn't put on here yet.
Let me give you a clue.
Absolutely.
Come on.
I told you right at the get-go man.
I said let's get him on there every day.
Is he an entertainer?
Well, relatively speaking.
Mm-hmm.
Technically.
In addition to which this was the 20th century because the rumor I'm here and when I'm
starting right now is that he was highly entertaining before he came to Florida.
But once he got came by the jets and the vux and the Celtics and everybody else, he became
somewhat less entertaining in case you haven't noticed.
And I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA,
and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA,
and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA,
and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA,
and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA,
and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, but I'm from LA,
I'm from LA, and in my cubed opening, I'm from LA, and I'm from LA,
and in my cube opening, I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA, and I'm from LA?
Yeah. Anyway, I notice Josh is working against you.
Remember how bad I'd have to shape you that when I said Steve Allen just to show you a
finger to his gut Steve Allen there not once but twice.
That's not a clever enough.
Then I'll get a lower vote that way.
Now how can we have, it's already noon.
How can we have done this pull this long and you know you think of each category when
it comes to entertainment, music, movies, television.
Who was known as Mr. Television who is not on our pool?
Let me say it again.
Who was known as Mr. Television?
I'm thinking.
Some old guy.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Did.
Oh my god.
All those old guys are dressed up.
Oh my god.
That's everybody.
Milton Perl.
Oh Uncle Milton.
Good.
Gally Miss Molly.
Man, you punks, you don't know from us.
Wrong hit.
You should know.
Wrong hit.
Although I guess you can't hit about that anymore.
You can't even elude to it.
No, you cannot.
About how he was big in the business.
He was the big and was a giant driver and said, Subrumbria, Him and Warren Beatty.
560-705-60, 0.560 on a AT&T line.
I don't know if I want to play that thing right now.
It's a few minutes.
Because once I play that thing from Larry King last night with Bob Woodward and the Prince,
that'll be the end of us.
I mean, you'll see.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, how about the one that was most influential?
Jack.
Jack Par was fabulous and he just croaked too.
Yep, because you wouldn't have had everybody to roll out after that to late night entertain.
That's the little link of Rex.
That's the little link of Rex.
Thanks for reminding us.
Thanks.
Bye.
Jack Par, you just died and we forgot about him already.
That's bad.
That's what we tend to do that.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Jack Par.
At least you'll agree with that.
I don't know if they will or either.
No, I don't know if they'll have the right story.
You don't know about the Charlie Weaver and about Alexander King.
And about all the ability, good, and all the great guests you had on it.
You just had to wait up.
Sensational show.
So much more fun than that.
I mean, like Jay Leno, no wonder America's got somebody.
I blame Jay Leno for all the olds at America today.
It's just, it's what I really do.
It's his fault.
I mean, at least some people are watching the, what's the show to late show?
The Comedy Central.
Oh, the Daily Show.
The Daily Show.
John Stewart.
Yeah.
At least they're watching that.
To get kind of a convoluted idea of something going on in the world like the President's
and more on stuff like that.
More on.
That's the word.
But other than that, I mean, if they're going to turn to Jay Leno to find out what comedy is about,
about what life is all about.
Here's the guy that's stood up there and sucked Arnold Schwarzenegger's leg right there.
I mean, disgusting.
It is Scrake.
And then when he wins that election out there because Merck had never met a celebrity they
didn't become obsessed with.
He introduces him.
I thought that that was about the tackiest thing ever seen in my life.
Jay Leno sucked it up to ald.
Man.
Maybe Arnold's the most important entertainer of the 20th century.
That's why he's the governor of California.
Let's give it a try.
Let's put it on her and see if Fajash can spell Schwarzenegger.
And be careful how you spell that.
You got that other actor governor on there, don't we?
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, Bush.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello, V.A.M.
Yes, sir.
I think I have one for you.
You're the acting governor, yes?
Hello.
Okay.
Couldn't hear him because I was talking.
See, it goes to show him my second powers again.
I couldn't even hear him but I was talking over him because I had a feeling with some blood
plug, some anvil, some duke bag.
Well, practice is nice, perfect.
You have to keep using these words over and over again so they slide right out as opposed
to some of the ones that stood right out yesterday.
And we had to like, like that.
Well, that's just the way it is.
Just the way we speak and now we have to like turn the clock back, you know.
I mean, we just wanted to daylight saving time to turn the clock ahead, but now we have to
make up for it and then so we got to turn the clock back to the dark ages.
Oh, you know what I saw?
What you love, it's really funny.
What did you say?
It was a documentary.
It's a movie, but it's a movie about the twist.
It's like a documentary on the twist.
I would love to see that.
It was funny.
And then they showed a clip of Dwight Eisenhower 1962.
No, it just been, I mean, he was 52 or 60, it was a present to terms.
Here is the former president of the US making an impassioned commentary.
I have nothing personal against the twist, but I have to wonder what's happened to our
collective morality and our sense of decency.
I mean, they carried on about the twist, the twist, like it was the end of society, like
we'd go to hell on a hand casket.
The twist, right?
I mean, it's no test.
And this was the early 60s and here we are all of this time later and we're being just
dragged kicking and screaming back into the Stone Age by a bunch of religious crazy people.
Just like that.
Nobody QAnne, hello?
Yeah, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil, a new word for you.
Trump bag.
Trump bag's not bad.
I like it.
Thanks.
Oh, by the way, speak of Trump bag.
Can you play the bit where a Trump fires a bush?
No, but could you play it too often?
Well, I'm going to play it right now just because he said Trump.
Tonight of the apprentice, the George W. is called to the boardroom.
So it comes down to a candidate with a high school diploma who has led well, but is
often a loose cannon.
This is a tough choice.
Actually, this is the toughest choice I've had to make.
The reality is, George, you're dealing with multi-billion dollar businesses here.
The consequences of hiring a live wire like you could be costly and devastating.
And I have to say, if I...
Oh no, my dad is no human.
Hey, human have a chance.
What are you just four more years?
I saw a wrong.
Just give me four more years.
Go ahead.
No.
There you go.
See, I never liked Donald Trump until that moment.
But now I like him a lot better.
56670560.
0560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
I'm doing great.
You forgot my favorite energy entertainer.
Janet Davidson.
56650.
I love when they turn the radio red up like that.
Isn't that great?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, listen, if we're going to put Janet Davidson, what about Ron Popeye?
What about Ron St. John?
What about Ron Gier.
What about Peter North?
Come on, let's clean up your act a little bit, okay, Pally?
Well, I got that story about how they're using condoms now.
For his Ron Gier, McIpsen, who follows on the other night, rubbers.
She kept saying condoms and he kept saying rubbers.
This is if he could be a little over-the-line.
His puppet was over-the-line.
The H.R.Y.
The Upwick and the San Fernando Valley-based adult film industry last week raised concerns
about risky sex practices when unprecedented level among performers, producers, and health
experts with some advocating the need for government regulation.
Dozens of production companies in the multi-billion dollar adult film industry shut down after
actor Darren James tested positive for H.R.Y.V. on Monday.
Actress Laura Rocks, 22, one of the 14 million he worked with after March 17, when he tested
negative, subsequently tested positive, as well as, as well, and about 55 people at
quarantine because of potential exposure.
Sharon Mitchell, a founder and executive director of the Adult Industry Medical Healthcare
Foundation in Sherman Oaks, said the industry's spectacular profits, aided by the Internet
and cable TVs reaching the mainstream America, have led to increasingly risky sexual practices
without using condoms without-
Oh my God!
Which the Pope I guess would be happy about that one day?
That's right.
It should be applauding them.
Right.
The industry's annual revenue is estimated to be in the 9-13 billion dollar range that's
annually.
It's the Wild West cowboy.
It's the last frontier to escape regulation, Mitchell, said it's chief to be a porn star.
Dr. Peter Current, director of the Central Transmitted Disease Program for the LA Come to
Department Health Services, said, regulations won't drive the big boys underground.
You don't live in fear of what could be driven underground.
Currents that official take the outbreak seriously and see unsafe practices in the adult film
industry, exposing health dangers to the general population.
We're concerned about this because it has the potential to uncheck the spread rapidly
of their partners apart from the industry partners, yada yada.
So there you go.
So let's go on by a few grows of condoms and ship them out to the San Fernando Valley.
What do you say?
No.
Oh.
560-705-60, Tom 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Line 9 is ringing.
QAM, hello.
Yes sir.
Someone's waiting for me before my time.
So my parents used to watch him as the chief of the heat hot watchers.
But George Burns.
George Burns, there you go.
He's dead.
And also last week I trudged down to the cable to move on.org meeting.
Right.
And basically it's something that you and I and the other states, air-Americans talk about
which is we've got to get together and get this guy out.
You know, they're saying, you know, Ralph Nader's a great guy.
You know, hasn't sold a straight kit.
But we have to do what's good for the common goal, which is to get push out of office
and to have an overwhelmingly vote because you know there's going to screw with this election again.
So it's all moving in everything else.
Yes sir.
All right, have a good one.
And you too.
He's calling these homes at the health of death or something.
Sound like that.
That's a little bit.
I think he might be taking captive right now talking that kind of trap there.
Better watch it, pal.
He may never see this guy again.
12 minutes fast.
0.560 W.
They're saying, were they all Connor?
Oh boy.
What a dark day.
What a bitch.
Yeah, what a nasty bitch.
We're an infinite and scaly and parents token town is those three.
Just set him on a perpetual holiday somewhere.
Just get him out of our face.
I wonder how long it's going to take to get to the end.
It's going to take years to get this thing to the Supreme Court where they broadcast all this crap.
That's the problem.
In the meantime, what?
Exactly.
In the meantime, all we can say is and hope for the best.
They don't hope for the best when you're mattress whereas I'll get you the best mattress deal going anywhere from our friends at the highlight because they don't lie to you like the other guys out there.
Here's an example of a kind of foamy agency all the time.
Open up your newspaper is a big, big fat, ed full page maybe with a headline that says no down payment.
No interest, no payments for 24 months.
But then the tiny teeny print at the bottom of the page reads are getting cyclopedia of disfambers which makes the whole add a farce.
For example, it says requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sale price.
Many times, not a single advertiser would even qualify for financing.
Interest families 21% or more.
Choppers who need financing the most rarely even qualify.
So forget about it because dial amatricads have no tiny print, no disfambers.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you'll discover there is never an extra charge for same date labor either.
Dial amatricads take same date orders all day long every day from Kindle to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And when you call 1-800-Mattress, you pick the date in two-hour delivery window.
You want your mattress delivered and it'll be there like from noon to 2-1-3-2-4 etc. and they show up on time.
So call right now you'll see for yourself why I've used these folks for years.
It's a piece of cake to order a great new name brand mattress and an unbeatable price.
Dial amatricads rank number one overall customer satisfaction.
And they reminded me to read that fine print because they much you'd know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them which I can't even imagine.
So do the smart thing call 1-800-Mattress or log on to their website mattress.com.
Dial amatric 1-800-MATTRES is smart the honest way to get you whatever it is a great new brand.
And log this is Ford's real fighting.
Fans of Michael Jackson are taking the caravan of log on the road.
The land of Isaac cities all over America to show their support for the king of the past.
I'm being shipped from KWO and Wichita Gazes alongside my broadcast partner Elizabeth Taylor.
Maybe sure is a beautiful day for brain.
Exactly couldn't have said it better myself.
Let's turn our attention to the caravan.
Oh here comes the llama flow.
Beautifully designed by the local sex offenders wing at the same tentative entry.
Here's our uncanny to the children.
The whole of those kids can't get too close while they're down.
There's many can describe the many flowers used in the designs of this magnificent flower.
As a fairy as a born nature that mulled into a thousand demon.
You sure paint a picture Liz.
Thank you.
And here's the pamphlets telecubbies flow.
What should I say but Tinky Winky may have the wrong nickname right Liz?
I can't believe I have that one.
Oh here comes the blue.
There's the Brooks Hills blue.
The Shambles.
While the body of manual Lewis blue.
And the McCauley Cuckin blue.
And the mighty Eiffel Blue.
No expense has been spared.
And Liz here comes your blue.
Oh yeah, what a huge flame.
And the love of the day.
Yes it is.
Let's go down to our special cards.
Finally on this tree.
Tito Jackson.
Tito.
Inexicipators.
One of my favorite kids.
The Tom's Need and Santa Barbara prosecutor.
Rotten health.
Expecting.
Reggie Tito will be right back after this one.
Carabin of love.
Coming to the city.
Here you call 18 and 560 W2.
I'm happy to do two.
So I got another suggestion for a fool.
I you're not gonna like it.
That's the reason I play that.
Nobody wants to admit it.
Michael Jackson.
Here you go.
Why would I argue with that?
Well you wouldn't but most people say we don't want to say that.
I mean embarrassing.
You know even objectionable human beings can be more of a talent.
Right.
And look how many Ziggin records he sold.
And how many times he was like all over the place.
Everywhere you look.
He was rubbing his crotch and acting like a real jackass.
The most important entertainer.
I think he qualifies as much as he is like Bing Crosby.
Right.
I mean how many Bing Crosby records can you name?
See what I'm saying?
What you like to swing that over.
Yeah that's all I know.
Because it was a little bit of a bit.
And true love.
Grace Kelly and Bing Crosby on Caval records.
Okay.
And I didn't remember the lyrics.
So he's just a long time ago.
But anyway, Michael Jackson.
We have to put it on there.
We say with great dismay and we apologize ahead of time.
Now can I play that a little segment from last night, Larry King?
Could you would you?
With Prince Bander.
And Bob Lerner was on for the hour.
But I don't want to play the whole thing as that would be.
Ponderous and repetitive.
But when Prince Bander called in, I thought it was like great to TV is what it was.
Pretty revealing.
We have made the connection with us on the phone.
Is Prince Bander of Saudi Arabia?
Who wants to go first?
Well, Bob, do you hear Bob OK, Prince?
Have you read the book in Banciter?
No, but I had a snippet of it.
The parts pertaining to you and there seems to be
some contention about this meeting January 11th in the White House.
You know, Don Rumsfeld is on record saying he looked you in the eye and said,
you can take this to the bank in Banciter.
This is going to happen in the this is the war point.
And that-
A lot of responses.
Yes, Bob.
Prince is that true.
Larry, number one, Bob Woodward is a first-class journalist.
And reporter.
And I am number two.
And number two, I will never contradict Bob Woodward.
OK, number three.
And number three is what he said is accurate.
However, there was one sentence that was left out.
And that is, both five President Cheney and Secretary Rumsfeld told me
before the meeting that the President has not made a decision yet,
but he is the plan and then the rest is accurate.
Then why would they say you can take this to the bank?
It's going to happen.
And then as I understand it, the Vice President said,
when this starts, Saddam is toast.
Is that correct?
That is absolutely correct, but underlined when?
Because my response was, last time we tried this,
we left Saddam in place.
And I don't think anybody in the Middle East would like to try this again
if Saddam would stay in place.
And that's the rest of the story.
So, what we were saying, when accurate, except that I was informed
that the President has not made a decision yet.
But then why would they have the meaning to contradict
what you're saying in Ambassador?
And you've not read the transcripts of my interview with the President
and the President said to you that the message they sent to you
was his message.
This is, you know, is everyone new?
There was extensive planning going on for war.
Why would they have this meaning to tell you a maybe?
Doesn't make sense.
Because the whole aspect is that the President said,
if I made the decision this plan will, you can take it also
to the bank like what Mr. Ramsel said.
Remember, Bob, I was briefed by Secretary of Defense, Dick Cheney
and by General Powell about plan 1001.
And at that time, we were not sure if this was for the first goal.
Or not.
Right.
Right.
But they didn't tell you, you can take this to the bank.
This is going to happen.
I, you know, if we were to get out of this,
yes, yes, you're this way, French Band-Off.
Yes.
Asked it at meaning.
Did you think they were going to war?
I was, to be honest with you, not sure,
but I was, my gut feeling was telling me that
it's a damn thing.
There's not respond the right way.
Yes, they were going to go to war.
But I can must emphasize that this is January.
Between January and March, everybody emphasized to me
that they want to go to the UN.
They want to try all other venues.
But if a damn does not respond positively,
then they have to be ready.
I think this president was thinking, I cannot bluff.
And President Johnson always, I was told, said,
don't tell a fellow to go to hell unless you intend to send him there.
And I think President Bush was intent to send to them to hell.
If he does not respond.
Are we getting one more thing, Prince Band-Off?
Yes, sir.
The story that Mr. Woodward has about the promise to lower
the oil prices by the election.
Your government has been on my story.
I mean, what I say in the book is that the Saudis,
and maybe you looked at this section of the book, Ambassador,
that the Saudis hoped to keep oil prices low during the period
for, before the election because of its impact on the economy.
That's what I say.
I think the way that Bob said it now is accurate.
We hoped that the oil prices will stay low because that's good
for America's economy.
But more important, it's good for our economy and international economy.
And this is not nothing unusual.
President Clinton asked us to keep the prices down in year 2000.
In fact, I can go back to 1779.
President Carter asked us to keep the prices down to avoid the malaise.
So yes, it's an hour interest and an America's interest to keep the prices down.
Do you want President Bush to be reelected?
We always want any person to be reelected Larry,
but that is the American choice.
This is not our call.
This is the American people's call.
Okay, I think we've paid all that.
Could I just go back on this?
But, Prince Vander, why would the President tell me on the record two days later
that he called Colin Powell in and said he had decided on war?
This was a 12-minute meeting.
I went through this for some time with the President.
And then the President would ask Powell, will you be with me?
And Powell said, I will be with you, I will support the war.
And then the President said to former General Powell,
now Secretary of State Powell, time to put your war uniform on.
I know that Powell left that meeting saying he's going to do it.
He had made that decision.
And you look at what Rumsfeld has said and others,
and if you may be aware, there might be tape recordings that would show
that the version I have is the accurate one.
What's going on here?
But I believe Secretary Powell, flash General Powell,
response that's not surprising to me.
He's a very loyal soldier and a statement.
And I believe he puts a lot of weight on loyalty,
and he disdain this loyalty.
Therefore, I believe if your count is accurate,
which I have no reason to discount it,
that Secretary Powell told the President his views.
Once the commander of chief made his mind up,
General Powell, Secretary Powell decided it's the right thing to support the commander in chief.
Oh man, talk about verbal gymnastics, how to speak?
Exactly.
There was a little print spandard, we're learning King Lice Nine and Bob Woodward.
Read the book, 27 after noon in 560 WQM,
he heard about the big demand in the high-potential for computer professionals.
And he wondered if this career is for you?
Well, here's your chance because fast-rain is hosting a free one-hour seminar
in computers and networking tomorrow night at both the Miami and Fort Lauderdale campuses.
That's absolutely correct, learned basic PC troubleshooting and networking absolutely free.
Seeding for this free computer seminar is limited, so pick up that phone and call toll-free 1-866 fast-trained.
I'll attend the east of the free seminar, we'll get a diagnostic tool at no charge.
Call fast-trained right now at 1-866 fast-rain to reserve your spot.
And if you decide that a new high-paying career is in your future, fast-trained really can't have your train ready for that new job in just four short months.
By the end of the summer you can be doing it.
Check them out on the web at fast-trained.com and make that call and be sure to reserve your seat for tomorrow night at 3-7-hour call 1-866 fast-trained.
All the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all
all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life and all the life nall makers
all the life and all the lives man and all the life man back into the power of goodness life and all the life man guy
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up back a stain
Now get a knee to nuclear dance
Why don't you stop with seafood and we'll blow up back a stain
Okay, boom, boom
And we'll remember that the Saudi will be next to the stain
In fact, we can use Pakistan as an example
And say, hey, guess what? Laundry heads, see what we just did over here?
Well, you're next, unless you cut the crab
Just when did that kick them out?
Let them take their money, let them take all the billions they got
Go off to the French Riviera, live a nice good life, and we'll just hook up to the pumps
There you go, there you go
Just take our hose and the do-go-hose job on the Saudi sounds good to me
5-6-7-0-5-6-6-6-6, I don't see Mohawar David on here
Absolutely
If you're sitting over, I'm dry, I'm dry, I'm dry, I'm sure
Do you get emotionally carried away?
Must have thought you were joking
Mohawar David, not the most important entertainer of the 20th century
You better get with it, man
Mohawar David, he belongs on our pool
Elvis has got 93, Bobhawk 57
How about Bill Haley?
Okay, I'm here
See, because these pumps, they think that Elvis invented rock and roll of course he did not
Bill Haley, and it is Comits
In fact, where do you think they got that name?
Haley's Comit
And Comit Surace
Elvis 93, Bobhawk 57, John Lennon 57, Frank Sinatra 28, C.D.C.
A Cruz 23
Ever see C.D.C.
Cruz
All the time
Up in the Obisca in Boulevard
Elton John 17, Johnny Carson 17, Ronald Reagan 15, Steve Allen 12, Seville is Jr. 11
Charlie Chaplin and Lucille Ball 10-A-Piece
Which I see a lot of similarity there
Don't you think she was like, yeah
In fact, didn't she use to do the thing with a little mustache?
That's right
She did some Charlie Chaplin comedy
Bob Marley's got 9, man
Jackie Gleason 9, Paul McCartney 7
Mick Jagger's got 5
Lennie Bruce 5, Marlon Brando 5
Frankie Lyman's got 4
Oh right, let's hear it for Frankie
Jimmy Stewart 2, Alfred Hitchcock's got a pair
Stevie Toddler's only got 2, that's pathetic
Tom Jones's got 2
Red Scotland 2, Jack Benning 2, one is Book of Brian's
Wayne Newton's got 1, Hank must have voted
Neil Diamond 1, Sid Caesar 1
Jack Nicholson 1, Bing Crosby 1, Jack Parzone 2 got 1 vote
Holy Toledo
Ezra Cleaver would say
Michael Jackson 1 and no votes yet
Milton Burrell
Can you tell me how that's possible?
Punx
No bad, they're voting for a Bing Crosby
All these other old parts
Well maybe it'll take some time
Milton Burrell, Mr. Television has no votes
Arles got no votes, George Burns
Rudolph Valentino
Moe Howard David and he better get going
Absolutely
And Bill Haley have none yet
Out of 416
Thursday is going to be great
Thursday and Friday because we have a
shirt show on Thursday
And we do the search for the worst song
The worst hit song of all time
That's going to be fun
You don't think?
No I don't
Just hoping we could do it tomorrow
How they're going to be
Now tomorrow we're done, that's right
You don't want to be in on that
Too bad
The most important athlete
of the 20th century was what did I do with that?
I'm going to use solid
Which by long distance
I don't know how you did it
I don't know how you did it
I don't know how you did it
The most important athlete of the 20th century
was I only put down Babe Ruth for start
Okay?
Now that's not till tomorrow
So I'll be calling and he was there
Oh I think it was you know
Or I think it was
Or some crap like that
Or Dan Marino
You know they're going to say Dan Marino
You know that
Why doesn't it?
Dan Marino is the most important athlete of the 20th century
How many Super Bowl did Dan Marino win?
Well I know the answer to that
Yeah and the answer is
Right
So how can you be the most important athlete
If you're going to pick a football guy
You might take you a Montana
Inventing a Taro
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 8 5 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey did you know you probably didn't see it but I'm good morning America this morning. Can you see off? I know but they were talking about this rift between Powell and Jamie. Right. So they went they went to Powell and they have some about it and Powell said believe me when we're in the room together we're known as colon and dick. Really?
Yeah and condoleezza then they went to condoleezza and she said yeah. Well let's run off with that. Okay. Thank you. That's very interesting but let's leave it at that. It's funny how all our hands went to the dump button. Exactly. No. I just I just figured that's interesting at that point. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Nobody queue in. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. How are you today? I'm great. Have a suggestion for your poll. Okay. Mel blank.
Okay. Okay. Did comedy social commentary voice of bugs funny. What's not to like? Exactly. Forky pay. Hey stop. There we go. Thanks a lot. That's BLANC to you sir but I don't want to you know be butch boss here Josh but blank. I don't even have spell with a K. Okay. Don't do that anymore. BLANC. Mel blank. He's still dead by the way which is unfortunate because he was serious. Great. We're going to put him under. How about Hans Connery? I'm sorry.
Just a joke. It's just a joke. Hans Connery did some of the voices on Rocky and Bullwinkle. Oh that's right. Am I wrong about that? No you're not. You're right. Pretty sure I'm right. Hans Connery was great. How about Panama and quiz? Am I any ginkgold? Mike Stookie Stookie. What are we all is name was? I do like that peanut butter. He's got the 5 6 7 0 5 60. See I'm cracking under the pressure because we got that big game seven here in Toronto. I have the air Canada center. Hey. Don't look like Matt Sundine's going to be able to give it a go tonight. We'll give it a shot.
Come on Eddie. Boat you up a little bit sweetheart. W.A.M. Hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon to you sir. Um Carol Conner. Carol Conner is a fabulous choice. That'd be good one. Your Archie Bunker is the he's of all all the
characters in TV history. He's probably sticks it sticks it right out. You think? You don't think Carol Connery will talk into the
color. I didn't know you hung up on him. Absolutely a look. He's gone. He said his piece and now he's got to go. He's his
child of ours. Something. He's busy. He's great. I mean we like him a lot. He's not going to do his son is still dead.
Right. 5 6 7 0 5 60. That's not a buggy. Let's fall. He's really sad that hold you know the whole thing away. He
I mean who's such a great guy and in his whole but most of these people. There were too busy being big
celebrities. They never really took care of their families. Most of not all of them. And then
the tragic craft happens. Have you noticed how many how many children of big celebrities just meet their wicked end makes you
wonder in their relationships. They're so good you know their marriages are stable. Right. They meet a bitter end. So
it ain't what it seems to be now. Let me ask you we got the animal coast spot here. We're going to do this live or on the tape.
See him. Live is better. Yeah. Well this is just for when Josh ain't there like see him. Yeah. Or just in case
something had like this run over by truck. See him always have that to remember your buy. Okay. He's immortal.
See him. Yeah. It's a big plus you this such a good job on that one with such enthusiasm. How many takes did that one take?
About third man. 19 to one at five 60 WQ a musket serious now because good news is that the lobster
fest is back at the M. O. Coast for all you people with a big healthy appetite or should we say a big unhealthy appetite?
You know why me by that? Like the beast for example. He's just like June. He's busting out all over just like June
Allison. Bring you to Penn's beast. If you've never been to the M. O. Coast you don't know what you're missing because this isn't just another one of the many Asian
buffets. This is a feast for a king or queen or prince of princess. Believe you me you'll never walk out of there with an empty stomach.
And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there kids six and under each free.
In addition to M. O. Coast still offers all of their sensational mouthwatering delight start out with any of six different kinds of soups.
Have them all shovel them down your pants. Then they've got dozens of delicious on trays like New York strip made order if they're sizzling Asian grill along with a new
Hoonan fish. Enjoy the main lobster, thermometer style Jonah crab oysters on the half shell. And if you still have room shoveling little
that hand far from their new Thai specialties to them. Please keep in mind one of the most important things to
take any of your health. Air moped coast never uses any crap. No MSD no cornstarch. They cook only with cholesterol for
your oils. So it's healthy for you to they were faith each is a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup. They're brand new sushi bar and
course fresh. See them cocktail. And because some of you out there are just unbelievably unsatisfied. Take them out of how much you pick out.
They have a dessert station to if you didn't have room for this it'll be a miracle. But it's worth it because they got bells and
waffles and pies and cakes pastries ice cream even without your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. So if you want a real
pick out if you just in the mood to go and eat your brains out. This is the place you love at emote coast three locations for you.
Sunrise sunny hours. Pembroke finds take the family book in its business lunch and right now if you like and don't forget to fill out a
membership cards and get a monthly newsletter to let our friends do the cooking for you. Take out the library available to call 954 5723822. By the way,
Richard Goldie's call Richard Bigley stands from Toronto way call 954 5723822 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
So rare for working men the tax cut is fair to get my vote I'll have to hit my goal.
The government forgot us again because I know.
The tax has for the rich. Because you know it's a little friendship. But you don't make a hundred grand your purse.
Because the middle class dress for words. Because I should get up in search of right. My job's in India can you tell me why.
And I'm sure you're gonna give it a try. You can't remember it ain't from fly. Congress for me this is the end called.
The tax cut for the rich. Because you know it's a little friendship. But you don't make a hundred grand your purse.
Because the middle class gets the word. Because tax cuts for the rich. And baby pay the poor.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
I'm surprised and disappointed that the behavior isn't that ardently different between Christians and non-Christians.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
The tax cuts for the rich.
Michael Jackson, Mick Jagger, Steve Tyler, anybody else?
I mean Tom Jones is still around but in the twilight of his career.
George Carlin, but he's not recent.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
He's still around.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
