Engrave is funny.
Absolutely.
Sitting at home watching
Whitewater Dale
Talking by how bombs are sealing 95 guard rail
When sudden Lee with a bullet
Tends a dish up onto the screen
Came his partner and bitch of the
East just in to eyewitness news
It's covered no more teen as
And the two live crew will have more details
Coming up at 513 he pulled them from the
stores cuz they so dirty oh
They're so dirty oh they're so dirty
Oh they're so dirty they curse all the time
Oh they're so dirty so so dirty
They're so dirty they curse all the time
Bob had heard the album and he was a
Paul he said thank you Janet Reno
I'm glad that you called we got to take
Us stand against this dirty rhyme
Besides it's really quote to election
Time his Broward judge friend said I
Will not fail ya will send for any
mentions of Janet tell ya they're selling
sex to kids going through
puberty the two live crew yeah they so
dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so
dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time
Oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty
They curse all the time he could crap a butt
To show he had guts the most of the people
said this guy is a plus he read the land of that noise
pollution even though it went against the
Constitution and what did loose do during all
of the job so ten thousand more copies
at club 95 oh right a brand new
more paid it's really perty driving
into the bank cuz he so dirty oh they're so
dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty
they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so
dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time
I don't think this president will know the difference between
Luther Campbell and Glenda Campbell to you or
Campbell soup 1003 and 560 WQM Happy Thursday
to you boy we got a heavy a full plate today you know
what I do although it's half clean now thanks to
poppies for all the food that I didn't get because I'm not
there right all the script understand the
George and Josh both had a gigantic mouthful of
sausage well I had some pizza Josh had the
sausage yeah the big mouthful of sausage
and had a big smile on his pushes what I hear
and anyway we got stuff on that website today
because we want to contribute we want to
contribute to our half of the culture wars that
continue in America at a an escalating pace
which you better take a look at our website today
because it can't be there too much longer
where man in the trenches because evidently
the way it works in America is that if the
FCC doesn't have authorization over something today
Congress will just pass a law regardless of
the first amendment and they'll have control over it
for example they're going to pass a law about
private conversations that you have behind closed doors
and certainly magazines that you read things
that you read in your daily newspaper they're going to be
checking that out and your imagination right and things
that you think about that may be a little bit sub-arosa
verbotent and can do it and the FCC will comment
and stop a heavy fine on your ass
cable may also be targeted and fight against
TV and decency this story is so grotesque
and so unacceptable I got the new vanity fair magazine
in my hand which is about 500 pages long
350 pages of which are ads very glossy ads
with a lot of marginal looking models
male female and some androgenous
but the microtection articles in there
and it's very very long and I don't know whether
I should read it or not or even make an attempt
I get cross private on that
hit the highlights
and I can't do that oh I see it's not the kind of
article that you can really hit the highlights
well we'll see I don't know anyway let's do the
result of yesterday's pull before we do anything else
no even before that what oh nothing you got to
tell the people about the site no before that
oh the Joe Roastering oh that yeah well
it's enough to make your scream
now blockhead there who evidently you know
too much football without a helmet will get to
you has been doing this eight to ten thing
for how many months now about 30 about 30
man a long time has he gotten paid yet
no a dime no a penny no he has to have that contract
has he had that meeting with Greg Reed who runs away
from him down the hall every time he sees him no
now that's fine I mean if Joe wants to continue
working for free we like having a misal eden we like
him a lot it's certainly a nice buffer there
between you and him and us and you know who
absolutely right you know who the molmeister
but it would seem that if you're going to be able to
you know like what I do and mad dog does in the
Humper we all agree on this and I thought the little
dog was going to agree with us too Joe Roaster
but it's one thing to agree with it but you can't
take the money to the bank when they don't give you any of it
and I don't want to tell him what to do far be it
for me the combo can for all of them weeks and weeks
and weeks eight to ten or any other time
especially when I got a full time gig so that I don't need this deal
I would say pay up or buy buy you know I wouldn't just sit around
and well just maybe he's just too much of a nice guy I think that could be it
I could be or maybe a schmuck I don't know what the little
dogs deal in certainly related that maybe he just trust
Greg oh yeah that's one of these days it's a coming
don't we all no I want the money now
anyway here's the deal yesterday we asked what was the most
depressing movie ever made before we get to that
if you go to our website today I promise we won't let you down
today's picture is Angelina Jolie not stark naked
but you certainly get the nips and date nippy right so just nip it in the bud
and you better take a look at these pictures real soon because pretty soon
the FCC's gonna that was the next thing they're gonna do they're gonna have
jurisdiction over the internet don't ask me how but they'll
no finger out of way and of course the thing I like about that Dean and
Janet Jackson picture is that he's screaming yeah and he's got
he's got such a firm hold on that booby-man it looks like it's gonna
like burst any second that's silicone is gonna go spurtin right in his face
which would really be that's right so you got that picture you got
Angelina Jolie and then as if that isn't enough we've got something on
there that'll make you scream see the crews man
and all glory now I don't want to say that when you see that motion that
she's making there it makes you really believe what I've been
turned you for a long time that she's got that big strap on yeah
because she's doing something there besides exposing that breast
exactly so we're gonna lock for you to prove on our website today and of course
take a good look at it because like I said the cultural wars dictate that pretty
soon you won't be able to like even undress with the lights on even just in the
privacy of your home with the doors all locked you won't be able to do that you
won't be able to take a shower unless you weren't like a at least a thong
right more than underwear for everyone you can sing a thong well here's that
picture again a John Kerry a hundred years ago and Jane Fonda then I'm anywhere
near each other but nevertheless this is there is yeah there is way in the back
several words behind but there's Jane Fonda and of course the bottom line of this whole thing
which a lot of assholes in the media seem to be forgetting is a
hennoi Jane turned out to be right and so was Kerry when it came back from
nom that it was an abortion
to me and make him look bad with that with that connection is completely false
we were at a rally for veterans at the same time I spoke Donald Sutherland
spoke John Kerry spoke at the end I don't even think we shook hands of 58,000
kids came back and body bags from Vietnam so who was right now but at any
rate hey wasn't it worth it what was the most depressing movie ever made we
asked yesterday we had a long list this is going to take till midnight to go
through all of these 1329 votes I don't I'm not going to read all the results
I'll only do the double digits I'll start at the bottom Ode to Billy Joe had 10
well momentum had nine kids had nine Seattle I just can't do it go to the website
and look at the results Ode to Billy Joe 10 the pianist had 11 nothing like a
depressing pianist El Norte 12 papy on 12 beaches 12 last American virgin 12
what dreams may come 13 on the beach 13 Bambi 13 oh Bambi don't do it
not just ball 13 Titanic 14 full metal jacket 14 Cooke was nest 15 casual
ease of orange deliverance 15 ghost had 15 love story 16 with Ryan O'Neal
and Ali McGraw and Ray Meland you figure out who he was yet no love story 16
green mile 18 looking for Mr. Good Ranch 18 nagnoia 19 Americanist 3x20 pay
it forward 23 ordinary people 23 voting for Columbine 24 a must see but
depressing because it happens to be true saving Ryan's privates 31 the dear
135 Sophie's choice 48 midnight cowboy 50 terms of endearment 54
filth and alphia 56 midnight Express 59 with George Sarsadia he thought it
was a feel good movie for did leaving Las Vegas 60 old yellow 68 Brian song
even though we spelled it wrong Brian song 107 and Requiem for a dream wins
hand well I was so was fairly close but Requiem for a dream let all the way
to and never but linguistically like Seattle slew
29 or
for
interestingly there were three didn't have any votes running on empty blade
runner and captain crulley's mandolin so I guess the people that call
some of these in they just think I know pewter right right they got no PC or
maybe they just funnest or who the hell ready to try
just make a difference no we don't care because it kills some excellent time
so anyway to kill some excellent time go to that website today and I just I
got to do the break right got a heavy plate today here's today's poll I'll
give it a little preview and see we got to get a lot of names on this list we
want the audience to fill it in not us who do you think is the best recording
artist or group one not ten not a hundred not four thousand not even not
thirty male the bet that's why I underlined best the best one recording artist
or group of the past ten years see we're trying to like modernize somebody
so that we don't get these polls dominated by all parts like me and vocal
Brian and George right now I put down a short list just to get some names on
their over Levine Nelly Frittado Kid Rock outcast outside at Beyoncé because
what the hell saying that she looks good right right she won five Grammys
because she looks good she's a singer no but she looks good okay
probably it's after ten at five sixty wq a m hey guys last time you looked at it
you decided it is just too small it doesn't impress women it certainly doesn't
last as long as it used to we're talking about that paycheck of course so if
you want to do something about it if you want to change the course your life is
on if you don't want to wind up being some kind of a schmuck like Todd
Dreck call this toll free number call fast train at eight six six fast train
and start a brand new high-paying computer career in just four short months
you can be doing it you can have a big fat paycheck even bigger than Joe Rose
because he ain't getting a dime the demand for computer professionals continues
to grow so call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train and with seven
locations around town fast train is bound to have one close by use fast train
offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify and with
a night of weekend classes there was no excuse to be staying in dead end job
no more if you register now you can have that new high-paying career by the
middle of June at the latest so call fast train right now and have a big fat
impressive paycheck before you know it before you can say Todd's a douchebag
call toll free one eight six six fast train or check them out for more info on
their website at fast train dot com
they are
into
but
love
Oh, carry, carry, baby, carry, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, the nominee, baby, the nominee, yeah.
Oh, carry, carry, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, not as crazy as Dean.
Absolutely.
He wants to help us
We're running hard
He wants to help us
Does he have one in his day?
To really kick his tail
He's a baby
He's a baby
He's a baby
He's a baby
So big and tall
He's a baby
He's a baby
We've got 14 entries for our high couples contest
The deadline for our event is 2 o'clock tomorrow
We'll see if they'll come pouring in the ass in
Maybe they'd like to win a trip to Jamaica or to the Bahamas
Whichever one
Or maybe even a dinner at the pizza lock
So they can watch the rumors eat for free
Before we do anything else, this story is just so nauseating
See we really do have a culture war in America now
Make no mistake about it
And when I said even Georgia started to agree with me that maybe the Civil War was a bad idea
I never thought about it
But you're right
It's just a north-south thing
But generally, spicken if you want to draw a line it might not be a bad idea
Between the states where like living and breathing people
People who are living in the 21st century are
And people who are in the inner thaws who are like on their knees praying to God
Although there were plenty of them in Boston yesterday which looks to me is like pretty far in the northeast
Last time I checked, last time I was there at Fanny Will Hall and Quincy Market
But at any rate
So we've got a lot of Bible thumpers all over the US of A
But just generally speaking again, this culture war between the end of the thought Bible thumping hypocrites
It's out of control
And all this fury and hysteria, I mean it's just out of it's mind is what it is
Frustrated by the profanity and nudity on TV that culminated with Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell's sexy Super Bowl dance
Angry lawmakers yesterday raised the prospect of expanding the fight against indecency on television to cable networks for the first time
Cable
Oh my God
In other words, it's going to get to the point where all of TV people just going to be watching tapes and DVDs
There'll be nothing way in a minute of the sports
Who said they're going to leave those alone?
Oh
Well, if you go to Blackpust, do they're not, right?
In separate simultaneous hearings, members of the House and Senate told members of the FCC and president of CBS Viacom, Mel Carmeson
That finds could just be the beginning of a new crackdown on profanity and indecency on US airwaves
Most immediately they appeared into a passing legislation that would increase tenfold the fine on TV and radio broadcasters
That violate FCC's decency rules to a maximum of $275,000 per violation
A House committee is expected to approve version of the bill today while senators have introduced their own similar bill
Lawmakers including Republicans usually wary of government regulation, hypocrites raise the possibility of getting even tougher
Such as passing a three strikes and a year off the air law that would revoke the FCC licenses of repeat offenders
Which would mean that infinity would lose all our licenses yesterday
Right?
Right
Reformers who focus on network TV are missing 85% of the story because 85% of Americans now get their TV programming from cable and satellite
FCC chairman Michael Powell said of course what he didn't say is that they have all of these parental controls both on cable and on satellite
So that if parents figure that any program is too hot to risqué they can to win it out program it out
But of course that's not really the point
Oh, what is the point?
Sunsaw or shit
Oh, Senator John McCain Republican of Arizona who's rapidly losing it since his cheeks swelled up
Favorite a suggestion by the consumers union that Congress required cable and satellite operators to offer all a card programming in which people pick and pay only for the channels they want
In other words God forbid we should have basic TV because something might come in on your TV that you don't want to see like maybe MTV
For example something like that
What about the scandal or maybe one of those reality shows where like a whole bunch of scantily clad people are cavorting around
Right almost bear ass naked or maybe even the freaking playboy channel might come in
Yeah, how do you like that?
I like it
God forbid you better not say that again. Sorry. See you don't like it. I like it
Congress would change this and this Congress would have to change the rules governing the FCC before the commission could expand its oversight of cable TV
Because cable is a subscription service that doesn't use the public airways
Historically it's been on the FCC's jurisdiction but in the aftermath of the Super Bowl halftime show there we go to that flap again
Congress may be willing to give the FCC greater authority over cable
How do you like that and then if that isn't enough then it'll be over the internet and it'll be over the books that you read in your book story
It'll be in your newspaper. It'll be on what you say in private conversation. It'll certainly be over the telephone
Mm-hmm all of these things it'll be what you drop in the bowl
Right you're right. No, it's supposed to go like that and don't think you assign language is safe either
Oh no, I have to do yeah, I saw that yesterday reading and even as fun your man forget about that going on
All your perverts on radio mum be so this is if this doesn't get to you
If this doesn't finally alert you to the fact that we've a bunch of Nazis running around on the loose now because it's an election year
And like I said yesterday both parties. I mean it's this is not a political thing
At least in terms of partisanship
It's all across the board because nobody wants to come down on the side of smut
I mean the first amendment when it doubt open a window and throw it out right
Because nobody wants to come down on the side of smut like that horrible flat in a super bowl like Titi
Oh
Nobody's in favor of titties. I certainly nobody wants to see no naked behind. Oh, and now you know what the big dealer making is?
I give up about the horse farting. I mean right America grow up already get a life get with it and grow the F up already
Can you do it? Oh Jesus
Ah farting horse how disgusting and tasteless. Oh geez
Like a bunch of overgrown children. That's pretty good. People are being butchered all around the world because of our policies
By the way, Lou Dobbs who I can't stand but he's been doing a pretty good job of doing this these exposés on which corporations are outsourcing
These thousands and thousands of jobs so that millions of Americans are unemployed now
And last night they took a poll on a show I checked it this morning. Do you agree with the administration that outsourcing of American jobs overseas is good for the American economy?
No, no, that's what they're trying to tell us now. Oh, I know just like the just like the tax cuts for the rich are good for the economy
And it's got to trickle down your leg of the thousands of votes they received on CNN 95% said no only 5% said yes
And those five the five percent were probably Chinese get made to go back to slaughter some more chickens
You get no more of those American jobs. I mean what kind of crap so they're not full and too many people are right especially the ones who are out of work?
They may think they are but even the American public is starting to finally catch on. They're starting as Heinz would say catch up and of course she happens to be Carrie's wife
With about a half a billion dollars. Ah
Now what are we going to do about this poll? We got to add some names to it which we'll get to after the break I do I mean I'll read like in bits and parts the Michael Jackson thing say what's much too long and too ponderous to go start to finish say when we should put it up.
Put what up the poll. Oh, we can do it now. Okay. I mean we got a few names on there. What happened to Beyonce and goals?
Beyonce. Huh? We're doing it now. Avril Lavigne Kid Rock, Nelly Fertado, Outcast and Beyonce those are the first and then we'll get some names from the audience and we'll
Joshua Lattamann in between the chopper on the sausage there. Whatever he's doing. I think he's done. Is he done? He's done. Did he wipe it off?
Who do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years is our poll question today past 10 years?
Now if there's a debate on that I got my little book down here. What? Nothing. Just what he what he what he just do. Just what about the funny things that are going to happen. Oh 26 past 10 at 560 WQM A Valentine's Day is just a couple of days away.
Hope you guys are thinking about giving the same old tired flowers because guess what you're going to get in return not much.
So here are three words you need to remember Vermont Teddy Bear. In fact just think of Howard Dean and Vermont will come to mind immediately.
Center a bear gram and work the lover boy bear the love band at bear are they new all star Valentine dress like a sports fan.
When it gets there she'll be completely surprised all of her coworkers will think you're the greatest for sending such an original thoughtful gift.
Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for like maybe a bus ticket to go downtown and get some action.
So just call one eight hundred eight to nine bear and a friend a bear counselor will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine delivered with a free chocolate their famous gift box.
It only takes five minutes to order overnight delivered to the Homer orfaces guarantee I guess we can't say orfas no more can we.
No. Okay. So call one eight hundred eight to nine bear or shop online at Vermont Teddy Bear.com and send your Valentine the Korean of alternative to flowers which die in wilt in no time at all.
Call one eight hundred eight to nine bear and be sure and tell them that old perverted neo toy to call the product called the FCC call one eight hundred eight to nine B.E.A.R.
Line line local. We're sports radio five sixty zero eight.
You.A.M.
I think it is and the people I call in they're just like them like that they were on the year what a call the weed in their high and I mean it's terrible.
The year that I've been looked at listening to six ten and I miss here.
I wrote.
We'll put a stop to it now though. Thanks Michael Paul.
Slow down.
I see a cop about to make traffic stop.
I've got the highest plastic bag.
Can't let him see I'm smoking to be.
All right.
I'm not right because I'm smoking to be.
Hello officer did I turn wrong.
No that's definitely not my phone.
Ain't there's so many you can set me free.
All I was doing was smoking to be.
Oh my god.
I'm smoking to be.
I got lots of records but not with the police.
I'm high as a kind and I've got the munchies.
Let's go to don't and don't so say can we please.
That's what you get smoking to be.
But I know you can do.
Here's the facts from Gary says could you please add cool plate your poll no problem Gary also if you watch the South Park movie yet.
I heard that no not yet this weekend this weekend for sure.
Let's add some more names on there before we're getting this pile of stuff okay because they're not getting a lot of votes because most people don't see anybody they like on there yet.
We threw some of the the current obvious ones on there during the break such as a system of a down Lincoln Park disturbed.
I love Lincoln Park they're great.
I vote we put a list get on there.
You put on biscuit on there.
Josh's idea.
Oh no that's okay.
I won't get any vote.
I vote a Lincoln Park.
I like Lincoln Park.
Josh you too.
Well how do you like that?
How do you like that?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I'm almost tempted to put Afro man on there but I guess not.
I love Afro man.
Go to QA and hello.
Hey I got orders for your poll.
Yes sir.
DJ disturbance.
Hi you palies.
Come to QA and hello.
Yeah how about Neil's favorite fish for the list?
Cod yeah.
Scrod.
Scrod.
He he H I F H.
Oh fish.
From the last ten years.
Yeah yeah they've been big.
In ten years the fish has been around since before Jesus was a baby.
Get out of here.
Haven't they?
I don't know.
Sure fish is like a grateful dead type but that's old that's old news.
Let me say it again.
Of the last ten years now how about Elvis Presley?
How about Roy Orbison?
How about the ink spots?
How about Glenn Miller?
Yeah.
Come on.
How about on Rico Caruso?
How about Rudy Valley?
Brother.
How about the Fats Domino?
These people are so full of it.
WQAM hello?
Yeah Sean Paul.
RuPaul?
Sean Paul.
Okay we got it.
Got it.
WQAM hello?
R.I.R.
WQAM hello?
Hello I'd like to nominate Train at the only city, the two cities I bought in less than
years.
Train?
Train yeah.
They had a song drop to do but it wasn't their best song but they got a new one out called
Paul and all the angels.
It's a great song.
Oh my god.
They might not agree because it's too poppy for you.
Okay thanks a lot.
I got another comment.
Go ahead.
I'm just absolutely infuriated about this latest turn of events in Washington, the FCC, the
communists.
And it's so disturbing.
Everybody in this country has a choice whether to watch TV or not.
And if you don't like it throw your TV away do something else to read a book.
I think it was some congresswoman or something in New Mexico complaining about her work.
Oh she was foaming at the mouth yeah.
Oh it's just you know democracy is dead.
This country it was a good idea at the time but it did not work.
You got it.
They stole the election and they stole the constitution and they were running off into hiding now.
Well you take for granted when you're growing up that it's always going to be here and it's
always known but it's not working and all of their fault.
And I'm pissed off.
Well stay pissed off until at least no member.
Well vote early and often.
Okay thanks.
Thanks.
This Texas mom facing trial for selling text toys and we had this trip before.
Yes.
But I thought it was an update.
Oh well we're good to it maybe.
I got a lot of fish to fry here man.
I'm telling you right now I got piles and I got this vanity fair that weighs about 700 pounds.
Boy you know we're in a wrong business.
Wouldn't it be great to put out a real glossy magazine that a lot of people buy and it and there's like
6,000 pages in it and 5,800 of our ads.
Mm-hmm.
That's how I've done.
Okay well what do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years?
Lincoln Park 5, Beyonce 5.
Coldplay 3, Overellavine 3, Kid Rock 3, Outcast 2, Nellie Prattato 1.
Just like Overellavine, Canadian 8, System of the Down 1, Le Biscuit 1.
I totally get one and Sean Paul 1.
RuPaul don't have any yet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a year.
We'll build up a good list here okay and then I can get up to my appointed grounds and rounds.
Then of course they can fact some in and they are.
And they are.
Stone-tabled pilots that's a good choice.
You don't like stone-tabled pilots like I'm just fine.
What are you some kind of anti-Somantic?
I would never say that.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
I'm expecting the answering of the telephone you'd call me for a loop.
So okay the season started and it was like an okay year for the Bruins and then they go into their slump and they think it's usual.
And I check the papers if they want like 5 or 6 in a row they have them like 8 or whatever.
They're right on the list.
Oh he's fast now.
Yeah we're only right on the right one point behind.
So I would like to nominate Pearl Jam.
Okay.
Eric, take care.
See you.
What?
Pearl Jam.
Last 10 years.
Okay.
What about Jimmy Hendrix?
Yeah.
You too.
What about Chicago?
Yeah.
What about Mozart?
What about Beethoven?
What about Bach?
List.
List.
Lons.
Did Bach speak with a list?
WQA and hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes?
How are you doing?
Okay.
How about Dave Matthews?
Dave Matthews band.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry you said that.
Okay.
There are a lot of votes.
Thanks.
They ought to be.
See.
They ought to be what?
Band.
Band in Boston.
Where's the idea?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Found 5, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'll tell you one thing.
We're getting hits up the ass.
Yeah.
Can I say that?
No.
Well no we certainly are on our website.
I'm talking about we're getting hits up the ass because we got so much stuff on there today.
Unexpectedly too.
I have a thank you.
Do you want to thank for that, um, for the, uh, senior cruise thing?
Albert.
Thanks Albert.
I bet people who want to thank for the Howard Dean and Janet thing where he'd like his Eric.
Just squeezing it.
Oh, Eric did that.
See?
Wow.
Nice job Eric.
Man.
Hey, offspring.
The video just started.
Are they more than 10 years old?
Yeah, they guess they're.
Yes.
Oh look at that.
We're just, we may even break the Janet Jackson records today.
Maybe not, but it just going nuts.
Somebody QA him.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good sir.
I got some news for you sir.
Okay.
Okay.
The other day I came home from work and got a 14 year old daughter.
She was on the internet right?
And I get home and I say a bit sweet because you get on, um, Neil Rogers.com.
I want to see something about a bullet you got right?
Mm hmm.
And boom, I'll pop this, um, read my lips no more bush little bit.
Right.
And she like froze and looked at me like, you know, and this is me.
I was like, I don't worry about it.
Just a little, you know, smooth spot.
That's all in there.
Okay, poster.
Yeah, she freaked out that I really didn't, you know, say anything.
So she told all her friends now all of Miami Beach, China.
Hi.
I love your website.
All right, excellent.
Thanks for the fun man we needed.
And for you and another, um, for the poll today, I say Luis and Luis Miguel.
Okay.
I'll stick K that me this man.
Yeah, the last 10 years.
Luis just turned 70 by the way.
And he's got a big fat ass.
19 to 11 at 560 WQM.
If you're thinking of buying a new car or truck, here's the deal.
If you want to save a lot of cash, visit this place.
You'll love them.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
You'll find them on US 1 just 20 easy minutes out of the E36.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth a drive-to-matter where you are because they're going to save you a crap load of cash on great new Toyota's.
You can't beat their deals.
For example, check out these prices in 04 Corolla loaded, including air that you own for just 12, 990.
An 04 Camry with air automatic and more just 16, 990.
Need a truck? How about an 04 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the country, from just 14, 990?
And when you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, you get a free sun pass.
This was the first dealer in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
So, you know, they're serious.
They mean business.
General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota two day.
So, experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference, their locally owned, locally operated.
And they're committed to making you 100% happy camper.
Their service department is open late week nights to late to make sure that all the service work is done and done great.
You'll find them on US1 and 293rd Street in the Homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the 836.
So, if you're fed up, if you had it up to here, with those mega dealers who over-promise an under-deliver called David Rich,
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM at 305, 2-4-2-3-2-47.
That's right, right up to here.
305, 2-4, I can't do it like Brian Cox.
305, 2-4-2-3-2-47 Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a crap load of cash on a great new Toyota.
My life and look all this is for Toyota 516.
Way to A.
38, a game to remember.
And now you can relive all the bouncing jiggling, high-pumping action with this commemorative video from Sports Curitator.
It's Super Bowl 38 showing some pig-scan.
You will see all the games highlights and long-likes, like Justin Timberlake's personal foul on Janet Jackson.
Oh, there he is! That's gotta be illegal. You can have hands home, man.
When you order Super Bowl 38, show in some pig-scan. You'll also get...
No, what's this? A striker! Oh, duck-head!
I've never seen him hit around like that.
Sports Curitator brings you a game for the ages.
But not all ages. Every truffle sweat, every bit of hot action, every tight end.
Oh yeah, there was a football game and there's a merchant.
Order now and you'll get even more Super Sunday pig-scan in this free bonus video Richard Hatch Survivor All-Star.
It's just gonna keep shaking things up a little bit.
Sports Curitator Super Bowl 38 showing some pig-scan.
We put the triple X in Super Bowl XXX-VII.
So here's a fact from Scott in New York who says a couple of bands to end of the pool.
The pool fighters which I love.
And Queens of the Stone Age. And it also says in Peach Bush now, Amen!
Pist off and listening online to New York. Thanks, Scott.
Also you can go on our website as if we don't already have enough on here for you.
And we have that thing that move on.org thing.
Yes. And you can click on it and get all the info.
The one that says he knew.
Of course he didn't know much and he still don't know much.
He knew. Center the president and you click on it and it links you all the way to the move of center bush campaign move on.org.
It's pretty damn impressive.
I'll tell you one thing. Josh has certainly turned our website around.
I mean Eric. Just a joke Eric. Just relax.
Okay. Put down a guy named Baloney in the peanut butter sandwich.
J.M. says after seeing their Grammy performance and others.
White stripes is very, very good. White stripes.
Yeah. Whatever.
Well, no, see I would know a lot more of these groups.
But when you're in South Florida, there's nowhere to listen to music.
Do you hear any real music?
This is true.
But when I had my satellite dish in Europe, I knew all of the music.
I mean every group that was ever born because I had like a hundred different music channels.
See what I'm saying?
But if you don't see it, if you don't hear it, how do you know it?
Right?
Right.
Good point.
You can all have guns to make discs for you like some of us did.
I see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Well John makes all kinds of discs about European music.
For me, I put in a car and I listened to it and I love a lot of it.
But who down those, whoever saw it, see, unless you see the videos.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Nora Jones, somebody says it's a little mellow for my taste, but still outstanding.
Says Frank.
Fifteen year listener.
Thank you, Frank.
Nora Jones.
You ever stole a freight train?
Five votes already.
Does she really?
She really does.
What about Grace Jones?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Rick says, good morning.
Let the Republicans keep.
Look at this.
Exchore.
Anything you meant excoriating Rick?
The president of one of the biggest corporate contributors to the Republican party, talk about
shooting yourself in the foot.
Viacom can pull all their money and give it to the Democrats.
I'll bet you a million dollars that the bitch that was filming at the mouth will not run
against again as a Republican.
They'll find her a nice little office job in Iceland as the assistant to the assistant secretary.
You won't hear from her no moe.
Don't want to be a chronic pastor, but no one has brought out this point.
Oh, now you have Rick, whatever you're talking about.
He must be talking about that bitch from New Mexico, the one that was just hyperventilating
it.
And what you did, and you knew it, you knew it, and you put this on anyway, and all you
care about is ratings, and you've taken money and fattening up your wallet, not like
them.
And she was quavering and shaking and filming at the mouth and other body parts.
It was incredible.
All over that.
I mean, grow up America, please.
The darkness.
Put them on there.
Yeah, please.
We were just talking about the room.
Great.
See, that's because I'm watching much music, which I know this is an incredible concept,
but they actually show videos.
We don't get much music down here.
Put it here.
You can see it on.
In fact, what do you got?
You got MTV and MTV 2.
And what else?
VH4.
Oh, I hate it.
Wait, sometimes has some good shows and retro stuff, but that's retro.
Yes, and an old stuff like that.
Right.
Like the four seasons, stuff like that.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, oh, and before we go on, reality TV could have
sung to a new low, literally and figuratively, with a new dating show for dwarves.
Over to dwarf.
Hey, they need to date too.
The littlest room features lonely Glen Foster, a self-styled ladies man who is four foot
five inches tall.
He's a little shorty.
That's twice my height.
The diminutive celebrity has to be has to find a wife from 12-pint size women.
Tall slim blonde British TV.
This is from the, this is London magazine.
Tall slim blonde British TV presenter Danny Beer will power over the cast to do a snow-white
act as the hostess.
Viewers could be glued to their sets as 23 year old Foster goes on a series of dates and
there was the field where short list of five a short list.
Get it?
Several women of normal height will then be introduced to the show.
Foster will have to choose the woman he's most compatible with for the grand finale.
Well, you can show them how it's done because you have to get on a high cherry and when
they bring in the normal women like you have a climbing gear with your 10 foot tall wife.
He turns right the show from America's Fox Network has already run into trouble with
the critics.
Reality TV pundits Steve Rogers accused the broadcaster of sinking low with the project.
So to speak.
Wait, wait, a reality TV pundit.
That's a, that's a job.
Right.
Of course.
Well, how many reality shows we got on this week?
About 30 minutes.
The New York Daily News had it think you've seen it all with reality shows.
Wait till the littlest room.
This show gives new meaning to a mini series.
The show is scheduled to be screened in the west the next two weeks.
Ready for it?
Sure.
In fact, maybe we can have a hottest, the dwarf couple contest one of these days.
What do you say?
Let's go.
WDQAM line nine.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to nominate Eminem for your poll.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks, pal.
See I need my word.
Eminem.
Not the candy, but the, uh, asshole.
I mean, the, uh, rapper.
He just, uh, I mean, the guy likes it.
There are a lot of people that like him.
I don't know why.
That's why.
Is that why it is?
Sure.
He just, uh, give me the creeps.
But it's not a question of what I like or what you like.
It's a question of what they like, right?
See, see, that's the one thing about the show.
It's still the democratic process, which is why we take the poll so that you folks can
tell us what you like and what you can't stand things like that.
Even if it's us that you can't stand, we don't care.
We're still getting the money.
Unlike your rose who's working for free.
I still can't get over that.
How you like that music?
Uh, on TV.
Well, I guess after these hearings finish, we won't be able to have that no more.
Only Bible music because, uh, and Jesus music, only approved Jesus.
Jesus loves me.
Yes, he does.
So take off the prohibitive because she's the buzz.
Anyway, ex-offices as Bush's file details cause concern.
I got a whole bunch of stuff on that.
Do we want to talk about that?
Well, maybe a little later.
Steroids indictment slightly.
Very bonds trainer.
He's in big.
He's in deep crap.
Bible lessons, these clergy forgot.
Oh, this is it.
Don't let me forget.
Maybe I'll save the Michael Jackson and Vanity Fair thing for tomorrow.
Or I'll just read a little bit of it today cause I this rare article by Derek Z Jackson
who writes for the Boston Globe.
It's just too good to pass over.
He said, Passover.
Sorry.
Bible lessons, these clergy forgot.
Of course, they're having a big history and Boston now about the gay marriage thing.
And what a lot of people don't seem to understand is it doesn't really make any difference
what the Massachusetts legislature does because the state supreme court there's already
said that civil unions calling it other names, calling it hey, pali, then they're going
to cut it.
Call it Fred.
Right.
And that's not going to cut it.
And then nothing short of equal marriage rights is going to.
So they can pass all the laws they want.
They can have all those crazy, Bible, thumb, and idiots out there.
I was reading a one article about how a lot of these people are like falling on the ground
with their hands praying to God, you know, all these religious nuts about how Sodom
and Gamori is going to come back.
And I was thinking of Edna Wallace on Passons, you know, oh, angels, she's always falling
on the floor, you know, putting her hands together.
Oh, angels, yeah.
And of course, she's a crazy person.
So you see the connection there, religious, not crazy person, same people.
Redundant.
Right.
WQA, hello.
Hey, what's going on?
How are you doing, pali?
I'm doing okay.
Well, I love you.
You pick me up, but I'm standing here.
I got something very actual.
Go ahead.
You know, it's really a fighting to me.
But all that's going on in the world right now is all this stuff about the Janet Jackson
and this cultural war we're going to get into.
Right.
A democratic candidate's are running for cover.
You know, they're not talking about it.
They don't want to bring it up.
They're just afraid of the Christian crazies of the Republicans are.
You know, no one has got the balls to stand up.
Anyway, you only people have the balls to do it.
Are people like Michael Moore who are running for public office?
And why not?
That's a good question.
Why won't you run for office?
You know, why won't those people like the Ed Alonaires and the Michael Moore's?
Why don't they stand up and put their beliefs out there and run for freaking office?
They run their mouth, but they don't do anything about it.
Yeah, but you didn't realize what they would do to Michael Moore in 10 seconds, man.
They would just discredit him and all while he said this and he said that he's just
he's too easy too far over the end.
Now listen, he's way too far over the edge for mainstream America at this point.
Yeah, but you know what?
But that's a certain level of that.
That's a lot of that.
Okay, just because I'm the religious fund, I agree with you.
He is not over the edge on that part, but I'm some of the other beliefs.
Yeah, he's over the edge.
But the bottom line.
America's not ready for Michael Moore yet.
I sure is how land and you are, but America's not.
Well, the problem is, is not so much the aspect of what Michael Moore believes, as far as
his religious beliefs, okay.
And it's overall picture.
It's a part of the conservative party, you know, in this whole country is based on this.
You know, we're still, so I can't believe how, you know, we really are, the country,
when this whole thing happens, how it's going to work.
You would have thought that a couple had intercourse on the stage in the middle of the
Super Bowl, and that CBS kept focusing on it and then promoted it for repeat next Sunday.
I mean, the hysteria is unbelievable.
It's scary.
And I like to say, I consider myself to be conservative when it comes to my political
beliefs, but the problem is, is that when stuff like this happens, you go look and say,
oh my god, I got to get out of this party.
I need to load some more help.
There's no way to run through, because they always stuck into it.
Well, let me know when you find one.
Good luck to us, Pali.
10.57 at 5.60 QAM.
My and Lord, this is the fourth real fight city of QAM.
I can't show those pictures of Hitler flying over the crowd.
I'll show you all the way.
We are.
You burn me like my strength.
I'm a kind of.
You know what he said of the crowd?
You understand the stupe of his track of everyone.
Roll another plot.
Oh my god.
I was going to clean my room until I got out.
I was going to get up and find the broom, but then I got out.
Oh my god.
You messed up.
And I know why.
Why?
You know what?
You know what?
You messed up.
I was going to go to class before I got out.
Come on, young.
I could've cheated and I could've passed.
But I got out.
I'm taking a big semester.
And I know why.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
I was going to go to court before I got out.
I was going to pay my child support.
But then I got out.
No you ain't.
I'm going to pay my child support.
I'm going to pay my child support.
And I know why.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
I wasn't going to run from the cops.
But I was out.
And I know why.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
I was going to make love to you.
Because I got out.
I was going to eat your pussy.
I was going to get out.
Now I'm jacked up.
And I know why.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
I lost my keys.
Because I got out.
Now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk.
And I know why.
Because I got out.
Because I got out.
I'm going to stop singing this song.
Because I'm high.
And I know why.
Because I'm high.
And if I don't sell one copy.
I'm a wild one.
Because I'm high.
Because I'm high.
And you're like that man.
That's how I was watching Megalomania.
It was awesome.
That's how I was watching Megalomania.
ilation of her.
It was amazing.
I had a shows on my underwear.
Carrying someone.
Or maybe she could be like her who would not come over,
I see Andy says you mentioned Afro man earlier haven't played him in a while
That's why I just played him says I hope that's another band bit not yet, but wait till tomorrow Andy
Right everything's gonna be banned. I don't know what it's gonna take. I think there's gonna be a revolution in America
I really think so Jefferson said there was gonna have to be
Who's the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years?
That's what we're axing today on the orages.com. Dave Matthews band unfortunately is leading 24
I said they get a lot of votes and they are outcast second place unfortunately with 19
I'll stone-table pilots 10 Lincoln Park 10 Nora Jones 9 the food fighter 7 Beyonce's got 7 big ones
Coldplay 7 kid rock 6 M&M 6 Av Avrilovine 5. I love Avrilovine
She's not a great singer, but she's a great entertainer. So yeah, I like her. She's got two songs
Sean Paul 3 Nelly Furtado 3
System of a down 3 lib biscuit 3
Now that's not how you used to say name it a group, but I don't think I'm gonna say it in a moment like
Train
Train 1 and no votes yet for disturbed Queens of the Stone Age the white stripes that dark this incubus or Chennai 20 out of 128
Somebody says dream theater. Okay, all top graduates of Berkeley School of Music unlike most others on your list of rely on gimmicks and looks
Dream Theater
Elmer says they probably won't get any votes
But the best band to come out the past 10 years is interpool. Are you making groaning sounds? I was doing Elmer because you said Elmer says oh
What a dwarf
George would probably enjoy them. They've been compared to past greats like joy division in velvet underground very big in New York City in Europe
But for the most part in America of course they remain fairly obscure
But what do you expect from a country you believe just in Tinkerbell as a talented recording artist excellent point Elmer
Excellent outstanding and now the fact that just absolutely tickles my rectum
Raccoon is just amazing. This has to be a joke doesn't it say it's a joke a although it's from a hospital and maybe it's a mental hospital
It says the best recording artist for the past 10 years is Celine Dion
Let's put on your okay. Let's put that nasty bitch on there Celine Dion even though she's been around for like 30 years
She has sure come on look her
Celine Dion she was doing hits in French like since 1950 she was doing hits. Yeah
No, not Celine Dion
Okay, I hope you're right because I just buys that
In fact, I don't know anybody who likes her. They're actually here in Canada. She's where she's from everybody
Let's see you're right 91. She don't qualify
Thank God
Okay, she blows her nose. Yeah, she blows her hose
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line I
Can't believe Lincoln Park's only got 10 well, what do they know huh?
See Nelly Frittado do you hear about two seconds of that? Yes, WQ a.m. Hello
No deal. Yes, sir. Hey, love that love that ink. He was videos. It's just great. I outstanding. I like especially the best in Hitler
Mm-hmm. I'm the best part. I got another good dance. Good. Yeah
Any as part as he was doing Kazzinski
Yeah, do she want to see their two so that makes it a better
I like to propose to
Okay, I noticed you pause there because you thought I'd probably hang up. Go ahead
In the past 10 years, too
Yes, that's that's group in the last 10 years
Well, we can say it look put it on there
Oh, I'm feeling close
Okay, see you see you what do you say tool a tool tool?
He didn't articulate very well. Okay, that goes to he had kept saying to two
As a father actually tool right over here, man
We got it on there right you got it on we got the tool on there. You got your tool
5 6 7 0 5 6 the used to work for guy named bill tool remember what he called in the IOD that day
No, long time ago with his checkered pants
He's the youngest guy ever knew who wore checkered pants and occasionally lime green pants on a trade-out of course
5 6 7 0 5 6 the
5 6 the on a AT&T line Q a.m. Hello
Yeah, I'm a meal. Yes, sir
There's an excellent group out there in the last 10 years called angel dust
Um, basically European HR HM group very much
Very much like deeper full of the new millennium really
Okay, we got it. Thanks. All right. Thanks, right. Bye. Bye. You got your angel dust
Don't like red fine out about it. He'll steal it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line any other entries coming in for the hot couples contest
We got 14 or 15 already. We're doing pretty good
I set you off a couple more since the show started I think
No, you didn't okay. I just I just checked the one thing you sent me and we are already had seen it
So I don't think you send me anything like brand new Eric is he's like light years ahead of you. He's like
Don't ask me how
Come to Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Contact line. Yes, sir. Hey, how about radio head now radio has he okay? Good choice
All right, thanks palmy
5 6 7 let's just tell you well
This is put on much music and we'll play all the music all day right
That's the only way people in South Florida gonna hear any good music. You sure won't hear it on FM in South Florida
Well, yeah, the worst crap. I know we've been through it a million times
Let me guess how many music channels I got here
He goes and icons drop in a roll
I
Love hate to
Much about
And there we go in Greek a huh, let's put him on there just for kicks
Come on who and Greek a glacius
He hasn't been around more than 10 years. Has he?
You told me no and reekay he just turned 15 for crying out loud
I think Enrique hasn't been around more than that although we played his stuff on Iod
Yes, but that isn't and now put in reekig glacies. He nobody knew who the hell he was. They still don't
Well, he's a big man. He's big. He's a hell of a singer. No, not somewhere
Okay, put him on here. You'll see some of your people of O for some of your people
Some of those people that are busy drilling glory holes at Westland and the T-room and JC paintings all day. That's right
Oh, there you go. You're psychic. That's it. You got it. Just your thumb on it
Nothing always a good idea all your kids out there listening in all those high schools because you want to see those naked pictures on our website
Always a good idea. I have a portable pneumatic drill in your back pocket just in case right better reoperated
The 12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need
It's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are absolutely
Inclaible absolutely. It's right. You pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points
Get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25 percent
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere three hundred and thirty four bucks a month
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only six sixty eight a month can't beat it
And don't forget once you be financed to get you a new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever pay closing costs again
So column today and get all the info. There's no obligation call
1-800-940 land and hop on this get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without any further cost of expense
You pay zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing costs even when you move to another property and get that
Unbelievably low financing rate of just 1.25 percent
It's the only one mortgage from the financial group never pay closing costs again with this deal
Call them today toll-free at 1-800-940 land. That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
The Renequal Housing Lender restrictions apply rate something to change monthly 4.21 APR
By the local
This is five cities
The rain is all yours
Q-A-M
Is that all?
That's the loop
Oh
Don't put out this
It's a piece of crap to me
Absolutely
Oh
Whatever happened to the rights to love me do
We made my go tax and one rich mother
Like this much
We use mine as a crunch
And now we feel so cheap
So
I
I should not be here
And I'd be all over here
You've turned
Turned out like a piece of crap
Here
Love an I.T. at 560 WQ and we left somebody out that you're gonna be pre-imperaged.
So we've lost about a thousand groups out, but that's the idea.
Get a whole lot of stuff in.
Why not?
I'll give you a clue who we left out.
I know you like this group.
Oh, it's cold.
You and me baby doing it like in Wisconsin and please don't tell anyone that I am their cousin.
You and me baby let's do it like the Kennedys.
I'll drown you in my new life.
Buried your club back to me.
You and me baby, do it like Madonna and have a Latino gang bang if you wanna.
What the hell is it?
It's Britney, she's a toxic.
She's not only toxic, she's just about naked.
You have a penis video?
No, that yeah.
That would be a sob with a border.
Set your alarm for 1 a.m.
Alright.
I think toxic qualifies to get Britney on her even though she can't sing for Christmas.
But if she can sing for her, she can sing for her.
You haven't seen this video in a while.
Where will you see it?
She is wearing nothing.
My favorite.
She's wearing silver glitz on her body.
Like a little glitz and then some glitz on her.
No rhymes with glitz.
Give me bits.
Schmitz.
Oh right.
I think I need to take a few.
And anyway, even I'm amazed by that.
It's 1121 at 560 WDQM.
You watch CNN in case the world starts falling apart.
I'm gonna watch all the video.
There are a limited dates.
Pequini Week.
Shriver request has some teed off.
I noticed the anxious Michael Mayo, my close personal friend, Michael Améo-Vitz, whatever his name is.
Wrote a column about this this morning.
If you work for the Broward County Public Defenders Office, your investment options include the career of your boss's golf teacher.
Public defender Al Shriver is asking his 167 lawyers, clerks, secretaries, investigators and other employees to invest in the future of his daughter's boyfriend.
Craig Pauling by helping him to pay to play in the National Golf Association Hooters Pro Golf Tour.
Speaking of Hooters.
Pauling was also helping Shriver polish his game as well known would be golf champion, whose plate on the golf channel showed the big break.
In an email message sent to his staff last week, Shriver asked for a minimum of $100 from each employee and is seeking a total of 50 grand to help keep Pauling on the road for a year.
He signed the message, the boss man.
Shriver denied that he was forcing his employees to give Pauling money.
I'm doing nothing wrong. I told everybody if you want to participate fine, if you don't find again, Shriver said,
have you with as an investment because he would be inclined to share any winnings?
Shriver!
Wow.
Here's what I'm going to do with the Michael Jackson thing.
Let me take a couple of more calls quick.
And I'm going to read a section at a time. It's just too long and vanity fair, but you've got to hear it.
I trust me.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes, is this not WID?
W-O-F.
All right.
What's your McCall?
Two stone temple piles need to come off.
They're two old.
They're two old?
Yeah, they're two old.
I think they're like 92, 93.
Oh, crap.
Yeah.
And my boat would be for poison the well.
Poison the well?
Poison the well.
That's what I just said. Poison the well?
That's correct.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Thank you, bud.
Okay.
See, you've got to take off those two stone temple piles.
Take it off.
Huh?
We're taking them off.
Take them off.
Take them off there. This guy knows this crap. That's pretty obvious.
He knows this is W-O-D.
That's right.
Oh.
They're all outing.
They're all in great.
Michael Jackson's favorite band, Boys in the Well.
I see.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes sir.
Shakira.
Shakira is great.
We love Shakira.
Oh, man.
Oh, lover.
See, even I'm obsessed with it long before you ever heard of Shakira.
That's the true.
That is true.
No, that's right.
You like to stuff that wasn't big hit.
That's right.
You like to finish?
I had bought both her Spanish language records because I was so obsessed.
See.
Okay.
Anyway, can I have better do it now?
Michael Jackson refers to white wine as Jesus' juice and red wine as Jesus' blood.
He refers to the, he prefers the juice and usually drinks out of soda cans so that nobody
will know he's consuming booze.
In and out of rehab over the years, traditions to demoral and morphine, the King of Pop also
habitually gulp down soda cans of wine, especially when he was on airplanes.
On a flight to Frankfurt in 1999, for example, his former business advisor, Myeonghul Lee, who
was accompanying him, had to help the staggering Jackson stand up to get off the plane.
He was lying on the floor by the time we landed.
Lee says, I told security, can't get drunk like that on white wine.
And the security people said that it's not only wine, but that it takes pills with it.
The incident may be telling because in January, Michael Jackson was arraigned on seven counts
of child molestation and two counts of administering an intoxicating agent with intent to commit
a felony between February 7th and March 10th of last year at Neverland, his 2700 acre
ranch near Santa Barbara, which he's converted into a mini Disney land for kids.
The boy in question in the case of cancer victim who was 13 at the time alleges that Jackson
gave him wine in Coke cans on a flight from Florida in February 2003, running under the
nose of the boy's unsuspecting mother.
The boy knows Jackson's name is for white red and white wine, which Lee says only his
inner people know, adding that it tells you the boy spent quality time with Michael.
The boy in his siblings, however, said that all the kids around Michael knew about Jesus
juice and that he told them Jesus drank it so it must be good.
Lee says he's not surprised at the boy's allegations.
Lee was with Jackson in Tokyo in 1998 when Jackson announced with the great fanfare
a new venture with a Japanese consortium to open three theme parks and a chain of stores
called Wonder World of Toys that would stretch across Japan.
The project failed almost immediately, according to Lee, because of what happened to the 13-year-old
son of what won a Jackson's Japanese partners.
During this time, Michael took the boy to a theme park one evening.
One of Jackson's people gave Michael three cans, soda cans full of Jesus juice.
Later that evening, the boy became sick, security informed me that he appeared drunk when
he came back and his father was very upset.
In the current case, the trip to Boyne's family made a Florida coincided with the
earring of the British documentary on ABC last year, in which Jackson now 45 told interview
or Martin Bashir that there was nothing wrong with sharing his bed with little boys.
It was a very brazen thing for Jackson to admit, given the fact that in Los Angeles in
94, he had had to pay $25 million to Jordy Chandler and his family in order to settle a
civil suit in which Jordy, then 13, charged that Jackson had masturbated and related him
during their relationship, which ironically also included a trip to Florida.
Similarities in Michael Jackson's motor-sopper and eye between the latest bizarre scandal
and the one that preceded it abound right down to the tactics of intimidation and the
controversial use of the nation of Islam for security.
In 1993, our members of the Tufts Out Central LA gangs, including the notorious Bloods,
were transported to Neverland.
The employment of these Tufts was said to have sent a strong message to Neverland employees
who might have considered cooperating in the Jordy Chandler investigation, not to mention
the subliminal message it gave out to other boys and their families who might have been
thinking of coming forward.
When 70 members of the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department and DA's office, including
a team of forensic experts, invaded Neverland last November 18, while Jackson was in Vegas,
they had already spent five months investigating the child's allegations.
Although Jackson was repeatedly taken by surprise, cops with search moans also went to the
homes and workplaces of Jackson employees and a private investigator named Bradley Miller,
his high-powered and expensive criminal attorney, Mark Garagos, had already been on the case
since February, a curiosity in itself since no criminal charges had yet been filed.
And that's enough for right now.
It goes on forever.
It's a, it'll make you puke.
That's all I can tell you.
It'll make you very angry and make you puke and realize that it's all just what you
think it is.
28 after 11 at 560 W. Kim don't forget guys Valentine's Day is this Saturday right around
the corner.
But you're not given about flowers again this year because man they're dead in no time
at all.
So you know if you want to get nothing in return, give flowers a chocolate if you want to
get something good in return, here's the answer for you three words to keep in mind for
Montetti Bear.
Send her a bear gram at work like maybe the lover boy bear, the love bandit bear, the
new All Star Valentine dress like a sports fan.
When it gets there, she'll be completely shocked.
She'll say, Oh my God.
And all of her coworkers will think you're the greatest guy because you said an original
thoughtful gift.
Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping and praying and Jones in for.
Just call 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear council will help you choose the perfect
bear for your Valentine delivered in a free, with a free chocolate in their famous gift
box.
It only takes five minutes to order overnight, delivered to the home or office is guaranteed.
I said, orifice again.
I apologize.
Call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at from Montetti Bear.com.
Send your Valentine to Creative Alternative Flowers this year and let me say it again, you
still got time.
Call 1-800-829 Bear right now and tell them that crusty old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
You have just wasted your vote again.
Pull the lever for our Dean.
Oi!
Carey and at words kicked his butt big time.
Love you can't date behind.
O Dean's older.
I believe his campaign is all done.
Absolutely.
Oh, Dean.
Oh, Dean.
Oh, he was flying high before I awoke.
And then he grabbed that mic and screamed.
That's when he scared everyone away.
I think we can forget our Dean.
Yes.
Oh, Dean.
Oh, Dean.
He's a loser and now so you.
It's 11.30 for a couple more.
I actually watch music that I like.
Sam Roberts.
He's Canadian, eh?
You don't like Sam Roberts?
Who?
Oh, my God.
Sam Roberts and what about Nickelback?
Okay.
That's spelled NICKELC.
There's a couple more for you.
Let's see.
Here's one that says I'm a jury and banana springs.
You can fax anytime, Jerry. You're one of the best.
Sorry for faxing two days in a row.
Had I known today's poll was going to be music.
I wouldn't fax yet day about the movies.
I'd like to suggest the counting crows for today's poll.
Their first CD, August and everything after, was released September 2003.
Technically, they aren't in the last 10 years.
It's been 10 years and five months.
That's okay.
Let's count the counting crows.
Are we counting the counting crows?
Well, I don't care whether you like them or not, see?
I don't like Dave Matthews' band either, but Dave Matthews' band is kicking in.
I know.
I might have.
And I told you they would.
59 votes.
The best recording artist of group of the past 10 years.
I can't believe you never heard of Sam Roberts.
They're great.
As he's band 59, outcast 22, MNM17,
in the Norgeone 16, cold play 15,
Foo Fighters 13,
Stone Temple Pilots of Dozen,
Lincoln Park 12, Radiohead 12,
Viance's got eight,
Kid Rock 8,
Over Levine's got six,
Chennai's got six,
All right.
What did she get screwed, huh?
And you would like to have seen it.
Ready for Tano's got six, White Stripes 5,
Shakira's got four, we love Shakira.
Four, we love Shakira.
In English.
Ah.
Limpus get four, Sean Paul four,
System of Down 3,
A Train 3, tool.
I thought we were taking tool off of there.
Let's get rid of that tool.
Inkibus 2, Disturb 2-1,
Darkness 1, Dream Theater 1,
Super Grass. Super Grass.
You got any?
Yeah, no matter fact.
What about Angel Dust?
One, sorry.
Enrique Iglesias 1,
And no votes yet for Queens of the Stone Age,
The Bloodhound Gang have none?
Shame on you!
Ah, they just went under.
Poisoned the well,
Sam Roberts and Nickelback just went under two.
Out of 245, St. Roberts.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Pretty embarrassing when I know a good group
that you never heard of before.
And they're not just big and candid.
Seriously, you're good. I'll wait till I hear them.
Okay.
I'm going to have to go out and buy his CD today just to prove it to you.
Okay, great. Not good, great.
Anyway, in fact, the Sam Roberts was at the, you know,
the big Rolling Stones thing we had here last year.
Yeah, last year, last, these SARS-Rick-covered concert?
Correct. He was one of the many, many performers.
Well, you heard some of that.
Okay. Who else was in that?
There is.
Well, a whole bunch of people.
Anyway, Mike said, what? Huh?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Mike says, have you listened to the magical voice of Josh Groban?
No. Have you?
No. Have you ever heard such a voice? Simply magical.
He's saying during the tribute to Columbia Shuttle's astronauts,
proud of the Super Bowl, his album is number one of the Billboard charts.
Mike, Josh Groban.
Oh, that is.
That never heard of it.
Says Mike.
Well, put him on here. Somebody will know who that is.
Here's Frank who says,
oh, Frank's got a whole bunch of them again.
Shame on you, Frank.
You did bad.
It says it's hard to determine only one, but some of the bands who made a good impact on me recently,
three doors down,
Puddle of mud with two D's.
Yes.
Adema with an A in 70 and pod.
Okay.
We're not asking to do.
I know the questions.
Who, pod?
The pod.
The O.D.
Yeah. What does that mean?
Pable upon delivery or on death.
Pable on death.
Pable on death.
In other words, you'll be accountable to God when you die, Kevin.
I see.
Well, we're not going to put no Christian group.
We're not going to put them in there.
We're going to have something for today.
I'm going, am I right?
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, even he's got to have something on there.
They're big in spite of their foodoo magic.
I see.
Okay, we're getting a gigantic list built there from the last 10 years.
Don't be given us any old timers.
Join Joe and Mark tonight, 10 PM to midnight.
At the Sanbar and a grow stop.
I enjoy $3 becks and becks lights.
Plus you can win tickets and t-shirts.
I take it to what?
Well, you'll find out when you go there.
That's the 10 o'clock tonight to Sanbar and the grow with the lovely Joe and Mark, who are on, of course, 2 to 5 and a.m.
Right here on Q.A.M.
21 till noon.
We got the mad.
Let's see.
The schedule is a looks pretty pristine to me today.
The mad dog at 2.
The Willie Williams show has been postponed until they let him out.
The humprobe on it for Panther preview at 7.
Panthers who won 2 in a row.
I'll tell you, Roberto LaWongo is playing so great.
What a shame that nobody in South Florida really appreciates him or hockey or anything else.
And by the way, the rules changes they want to make really sad to me.
It's the most empathetic.
Anyway, Penguins at the Panthers should be a Gimme 2 points tonight.
Come on, boys.
Let's make a 3 in a row.
Although the islanders tied Dallas overtime last night full full.
So let's see.
What's the difference now?
Is it 9 points?
Huh?
61 to 52.
I think the islanders are 9 ahead of the Panthers for that last playoff spot.
Any K-Fall is the hockey game.
Joe and Mark, like I just said, overnight.
I am lost.
This is sports radio bicycle QAM.
Burnham, with a dramatic reading of No Scrubs by TLC.
Dr. Burnham?
A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly, also known as a buster.
Always talking about what he wants and just sits in his broke ass.
So no, I don't want your number.
No, I don't want to give you mine.
And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere.
No, I don't want none of your time.
And no, I don't want no scrub.
A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me.
Hang out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, trying to holla at me.
No scrub.
No scrub.
No no.
No scrub.
No no no no no.
No scrub.
No no.
No.
No.
Got some bad news for you.
What?
Miss Fudge, of course, who would be the one?
Although before he headed, the National Enquire headed on the cover of this week's issue,
which I have a situational issue with what he's talking about.
John Kerry's secret life exposed affairs with stars, drug abuse, and plastic surgery.
And now, Miss Fudge breathlessly reports with like a screaming police flashing light on the top of his website.
Historically, a friendy behind the scene dramas unfolding around Senator Kerry and his quest to lock up the Democratic nomination for president,
campaign drama, rocks Democrats, Kerry fights off media probe of regionalized infidelity, rivals predict ruin.
You ready for that?
No.
In an off the record conversation with a dozen reporters earlier this week's General Westlake Clark,
plainly stated, Kerry will implode over an intern issue.
Kerry commotion is why Howard Dean has turned increasingly aggressive against Kerry in recent days,
and is the key reason why Dean reversed his decision not to drop out of the race after Wisconsin.
Top campaign sources tell the Fudge Pack report.
A serious investigation of the woman in the nature of a relationship with Senator John Kerry has been underway at Time Magazine, ABC News,
the Washington Post, and the Associated Press, where the person questioned, in question once worked.
Ready for that?
No.
So here we go again.
Time to get your passport, boys and girls.
Wow.
Just breathlessly with lights flashing and with just forming at the mouth.
How much did Richard Melonsky pay for this one, baby?
Huh?
Just plastering it.
I hope his girlfriend there in New York.
Hope she's really proud of me, you know.
It's like cutting bitch.
Fag-hag.
Yeah, here it isn't the inquiry, like I said, I didn't bother with this.
Should we take a peek at it?
I got some more bad news.
All of a sudden, you're looking so great.
Yeah.
The fact you just sent me.
Yeah.
Horrendous News.
US Representative Robert Wechler, Democrat of Bucke, filed a lawsuit.
Well, his lawsuit seeking to require electronic voting machines to produce a paper trial was this trail was dismissed yesterday when a Palm Beach County judge ruled he did not have standing to sue.
He filed a lawsuit against Florida Secretary of State Glen Hood and Palm Beach County Supervisor elections to resell up for the anxious one claiming the use of machines that don't produce paper duplicates of the voter cast violates voter rights.
Without that paper trail, a manual recon isn't possible, but it's argued.
But circuit judge Karen Miller ruled yesterday that Wechler didn't have to stand the file suit and since he couldn't prove either as a citizen or public official, he'd been hurt by the voting system.
Wechler's complaints would be better addressed to the legislative remedies.
Her office said.
How do you like that?
I don't.
Nauseating.
Let's see, David says couldn't get through yesterday.
I want to nominate the elephant man is the most depressing movie ever.
Good choice.
Yeah.
For today's poll, infectious grooves says David.
I got nothing.
The best band had less than years easy will co says somebody else Roger.
I beg your pardon.
We got it.
And we're going to help us to John curious of during the next break.
I'm going to have to go through this stuff because evidently it's on it.
It's on the verge of bursting loose now.
Isn't that going to be embarrassing and humiliating?
What do we do now?
What do we do now?
Punty.
Loan Ranger.
We drop back ten yards.
And I guess we just punt.
That's with the P.
Yeah.
The nervous.
Don't turn us in.
I said punt with the P.
I can't find the I mean maybe somebody has stolen all out of my inquire.
Oh no.
I sure is how I'm not going to go over and oh here it is.
Wow.
John Kerry's secret life, the plastic surgery, the marijuana used, the affairs with stars.
First wife, Julia Thorne admitted she's let a lonely life and contemplated suicide while she was married to Kerry.
His conquest allegedly include Dana Delaney, Morgan Fairchild and Catherine Oxenberg and there were many others.
John Kerry is so vain that one former girlfriend says he always wanted to make love where he could see himself in the mirror.
That's the telling revelation of a political insider.
Spoked that the inquire was part of an in-depth investigation of the Democratic presidential frontrunners colorful and controversial secret life.
While Kerry has worked hard to nurture a straight-air or war hero image,
the inquire probe is uncovered shocking details about the senator.
He's an admitted pot smoker with an eye for the ladies and as dated the I just got to tell you who.
He fooled anti-vietnam war demonstrators in the thinking he threw away his military medals during a protest.
He's had plastic surgery at least once while who cares.
Although his iris sounding name has served him well among his many iris constituents and massachusetts, he's actually from Jewish roots.
Uh oh.
Oi!
Voters will be amazed to know about the real John Kerry said a source in Washington.
He is not all that he appears to be and the political insider was followed Kerry's career for years said he's coming with a lot of baggage.
He's so vain the first time he took Hollywood star Dana Delaney home.
His big move was showing her video clips taken of him in the Navy while it was in Vietnam.
She never went out with him again.
He dated Morgan Fairchild and Michelle Phillips and they've been both they both donated to other democratic candidates in this year's election.
What does that tell you what they think of him now in other words other candidates running against him?
It says Kerry could compete with Bill Clinton as a womanizer.
Well guess what seems to be Clinton won two terms, Danny.
Right.
Between his two marriages he was notorious for hitting the singles bars in Boston and Washington with a posse of wealthy friends.
Even after it was married a gorgeous 22 year old blonde was spotted leaving his Boston townhouse in September 98 while his wife was in then tuck it.
Oh and I got a great line for that but not the way things are going right now but just let it go.
Earl says India Ari Ari.
I kind of in the Shade mode folk folk soul don't get a lot of radio play after I think suspected music is too deep and thought provoking for today's studio artist.
I mean studio products is Earl.
Okay. Or you got it.
Laura Jay who's a little bit testy about our poll today.
A little bit foaming at the mouth kind of Laura just calm down Laura.
Please qualify with this statement means who do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years?
Is that a complicated question?
I understand.
No fairs even lower.
Pardon?
It says I just thought it was music on there was a spot.
If you look at billboard you'll see that Celine Dion is one of the top recording artists of the last 10 years.
Her career began to pick after her Titanic hit my heart will go on.
In 1997 and skyrocketed after that that's what was in the last 10 years.
Now if you meant to say who do you think is the best recording artist or group whose career began only in the past 10 years?
That's entirely different.
Well of course that's obviously what we meant.
See right obvious we shouldn't have had to say who began only last 10 years.
Who do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years?
That's pretty obvious.
We're talking about newcomers.
We've made reference to that how many times each hour?
About 30 minutes.
Laura.
Now if you don't like her that's fine.
No I don't like her.
I despiser.
I find her nauseating, revolting.
She makes me want to get on my hands and knees and all fours and just puke all over the floor several times.
So she says it's your show and you certainly can do whatever you want.
Thank you Laura.
But I would like to participate and put in one vote even if that's all it is based on how I interpret the original question.
But that isn't the question see because there's no one on that list thus far from my would vote.
Well see you Laura.
Sorry.
Yeah come back another day and play.
I mean there's no law that says you have to participate in our poll.
Now I guess we left out.
I know y'all need some help.
Give me back for the sex you know.
I can switch the stuff.
Give me back.
Give me back.
Give me back.
Give me back.
Give me back.
Tell the whole world.
The list has nothing to do with it.
We left out destiny's child.
Oh Jay how do we forget to leave it?
I'm always trying.
But I mean I'm trying to be fair now since we're putting groups on there that I'm you know that we aren't all that great.
It's not a question who we like.
Right.
Because who we like the audience don't like anyway.
But that's the answer to how we forgot.
Right.
We're trying to forget it was suburbable.
How do you like that carry stuff huh?
Carry stuff.
There's a lot of you.
No, don't carry.
Yeah.
Yeah well we got the daily death report.
I don't have time for that.
I'll save it for tomorrow.
Thanks again, death man.
But I'll save that.
There's too much of a too heavy of a plate.
It's like a little buffet and loading it up.
And all this care all these strokes.
Adrian says the strokes.
Okay.
Got the strokes.
You want to see the crew stroke it's he said.
Exposing her nip right on our website there.
And then we got the Howard Dean.
So now we're starting to find out what's going on behind the scenes.
And now we know why Howard Dean woman he said well I'm going to quit.
And the next man he said not so fast.
He got an advanced copy.
Now we're finding out that maybe there's something going on behind the screen.
It's a scene.
Yeah.
Wow.
Isn't this going to be humiliating, embarrassing and degrading.
Lovely.
And the way they got to fly you.
You have to go.
I know you don't want to do it.
But you just have to go to the fudge report.
I don't want to do it.
I know.
I want you to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
Because he is just he's got to be squeezing himself so hard that there's blood spurding.
We're all over the day in his bedroom which is probably where he's hanging out.
I don't want to be part of that tally.
No, no, you have to look at it.
You must see this.
Look at the flashing light like a police light.
You know on a cop car.
The bubblegum.
You see it?
Drug report.com.
Come on in here.
I go campaign drama.
Rocks Democrats carry fights off media.
Probe of recent lives in fidelity.
Rivals predict ruins.
Ruin.
Not just bad news but ruin.
Boy.
I'm not getting my bubblegum machine.
You're not?
No, it's loading.
It's slow loading.
Oh my god.
Mine popped right up.
And the website too.
We better rock.
Oh, there it is.
Does it have audio?
No.
This should have audio.
Boy, what a...
Hey, you got a black and white fudge report.
There's color there.
Oh yeah, not on the bulb yet.
There's like a little tiny bit of color like somebody peed on it.
Or like somebody red.
So you read the link on it.
That's about as colorful as you ever get on that crap website.
Oh, but I had 80 brilliant hits.
Yeah, take a hit of this, Matt.
Schmuck.
So there you go.
They're rubbing their hands in their legs together like a grasshopper right now.
Seeing that carry is going down.
But you know something?
If this all comes about.
If it comes about.
That means that Edwards is going to be the man.
Okay.
Would you think?
I'll take him.
I see a ticket of Edwards and Dick Gabbhard.
Or Edwards and West Clark.
Sure.
Got it?
That sounds good.
Not Howard Dean.
Howard Dean, I don't care.
He may be trying to salvage himself, but the fact is that long before any of this surface,
he's proven himself to be a real loser and more ways than one.
Plus he's got that me as wife.
Yeah, me as Kate.
Be careful that you say Kate.
1156 formats still known on a just spastic day here at Q.A.M.
Live and local.
Here's sports radio 560.
Q.A.M.
Mystic King.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Who do you think is?
Intro with C. Michael and C.
Intro with C. Michael and C.
Intro with C.
Michael and C.
Intro with C.
Michael and C.
Intro with C.
Michael and C.
Michael and C.
Intro with C.
Michael and C.
Intro with C.
Michael and C.
How the side you are.
How the side you are.
How the side you are.
How the side you are.
How the side you are.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Sneaking to the car with tins to sticks, your big dabbing box, your black man and wet, whist up the floor, I stained your dress, clean it, be out to a permanent place, I got a little secret
So I can't start doing linda trip, checking out the movies I'm ready to pop, or everybody I'm letting my pants
Eeeeeee, drop!
Provo 3 at 560 WQM, this is a traumatic day isn't it?
Yeah, I guess.
Unbelievable, spastic.
Steve says, how about adding rascal flats to your pool, they're a country band but they're great.
Well, why the hell not?
We didn't say what kind of music, right?
Right.
Why the hell?
We don't want to get Laura all upset against us and other facts, let me just go and put that.
I wonder if that's Laura Ingram, you think?
Probably.
Ah!
Steve Urbay, I mean that Dave Matthews band, sorry.
What do you think was the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years?
We're talking about people that just came to be known in the last 10 years, right?
Not people who've been around a hundred years old trolls like Celine Dion, okay?
Dave Matthews band 75 Outcast 26 Radiohead 25 M&M 21 Nora Jones 19.
The food fighters, what do they got?
19.
Should I have 20 19, cool place 16, Lincoln Park 15, kid rock 10, Beyonce 9.
Avril Lavigne 7, White Strap 7, Nelly Furtado 6, and it's a single digit down from there.
So what about the Curie thing?
What do we do now?
Drop back, drop back to about 15 yards pun.
And watch that ball, watch who the balls roll.
I mean just psychotic hysterical, the Fudge Report foaming at them out that all body parts spewing all kinds of green ooze out of his...
Welcome!
Wow.
WDQA, hello.
Hey, Leo.
Yes sir.
Matchbox 20.
Matchbox 20 is a good choice.
All right, cool.
All right, buddy.
Thanks, thanks, Kelly.
How come you didn't think of matchbox 20?
I don't know, maybe older than 10 years, but...
Oh, let me look.
Yeah.
Then run for a long time.
No, get out of here.
You're right here.
You're right here.
Imitated and duplicated matchbox 20.
And palpitated?
See.
How about Gordon Lightfoot?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Let's see, matchbox, how about Sarah McLaughlin?
There you go.
What's wrong with her?
Nothing.
What's not to like about Sarah McLaughlin?
She's Canadian, eh?
I'm beginning to think everybody's Canadian.
Oh, the good, too, I guess.
All the one?
All the good people.
Right.
There's a few straight people here.
Fuck third, man!
Let's see, Dave Matthews' band.
Who am I looking for?
That's box 20.
Oh, matchbox 20.
No, you're wrong.
They're from Orlando.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
What?
Rob Thomas?
Yeah, of course.
Is he smooth?
He is.
A smoothie.
Like I said, bad choice, but they do qualify because in 97.
They had push in 97.
All right.
So on they go.
Rob Thomas?
Oh my God.
I'm so sorry.
I said they do.
They don't say his name without saying that.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, like when that Santa Aniston came out.
Oh, which meant with matchbox 20s, Rob Thomas?
With Rob Thomas?
Yeah.
If I ever hear that one more time, I'm going to shoot somebody in the foot anyway.
5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
WI-L-E-Q-A-M-HELLO.
WI-L-E-Q-A-M-HELLO.
WI-L-E-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, oh.
How can I see the four of us right at 91.90?
You guys think that one off to?
How can I see his old?
Yeah, but they dropped like at 91.
Oh my God.
Well, that'll be good news.
Thanks a lot.
If we get them off of there.
Wouldn't that be good?
Yeah.
I would be delighted to get them off my list.
I like outcast.
I don't.
I don't.
They get outcast 94.
Well, their first hit was 94.
That's 10 years.
Leave them on there.
Yeah.
They may have started diddling around 91, but their first hit was 94.
That's what counts.
When they came into prominence.
When somebody actually heard of them, see what I'm saying?
5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless line.
Don't forget, join Jo and Mark tonight, 10 PM to midnight, in the San Bar at the Grove
period.
Stop out of enjoy $3 best and best lies.
Plus enjoy a chance to win tickets and t-shirts at the 10th of the night, San Bar on the
Grove.
I've got so much crap piled up here.
I can't even read the stuff.
Does anybody care?
No.
I'll join Mark Mike here.
Come to QA.
I'm Hello.
I'll cast 90, come out 94.
How big a pardon?
I'll cast 90.
I have their first album 94.
That's what I just said.
Sorry about that.
Okay.
56070560.
Well, let's see.
2004 and 94.
And it was July, by the way, which this is only February last time I checked.
Ain't that like right about 10 years?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm just checking if my math is correct.
I mean, that could be wrong.
I'm old in Fibral.
Let's see.
Pearl Jam.
Pearl Jam came out in what?
About 1825.
Pearl Jam 2.
Something like that, right?
Raise against the machine.
I could not look it up.
You're lucky I got my book here, man.
I'm the floor, my 850 pound book and the smashing pumpkins.
How do I speak of the smashing?
10 years old, 5th.
What is it?
I think they're old.
He ever ruck get out of that joint.
Did you say joint?
Let's see.
Oh, Delarice.
Let's get in here on there.
I betcha, betcha, what's your name?
We'll vote for her.
Laura.
Laura Ingraham will vote for Delarice.
Although she probably won't because she was dused by an angel.
Let's see.
Raise against the machine.
The rascals.
The raspberries.
Oh, I love the raspberries.
Don't you?
Like a little whipped cream on them.
Oh, I mean, raise against the machine is not in my book.
How can that be?
It means they never had a top 40 hit.
Oh, oh, I see.
They're just not commercial enough to be in this book.
That's how that be.
Correct.
Well, you can look them up on the air while I'm doing this.
And so I shall.
So you shall.
I mean, you can sit there on the fudge report.
Okay.
And then be packing at the whole tunnel.
Oh, man.
I sure hope you got off of that thing real quick.
Backed out of there so fast.
Fashing pumpkins November 94.
All right.
Okay.
Let's see.
Turing keyboardist Jonathan Melvoine, brother of Wendy Moell,
a winter princess revolution, died of a hero in overdose on 71296 at the age of 34.
Do you see?
A little bit of a problem there.
The sman's pumpkins just a little bit too smashed.
I do.
I love them a lot.
They're great.
Now, did you look up raging against the your machine looking down?
Well, you know, something I wouldn't blame me if you had raging against that machine because it's so frickin' slow.
Yeah.
Well, that's what we got.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I'll get before this hour's on.
But I want to read.
Well, this is going to take me two days to read this whole Michael Jackson thing from this, this month's the March edition, March issue of Vanity Fair.
And it'll make you want to puke all over your carpenting, all over your expensive carpenting.
And you can go drive concepts, right?
Right.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, who is this?
This is Neil.
Who are you calling?
You calling for me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, I'm going to shoot today.
I'm going to have to agree with Dave Matthews.
You agree on what?
I agree that that's the best.
Okay.
And also, I don't think, I don't agree with, with rage against machines.
Other things like not together anymore?
Like what?
They're not together anymore.
Rage against the machines in the together anymore, George?
No, they're not.
No, that's what Johnson is.
he joshes on it. So then let's see, muffler, hello. Okay, thanks, pal. It's 92 anyway. Plus it's 92. So guess what?
Rage against the machine. They're not together anymore and it was 92. What about band on an almond?
What about it? I'm sorry. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. What about the call?
The video you went in the middle. Hey, yes sir. How about collective soul?
Collective soul. Yeah, what do you think? I don't know. Check the date.
May I think one year under the line? Under the line? Yeah. They're not going to be in this book anyway.
Yeah, the other way. Okay, thanks, pal. I get lost. Collective soul. Phil Collins. Collective soul. He's
he's perfect. He's got a thumb right on him, Annette guy. 6494. Shine. Okay. Okay.
She gave it to me by the time and Roy Cohen and gave her Hoover. It's a tremendous past noon at 5 60 WQM.
Man, I'd say to this, that carry thing just. It's like it's like we were just on such a role here.
You know, in all of a sense, like somebody just like a gigantic balloon, a balloon with a pin.
I guess you're more deflated than I am because what? I was just happy with anybody but bush.
No, I understand that, but don't you understand? He's he's 30 points ahead of his passion.
And I started to say before I interrupted myself that if this all pans out, okay?
And if this all blows up in his post, at least better than we find out now, it's only right as opposed to
hey, guess what? It's like a weekend for the Democratic Convention. He's the candidate at oops. Oops.
Here we go again. Right. So if we come to find out, he's got just too much
propanous baggage to carry into the election. Right. Voting. He's clean. Right. Voting. He's clean or
Edwards because he's pristine. Yeah, he is. Right. Except for that thing on his lip.
I miss was bitching about that thing on his lip this morning. He told a lot of us. He wouldn't tell
him what it was. I miss has those all over his face. He's got a face. How can he tell us?
I was going to his head. Yeah, he's going to be going to his headway now with earphones. 12 and a top
13 at 560 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. I bet you George's life on it.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing
costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points. Here to yourself
that new amazing low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan,
you pay only three hundred and thirty four bucks a month. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar
loan, you pay only six sixty eight a month. And don't forget, once you refinance it, you know,
home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call them today
and find out all about it. Call 1-800-940-Lend. White Stripes. The new kids on the ride.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without any further
cost or expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero closing cost. Even when you
move to another property, get that new low rate rate financing of just 1.25%. It's the only one
mortgage from financial group for details. Call 1-800-940-Lend and never pay closing costs again.
I always like it. Words he looks a lot younger than 50. Financial group 1-800-940-LND,
either an equal housing lender, restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change monthly,
4.21 APR.
My, my, and low. This is 4.0560.
How come I don't see Brittany on our pool?
Huh? Good question.
I mentioned a lot of people like that Brittany on their pool.
It's right. She is toxic, man.
And also Pearl Jam 94.
Okay. Okay. So we're screwing up all over the place.
I want to...
Okay, well this is very accurate.
I need that one.
Nine inch nails.
Yes it is.
I want a f*** you like an animal!
Like a pilly goat.
Damn it this thing's not on!
How come this isn't working?
What you treet you knocked over my bonga?
Nine inch nails.
Unplugged. Only on M.T.V.
Okay Pearl Jam 94 will get that on there right away.
I'm positive about that. Somebody says Lady and Jupiter says no doubt.
And we'll get that on there no doubt.
Even though...
Okay.
What about this thing about the Broward County government corruption and its worst and the new times and the north?
That doesn't sound like something we're going to talk about, does it?
What?
About the North Broward hospital district?
Oh I don't know.
And a big expose by new times.
I think we've got more important fish to fry. Maybe not more important but I'll look at it later.
Because it's got a link to a website.
Thanks a lot but we'll see.
Just being overloaded with crap here today, you know what I mean?
Now isn't that interesting? What is your up? There's your boys.
Where you at?
Oh that's a link. They're not out there.
I love the loud.
Link 182 there aren't they?
One of their best songs ever. Well they should be.
Link 182.
And the good part of this one is they're not in their underwear.
Right.
This is the next one.
I didn't think enough until the first two got one.
You'll be sorry where I'm gone.
Oh right.
I never come to any games since the team just had such better days.
Those were nice.
We're making a lot of progress.
So we get from Link 182 to away from Lumpiskin.
Anyway getting back to the Brittany thing.
You notice how I haven't even changed a channel.
I've got all these different music channels.
Right from versions of MTV and much music.
But the Brittany thing was under twice within what a half an hour.
45 minutes. They're about 20 minutes.
How do you like that?
Toxic.
And in the meantime MTV and America says, well based on all of this beer over Janet Jackson's titty.
We're not going to put that on before 10 o'clock at night.
We're going to show Toxic 10 pm to 6 am because Viacom is crap in their pants.
The good news is Viacom doesn't own much music.
Maybe we should get our pilgrim gear back out of the closet.
Or maybe just head on across an agro falls from across and come on over.
Get those hats.
That was a fuckle shoe because it is so pathetic man.
The culture wars in America are exploding.
And people have thought that some of us were exaggerating when we talked about fascism in America.
And the goose stepping Nazis that have taken over the country.
Forget about it. Forget about the First Amendment because you've got two political parties there.
With the backbone of a fruit fly.
With the backbone of Greg Reed.
Man, anyway, getting back to Michael Jackson.
This magazine, this vanity fair.
You only wish you had in the bank whatever they're getting for the advertising and this thing.
You can't even find the table of contents.
It sponsored all that.
And of course you'd also like to see some of the people in it.
But that's beside another fair.
Vanity fair in the March issue just out yesterday along with a swimsuit issue of sports illustrated with Anna Cornelhoia.
Over the years, Jackson has dulled out millions of millions of dollars to lawyers, doctors, accountants, security people, con men, voodoo chiefs,
business advisors, members of his bankrupted dysfunctional family.
And ex-wife who allegedly threatened to kill his secrets, former staffers on remittance and the families of young boys.
He has made his special friends all over the world.
There is almost never a time when he is free of crisis.
And as a result, say many who know him.
It's become more and more difficult for him to trust his advisors not to feel paranoid about something.
He has a lot of skeletons in his closets as Lee.
That's young, holy.
Some are real and some are in his mind which makes him a prisoner of all those around him.
The result is often chaos.
Jackson has a $200 million plus bank loan guaranteed by his half interest in the Sony ATV music catalog, which owns the publishing rights to 251 Beatles songs and many other pop songs.
And it falls due in 2005.
These days it's difficult to get a straight read on Jackson's finances other than the cash flow situation which is reportedly dire.
Nobody really knows if there's money or not says either reason or one of his recent managers.
The coveted Sony ATV catalog is worth hundreds of millions of dollars however.
As I reported in this magazine last year, Sony has the right to first refusal of Jackson 4th to sell his share and he cannot sell, according to the lead before October 2005, the 10th anniversary of the partnership.
There are reports that Jackson meanwhile is being bailed out by a number of interested parties including Alvin Malnick.
Remember we talked about that?
Yes.
The flamboyant Miami lawyer who once represented Meyer Lansky about their great friendship.
Malnick reportedly put up much of the money to settle two civil suits against Jackson last year, a figure estimated to close to $10 million.
In times of trouble in the past, most notably during his first molestation case, Jackson has turned to drugs.
Cat Pelicano remembers a very high Michael Jackson in her house in August 93 nodding out and drinking glass after glass of orange soda.
Cat is the former wife of Anthony Pelicano, the private investigator who worked back then for Jackson's attorneys, Bert Fields and Howard Weitzman.
Fields has been questioned in a current FBI investigation involving Pelicano's use of wiretapping for clients.
Pelicano, who's now in jail, was then the muscle that Jackson's team used to intimidate potential witnesses against the singer and to accuse Jordi Chandler's father of extortion.
After the first molestation scandal broke, Anthony wanted to get Michael out of the country as soon as possible, Cat says,
when Michael came into the house, my three-year-old daughter asked if he were a boy or a girl.
I told her a boy that some boys had long hair, but did they wear makeup, she asked?
That day, Cat Drover has been in Jackson to the airport where they boarded a private jet for Asia, a few months later, Jackson checked himself into a London detox center.
His state that was prompted by a frantic phone call, a Mexican doctor had made to one of the pop stars business advisors who recalls,
the doctor said, either the drugs are going to kill him or he's going to die by flying out of a window because he thinks he can fly, you better get someone here who listen to.
Otherwise, there won't be a Michael Jackson.
Elizabeth Taylor was enlisted, that bag hang. She immediately said, I'll go, she got him into rehab and he got himself out right away.
While Jackson was in London undergoing detox, LA and Santa Barbara authorities negotiated terms for his coming back to have his,
genitals photographed. If he returned voluntarily, they wouldn't handcuff or arrest him.
It turned out that Jordi Chandler had been able to draw very accurately certain distinctive markings on Jackson, which gave the boys lawyers the ammunition they needed to settle the civil suit at such a high price.
The case was settled the night before Jackson was to give his deposition.
Several months later, when the authorities were finally ready to bring charges, the boy and his family declined to prosecute, saying they feared they would be harmed.
There were reports the boy and the current cases also provided drawings of Jackson's private parts to the police.
Throughout the 90s, Jackson portrayed himself as sort of a pure, a ethereal Peter Pan, but he had serious drug problems.
Last year, I covered the civil trial in which European concert promoter Marcel Avram was suing Jackson for $21.2 million for canceling two millennium concert schedule for New Year's 2000.
During his first appearance in from the jury, Jackson practically fell asleep and when he came back later, he grimaced its spectators, made devils horns with his fingers and generally behaved as if he were 12 years old.
He ended up losing the case and having to pay Avram $5.3 million.
Looking back, I remember being struck by one exhibit presented by the plaintiff, Avram said he had paid to two German doctors for nearly $264,000.
I later learned that the doctors had not only taken care of an injury Jackson suffer when he fell on stage in Munich in 1999, but also previously put him through drug detox.
In expense reports submitted in Lausanne that young Holy brought against Jackson, which was settled last June, their entry showing $62,645 over to the Mickey Fine Pharmacy in Beverly Hills.
I wonder if that's like the Mighty Fine Pharmacy, the Mickey Fine Pharmacy in Beverly Hills.
Maybe he and Rush could compare notes, you think? Maybe they could do rehab together.
Or at least Rush could give him almost phone number anyway.
27 past noon at 5.60 WQML City where you can go and relieve yourself from all the stress in the world and that's the world famous pizza lot.
Just pick out. The prices are so low and the portions are so big guaranteed you walk out of there with a big smile on your pussy and you'll be as they say in Czechoslovakia, Gisborne and Pupik.
Isn't that what they say? All the time. In the Czech Republic.
Anyway, they got it all. Every kind of pasta that you've ever loved and the something you've even heard of.
They got chicken dishes and veal and seafood, cow's own, super subs, garlic rolls just dripping with garlic to the best you've ever had and three different kinds of fantastic pizza.
Everything is cooked fresh to order just the way you like it. Nothing soggy enough to sit around all day, waiting to fall into a lump.
You'll find a pizza lot in the pizza lot. Plies on university, drag between 5.95 and RodeWrite Beyond Pier 1 imports for takeoff, for delivery, for catering which they do for as low as $5 per person,
call 9.5.4.916.8880. If you should go in there by the way, happy to see the rumors eating for free, please notify the authorities.
9.5.4.916.8880 for the world famous pizza loft in Davy.
9.5.4.916.8880. This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't can't wait.
The hottest working criminal in show business is back in jail.
And that's where he's recording his brand new CV. James Barles, dumbest hits.
I screwed up, good. You knew that one now.
Scudder, scudder, I got caught.
It's James Barles, dumbest hits. There's no bad. No back and fingers and no audience.
It's just James Barles getting down in luck.
That was gonna brand new. Could've planned it.
Yeah.
The Godfather of parole has made another God off of a snake, but he's not ashamed.
If I didn't hold, say it now. I'm back and dead and I'm proud.
Put down that licking stick and pick up James Barles, dumbest hits.
Hey, the way we fight, the deal is James Brown.
Won't you buy my latest criminal record?
No. Thank you very much, Godfather.
Now available on Capitol offense records.
Yeah, put that out, licking stick. 1232 and 560 WDQM.
Miss Fudge wants you to know that it's a world exclusive and you must mention the drug of the Fudge Report
and give credit where credit is due to the drug.
Fudge Report and smudge.
Okay. Fulming it to mouth. And of course that right wing pipeline that's connected to his...
Right, go.
I mean, you just know they're pulling out the smoke right in there.
So you just know it's coming right from the horses and...
Like the Alaska pipeline?
Exactly.
It's like the oily bird.
567-0560, the best recording group of the past 10 years or artist or whatever.
George Dono Sam Roberts, which means it's pretty inversely in the main.
Well, I'm finally glad over music on Burst You and something.
Dave Matthews van is pretty inversely 91.
I mean, how is that possible? Can you explain that to me?
Freep.
There must be Republicans.
Outcast 29, radio hit 28, the Fulfighters 24.
I wonder if you'd rather see the Fulfighters on your plane or that pilot, that Christian pilot?
Cracker, please.
Norgion's 22, M&M-22 speaking of crackers.
Chennai-22, Lincoln Park 17, Coldplay 16, Counting Cros 14, Kid Rock 14.
Beyonce, she'd been having nine.
Lint Biscuit 8, Shakira's got eight, Over Levine 8, White Stripe 7, Sean Paul's got six.
RuPaul ain't made the list yet.
Nelly Furtado 6, Pearl Jam 6, and we apologize.
I thought they were around longer than that.
I didn't know.
Well, their first hit was 94 and that's what qualifies, okay?
It just seems like they've been around a long time.
Too long.
Yeah.
Matchbox 24, Sarah McLaughlin 4, system of down 4, Incubus 3, Incubus is great.
Sensational.
Yeah.
Who knows who that is.
That is.
Just shut up.
Queens of the Stone Age 3.
I got it.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They fucked this again.
They were butt to ass.
That's not dead enough.
That's not dead enough.
We need to be careful.
That's not dead enough.
In that case, and it's dead enough,
not dead enough.
They've been surviving,
Don't it make sense to you figure rhymes with
Bigger
See there you go to cracking a whip if you don't stop that jazz man. You're gonna be on the outside looking in
560
0560 pound of the zoo pound 560 on the AT&T and
Verizon wireless line with the mocus
See there he goes again with those president bush comments you better start respecting your president here
You're a dictator. No, I think they're gonna call off the election
I think that's what miss fudges counting on they're gonna call off the whole election
Because if Edward gets it then they're gonna tell you what that chirpy is on his lip
It's a shanker WQA. Hello, and you know how you doing pretty good all right
Just a clarification of Pearl Jam. I don't know what book you're reading but their first album came out in 1991
yeah, and
Yeah, but their first hit was 94 so we'll give them a break
We got a lot of people out there want to vote for them and if it makes them feel better. I mean aren't they entitled?
I guess what the world's going to hold a hand-buffer anyone exactly
Yeah, I like to nominate the band
Audio slice audio slice
Oh audio slave. Yes, now we're talking. Okay. Thanks, pali
Okay, no problem. Have a great day. They're the old rage against the machine
Oh
The machine so in other words by hooker by crook we got a minor one where they're the right audio slave see
Now we're gonna help out here that what station in South Florida assuming I was there which I'm not what station
When I hear audio slave on what it X Zeta
On Zeta I wouldn't know
Yeah, the bus my radio's got an automatic tune out on Zeta
When you press the search button, you know and it goes up and on the FM and it automatically hops over it
Just like that mine goes to Omega
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's line nine which is always spectacular QAM
Sir, how you doing pali?
And we practically work together at one time really
Yeah, I was back in Zeta during the Mike Lyons days Mike Lyons remember him holy crap
Man, it's been a while. I've been trying to forget that
Remember the old Mark Coon days man Mark Coon I'm Mark the Queen myster and David Hesley anyway. What do you got?
That's George man, I want to just give George some kudos man. He's doing a hell of a job. Well, what's he doing?
You mean on the show I see
Okay, listen hang in there man, all right you two Neil and congratulations for getting out of the business
Oh, I think I'm not doing the business you are I am working
In Oregon
Congrats for getting out of South Florida. That's what I meant
See you around man. Bye
QAM. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir
I know I had a question the hot couples contest. Yes
Do
You guys take make it new pictures or no? Please absolutely for the fact we're dying for him could we?
Please and all right, or please
Thanks, I got
Don't say so excellent. Yeah, we don't know what he's gonna send. Maybe it's him and two chimpanzees
We don't know we'll take it. We'll take whatever you got
Don't forget tomorrow at two o'clock to the deadline hot couples contest
email those pictures to contest at Neil Rogers dot com clad on clad
Neck it is a jaybird in the shower doing the old shower of power on the old tower. Whatever you're doing and
At next week we put all the pictures on there and you have a chance to vote and of course whoever has the most friends wins
I mean couple of the most votes at the end of the week next week at two o'clock next Friday week from tomorrow
Wins their choice either a trip of fertility hedonism in Jamaica three-night vacation all inclusive including meals and beverages no airfare personal expenses or
A two-night vacation at the world always is resorting casino in the Bahamas
Which includes airfare the other stuff you better pay but that includes airfare to Grand Bahama Island and whichever
The first place winner gets then the second place the trip goes to whoever's the runner up got it got it and the third place
Winner it gets the dinner for two at the pizza lock where can enjoy a fabulous meal and enjoy Jeff given away females
To very important people and some who aren't all that important at all
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 they Matthew's band me really makes me wonder you think we're getting a free
Yes, no then no we're not no because when we put it on there we both said we didn't like them so therefore no all right
They're extraordinarily popular. I mean I know that comes as a tremendous. It's difficult to accept that
I know but nevertheless just like destiny's child now. Did we ever put them on there? I don't
Yes, we did
You got any votes?
Let's see now the Blothorn gang has gotten none which may seem just want to lay down a floor and they don't write sounds
What do you mean by that? That means they haven't done anything lately. So what difference does that make a lot to them
Where I don't see destiny's child. Did they hop over all these other people? Where are they?
You got your thumb on them. They got zero
They got zero like I said I feel a whole lot better about life now and no doubt got zero
All right, I told you we're gonna make a big turn around here in spud is scary John Kerry while we'll see what happens
Well as though before we start rushing to judgment you mean by rush
We start popping anymore pills rushing to judgment
We'll just calm down. We'll consider the source. You know, he's hyperventilating hop it up and down like rumble still
And you know what Matt you're still still hating fact
19 till one at five sixty wqm. Hey guys Valentine's Day is this Saturday
Why not send something sweet to miss fudge huh like maybe some chocolate fudge
Well, I don't give the same old candy and terrible flowers this year to somebody that really counts unless you're planning to gain the same old
Nothing she usually gives you in return for good reason
Think about these three words for Mont Teddy bear send her a bear gram right at work at the orifice
The love her boy bear the love bandit bear the new all-star Valentine dress like a sports fan when it gets to the orifice
She'll be completely surprised out of her co-workers will think hey she must be hanging out with the greatest guy in the world for sending such an original
Thoughtful gift then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping for just call one eight hundred eight two nine bear in the friendly bear
Consul will help you choose the perfect bear for your valentine delivered with a free chocolate in their famous gift box
It only takes five minutes to make your order and overnight delivered to the homeroppages still guaranteed
You still have time so if you're still frid in your thumbs
Wonder about what to do for that special lady or both of them call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online
at Vermont teddy bear dot com
Said your valentine something new something creative something exciting the alternative to flowers call one eight hundred eight two nine bear
And tell him that cranky old Neil told you to call one eight hundred eight two nine B E A R
Find a local
This is five cities
The radio's all yours
You ain't
You
Mean
I
You know me these
It's my turn to go to your never-land
Your father lies
I'm on my list
Back to him
Last time
And you know what they say
But younger they are the better
I'm on my list
I'm on my list
I'm on my list
I feel million makes it right
I'm on my list
I'll get you
I'll get you
Here's somebody else we left off
How could we do that?
Pink as in one of the pink
And one of the
Have I got pardoned?
I said indeed
Yes
Man doubts himself with gasoline
In order to bank and threatens to send himself on fire
Okay
A disgruntled customer doubts himself with gas in a downtown bank and threatened to ignite himself this morning
For order to help pull these said
Police talked to man to setting aside his the volatile fuel
Which was stored in a plastic gatorade bottle
And the lighter
And then took him into custody with no store of low injuries reported the incident started around 10 to 40 this morning
In the lobby of the some-trust bank building in the 500 block of East Las Olas
Police said the unidentified man walked in said something
Mumbled a little bit like that
And then sat down on the floor of the lobby after dassing himself with gas
He threatened to like the lighter that he was holding
Employees and customers were quickly evacuated from the bank
While police talked with the man
They eventually talked him into settling down
And setting down both the lighter and gasoline and surrendering after the men was washed down
They washed him off
He was placed under observation rules
Sited in these states Baker Act
Which allows police to take somebody to custody temporarily if they're in danger to themselves or others
The Baker Act isn't
Like they showed an under-grade read long time ago
Before he screwed up QAM
By the way Joe Rose has worked nine weeks in the morning
Eight to ten seconds to hasn't got paid a dime
I just thought I'd mention it again
For the embarrassment factor for Greg
Wow
Hey listen
You wouldn't face anybody either if you thought you could keep getting that
That's why he keeps stalling
You know
Remember all the paperwork with this one
And that one no don't don't you know don't put them on a payroll install if you wish
Because then that way you get their services for free
Because the word retroactive isn't in the beastly corporate handbook
Nobody gets paid retroactive
Unbelievable
Scandalous
But if that's the way we do it that's just the way we do it
And of course the FCC would all this outrage about Janet Jackson's booby
Let's really outrage us and obscene is the way the let him just a small handful of companies buy up every then and now of course this Comcast does
Anything if that goes down which I don't think it will
I think now that the spotlight is on these batches
I think they're finally going to draw the line right there
You think?
Let's hope
And I'll tell you he's going to be the happiest about it
Oh I said
Yeah
Has he continued struggling by his fingernails trying to hang on to it
WQAM, hello
Yeah I can speak the nail
Speaking
Yeah I know I got one free pull
Okay
The chin blossoms
The chin blossoms
Hello
The chin ball
The chin blossoms
What kind of a zad?
Or the chin blossoms
Yeah, what's he talking about?
The chin blossoms
Go back to your other stuff he were talking about last time
Is he just babbling?
No, he never knows
We're putting them on there
Who?
The chin blossoms
The chin blossoms
That's what I tried to say to you
He kept saying the chin blossoms
I know he was
I think that can't place a mean chin ball if he asked me
Some of these people are very inarticulate you know what?
Maybe they've been drinking too much
Gin
Jesus juice
Maybe they've been playing too much
Gin rummy
Or drinking too much Jesus juice out of soda cans
Don't let me forget to read some more of that Michael Jackson stuff before the show is out
Hey, don't forget to continue under tomorrow and maybe even the Monday
It's a long piece
It's a long, long piece
What?
You know, it will save you like five of them
How I wonder how much this is in the US of A?
It was five and a half bucks Canadian
Because it's a big four fifty
It will save you four and a half bucks from by the March Vanity Fair
WQA and Hello
Hey, Neil, I'm the one
Yes sir
Hey, I got one free poll that you get for a guy
Good one, okay
Super furry animals
Super furry animals
Yeah
I have a lot of good songs
Such as
Um, duh
Yeah
My favorite
Isn't that your favorite?
Sure
Oh yeah, my favorite song of theirs too
Super furry bush
I can't believe that no, what I don't know
They don't know from nothing to Bloodhound gang
I guess they weren't that big in the US in the first place were they?
The big ones
You and your Rocky Mark
You and me
You and me
You and me
You and me
I'm fit with monkeys
I get my life
Plus than nothing
You just broke me
Beauty can't talk about those feces no more man
The feces of the species can't be doing that one no more either
Because Michael's pals
Oh, which reminds me
Was it Myra Breckenridge by Gord Vidal or was it Myron?
I think it was Myra Breckenridge where he used the names of the Supreme Court
Justices who voted, you know, the seven dirty words this is against WBAI and George Carlin
He used the names of the justices to describe private parts
Okay
And for example penis was Renquist with that time was just none of the justice not the chief justice
Which he is now unfortunately that Nazi William Renquist
Renquist he substituted all through the book for the word penis
For breasts guess what word who was the oh it's so ironic
Powell
How do I say it?
For heaving Powell's
Puh, puh, puh, puh
And that grade?
That is great
So go on read Myra Breckenridge and you'll probably start walking around and dress guys
Kevin Q.A.M. Hello
Yes is this Neil Rogers?
Yes sir
Okay Neil I have something really important for you
I think you appreciate this
If you can and people that you know can push for the idea of the National Democratic Party pushing for a constitutional amendment
That would ban the outsourcing of jobs to foreign countries
Oh yeah that's coming next week we're going to be pushing for that real hard
Let's start pushing it right now right
This guy doesn't listen now president and his people told us two days ago that that's good for the economy
Here for the American workers
And you thought overseas is good taking all of these big corporations and allowing them to ship all those thousands and thousands and zillions of jobs overseas
So they can get those 50 cent a day Chinese workers to build all their craft
That's good for the economy
Hold your breath pal you're in a dream world man
Give yourself some medication and a good tank of oxygen and take a deep breath
5 6 7 0 5 60
Count 5 6 8 8 and 10 and Verizon wireless line
I'll say it again CNN loot jobs last night they took a poll on that
Outsourcing jobs good for the economy good for the American worker or a bad
95% of the thousands are that bad not good
What a surprise huh
And the other 5% said
Who was that one another 5% were like like I said the 5% and now we're a
Chicanos
And of course this comes run on the Hill of El President he's saying hey all those illegal aliens coming on in
Well, let's give them a little bit of you know time to hang around and do their thing they're providing
You know it's funny about that is you know how you used to joke you used to joke about as soon as they wash up on shore
They get a driver's license and a dire 57 Chevy right now
Well now
That's right
So you can't complain about American workers anymore because pretty soon if you leave bush in there there won't be any
But everything's just fine right oh we're fine WQM hello
You
Yes sir
Hello
WQM hello
Hello good
Yeah
I have a question for you
Go ahead
Why can't I pick up the you just show on my computer because you suck
George said that I didn't say that well why do you say that to him that's what yeah
This guy is a little too slow for me to be messing with he's not looking for a smart response
What do you mean you can't pick it up are you how about on your pop up posters are coming on that
Where were you calling from?
Miami Miami that why do you need on your computer don't you have a radio did you try opening the windows
I'm trying to find a car but I want trying to get on information to get you on the computer
Oh Miami it's not allowed in Miami the mayor won't allow mayor Diaz won't love Miami
5670560 we've been banned in Miami baby and pretty soon if Michael Powell has this way you know I would love to do
I would love to do a show on the internet I realized I couldn't make this kind of money but why not maybe
Maybe that's the future right then of course with my luck just today that we started all the FCC had Congress
Pass another law today and now the FCC is regulating all content on the internet and they can't say crap
Right it'll happen like the day that I did the show with for a while for an hour right or did we do an hour
40 minutes I think we do that twice I was like I think the day was his very first day that he was supposed to start when a transmitter went out for a couple of hours
That was the day he never got on the year and so for all and I did a show on the on the internet and we said
And the F word and the S word and the P word and the C word and the D word and the A word and every words have been invented
A day and it was a lot of fun as opposed to the fact that they forced us to do because we have to watch our language
Because we have the word police the language police we have the pot police the J walking police and now we have the god damn
And the thing that is so unbelievable how many stupid people are could be out there why aren't they just screaming at the talking head that works in the networks
They keep every time there's a story associated with these hearings that are going on or anything else have it with Janet and Justin
They show it over and over now okay so I'm not seeing the booby boy differences to make at this point you've seen it 75 million times already
But they keep showing it again and again how many million times we've seen it already
But third man who the hell cares are you disgusted yet I wasn't disgusted the first time well look at it again
I really couldn't care all always if you look at near Rogers dot com you'll see both boobies in the nice nice matching set isn't amazing how much they look like each other
We look at the back page because it was getting crowded up front. Oh yeah we got so much stuff going on that website right now man
You got the Angelina Jolie today with the little nip action right in fact everybody have a little nip today
Everything is our going wouldn't surprise me if everybody takes a good nip
We're sports radio 560
You way yeah
But heads it's the one to do our you love Shakira's time ten years underneath your clothes
Oh look at the clock that's nearly the story
And now you'll love her new album Shakira sings other people's hits
She already made music history by recording her first English language album
And now she's taking her art form to the next level by re-recording songs that were already hits in English
Only this time there in English again
And now she's taking her art form to the next level by re-recording songs
Shakira sings other people's hits
Shakira sings other people's her own
If you really really like Shakira's CD laundry service then you'll really really really like her new CD
Shakira sings other people's hits
No denemos en español en estos momentos
I'll tell you one thing, be sure to write a note to self on your wrist, I'll allow me a momento
See?
See the toxic video by Britney Spears, I guarantee everybody will be moist within the first twenty seconds
Okay, I have a towel that
Okay, appearing Wednesday on ABC's Good Morning America
Jason Williams' wife Tanya said he has been frustrated by the claims made against him since the shooting of that limo driver
Gus Kristoffi and reveal that he's created a website to thank her husband supporters, isn't that great?
No, I'm curious because I've been reading everything I can get my hands on
And I can't find no more about that dead dog, you know, the rock-watter, his pet rock-watter, that he lost the bed on and then
Shot him in the head and one other time and killed him, only we care about that dog
I mean it says here, Jason Williams is known both in the NBA where of course he used to play for the nets
His community and his family as a big teddy bear, they said
Right
I think the dog committed suicide and so did Gus Kristoffi with a 30 inch shotgun
With three feet long
Yeah
And that always a good idea to commit suicide with a three foot long shotgun
If your arms are three and a half feet long
But the only problem is that the shot was from not that close range
So probably what he did is he handed it to the dog
But that's right, the dog was already dead, right?
Well I got a new dog, he gave it to the dog and said I'm gonna walk across the room and pull it
And he passed, so he shot from across the room and then he ran ahead and then
He ran in and just like Tom Welling, right, he caught the bullet in his chest
He had only problem on the light, Tom Welling was, he died, caught the shot
And when Jason came in and was like blowing into his mouth
In fact, maybe before the shooting he was blowing into his mouth
But anyway, and the guy said he's dead, the cop said he's dead
Or whoever the hell it was
Not the cop, the cops went there, who was it said he's dead?
Dr. McCoy
Dr. Robert Young
And anyway, he said, oh man
That's what he said
Oh man
Yeah, just like that
Oh man
It's not just like OJ
Oh man
Oh man
And anyway, Jason Wiggins was a scumbag
Anybody who likes him?
Scumbag
There you go
5, 6, 7, what do you think is the best recording artist or group to come along in the past 10 years?
See now, and I were saying it to come along, probably should have put that in there otherwise we won't get what's your name all upset again?
What was your name?
I don't know, lady
Laura
I wonder if that was Dr. Laura Slesinger
Hey, we got nude pictures of her
Oh wait, now we're not going to pollute our website with that crap, okay?
Anybody want to see that?
No
You can see her pie
Oh jeez
No chance
WQA, I'm hello
Yeah, I'm glad you brought that up
See, he's out of a whole new thing
Okay, we've got him cornered, we got him corralled now
So he's got a whole new deal
Your buddy, your close personal friend
Yeah, I'm like, what?
WQA, hello
Hey Neil
Yes, sir
It's my anniversary today
Three years removed from South Florida's environment
Where?
It's my anniversary three years removed from South Florida
To where?
I think the Sarasota
Wow, you know
The reason I'm calling you is that
During the Ileon stuff, you know
One thing that really impressed me about
How you talked about how the media just
Distributed everything
They called all the problems
Over here they're doing the same thing with this poor girl, Carly Rochelle
They got killed
Right
They are parked out in front of this poor lady pal
Gay and his day out
And what about that poor judge over there
Who, you know, what that was he's supposed to do
And you know what, he's supposed to be getting the keys to it
Yeah
And uh, but I'll give you an example
Okay, about a week before she got abducted right
There's a woman who had a art gallery in Sarasota in downtown
He was, they found her stabbed 40 times in her art gallery
And now you don't hear no more about it
Since this Carly thing came out
See, one thing you're starting to catch on to
Like you said, I've been trying to tell you this for a hundred years
Is that the media will tell you what you're supposed to care about
And you're like, I don't know
Like Scott and Lacey Peterson
There are five people in America of the herelitives
The people directly involved
There are five other people who give a flying crap about that
But the media insists that we have to be concerned about that
I'm so waiting to hear what happened to those shares office in Highly
It was running the end court service three years ago
I'll be waiting to hear what happened
Three was more than that like six years ago
Yes, it's longer than that but you still have that
Good luck, Capali
I'll stay on City Island, man
Thank you
I'll see if the economy rests on
Oh, there's lots of men
And part the reason you treat a man
Yeah, and that's the problem
I'll tell you one thing I'm really grateful for that nobody has said for the poll today
Bye, bye, bye
Oh, thank the law, everybody said that
Because at that point I would have fallen right on the floor
Pro position
Man
5,6,7,0,5,60, pound, 5,60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
See, like, then we discussed this couple days ago that we can't find anybody of any age of any sex of any persuasion of any breed
The likes of a blind of the plan
The likes of a blind of the plan
Think of it, I think it is really a singer, a performer and anything
Right, creatures from other dimensions
But again, just like this last guy was saying now, the media tells you, oh he's a superstar, he's great
Sure
Deaf blind girls in special ad don't like him
WQM Hello
N-Yes, or J-G
WQM Hello
He's a mind-missal
That was Bonerboy
Q-A-M
WQM Hello
How about, Dane
Great Dane
C-Dane, Sanger, we're my corn
Corn?
Corn is good
And it really is special, corn is good
We'll put in corn on there
Put corn on there right away
I like that Indian corn
That the blue stuff
I like it grilled
Oh man, you ever had to put in the tin foil and grill that Indian corn?
Oh man, that is a good one
That is so great
And that corn really is special
And you know what, M.S. Fudge says too, it says that corn hole really is special
567-0560
Pound 560
Correct them on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
He's just squeezing his knees and his, I mean if he had anything there he would squeeze that too
But he doesn't, but just going now
I got a word exclusive, I'm famous even more than before, I got 8 billion hits on my website
Yeah
And you're still safe on self-hating packets, so what difference does it make, M.S. Fudge?
It's so tragic
How do you look yourself in a mirror and know that you're just a pawn of people who would love to stoke your ass into an oven immediately if not sooner?
WQM Hello
Q-A-M
Q-A-M
WQM Hello
Yes sir
Yeah George, is my prescription ready?
Call Walmart, he's got it
WQM Hello
Yes, Neil
Yes sir
In regards to the election I think perhaps we'll have to elect someone from the floor of the convention
From the floor?
Yeah, now when they come to floor
And who would that be sir
Pardon? That would be Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton, there you go, Hillary might do it
You won't think about her, she ain't screwing around
That was guys anyway
Right?
Right? I think maybe he's got something going there
Hillary comes out of nowhere and all of a sudden grabs the flagger runs with it
Hey, we don't aren't that crazy about her but America, whatever
I don't know what that's all about, it's kind of reminds me of Dave Matthews van
Same thing
It reminds me of McDonald's and White Bread and vanilla ice cream
But McDonald's is okay, listen to me
It reminds me of all of these things that America's obsessed with that are mediocre at best
Dave Matthews van 103
And I don't think we're getting a free, I believe it
Okay, I'm telling you
You just don't understand the magnitude of this man
You better get with it, get with the program
No, Mr. Hip Hop
You got the hot part of it going pretty good but not the hip part
Dave Matthews van 103, by the way
You would like Sam Roberts, he is a good singer, they have a good craft
I'll listen to the free CD, somebody's going to send me
Okay, hint
Radiohead 36, outcast 36, Chenaya 234
Nora Jones 28
Foulfighter 25, MNM25
Counting Crows 23, I have no idea who they are
You're lucky
Bad, bad
Pearl Jam 20, Lincoln Park 20
Cool, a cold play 17, Luke Warren play, Kin Rock 16
Shakira's got only 11, shame on you people
Beyonce's got 11, now that's, see that's so ridiculous
What? I mean you could argue which one looks better
Between who? Shakira and Beyonce and Ols
I wouldn't argue
No, but I'm just saying you can have that argument
But is there any argument as to which is the better singer?
No, okay
Limp viscate 10, Avril Lavigne, and I can go single digits from there
Spanish and Pumpkins only have five, Incubus only got five, shame on you people man
Then Incubus video gets my, my vote right now is the video of the century
It's great, not as good as toxic though
How about trust me when I tell you when you see toxic you will sit up straight, you will
Sleep, that's right
You'll pay attention and come to attention or just part of that and just
The steer screen on that screen real close
I'll wear my baggy pants just for you pay
Holy mackerel man or something fishy
Kind
12 minutes after one piece at the 560 WQAM
Hey guys, last time we looked at that thing
You decided it's just too small and lame
It doesn't impress women or much of anybody else
It definitely don't last as long as it used to
And we're talking of course about your paycheck
It is weak, it is pathetic
If you want to do something about it
Change your life call fast train toll free at 1-866
Fast train, I guarantee you in no time at all
Not once you have a career you'll be making a hell of a lot more than Todd Dreck
In just for sure in months in fact you can have a new high-paying computer career in the demand for
Computer professionals continues growing like crazy, like wildfire, like topsi
Like you will when you see that toxic video you'll be growing fast
With seven locations fast trains got a campus nearby you, they offered you a job placement
Financial assistance for guys who qualify too
With day, night and even weekend classes, no excuse, no more to stay in a dead end job
So if you'd like to say goodbye to that crappy paycheck and that crap hole boss and a whole deal
Get yourself a new high-paying career you can really do it in just for sure in months like so many other people have done
Call fast train today because now you can have a mighty big impressive one too
That you can stretch real far
Check them out of the web at fast train.com or call them toll free 1-866 fast trains
This is for 20-0-5-6-2
You way yeah
From banging the butt honey
What happens when two awesome forces go wide inside a steel cage?
Find out this Friday night the Democratic primary pain drawer featuring the main event Nature Boy Ric Flair
Wooo!
Versus Nature Boy, our B
Someone's gonna get punched out like a hanging chair
A big che bar and a style at profile
Wooo!
Why from South Carolina?
North Carolina!
South Carolina!
Wooo!
Wooo!
North Carolina!
We're gonna South Carolina!
Wooo!
These two you don't agree on any of it
Ric Flair better watches back, does not only do these fans love me, but everybody loves me
California and Texas and New York
Wooo!
Ric Flair, Stinger, Stigger, Four-Leglock
Wooo!
And Howard Dean's punishing tax loophole takedown
Wooo!
The Democratic primary pain drawer
Wooo!
Wooo!
Wooo!
Only on pay for view
1-17 at 5-60 WQM The Man Dog at 2, Humper at 4, Panther preview at 7, a Panther's host of penguins
should be a relatively easy 2 points tonight, I would think, 7-30 at the Macarena
And he came to the hockey game, Joe and Mark overnight 2-5
Don't forget, join Joe and Mark tonight 10pm tonight at the Sanbar and a Grove stuff
I'd enjoy $3, Beckson, Beck's Light Plus
You can win tickets and t-shirts and a bunch of QNCRAP
That's 10 at night at the Sanbar and a Grove, Joe and Mark B looking for you
You know, this thing with Kerry, it always comes back to the same thing with the right wingers
Venus is, that's right, sexual pecker dillows
It always comes back, whether it's Bubba, whether it's Kerry
No matter who download is, aww they were screwing us on
It's a kid
It's a kid of the nation
See, show off for your military duty and performing your military obligation
That's just smear in somebody, see
It's all of this
Right, wingers, that means nothing
Right
But if you had that banana problem, there's somewhere along the line
If you had that wayward banana, then we're gonna get ya
That's always the same crap
Speaking of people with banana problems, get back to the Vanity Fair Michael Jackson story
That goes on for 100 miles, spotted banana problems
Anyway, this, what's your guy's name again, Lee?
What is his name?
Young, young holy, Michael's buddy
Lee tells me that in 1999 he employed Dr. Neil Ratner and an anesthesiologist and former rock drummer
To put Michael through detox in soul
Ratner, the government star witness against prominent Manhattan gynecologist Dr. Neil's Lawrenceon
Who was convicted of insurance fraud in 2001
Admitted of being stoned himself, much of the time he ejected his patients in the 80s
And you're gonna love this
And to once collapsing in an operating room after mistakenly shooting himself up with a paralytic agent
I met with a doctor on a regular basis, says Lee, we were getting Michael off when he was addicted to him
Or maybe just getting him off
Demarol and morphine, his problem is asleep disorder, he's up to 48 hours of the time and then crashes
When I ask Ratner about his work with Jackson and soul, he says patient doctor relationships are not something I choose to comment about
In Washington DC, in about 2001 after Jackson appeared at a benefit concert for 9-11 victims, he left his ubiquitous black bag filled with his prescription drugs behind
It was found by Washington police, so we turned it no questions asked
Clearly, Michael Jackson is not the defenseless creature and victim of racism he and his family in hand were so assiduously claim him to be
In the never-ending stream of interviews they grant and mostly dominate on cable TV and network news shows
And in real life he doesn't speak in the false set he employed most recently in the controversial 60 minutes interview on CBS in December when he was asked only very general questions relating to the current case
And when he charged that he had been injured by the Santa Barbara police during his arrest
People have spent time with Jackson report that he has a soft but normal guys voice in the phrase of one person
Since his charges of police brutality have largely backfired his slide is once again claiming that the side is once again claiming that the family accusing him now is only out for money
And that set of Harbor County District attorney Tom Stedden who along with LA County officials investigated him in 93 but didn't bring charges is out for revenge
Those are the twin spins held by Jackson supporters whether they coincide with the facts or not
The 10-year-old boy had been given only a few weeks to live and Michael Jackson was number three on his wish list of people he wanted to meet
Adam Sandler was first and then Chris Tucker but at just a moment in 2000 when he was being asked to come up with the names
Jackson's image happened to be on MTV in his hospital room and he put into the screen and told his friend Jamie Masada on a LA's life factory I want to meet Michael Jackson too
In order to get the boy who weighed only 60 pounds to eat Masada would say you've got to get better if you're going to see Adam Sandler
The Hispanic boy from East LA had been operated on for an eight pound cancerous tumor on his left kidney his spleen and kidney had been removed
But the cancer is spread across his lungs and liver he hadn't taken the chemotherapy well and his blood type was the rare own negative CMV negative
He had sores in his mouth and couldn't keep any food down he started a week candle open ice cream but after two spoons he started vomiting blood
Masada recalls would you try again Masada beg them if you eat you can meet anyone you want
The boy gradually got better and after several months Masada who visited daily took him in his wheelchair to the life factory on sunset strip
where the comics on stage took special notice of him some of them also did benefits for him and anyone who donated blood out of the club free
Masada a charitable Iranian immigrant who arrived in LA at the age of 14 sponsors the life factories comedy camp during the summer
The program helps underprivileged children turn their pain into laughs by having them do stand up routines under the two lids well known comedians
The boy in question along with his younger brother and older's where the hell is it?
Older sister had participated in the camp Masada phone neverland told whoever answered to try to watch a local TV broadcast that night about the blood drive for the boy and asked if Michael Jackson would call to cheer him up
Two days later Jackson called at that time the voice parents would married as teenagers when their early 30s instilled together when they followed a household where money was always short
One Saturday in last December I visited the gritty East LA suburbs where the family had lived in the arts here in El Monte where the boys' maternal grandparents reside used clothes and toys priced at $0.50
were displayed in Mercado style lawns and across bushes what is that?
Market style I see like an open air market
Thank you very much.
Many people spoke only as Sponial and would say little about the family there were no drawn curtains and no trespassing sign on the grandparents door to the lower middle class people with little education living these small filled streets neverland with all its enticements but seemed like an incredible dream.
Both parents accompanied the boy along with the sister and brother neverland in August 2000 to meet Jackson the father also went with the boy to have lunch on the Sony lot with Adam Sandler who introduced him to Rob Schneider, Chris Tucker according to Masada became kind of a mentor to the boy.
Outfitting him in a Nike clothes the boy in turn took Tucker to Neverland to introduce him to Jackson.
George Lopez also befriended the boy these comics are now distancing themselves from the case and they represent his early acknowledge or even deny their clients meetings with him.
One day when the boy began to improve he told Masada me and my dad went to Neverland not long after Masada claims the father stopped by the life act to show off a car with the TV in it which he said was a gift from Jackson.
Jackson and also in his family his pickup director go to chemotherapy appointments but they didn't pay many visits Neverland after about a year and a half of Kimo Masado says and all the special attention from the comics and trips Neverland the boys can't you when cancer went into remission.
So you see what a small price to pay being molested for your cancer went to remission right there you go.
Okay to be continued.
God it is so long and the story too.
Now you're not going to be nothing are you.
Remember I mentioned this before I must forgot it because you never mind don't forget from the Boston Globe by Derek Z Jackson Bible lessons these clergy forgot because they're gnashing their teeth and forming at the mouth about those gay marriages up there in Boston.
He says Boston Archbishop Sean O'Malley is called the decision by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court to legalize same sex marriage or tragedy and part of the madness around us.
Catholic bishops in the US voted to declare homosexual acts immoral many prominent black ministers have condemned the S.J.C.s ruling.
Sounding like Mississippi's senator Trent lot who once compared homosexuality to addiction.
Bishop Gilbert Thompson of Boston's New Covenant Christian school said to say the research of thing is a gay Christian is saying there's an honest thief.
Many black ministers are indignant and any parallels to gay marriage in the African American civil rights movement.
The Reverend Wesley Roberts of Boston peoples back to church said to equate what is happening now to the civil rights struggle which black said to go through would be to be little what we've gone through as a people.
Top politicians in Massachusetts is governor Mitt Romney and House Speaker Thomas Finner and are exploring every way possible to block the S.J.C.s ruling.
Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry like many politically correct wishy washy centrist since he supports civil unions but opposes gay marriage.
Republican president Bush of course opposes gay marriage and built Clinton the Democrats signed the defensive marriage act which allow states to disregard gay marriages from other states.
To date the ministers and politicians have offered no serious evidence to show how loving gay or lesbian couples are changing rings at an altar will level the republic.
O'Malley warns we can't afford to be asleep at the switch. Romney says marriage between men and women is defended by 3000 years of recorded history.
The Reverend Gregory Groover of Charles Street African Methodist Episcopal Church says the voice of God tells him that gay marriage is wrong.
This is as wrong headed as using the Bible justifies slavery not how the African American ministers could forget that argument.
Such clergy plays a game of pick and choose conservative Christians rush to pause letter to the Romans for proof that homosexuality is a wicked degrading passion.
Paul complained their women exchange natural intercourse for unnatural and in the same way also the men giving up natural intercourse with women were consumed with passion.
Men committed shameless acts with men they know God's decree that those who practice such things deserve to die.
It is just as easy to find chapters in the Bible that are way out of step on the march through the equality.
Ephesians says wives be subject to your husbands as you are to the Lord for the husband is the head of the wife just as Christ is the head of the church.
Just as the church is subject to Christ so also wives ought to be in everything to their husbands.
That one out with the Flintstones Ephesians also says slaves obey your earthly masters with fear and trembling in the singleness of your heart as you obey Christ render service with enthusiasm as to the Lord.
That one out with the emancipation proclamation.
One would think these ministers have more important things to do.
The Catholic Church has some nerve talking about the sanctity of marriage when it allowed untold numbers of children to be abused by priests.
In their tortured thinking black ministers who fret about gay marriage is it because of the epidemic of fatherlessness and they cared about fatherlessness they ought to fight harder for jobs.
Child support mentoring programs public education and a change in the drug laws that punish young urban black men far more harshly than young suburban white men.
While they're right that they could also call for a boycott of black entertainment television and its pink videos.
The best guess is that these clergy are so loud in their condemnation of gay marriages because they need a scape-joke to obscure their failures or powerlessness in protecting their flocks.
Gay marriage of two loving people cannot possibly be equated with the abuse of children and the Catholic Church's cover-up.
Gay marriage of loving people does not belittle the civil rights struggle it gives it full blossom.
Funny these ministers have conveniently forgotten the passage from numbers which says,
as for the assembly there shall be for both you and the resident alien a single statute, a perpetual statute throughout your generations.
You and the alien who resides with you shall be alike before the Lord.
You and the alien who reside with you shall have the same law and the same ordinance.
The Christian ministers have forgotten the words from Galatians that among the baptize there is no longer a Jew or Greek, there is no longer slave or free, there is no longer male or female.
There is only 27 after 1 at 560 WQM I got something good for is that everybody can enjoy with your diabetic for just a normal everyday Joe and that's indirect diabetic.
It's a delicious meal replacement drink that sweetened with splendour which is made with sugar so you don't have that nasty aftertaste like the drinks that are sweetened with aspera, aspera, aspera, or saccharin.
They taste like aspera, tame.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry.
Endurex diabetics is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides use with all the essential vitamins minerals you need for a healthy life plus fiber and the oxidancy at the good news is it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol too.
Endurex diabetics gluten free and lactose free and 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of easy digested nutrition.
Pick it up all over town now more and more people are picking it up and drinking it and doing it.
Publix, Walgreens, Echards, Navarro, Setonos, CVS and other local pharmacies you'll find it all over town and the makers are so sure they're going to love it they're offering you a free two pack right now.
Free full size samples 1 vanilla 1 chocolate if you just call that tool free number 1 866 368 3739 be sure and tell them that Neil sent you about for the delicious one and get yourself an additional special gift when you call.
You can order faster if you want on their website at rest diabetic calm just click on where it says free samples or make that tool free call and get you some free samples in a mail call 1 866 368 37 39.
Buy and local here's for 3.560 she'll 8.8 am.
The fridge is controlled because everything that you thought I would be is falling apart right in front of you.
You're a bastard.
I was on my way to whitekin with snow and not knowing from all there into snow was lots of ice.
So I get right on a store and low and beholden I should think that my head and my diet.
So try it you like it and just one other thing I might invite.
Watch your step.
He hates the frozen ice of her head so you don't crack cold in your head.
And diet doesn't matter where you're at.
I heard you was fat.
And a heart problem man and died because of it.
I'm saying evil people are the people.
Crazy people are crazier than a bed bug.
Now what is this on my I'm telling I don't we need to be until midnight or a little more Lincoln Park to the other.
I want to tell you that he's more like me.
Well I like that series just emailed me on 18 year veteran of the Palm Beach County Sheriff's office is accused of stealing wallets of cash from six men during traffic stops.
What a great way to make a living.
He was marauding the guatts.
In one case threatening to arrest a man who questioned his question about the missing money and threatening them deported.
Happens to all the time.
They deported James Taketiko's.
So it's pretty one resigning with charge with grand theft a third degree felony is accused of stealing more than seven seventy six hundred bucks from Guadalaman,
and Mexican guys while he was on duty.
Did it and I create duty while he was doing his duty.
That's another thing in Palm Beach.
Jesus there's so many I got one piece of the news and it's all a carry business that's going on and everything else.
Harvard approved students sex magazine.
Oh thank god.
Don't let the Michael Powell see that's going to be next.
Oh look at this I can't believe it.
We're all going to burn in hell for watching this incubus video more than once in a day.
Wow.
Anyway see right after they finish with the cable and with the satellite and everything else that's going to be the anything in print books magazines.
They might have to burn a few of those books.
That's correct and some of the people who wrote them too.
We're going to be burning witches at the stake in Salem again.
Harvard University has approved a student magazine about sex.
Oh my god.
That will feature arts, sex advice and fiction as well as photographs of undressed Harvard undergraduates.
Oh right.
We are aware of the fact that some segments of the population would find the contents of this tasteful said associate dean, Judith H. Kid, no relation to Trevor Kid, a member of the 14 person board that approves all student organizations.
However the committee considered this to be an issue of freedom of speech and my question would be what's that?
I don't know.
Never heard of it.
Freedom of speech.
You know, I'm not a big fan of his.
He makes me sick, Mel Carmison.
Mm-hmm.
But he made a good point yesterday and probably many others that didn't hear.
And that is that they continue making all of these threats to commission but they never tell a broadcast what the real regulations are.
Yes. They have these vague and you know they won't really define it for you.
It's like having a big gigantic highway, a brand new highway they build and all the smokies are sitting around with their radar detect with their radar guns.
And they won't tell you what the speed limit is.
Why don't you figure it out?
We'll let you know when you break it.
Right.
The committee made up of faculty, seven students approved.
H bomb magazine Tuesday with a 12th and nothing vote.
The vote lets the magazine's publishers apply for funding but doesn't guarantee the money.
When it would be published is uncertain.
The magazine can't take its photos on university property.
A policy that applies for all the schools undergraduate publications.
Vassar and Swarthmore colleges also have sex themed magazines.
Though H bomb is the first such publication for Harvard.
A Harvard closing newspapers through a described H bomb is a porn magazine but it's supposed to be a description of the statement released by Harvard itself.
We are proposing what we are proposing is an outlet for literary and artistic expression that is both deserved and needed not a pornographic magazine.
If there are naked people there must be pornographic.
No.
No. 30.
Just like our website. We got some naked people on there. Is it pornographic? No.
No. 30.
Yeah.
I think I saw the three wise ladies on this video there is some time too.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past ten years?
Dave Matthews band is so far ahead of winning hands down your pants. Not even close.
WQA and hello.
Hey, how are you doing, bud?
Okay.
I got a name for you Paul, man.
Yes sir.
311?
311.
Yeah.
Might have to look that out.
Not very popular.
They are good band but it's been around.
How long have you been around?
It's not ten years, not ten years.
But they don't get much airplay. That's a problem.
Okay.
I got a couple of things too.
You know what I mean?
We was watching that Spanish channel last week and it's your actual movie on that channel.
That's your last week.
Plus the naked twangers you've had last week.
Excellent.
So I don't know why we don't get on them also.
Now they're not speaking the right language, man.
We don't care about them.
They can say or do whatever they want.
Right.
I got one more thing on my face.
Let's get one more for that.
Instead of sure.
Decent.
Right.
I was driving down sample a couple of months ago and I've seen something on a billboard you might like on a chart.
It said, God accept an email.
They'll figure it out.
And that's starting to advertise it.
God accepts an email.
I didn't get on your knees.
Oh, a knee with a K.
Oh my god.
It actually said that.
And I wanted to call you a couple of months ago.
But I'll call you on the phone.
That's enough to maybe drop a big load right in this year.
In fact, I think I just did.
Have a great day, Polly.
Thank you, too, buddy.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
God accepts an email.
R-R-R-R.
We got pilots on airlines now preaching the poor bastards, the captive audience on a plane.
We got farbicinigoy and putting up billboards over about God does this and God does that.
And God accepts an email as you get on your knees, which of course the priests have a lot of practice saying that.
Man.
And in the meantime, everything's going to hell on a hand-basket.
I think the crazy people have taken over America.
Absolutely correct.
Wow.
I am the perfect dude to just highlight the way I say it's all you've dressed.
I love the way I'm dressed.
I love the good times I see red.
I love the good times I see red.
20-2-2-560 WQN.
President's Day is just a few days away on Monday, no less.
And every President's Day for whatever the reason.
Do you know what the significance of that is?
Day off?
No, no, I don't mean that.
I mean the fact that they run the mattress sale every President's Day all the betting and department stores.
I guess because George Washington with the father of our country and he slept around.
I don't know.
Anyway, here we are at this time.
The betting and department stores run the phony sales.
They double the price and they say, look, we're giving a half off and it's right back to where it started.
If you don't want to get sucked in by that crap, if you want real rock bottom prices on the best mattress is going every day 365 days a year.
You know what to do?
What I've been doing for years in George B. Doin and Boca Brian and Miguel and even the Youngstis Fatboy just make one easy call to 1-800 mattress, dial a mattress.
And you'll be sleeping like a baby for years to come.
No phony sales, no bait and switch, no riposte, just everyday serious rock bottom prices on the best mattress is going anywhere.
Seely, Surtis, Simmons, King Coral, Temporpeding and now even Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
Choose from dozens and Zillions of models at low unbeatable everyday discount prices and keep in mind only dial a mattress that lets you choose a convenient two-hour delivery window that meets your scale.
When you're going to be home any day of the week, seven days from 8 in the morning till 10 at night and they actually show up.
They take away the crappy smelly old wedding set up the brand new one in North to charge and believe you me, you'll be have a big smile on your push.
The easiest piece of shopping you can ever do with just one easy phone call, 1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTR ES or check them out online at mattress.com.
This is 440560, new way.
Congratulations, get a life.
In toy stores now, the Janet Jackson Toplas doll comes complete with Terri way Velcro top.
Mom, I can see Janet's boobies.
Hey, they're cool.
The Janet Jackson Toplas doll.
Oh, my goodness!
The ladies all kinds of makin' but makin' is good.
That's it.
And coming soon, the Michael Jackson's lightweight Velcro moves.
I got you now.
1-45 at 560WQAM.
Just in case you missed this earlier, Miss Drudge is foaming at the mouth.
A world exclusive no less must credit the Drudge report.
Did I just credit the Drudge report? I think I just did.
Campaign drama, rocks, Democrats, carry fights off media promo-vreson alleged infantility, rivals predict ruin.
Oh, my God.
A frantic behind the scenes drama's unfolding around Senator John Kerry and his quest to lock up the Democratic nomination represent, the Fudge report can reveal.
Intrigued surrounds a woman who recently fled the country, reportedly at the prodding of Kerry, the Drudge report is learned.
A serious investigation of the woman in the nature of relationship with Senator Kerry has been underway at Time Magazine, ABC News, The Washington Post, The Hill, and the Associated Press, where the woman in question once worked.
A close friend of the woman first approached the reporter late last year claiming fantastic stories, stories that now threaten to turn the race for the presidency on its head.
In an off-the-record conversation with a dozen reporters earlier this week, General Wesley Clark, kindly stated,
Kerry will implode over an intern issue three reporters and attendants confirmed Clark made the startling statements.
The Kerry commotion is why Howard Dean has turned increasingly aggressive against Kerry in recent days, and is the key reason why Dean reversed his decision to drop out of the race after Wisconsin Top Camp.
The campaign sources tell the infamous Fudge report.
Now, USA Today says today, in fact, I don't know if I have time, because I got two of them, one from the New York Daily News, one from USA Today.
See, I think what we're discovering is that there are a bunch of scumbags, so let's start all over again and we'll let Michael Moore just appoint him.
Okay? Michael Moore for present and Martin Sheen for VP. He can hang out in the West Wing.
USA Today reports as Texas Governor George W. Bush prepared to run for president in the late 1990s, top-ranking Texas National Guard officers and Bush advisors discussed ways to limit the release of potentially embarrassing details from Bush's military records as former senior officer of the Texas Guard said yesterday.
A second former Texas Guard official was spoke only on condition of anonymity was told by a participant that commanders and Bush advisors were especially worried about mentions in the records of arrest of Bush before we joined the National Guard in 1968, the second official said.
The following is? No. Should I read that again? Could you?
A second former Texas Guard official was spoke only on condition of anonymity was told by a participant that commanders and Bush advisors were especially worried about mentions in the records of arrest of Bush before he joined the National Guard in 1968.
It'll be those DUI billed buckets and a top advisor of the State Guard commander said he overt conversations in which superior discussed cleansing the file of damaging information.
Cleansing.
The White House dismissed Birketschard yesterday. It is an outrageously false statement said White House Communications Director Dan Bartlett who handled records in late 1990s as an aid to Governor Bush.
Administration officials dismissed Birkets as a disgruntled former guardsman who had a falling out with his superiors.
Two forms in Bush's publicly released military files, his enlistment application in a background check contained blackout entries in response to questions about arrest or convictions.
Bush acknowledged in biographies published in 1999 that he was arrested twice before he listed in the Air National Guard once for steaming a wreath and another time for routiness at a Yale Princeton football game.
The nature of what was blacked out in Bush's records is important because certain legal problems such as drug or alcohol violations could have been a basis for denying an applicant entry into the guard or pilot training.
Admission to the guard and to pilot school was highly competitive at the time, the head of the Warren Vietnam.
The National Guard said it privacy is the reason for blacking out answers the full onmarked records have never been released.
Bartlett didn't respond Wednesday to a request to release the records with nothing blacked out which Bush could do as the subject of the records.
Bartlett says that the state guard commander Major General Daniel James III discussed cleansing Bush's military files of embarrassing or incriminating documents in the summer of 97.
At the time, Berkett was a Lieutenant Colonel Chief Advisor to James. He says he was just outside James open off his door when his boss discussed the records on a speaker phone with Joe Alba who was then Governor Bush's Chief of Staff.
In Berkett's account Alba told James that Bush's press secretary Karen Hughes was preparing a biography needed information on Bush's military service.
In an interview, Berkett said he'd be called Alba's words. We certainly don't want anything that is embarrassing in there.
Berkett said he immediately told two others about the conversation and noted it in a daily journal that he kept.
The two officers George Khan and Dennis Adams confirmed he was a day in 2002 that Berkett told them of the conversation within days.
Soon afterward there was a series of meetings of top commanders of Texas Guard headquarters at Camp Maybrey.
Bush's records were carried between the base archives and the headquarters building according to Berkett and the second guard official who was there.
The meetings were confirmed in a 2002 interview by USA Today with William Leon who was the state guard's Freedom of Interferation Officers in the 90s.
He was involved in discussions about what to release. Leon declined a comment on the substance of the meetings except to say we were making sure we released it properly and we made sure we didn't they timely manner.
Contact at home Wednesday and he refused to talk to reporter. He even said don't ever call me again at home. I'll call your publisher and sue you.
Got that got it. Berkett first made his allegation just before the 2000 election when it was carried on some Internet sites but when largely unreported by the mainstream news media.
The issue resurfaced yesterday in the Dallas Morning News is Bush's military record took center stage in the presidential campaign again.
Oh man it's just enough to make it weak you know we crank up the FF and if you could find a station to play some real music or just crank up you know what I'm using channels.
If you had a whole bunch of good ones like some of us have like right here. Yes I love you.
It's gonna be going on tomorrow front time.
Like maybe this. That's where the older women are going to the younger.
We don't want to hear about the older women. Oh better cut that out right away.
You never know what he's going to say you know I'm saying.
Things are going right now don't back that ass up man. Oh geez.
151 and 560 W here you're pure as I reach no station for the rest of the time from now until the end of time.
Hey speaking of Dr. Rackens everybody in their brothers on a low carb diet. Don't believe all that crap from the people are a bunch of crazy go.
If you're any I can sugarbusters and if a low carb diet you know how hard it is to find really tasty low carb stuff all kinds of goodies.
I mean the meat is fine the cheese is good the eggs are great the seafood is fine fabulous but you need more than that you need some taste.
And that's why you love the lights of West Boka because it's the only store of its kind.
It's got over a thousand low carb products in stock to choose from including breads and bagels cookies crackers.
Love them crackers chips and brownies chocolates ice cream pasta and sauces catch up cheesecakes and lots more they offer you the widest selection anywhere in the universe they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to the
P.M. One of the good things that the lights as you can try anything the store to make sure you like it before you buy it in fact some of the stuff that's got sorbet all in it.
Try it and then kind of like wander around the store and do some shopping before you decide whether you want any more.
And of course they've got the largest selection of atkin brands product that are on sale today next sookus on poor and every day.
So the low carb diet rated number one by a lot of people and certainly this is the number one low carb sugar free store in the world.
The lights of West Boka on the northeast corner of glaze in 441 right next to Boston market who amazingly are still in business column tool free at one eight seven seven low carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B.
or on a web you'll find more info at lowcarb.com don't forget there's only one the lights of West Boka to your official atkins retail center.
My and low this is for 305 60.
Way to way.
You call that a penis.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She let's I'll get go when he makes it we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Rectome.
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
All right.
Well, he don't know where a stock eagles I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horror.
And then I can saw the term cedar box means saw her naked stars reportedly to go in blind.
That's when he was working hard late nights in the over re office working on a practical joke.
He took him back a new door put an explode in loading or Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She let's I'll get go every time he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
For people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning moaning our door was doing her with bills old bomb.
But a guy like her is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Rectome.
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Or candy and say candy and yeah just master is faster.
Or yeah what you gotta do is take a tip of real love.
And put it in a friend.
Or yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Or yeah what you gotta do.
And I'll tell you one thing if I were after seeing other farting horse in a TV spot.
Isn't it amazing?
Never been behind a horse when it farted.
Oh it's a matter of fact no I have seen horses like drop the big loads of the track that goes on all the time.
Anyway if you're a harness driver you don't want to be sitting too close.
Here's the deal who do you think is the best recording group to come along in the past 10 years.
Dave Matthews band 119 wow okay 42 radio head 40 Shenaya 38 Pearl Jam 30 to two full fighters 32.
That's great.
Shockingly surprised.
Nora Jones 32 MNM 31 County Cros 27 Lincoln Park 23 cold place 17 Kid Rock 17 Shakira 13 and down from there.
Limpus could pretty limp with the only 11.
Mad Dog's coming up along next now.
When he wins comes it gets out he got me out like from two to midnight.
When he'll tell you that Jason Williams only is like good guy but misunderstood.
Bye bye bye.
I don't know.
