It's Howet.
Howet, David.
Our
in
your
Or my George Bush, your position's a thing, because John Kerry is up to you, your fate, it's always questions
Of some national guard that might lead your rep, you Asian start
Or your
Or your
Or your
Say you're not
A-W-O-L
And you can't put your name on A-W-O-L
O-O
What a funny thing to military define, where you wear it that wine
Here's time, you party then you win A-W-O-L
You're daddy hope to do A-W-O-L
If you don't agree, we're the story that's real
You might turn back voter up to you
No, Apogarra, Red, 1022-560WQ
And this is unbelievable, this is our earliest term bailout so far
No, not really
What do you mean by that?
Friday, well Friday wasn't a bailout, Friday was a deal
Well, different story, mister
It blew, whatever it was
Is that really?
Yeah, the bailout 10 before 10 on Friday
I see
Like I was ready
I see, so all the time that we're losing during some days
We make it up, it's like mixing match
Sure
Domainos
Change the subject, that's what the Bushmeister has done
And of course, Kerry's getting sucked right into it
Nice going, scary, Kerry
Here's an A-W-O-L president and a draft dodging vice president
And the two of them are like challenging a war hero's war record
And we're rehashing Vietnam 30 years later
Brilliant, nice going
And the public's saying, oh yeah, oh yeah
That's right, well, uh
1264 votes on Georgia's pool yesterday
What's the most embarrassing thing you could admit?
You left off here, everyone, very important one
That
Did I listen to Ron and Paul?
You know nobody called that in?
Well, they should have
Well, that's probably because nobody was in the wrong place
Nobody heard anything
No, not now
No, now, I hear it here, the next book they won't hit a three-shear in man
Not a chance
You're done, you're toast
Oh, sorry
And speaking of that, don't forget next, uh, what's, what's, what's a September one?
Uh, Wednesday
Uh, next Wednesday, week from tomorrow
Starts 790 sports
We're gonna promote the hell out of them
Are we heroes?
Sure, good buddy on there
Good guy Joe got screwed over
Over and over
Man, you talk about a masochist
Have you ever seen anything like it in your life?
The same person got screwed over
Even Kathy Willett's never got screwed as many times by the same person
As Joe Rose got screwed over by Greg Reed
Lied to and strung along
And I'm not paid and, uh, fired
And then not fired and, remember that?
This guy tells me he's leaving
You know, well, you can't leave your fired
But stay on the airtile and ready to put something else on
Poor Joe, so why don't we hope he on there
And of course, our close personal friend, Stugots
Right
And the rumor behind the building is that the clearance is still gonna be programming the guest on these Stugots
So even though there are
Hated and reviled competitive over there on 790
And didn't we just farm out some
A Marlon game or something?
But what did we have on?
Or, yeah, we had the Marlon game on
Because it offered an exhibitionist game
That 17 nothing was at the final score, am I right, Jack?
That's right
Al, embarrassing
To a girl's team, no less
But it's only an exhibitionist game
Well, this is great. We actually can get the breaks in the next half hour
Oh, yeah, take a turn
And you folks out there don't count on this happening too often
I'm okay to talk to you if I can say that
Hey, can I have that? What is that Olympic thing, dude? The coxless...
What is that, in the garden?
You talking about Badminton again?
No, the coxless pairs are something like that?
I really don't know what you're talking about
Yeah, you do
I don't
Yeah, I don't think so
I don't think so if I did, trust me
It's a rowing thing
Oh, oh, oh, that, yeah
Yeah
264 votes on the poll, the most embarrassing thing
Having a small penis, I certainly raised my hand of that, 198
That's not so embarrassing
Well, you know, this business is about wow, you know, I'm hung like a moose big deal
So that you are born with that, what, what did you do?
Well, I didn't want to get into that
You could have taken one of those pills
Having a small penis, I'm 194
Of course, that's all relive
I don't know how to pick up women, 145
So I'm batting two for two so far
Yeah, I don't want to like that, huh?
No, I like Gmail's 136, sorry
I'm still voting Republican 127
See my luck ran out, I like Barry Manolo 89
Now I'm getting cold
Liking older women 74
Now watch American Idol 66, nuke
I'm a Trekkie 60, I'm gay 54
Now starting to heat it up again
I love fat chicks 51, nuke
Vote for Ralph Nader 48
I watch Oprah 37
Liking freestyle music 37
What is freestyle music?
I don't want to sound like a...
Hit it down
It's like old school dance music
Post out with self
I see
I mean my bacon
So the thing I made this like a batch here, huh?
We got some how he's bacon today
Good
We're just cooking up a storm
I don't have it a week
Preach down music 37, I like Michael Bolton 37
No real man likes Michael Bolton even I don't
No human
I like soap opera 33
Now I'm warming up again
At least as far as guiding light and passions
And the demo Olympics man, those coxless guys, they're preempting
Preempted passions for two freaking weeks with that garbage
Oh, they got on there
What a bunch of crap
And I thought they already had
First of all they got the gay Olympics
So this whole summer Olympics ought to be pre-just thrown out
And number two, don't they have a handy crapped Olympics?
Yes, they do there
So how come they have this wheelchair event the other day?
Those people are special
I see
Oh, the special Olympics is for special, that's right
And these are for trips who are not special
I like Harry women 32
I've never been out of South Florida 18
And that is scary
That is, that should be way up the list
Can you imagine that?
No, not to imagine it
That's not how
That is just terrifying to me
And I'm afraid that we got a lot of people fit in that category
I like armpits 15
armpits
Somebody called that is?
They like armpits
I see
And I like the smell of feet 11
Somebody called that into?
What about the smell of your own navel?
Ew, that's like a bite
No
Your navel smells like your butt?
I don't know, that's totally crap
I shouldn't have stood down there
You can get out in here, navel's use, man
That's right
Oh yeah
Navel Jelly just asked Josh Friedman, he'll tell you he wants that navel to
So that's your ritual from yesterday
I got a great facts, really good one
We'll get to momentarily
Almost be like we got a real show here today
You know what, three and a half, three hours and forty minutes
I don't know what to do with all this time
Man, I don't either
Probably play a lot of music
But our behind-the-beaten curtain today we got Reena Miro
Also known as Sable Correct
That's what you want to say
The picture we got there on the website
Is a hell of a lot better than this one on her bio
Man, this, this, she looks nasty
Oh, you only get the good stuff
Reena Miro is born August 8th, 1968, which makes her 36
Good picture
In Jacksonville, Florida as Reena Greek
She's in the Greek
About that
She's the second oldest of her children growing up demonstrated great interest in athletics involving herself in softballs
Horseback riding and gymnastics
At eight scoffs, she started entering beauty contest where she won her very first one
How do you like that?
During the six years that she modeled, Reena worked for clients such as guests
Jeans, Vongo, Pepsi, L'Oreal, etc.
Kind of a bio-usness, etc.
In 93, she met Mark Miro
She went out to there with some girl friends and later in the evening got a note from Mark who was sitting another table with some of his friends
And I said, do you like me? Yes or no? Circle one
Oh, I'll start a great day
What a kid approach, yeah
Reena waited thinking about it for 20 minutes and finally wrote maybe encircled it
Hey, bro, Mark doesn't know how to pick up women there you go
Yeah
Mark then came over to the table started talking to her
They married in 94 and Mark adopted Reena's daughter Mariah
So I understand as a real pariah
Reena Miro landed several guests starring Rolls-Hitches' first wave
Rella Cunner and hosting shows on MTV VH1
Also appeared on numerous talks as including the tonight's show Donnie and Marie Late Show, Larry King Live
Regis and Kathy Lee, Rose Ann, politically incorrect
And Howard Stern
How do you like that, Howie?
I'll be damned
Reena enjoyed spending time with her family in Orlando
And believe it or not, she's a domesticated woman who likes to cook and clean
And also likes reading and writing a hausse with her daughter
Kind of like Linda Blair in the Exorcist
Remember she wanted a horse for her birthday?
Yeah, remember that?
Yes
And have you seen the new Exorcist of the prequel?
No, but neither of us
Reviews are bad
Are they from people?
I tell you
But it's making big bucks at the box office
It used to be back in the day
It used to be, is the movie good or bad or mediocre or great or crap
And now it's who is leading at the box office?
You know, right
That's what it worth saying
Which who gives a crap about that?
It's like saying, well who's selling the most burgers?
All McDonald's, well they must be the very best
I'm going to go right, I'm going to rush right out and get some
I don't think so
Here's our poll question today on Neorodgers.com
And we don't want to make a whole show out of a poll
Because we'll get another fashion that chronic retard
It's making a retard
Before the show today we had the Todd Reckon's screw-in coming
And do a little tap dance, a verbal tap dance
But I mean, but I mean, but I mean the answer is still
No chance and see there's one, there are a few people
In this business, one in particular, I don't want to mention Steve Kane
Who are professional like guinea pigs
In other words, oh yeah, we've got this doctor will give you a new nose
This doctor will give you a new penis
This doctor will give you new kneecaps
This doctor will give you a new mask
Whatever
Sympthetic body parts
And at my dodging old age, I'm not into that
I never was before, I'm sure I'm not going to start now
So that's out
Any client you got that somebody else with that
Sympthetic body parts or a mess with my eyes, stuff like that
No, thank you
And then Todd Reck comes in there and but I mean, but I'm up and
Him and screw-in putting on a full-core press or made to do a spot
Which there is no chance if those people paid me $50,000
Every time I did their spot, I still wouldn't do it
How do you like that?
Okay, and that's the truth
So I talk about who it is, I guess not
No, I wasn't going to, but I'm just trying to torture Todd Reck
No, you just, you get, you know, don't mess with me
If you mess with me, once that's it
That's it
Here's the poll today
What's the biggest problem with America?
Now I left some obvious stuff off it
Right
Like none
But how do we want to say that?
No, there are no problems
There are no problems, okay?
We're perfect
There are no problems
Here's the ones I got so far we can probably add a few on here
The masses are morons, see we could say a crappy education system but that's a little bit too, I don't know, stuffy
Too specific, it's so-
Yeah, the masses are morons is what I'm thinking
So many guns
Too many fat people
A president who is in Imbecile or there are no problems
Those are the first to five choices we got on there so far
Oh, I speak out of self-hating fags
Those two alleged pedophiles
Right, the Katy porn guys in the four-letter day on the one shot and killed the cop
Log cabin Republicans
You didn't even know that till I told you that
No, in other words it's like it's like blacks for David Duke, it's like Jews for Hitler
Log cabin Republican is the same thing
Gays for Bush, same crap
You can't, there's no such thing
If you have any brains, self-hating faggots, that's log cabin Republicans
Oh, you can't say that Neil, I just did
So that's our poll question today
Now here's the facts
I think I'm going to do the break because now we got we got plenty of time to win and out
We can spread it out, this is quite a turnaround, ain't it?
Yeah, it's different
Do you think we were just getting like a tease there in the beginning of the first week
Maybe who's going to go on a little overboard because it was the first week I can ask for?
Oh, I think they like to keep everybody guessing
I see, so in other words when they're good and ready that's when we get to come up
Well thank you so much guys, thanks, thank you very much
Don't forget to look for the QM Band today, five of a seven to seven, the afternoon of the publics
Well, I sure love publics
At 99.51 Miramar Parkway, stop by to spin the wheel for prizes and register to prepare a dolphin's tighten tickets
At present a beer display when you spin the wheelcoach, big bucks, big bucks, come on, big bucks
That's five to seven and publics, is it Miguel going to be there?
We don't know
We don't know, but I'm sure we'll find out if it's anybody
It'll be somebody from QM, there's some goofy person
Let me do the break and then we'll get to this great facts, it's about a new listener reacting to the Howard Stern show
Whichever thing we need to make any editorial comment but nevertheless it's their opinion
It's one guy's opinion and probably other days as well
1035 at 560 WQM, also thanks to my good close friend Ken Halpert
A national auto, national limo
I didn't get your three emails Ken, I thought he was just stiffing me, I thought he was like maybe something I said or my breath was bad last time
And come to find out his emails aren't coming through, it must be on your end, Ken but I'll see you whenever
Emerald coach soft Lord is best Asian but face proud of when I was the arrival of CMFest
Come in on the week, no
Let me try it again, shall I start again?
I was just pausing there to let it like sink in
See you need a copy of this, that's right
That's right, I'm leveled
Yeah, he has to have us get for his dropping
Mark your lines
Emerald coach soft Lord is best Asian but face proud around so you arrival of CMFest
Come in on the weekends and you are grilled, CMFest
And CMFest, scampy, cocktail, no no no, cocktail, CMFest, are you reading this?
No, and P.L.A.
CMFest, okay shut up
Emerald A, it's Howard, how it's BAM
Oh my God
What's going on here now?
Looks like the pointer rose died
Now it's from the body roll bowl
Far from the chest, watch down, man eyes
Those are the rice top down
Get happy when she relies
She raised her grip in the clouds
Far from the body fell in eyes
And she touched me, holding crab me
And she raised her body with bad teeth
She got trowsed
And she got great chill and it was all just a day
My wife's not selved
Watching the characters fall between
And the size is high
body fell in eyes
She can't find a fit
And the things will wait forever
And confuses me
They will lose that
Cover like a boy sesame
Bam
Yeah, what do you come right down? Well, what is that magic sauce on a big Mac? What is that crap?
God is that like Russian dressing or something? Yeah, I'm marching out right now to get some. Oh, God
I'm rushing right to the bowl thinking about it 1042 at 560 WQ AM
I got another one for the pool because I don't see anybody crawling in with suggestions for this pool
I think there are so many problems in total little fun. What's the biggest problem with America?
We've lost touch with God
Huh?
We've lost touch with God. Yeah, okay
Religious thoughts would say right on word deviance or we want to say maybe I'm not saying that well, but that's what they would say
How about the too much immorality or
We're not godly enough
or
It was good, huh? How do you say that something like WQ AM? Hello?
Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. When is this?
Because as far as the poem goes I think rather than adding I think you can eliminate
Most and just leave two of them people and morons and president Bush. Yeah, there's there wouldn't hands down right now
I would think so I had a question for a little more morons
There wouldn't be any president Bush, but that's an understanding that's a matter of story
Right I had a question for George last week and he was
Answered I don't know if you could he's the president allowed to declare martial law on his own
Or his congress has to get involved or you or this kind of answer that I don't even either
Because I was just that I read that a judge in New York turned down
The poem it requests to demonstrate for the Republican
National Convention. Yeah declaring the people being anarchists
We sort of fight with me. Yeah
Hey, so they they're not allowed to protest
Doing the convention in the Great Law and the Central Park because we don't know if we can handle 75,000 people there
But what happened if they get a lot out of control?
Never can't stay
No question about it, but the Great Law and the Central Park they can handle 300,000
It's gonna be a real nasty scene myself. I could be wrong about that
But it's gonna be real ugly
Yeah, it looks a lot safer up north. There you go. I can't go to maybe okay. Have a great day, pali
Two I don't know the answer that maybe somebody or audience would have our astute listeners. I didn't know
I don't know either. I'm not sure it's gonna make it up. Anyway, here's this facts a new listener
Well, I better take some calls first, right? Sure
Well, we got a lot of time to kill today. We're not used to this right about practice for this and then next week
I gotta go back to that five day. We schedule. Yeah, which I'm not too happy about
I don't know if I could direct the answer is still no chance
$100,000 a spot. I wouldn't do that and he knows exactly what I'm talking about and sort of they I'm sure
Man, how haven't I always told you see you disagree with me about that about those people
We're not gonna say we're gonna share your experiences. Well believe me to them. Okay?
W.A.M. Hello
I was just a meal your last call was right
But how we got there with too many idiots and
Too much bush was too much well not enough work
Too much well how about bad work work ethic
Well, yeah, yeah, but that but that actually
That doesn't
That includes the poor staff that can't you know can't afford to pay attention, you know
Like I'm referring to you know all this this money that that just been handed out from generation of generation that just
It just corrupt enough and you know as a country we're losing track of what's important and what's real
Okay, well for you work. Can you say Israel?
Okay, get on here. How do you say what he's saying lack of
lack of direction
No, I think he was ripping on to the welfare system is what I got no that's not what he was saying not enough work
Is it people just taking money and not doing any work stuff like okay people are lazy all right
But I thought I had it okay bad work ethics. I like yours. Yeah bad work ethic
I mean it sounds a little bit more than just saying people are lazy slabs, which is
People don't want to work
I don't want to single out any groups of people but there are lots of people just don't want to work man
Besides me and you give me give me give me give me give me no we work our asses are entertaining the masses out there
You and we're not here only a few hours a day just because of my choice
That was so we could make way for the king of all hype Larry King no
Oh Elvis a new listener reacts to the Howard Stern show here's this first back to the morning
Although I better take a few calls
Hey, listen, I had this caught me off guard today three hours and forty minutes who the hell are you kidding? Yeah, try 10 to 10
Talk about getting caught off guard
10 to 10 sounds good to me 10 to 10 till 10 WQ I am hello
I have my key to the pole go ahead. Okay. I like to say that we've done two self-centered
And I believe it's our trick will show us a way
Very good. That's beautiful
I bet you bill Shatter would have been with that and we've seen the new spots with Bill Shatter and lettered new boy
No, I have you haven't oh, they're great
We're a lender just kind of like taking over a bill Shatter. It's a true Bill Shatter is like found a whole new like being a professional group ball
A whole new deal got to not to mention of course that great music
WQ I am hello
Yes, sir
What is it?
Dollar get a new phone paling your phone blows
560.0560 pound 560 the first votes we got on here indicated glanslide so far
The biggest problem with America is the masses are more on
48 a
Present who's an invasible 46
Too many fat people six too many guns five bad work ethic one we've lost touch with God none there are no problems done
How about I just had another one I was so good and it just flipped right away damn it was great. Oh, I know what it is
What is it? Let me give you let me give you an audio clue the media
Oh, I need to help the admin. How's that the media the media?
We don't have to embellish it many ways the media
We could say the media sucks
Which of course is part of the reason why the masses are more on right because they turn on the tube
They expect they're gonna get some truth and what do they get to is David Crossby looking for a new liver again on CNN right now
With onions get out of here, huh with onions. Yeah, and bacon no less than I just ate the bacon you're out of luck David
Sorry, I had the onions. Thank you. How is I love man? Do I love bacon onions? God that sounds so good
I might just go in here and cook up another batch, but I better not hmm
I thought onions were supposed to be so good for you. I think onions and I heard right and I eat just tons of onions
Man every time I cook me up a cheeseburger with no butter course
I just smothered with onions man. I love onions and you know what else I love
Shrooms I'm not talking about the kind of Sella Amsterdam. That's right. You're territory. No, I do love mushrooms
Any kind of mushrooms portobello. Yes indeed one of those other big shaggy made much was man big is rich
Man any kind of shroom that you can no think of except those nasty mind-altering delusional ones in Amsterdam
I'll take those for a horrible place a
New list of yeah, he asked the Howard Stern show
After giving Howard Stern a week. I've made up my mind
It says there's nothing riveting or compelling enough about the program to justify the excitement scandal or attention
It generates
While Neil and others like him have not let time pass them by
Stern continues to do the same boring stick talking about his relatively uninteresting life
Name dropping and asking hot babes to this rope for the benefit of a radio audience a radio audience
That's akin to taking a blind man to Club Madonna and stuffing him in a broom closet with a hand tied behind his back
Robin Quivers what's up with her? She's nothing but a loud mouth panelist side chick who got lucky 20 years ago
The only character with the potential to conjure up for Chuckle is already but we hear from him what three times an hour
Whatever civilating chunks of radio do get manufactured by the Stern show are quickly sent to audio held by Dupus Lindsay
Well the hand on his button and the dump too. I never thought I'd say this but we sure could use Moe Howard and Geldie back
At least they give Neil and Boca Brian good materials and sirly from a listener who didn't listen to mornings on Q.A.M
And still won't how do you like that?
I'm not saying that he represents you know a large segment of the audience out there
But maybe he does who the hell knows or she or it right?
I don't know
I'm sure we'll get yeah, we'll get some more input and I'll put I don't want to keep taking polls on Stern every day
We got bigger fish to fry than that and I'll say it again. Man. I have never ever ever
Greg
Seen such a major development take place with so little fanfare so that there are a coin to our sales holes
I'm not talking about Todd direct. I'm talking about some people that we like and it's not him
There are a lot of people out there like I said last week who haven't got a clue that Howard Stern is on this radio station
Or that he's a back on your period in the market. How do you like that?
Yes, that's what I call bringing marketing Greg
That's what I call really getting out there and putting your best foot forward or maybe sticking it right in your ass
All the billboards would take and remember that I see the achieve channel owns the billboards
And they said well, we don't have any available at this time or maybe for the next several years for you people
Yeah
Line nine that would you keep away in that there? Oh, that's probably just as well, you know it
Of Greek soldier guarding an Olympic facility in Athens has been shot dead after apparently playing a game of Russian roulette with a policeman security source to save
You see this no no no
Greek police were questioning a policeman today in connection with a pre-dawn shooting at the gates of an Olympic village hosting escorts to Olympic teams in the
Metoki parinthus a region of Athens
Well, I hear that Athens is just a smelly nasty polluted rotten filthy place. Yeah, you took my heart
That's it
It appeared that a prank had gone right and not only that you talk about people that don't like the soap
Well, you know, it's that Greek thing. They're afraid they're gonna drop that slippery soap that you use or do leave it
It's part of their heritage part of their culture. They're really here
I mean, yeah, this this business of not taking a bat not changing your clothes. I'm sorry, man
I just I'm not into it. I can't stand being around people. Let's think
It appeared that a prank had gone wrong while the pair were playing with a service revolver containing a single bullet sources at it
25 year old soldier was shot in the forehead and guess what he died. He's dead
The policeman was described as a new recruit age 20 a second policeman
It was on foot patrol with a suspect of the time of the incident was also being questioned the Metoki
A print parental whatever it is facility will host a mountain bike races at the end of the week
And not exciting the mountain bike races
It was used again with the us not too special Olympic cup wheelchair race right
And the a synchronized pair is diving and all of this other
Manufacturer, oh, and how about the beach volleyball too? Hey, it's our favorite. Oh, give me a
Break, you know, I want to see who does an acid. Well, first of all most of the dice
I mean, you know what I got I almost forgot about this
We can hear this what he got a minute
From the crow this weekend. I don't know where the hell this starts on here
But you're not gonna believe he's talking about this one. Uh, Dyke all right in about if Alaska is found to have a large private
She will be destroyed qualified
From the competition and strips of her metal
If the ball just found to be only a hernia a hernia what the Romanian powerhouse legend will only grow in the sports women
Wait, what?
Sorry, for argument sake, let's just say it's a hernia said Jacob
And she's extremely tough though because I can't imagine how painful it would be to lift that kind of weight
With five or six inches of intestines bulging through your abdominal wall
Ha ha ha ha
Weight lifting officials and Olympic officials will meet
With Miss Laska this afternoon to examine the bulge
I'm so glad I remember I had that. Oh, I'm so glad. I thought I was a bad reader. Oh, yeah, she got a big guy
Yeah, but there were several great words that he had in there. I like the crow, okay
He makes people feel better about themselves because no matter how it literally they might be, you know, he's a set a whole new standard now
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and T in Verizon wireless line
What's the biggest problem with America?
How many hope we got on here so far? We got problems, baby. We got tourists
162 votes the masses are more on 77 a president who's in imbicill 66
Absolutely correct sure too many guns only seven
She that could be a lot higher than that you've gotten that but the brain walks. It's the same as the religion
Oh, that's another one
Yeah
Too many religious nuts
All right, that'll do well, huh?
Well, I'd like to hear them in on there right off the bat
But leave it to me to have to come up with half of the things for this pool too many religious nuts
You don't find that hardly anywhere else in the world except maybe in the Islamic countries like over there where they're like protecting that mosque
That's something oh
You can all blow each other's brains out. You can all do all of the sudden but don't mess with the mosque
Maybe you're gonna get us all really pissed off and don't mess with those are flying carpets either
It's just uh
And nobody wants to talk about these things nobody wants to say him
Because you might offend somebody a god squad
Hello, I'm Martha Stewart and I'm endorsing the first candidates who offers to give me
A presidential party that would be a good thing
You know, I don't I don't think I heard a legal ID there. Did you?
No, you know
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White House Association
Let's face most of us will never be rich. Now we probably won't even be successful
And that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun
They scared the shit out of people and intimidate them and and giving you whenever you want
That's right handguns think about it. Need some cash rob a bank don't have enough money for fear all the convenience store
Takes chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free if you've got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend
Kill him. It's a simple solution to life's complex problems
What I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Well, if you don't want to wait to five days who cares by the damn thing up the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and can be considered a population control
Yes handguns they just might make your fans
I
Live in a one and five sixty w. We got a hundred ninety six vote not too shabby there, right?
That's too shabby. I would say what's the biggest problem in America
The masses are more on ninety three. Boy. I certainly echoed that sediment man so many stupid people in so little time
A president who was in imbestyle 78. That's why so many can relate to him so well
We got to play that cruel thing again
We won that great too many guns eight only eight
In the sunshine state and ain't that great too many fat people six the media sucks for we've lost touch with god three
Too many religious notes that's they're gonna get going. It's only got a pair so far. That's gonna zoom up there
I would oh, but I would pray oops. Sorry
Bad work ethic one and there are no problems one
That's right. I'm our can't got no problems. We're the best and the brightest in the uh best decision
We got the best fast food joints right all of the right and all of these things and not an example
We smell pretty good compared to the rest of the world. I will say that right
America there are two categories. I'll give you where you can't be to America with a stick number one and that is food
Okay in terms of all different kinds of ethnic cuisine
I'm sure the best Italian food isn't Italy in the best German food isn't Germany and all of that
But I'm talking about in all different kinds
Chinese
You name it man the delicious. There are so many great restaurants in the US of different kinds can't touch it
That's number one and what was number two that I was gonna say that one was to go all in the fact that we smell pretty damn good
There's another window and what's that
Military military area that we got that great name. I wouldn't know about that
We're having a few problems these days. We're a little thin. We're spread out though. Our stretch a little bit thin
Well, wait till we go into Iran, baby
And Syria and Lebanon and North Korea all of these things
Because we got a war time president just ask him he'll tell you
And then we're gonna go and clean out Abu Gharr
All that mess in that joint too air for wait till you hear this from the British online Sun. Oh, this is
This is very long, but we got a lot of time today
What all of a sudden yeah, so this is this I don't want to get people nervous or anything like that or a scared over the
And then this is Britain anyway, but it's the same in the USA
Airport security scandal exposed and undercover son reporter is exposed chilling security blunders
By smuggling a fake bomb onto a jet train more than 220 British holiday makers
Anthony France used bogus references to get a job as a baggage handler
He then took the bomb on challenge in the hold of the Thomas Cook
757 of Birmingham International Airport. Here's his story
A string of breathtaking security blunders allowed me to clinch a job as an airport baggage handler and take a fake bomb on a packed holiday jet
I got my seven pound an hour. That's almost a fourteen bucks an hour
Uh job at Birmingham International Airport despite providing bogus references a false home address
Incorrect bank details and lying about my past all of these things
All of these things then incredibly I was waved through a staff security checkpoint leading to the plane's luggage hold
With components for the device hidden in my shoe
Could I be one of Osama's terrorists that could have wiped out more than 220 British passengers on the Thomas Cook flight to my
And thousands more on the ground below of course
And said I can today reveal the catalog of gaps which let me on board
Birmingham International is meant to be on high alert after was named as one of our cuttas top UK targets
Just weeks ago and legs plot to bomb it and three other airports was followed by a police swoop
Yet I passed two crucial background text despite telling lie after lie after lie he must have confirmed with Greg read before he went there for interview
You know Greg with that outfit of his lies be us all. Sorry. I was reading a fact. Oh
I got my job as a baggage handler three days after answering a newspaper advert from avionts one of the country's biggest airport recruitment firms
I was interviewed for just 20 minutes before being taken on
I told questioner Keith Roberts who joked about my name that I'd worked for two manufacturing firms for the past six years
But a simple inquiry would have shown one didn't exist and the other was an on trading limited company
At the same time an internet search could have established my true identity as a journalist in two seconds
I hold a press card authorized by Scotland yard and in 2001 carried out another undercover probe in Heathrow
When I told our port authorities would carry out a police and criminal record bureau check. I assumed I'd be caught
But despite mr. Roberts warning there are no secrets here police and CRB check show everything. I was in
With my written reference applied for but still to arrive
I completed a two-day induction course was handed an airside pass which let me wander around the airport's most sensitive areas
I soon found a loophole at staff key to checkpoint used by workers to access airside areas from the main terminal
Their employees bags were scanned and staff puts through a metal detector
But all baggage handlers were issued with steel-toed cat boots which automatically surf off the detector and master presence of bombs or guns
And although one of the three security officers on duty would invariably frisk you
He never looked inside your shoes
Furthermore, searchers of possessions grew more cursory the more guards you got to know
often saw colleagues who were simply waved right on the shrew
One worker sparklack when he got past carrying a metal knife and a fork in his lunchbox
I passed through with two large bars of dense coffee in my bag with no one start to investigate
And armed with his knowledge I went to work at 6 a.m. August 17
Video taped by son photographer Nigel Carrens and with the bomb components in my shoe
My device consisted of nearly 200 grams of plasticine which closely resembles the high explosive semtex
A timing device that set a wires into batteries in a partridge and a pair of tree
A 200 gram bomb is half the size of that used over locker-be the more than enough to disintegrate the 757 which was minutes away from takeoff
Once airside I assembled my bomb in a toilet and pocketed it
One and a half hours later I was one of five baggage handlers picked out to turn around fly TCX 875K
After offloading hundreds of bags with a colleague I was left alone in the rear hold
Against strict regulations while my while my leading hand supervisor went to collect more luggage
I was unsupervised for five minutes which enabled me to take several chilling pictures of myself with the bomb
Millions have been spent on high-tech scanning system and airports like Birmingham since locker-be
But I could have easily blown up a plane. It was shocking
Despite the incredible breach of your poor chief's life that insisted safety was paramount a spokesman said the safety and security
And passengers remains are top priority and we comply with all government requirements for security
We're just incompetent I guess is what he was trying to say. How do you like that? Huh?
All your little chilling out there. It's kind of a chilling story for all your chilling everybody else
Now what are these specs of your center stuff?
Huh just crap. Yeah. Oh again about Bob Hamilton is poor whining person who works in magic 102.7
It wants to keep using us as a conduit a Gary conduit to
Unleash his frustrations and venom against poor Bob Hamilton the program director at magic 102.7 with those fantastic oldies they believe that crap
AKA
Uh, build me a buttercup the foundations and more build me up land the course to write his brothers
Yeah, it's his Bob Hamilton the S-Wipe states manager from magic 102.7 has done it again
After a very popular nighttime host Tom Kemenini was forced. We used to be if the uh, uh, the coast
Yes, am I right? Yes, and actually somebody we like yes
Or somebody you like I don't know who that is good guy
After very popular nighttime host Tom Kemenini was forced to leave the station mr
Hamilton decided that broadcasting probably isn't a talent anyway
And decided to have open auditions from fans to fill the evening shift. Oh, that sounds brilliant
Sounds like something that Steve nickel would do you won't like it
Remember that?
I could we forget oh brother. We still have it here. So we're neo won't like it
Steve nickel a program director who had a few problems of his own he
Used to bring in bozos from the audience and on the weekend let him do a show just schmucks off the street
Oh, pull for a broadcaster and
Because of the fact I mean everything was neo will like it neo won't like it neo this new lab in his mind
So the name of the show was neo won't like it and I guess he was right it was crap
After months of hoardon air auditions. I made your market video people who stammer stubborn push wrong buttons gave way to a clown
Uh as a Eric Reed sound alike named bands Phillips was awarded 30,000 dollar a year with no insurance prizes a new personality
Oh, by the way speaking of Eric Reed
They straighter who's the new panther announcer on tv if they were plaguing another rumor went to Columbus
He sounds just like Eric Reed talks to his teeth and he's very generic. He's kind of like the davel brine of hockey
Pretty weak and I see that river and the jugs makes all about kiss his ass in the papers. Oh, he's a very professional
He's great. Yeah, right terminal
Anyway the new personality winner has to say oldies magic radio
One or two point seven after every song every song by the way seem to be their moaning moaning run chain melody. Oh the right's his brothers. What I tell you
Hamilton is cheap
Espeg now stuck with the contest winner has to figure out how to find half the audience to the since left the popular
Camini is gone and you think your station sucks. Well as a matter of fact there we do
Also operated former show host Ken held do op shop has moved from y790. Oh, that this is this is just a radio group
Why am I wasting all of this valuable time with this crap?
Anybody have any idea who that is this this do op shop how many people listen to that crap
Third man Tom jica and Ed Kaplan and about the ten other people
Magic had a chance to put him back on magic can't hold but they held one on stage at a recent concert bad
Mouth magic by saying they played 20 records and then Hamilton and Mindy Lang were idiots
Well, he's got a couple of good points there. Do we know Mindy Lang? I think I know her. I know she is or I think she had her eyes done
Yeah, wouldn't she on TV there for while doing those spots about the lacek crap. I'll take your word for it
Yeah Mindy Lang
I don't know where that well. I think she's a bubble head
I know let's see. Where's a couple of more for the pool cost of health care insurance
No, we don't want to say how about just health care okay, huh?
Health care and number two lawyers and ridiculous lawsuits. Well, can't we just say lawyers?
Sure. There you go health care lawyers. We'll put them all on there lots of problems and a one
Close up is there more than one or is there just that one no problems none of the above yeah
There are no problems one just to be a smartass probably probably Todd Dreck
Well, I guess what Todd if you don't have any problems yet
We're gonna make damn sure that you got plenty by the end of the day at least
If he doesn't anyhow
What up were you in there when that dog and pony show was going on? Yeah
With screw in and Todd Dreck and yours truly
Yeah, but to be put about the door and see he won't take no for an answer
It's not like a normal real person you could say no, I'm just not gonna do that and then and maybe there might be a second attempt
Well, you know, and then that should be the end of the conversation now with Todd Dreck
But if you listen to me if you give me a cup no n. Oh, which letter didn't you understand you simple than you little quizzling you get lost no
In fact no matter what the question is Todd next time the answer is no
Even bringing screw in you always drags her in there like like a
What would the term be as court?
No, not an escort like a
camouflage like he's gonna cover up the fact that he's there, you know
He's gonna somehow master fact that it has something to do with him
What ever it is Todd directly answer is absolutely positively
Right now for a limited time or even save more than ever before on top selling mattresses from our good friends at dollar mattress
Call 1-800 mattress today for extra discounts above and beyond their everyday low factory direct prices
Plus now you get an extra 10% off served as perfect sleep or magnolia and I do love that movie
Combine these savings with the dollar mattress award winning service rank number one overall customer satisfaction is winners of the
2000 for better business bureau local turture excellence award
They're on time delivery policies. So you choose the to our window
You want your mattress delivered to be satisfied customer just as I am this is written as brilliantly as I've ever seen
Have a college student the need of vetting pickup that phone right now and call 1-800 mattress
And you can get same-day delivered to all major colleges and universities from Miami to Maine from Kendall Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers
Down on mattress can and will deliver you the best vetting going everybody at QM is called 1-800 mattress for their vetting
You ought to be doing the same log on to mattress.com or give them a call right now toll free
1-800 mattress
1-800 M-A-T-T-R-E-S
From a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up film about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind
Is invasion of convenience or snack aisle like a Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones
Baron Heights 7-11 exposing the man who is becoming the most heated figure in the Arab world
From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells slim gins and condy bars
We'll find a fat man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all
Baron Heights 7-11 excuse me Congressman
What we're recruiting that children and politicians to work in convenience stores when Michael Moore comes in with a hanger for 20s
Sir, please come back. Come on take a second. They're in height 7-11 now showing 24 hours a day 7 days a week
11-19 at 560 W-2M so one of our sales holes we're not talking Todd Rick right now. We're talking about fat boy
Hi, howdy came in this morning and told me that he had three T.I.A.s in like what was it in about a 24 hour period something like that
Yeah, something like that three or minor strokes
You know you know what that generally means
Yeah
I was this before after he was like eating some of that how is it you guys had in there
He's not on the how he's he probably calls in himself from that side of the building stop eating you fat
Disgusting and I asked him what kind of flowers he wants on his tombstone or no question about it
In fact, you know what kind of pizza he wants delivered
No tombstone pizza it was white flowers. Yeah
Oh
Man well, we might as well laugh about it because you know the deal. Yeah, I do can't help Gordon's helping right
The fat people are the good people and the fat people are the dead people and he's gonna be very soon
Okay, that's our prediction in fact. Let's take up an office pool on the day and the time that fat boy finally just
Right, what you don't know while he's alive and that's not a bad idea, right? And then at least you'll appreciate it
This is very bad news talking about our pool about how many stupid people there are I can't understand it
I mean is it just me don't you have a difficult time understanding that the pool is even as close
Please
If a recent pool holds true florida could have Americans biting their nails again as votes are counted in November's presidential election
So the problem being that there are two of it people more concerned about their erection than the election is that possibly what it is?
Yeah
President Bush and his democratic challenger John Kerry of Massachusetts each received support from 45% of respondents in the brand new
CNN USA today Gallup Polar registered Florida voters
Ralph Nader and you people on vote for Nader
I'm gonna tell you we're gonna come to your house and we're gonna pee in your cornflakes and tell you that right now
We're gonna do bodily damage to you stubborn fools you morons
Say they're just like him. They're just like him the way he says no matter what there is absolutely nothing
That's gonna happen that'll cause him to withdraw and the get out of the race Nader
Don't confuse him with the facts
You talk about mammoth ego
We we got to do that ego pull again pretty soon, you know what yeah, we did including somebody on the station in the morning now
Ralph Nader who may appear on the floor to ballot as the before party candidate do the support of 3% in the pool
conducted between friday and sunday this past weekend
With 27 electoral host orders one of the elections top prizes as we will know
A high above above this and that goes on about what stuff we know the chance
Nader won 2.7% of the national vote placing him third but many Democrats blame him for seconding off votes in key states
Especially Florida they would have gone to al-Gorwin or would have it would have been too lopsided to be able to fix the election
Although the country is since seen the terrorist attacks of 9.11.2001 the war in Iraq the political division among Florida voters is apparently changed very little
Don't confuse Florida voters with the facts even hurricane Charlie sorry Charlie
Which brought billions of dollars worth of devastation to Florida August 13 hasn't shifted voters opinions on the presidential race
70% of respondents said they approve our but oh god. Oh how he responded to the disaster
That's 10 points higher than flibby is rated as fathers response to Andrew in 1992 and 76% said they approve of his fat ass brother
Jeb Bush how he's handled the state's relief efforts. Well, that's a pretty near-old question, isn't it?
You think that look you think that unless you live in putt and by the way can I tell you something you idiots at CNN? It's not
Punta Gorda okay. It's not puttagorda. It's punta Gorda. How the hell you pronounce it? It's not puttagorda
They even had they even had a guy on one they explained that it looks like puttagorda in esponial, but it's punta Gorda is how they pronounce it
Now they got me confused punta Gorda you morons you you're supposed to be educated
You're supposed to be like telling a masses where the hell it's at where to find it punta Gorda just drop back 10 yards and putt
Punta
I'll puttagorda
Anyway, these high marks were as response to the hurricane. Don't appear to have helped Bush's
Re-election bit as a part of my registered voters dropped four points between the most recent poll and one taken in mid-July
Well, that's good
The poll also shows a dead hate between Bush and Kerry when the
671 likely voters were questioned
Although it's within the Bush 48 Kerry 46 and eight or 2% in that survey the likely voters
I'm gonna tell you one thing right now while you write winners all you log cabin Republicans another right wing for business
I'm telling you right this now
We're gonna round up more far to his election day and you're not gonna stop from voting either, okay?
We're gonna knock down or let us in let us in we're gonna just take a page out of those right wingers book from 2000
Yeah, we're gonna have people we're gonna have dead people voting. We're gonna have dark people vote
We're gonna have my lot of us voting. We're gonna have like Mexicans voting
We're gonna illegal aliens voting legal aliens, but I know both people who aren't crazy about Cuba
Right
Right all of these things. This is if I'm telling you right now that man wins again. I'm moving to Canada
Okay, all right
If the Bush-Master wins again, I just can't even imagine and let's see if we're blocking
Speaking of a neurotic repetition since Florida continues being as incompetent as they come as we want to be
We we like it. We enjoy we're masochists. That's why you're talking about yeah
Count me out
Palm Beach County's absentee ballot points voters to confuse him some say
Jim Kent shuddered when he saw Palm Beach County's absentee ballot people aren't gonna understand it
How come Teresa LaPore still got a job?
I don't know it took an act of God practically to get rid of Miriam elephant and she keeps suing everybody that ever came down to play
But they find a guy with a her stupid ass
But in Palm Beach County to Teresa LaPore is back for more. Oh, man
People are not gonna understand this he said the ballot which instructs people are connected arrow to vote for the candidate of their choice
It's gonna be a mess again
From the butterfly ballot to the broken arrow supervisor elections to resell of poor that miserable idiotic bitch is setting up the county for another election
Meltdown potentially said the Delray Beach retiree
Who was communications director for children's hospital in Miami and a communications specialist for Palm Beach County school district
Camp another's wonder why LaPore had to complicate matters by using the broken arrow when voters could simply be asked to fill in a circle to indicate their vote known as bubbling in
People have to bubble in a lot of things today, but I've never seen where you have to connect an arrow
He said Debbie Dent
Martin counties deputy supervisor elections agreed
I just tell people it's like filling in a lot of card and they get it right away. She said
Palm Beach County is the only county in South Florida where absentee voters are asked to connect the arrow next to a candidate's name
Instead of just filling in a bubble
They'd powered Martin St. Lucie counties now all eyes voters to bubble in just fill in that little just bubble it
LaPore defends the arrow method if I do circles they complain about the circle she said
She after the use the arrow format after the show it was easier for voters
She said Indian River County supervisor elections cave claim former prison
They floor association elections supervise the sentience to an arrows for the same reason
But some who study voting behavior say the arrows aren't easier for voters
They are easy to read practical scanners which use the county absentee ballots
So they won't confuse the scanners that just confuse the voters
And we'll have another mess and then we can like go through another hand-ringing
Got wrenching all about crap right and the judge can take his eye out of the socket and stick it up to the sky
Hey guys listen up summers winding down and I know you're looking for a place to unwind
Well, it doesn't get any better than the world famous treasure island
conveniently located right off the Palmetto north of the 120 second street exit they bear it all for you
Every week they bring you the most beautiful women from around the world
Their multi-stage layout provides three to four live totally nude female dancers at the same time
So you get a great view from anywhere in the club
There's a daily happy hour with free buffet and discounted drinks
Join me every Wednesday from five to seven for a great happy hour party
We'll have giveaways loads of fun and great dancers
Plus this week is special comes the Stephanie Evans who's appeared on the Howard Stern Show live on stage
Stephanie's ping pong ball stunt will amaze you you'll want to be their Wednesday from five to seven to be part of it all
Every Sunday night bring your girl to Treasure Island to compete in their amateur contest at midnight
She can win a thousand dollars in cash and prizes. Don't just take my word for it
Maxim magazine chose Treasure Island as Miami's best strip club
So make plans to join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday at Treasure Island open seven days from noon till five a.m
Treasure Island just off the Palmeco north of 120 second street treasure Island where they bear it all for you
I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner
But Neil I apologize
It's waitio you are the truth
The sound is on the big
What's that stand for all dad no that's just short for Orlando blue you don't look
You know no
No
Now Neil's gonna rip me for four hours. I've been asked to keep distance
Confidence but in case you're wondering why we're here
Don't got suspended don't got suspended
Oh
Maybe we should take this call from our special guest Roberto L'Oongo
I am a boy though you know and I'm the boy to the pants of now
I drew that squeaky boy sky that goes by all the time
Oh
Confused with a character on another show that's not me. I have children. You know
Okay
from the brand new ESPN, the ticket, whatever that's going to be.
We're going to have to vote it on.
We're going to vote everybody's schedule on there. Why not?
I believe it's 9-11.
9-11, the M in other words, he's going to be out against us for...
Oh, that's right. We're not out on the level.
We're in love anyway.
That's right. So Joe Rose can be our leader again.
That's a good idea for those who are not of the Howard Barraini.
I'll be guarding Howard Barraini.
And anything else, Robin?
Yeah, I'll find something here.
This fact that you just sent me from Andy Courage, this is just...
Unbelievable.
Outrageous.
Absolutely, Joe.
I've got a phrase called... Huh?
They were never saw that coming.
No, not with their point ones. In other words, what's the point?
Because all you classical music people out there that are too cheap to go out and buy a CD or anything.
I mean, they're always, you know, well, we're intellectual.
Much of snobs is basically what a boy's down to.
And we're all above the rest.
So as a result, you think that those people are going out a few bucks.
They can go out and get a CD or a player in their car, and in their home, and things like that.
So they can listen to...
Because first of all, who wants to listen to classical music on the radio in the first place, right?
Old, cheap people.
Old, cheap bastards, which of course is most of South Florida.
Oi!
So anyway, here's the bad news.
Classical 1360 announces programming shifts WKAT.
Boy, let's see, how many years has it now, 28 and a half?
Since I marched first 1976 inside the VUWKAT and Miami, catch the cat.
Lin Russell Craig Worthing, Jim Altman, he's dead, I think.
Who else? Artsmith, he was the engineer. He's dead. Harry Barry, he's dead.
Art, I remember him. He's an artsmith.
A whole lot of dead people. Sonny Hirsch, he's dead.
Jean, who is the other sports guy? Jean's somebody, rather, here's a jerk.
And then what about Mark Forster, the sales guy?
I remember his kid called in that time.
A couple years ago, I sure hope that Mark is still alive and popping him pills.
He was a good guy, he was just nervous, you know, like a lot of sales people.
Really nervous, hyper.
Bob Allen, the sales manager from WKAT, he's dead.
He won't be shooting any more than Notre Dame baskets.
That's just good at tasking, he'd like to shoot the basket.
Anyway, here's the bad news for you. Classical music maven's out there.
All 60 of you, I'm sorry, I'm exaggerating.
330 of you who've been listening to classical music on that scratchy, horrible AM signal that they got.
See, I really thought when I got that Java KT, I was in Miami in the South Florida market.
I didn't realize it.
Unless you lived within 10 miles of the transmitter with her on Bay Road, off Alton,
nobody could hear the station. Very bad signal.
Due to changes in marketing conditions and our desire to keep classical music in our community,
the ownership of WKAT AM has decided to sell long form brokerage programming each week and weekend,
morning until noon.
We want you to know that we're doing this in order to keep classical radio on the air
to this Andy Courage who's a real bull.
Remember him from Paxon?
Sure.
Since, why you liked him?
Never won. Neither way.
I saw there.
Who was the Black sales guy from Paxon?
Was that, that would not be best.
Dan Best was the WNWS.
Who was the Black?
Huh?
Dan Trotlin.
Was that his name?
Yes.
Trouser Trout?
That's him.
Since the beginning of this year, the advertising business on classical 13,
60 has been poor.
We've worked very hard over the past two years to make it work as a 24-7 classical music radio station,
but unfortunately, revenues have decreased.
In other words, I'm dying out of here.
Then in August, WACCAM, a Jefferson Pyrrular radio station, leased their station,
forcing all of their broker clients to look for a new home for their programs.
The logical thing to do would be to broker all of our programming,
but we're committed to classical music programming.
We decided to only benefit from this change in the market by brokering the mornings.
This way, we can still provide 17 to 18 hours a day of scratchy sounding classical music
programs in our horrible marginal signal, while getting our business in order
by increasing revenue quickly through the brokerage of the mornings.
I know this may not be the liking of our many classical music listeners,
but it is essential for us to do this order to get our business in order.
And at the end of the day, if there's one thing I can't stand is people that
are one of my least favorite clichs at the end of the day.
You know who likes to say that?
At the end of the day.
Your close personal, a friend, Miss Tanner likes to say that.
At the end of the day, oh, that's what she says.
I think she, how come we didn't have our little, we had Clarence in there for a few minutes
this morning, much too long.
Although tomorrow is payday, thanks Clarence.
We didn't have Duff.
He's very busy in the morning these days.
No time.
And at the end of the day, the station is a business,
and must show respectable deterances and records the general manager of sometimes classical KAT.
Without that, when we need to assess the viability of classical radio as a business for KAT,
we believe that with this formula of broker mornings and fine classical scratchy music
the rest of the evening, we can have a very viable business and keep classical radio
life our community if the only choice we have.
And of course, you remember the way cops broadcasting lied through their teeth when they bought WTMI?
Yes.
And Bob Green was spouting all we're going to do everything we can to keep the classical music on.
And of course, a boom, but a Bing, but a boom.
And it was gone before we know it.
And it is not with the one that became party radio.
That is, what a piece of crap.
Once again, we know that this may not be the lacking of our many loyal listeners,
but at this point the only other alternative that being a complete format change
is something we do not want to consider as Andy.
We're committed to keeping classical music on the radio for a stop-floor.
We're hoping that you're committed as our loyal listeners and friends.
In fact, it says here, if you listen to our station, you probably should be committed.
To continue this important station by staying tuned in and frequenting our advertisers
without this, the decision we may have to make regarding the future of our station
may not be a pleasant one.
And certainly a decision that we want to avoid.
Everyone at Classical 13, 60 appreciates your consideration and thanks.
Now, this is a like, like a press release.
Are you threatening me?
Yeah. In other words, if you don't listen, then we're going to have to drive in.
In other words, just a matter of time because the paper tonight is sponsored.
I make it important.
You have to listen and go via a lot of crap at our sponsors.
Right. And of course, you have to advertise on KAT and subsidize that classical music crap
that the 45 pseudo intellectuals who are too cheap to buy a CD player are listening to.
Without this, it may be not a pleasant one.
Oh, brother, that's a transferring is a pain of glass and it's a pain in the ass.
Nobody cares, Andy. Okay, but it kills them good times.
Where did that come from?
Obviously, somebody who works on business.
Or somebody used to work in the business and I was over there at KAT.
By the way, thanks again, Sid Levin, you're the man.
Sid Levin, former general manager, former Dave County commissioner, no less.
Did I tell you all about that dinner we had at Ruth Chris with Craig Worthing and Sid Levin about how Craig
not only ate all his food but half a mine and some of the leftovers from the previous table?
Yes, you are.
I did.
He's okay in my book, old Sid Levin.
He's a monochemium. I'm not big break.
Thank you, Sid. Without you, I couldn't be pulling off this scam.
Here's Cheryl in Indian River County.
I voted in Indian River County, absentee.
So Cheryl, I connected the arrows without much confusion.
But I really felt like a first grader in art class.
The worst part was using a number two pencil, a pencil as per the instructions.
Yeah, well, while they do it in pencil, kind of like the QM programming schedule.
That's those card readers, you know, like when you take your test, you need a number to pencil.
Yeah, you need to do number two.
The outer envelope had my name address and party affiliation on the return address sticker.
How can we need to think my whole account?
No. Probably not, Cheryl.
Especially in Indian River County, only the bush people get to vote in the Indian River.
You're a senior, real Roger.
More than real Roger.
Oh, I tell me, I tell me, I tell me.
I tell me, I tell me, I tell me.
Now you're the boy, not a stinking painter.
What a wonderful, as a man, as a man, just real.
You're the one, I told you, you're cool.
That's the one around me, it's gonna miss you.
That's the guy that knocked his little tooth out of me.
I tell you, you're cool, I tell me, I tell me.
I tell you, I tell me.
I tell you, I tell me, I tell me.
Goodbye, Gilded.
No hockey season, baby.
I'd say on a scale of minus and infinity, there ain't no chance.
I'll get to that store about the Panthers a little later on.
Anybody here? No.
No.
I'm gonna be no hockey season.
You can almost be a big, red reads life on it.
Fourteen to noone.
So anyway, screw in this morning, I was just thinking about it.
Remember I told you that time I'm walking in the streets of Amsterdam?
And one of these rusted drug peddlers gives me this crap.
Crack gawk and I said, I'm not interested.
Get away because you get buggin' me.
And he said, why not?
Well, that just sticks in my mind.
You know, it was kind of interesting to come back.
Why not?
Ain't interested, schmuck.
And it was the same thing this morning with the scurrain trying to sum me on that leasic eye thing, you know?
I don't want it.
But why not?
It's a very simple procedure.
Everybody's doing it.
Well, great.
I still see a lot of people with glasses, don't you?
All the time.
All the time.
I see, oh, just zillions of people with glasses.
And I'm sure it's a fine thing.
Kevin Wallace won nine races at Windsor Raceway Sunday,
and probably because he's got the leasic couple years ago,
and he can see where he's going now.
I just mentioned that in passing.
But, you know, why not?
Why don't you want somebody cutting on your body parts and diddling with your eyes?
Because I don't.
That's all.
Do I have an over her explanation?
That bitch that's smelly nasty slut?
I don't think so.
Anyway, how's that pool coming?
I'm so glad you asked.
He got, I mean, really worked up this morning,
because she didn't want to take for an answer.
See, Todd Wreckinger, they think that if she comes wall-sitting in their hand in hand with him,
that no matter what unacceptable crap that he wants me to do,
I'll say, oh, sure, screw on whatever you want, bitch.
Not this time.
Well, I better not be picking on her too much.
I'll get suspended.
You know what I'm writing?
Yeah.
You don't want to pick on brazil girlfriends,
because then you get suspended.
I wonder what happens when you pick on Greg's new girlfriend?
Anyway, what's the biggest problem with America's our pool question today?
We got 401 votes already.
It's not too bad, huh?
And then hour and a half?
That's about it.
Now that I'd be somebody out there listening now,
I mean, the fact, see, this thing with Stern, believe you,
I want you people to understand, make no mistake about it.
We are ecstatic.
We support the Howard Stern Show,
80 million percent, not because we like it,
not because we listen to it, not because it's for us,
but because it makes our life a hell of a lot easier.
Showed up.
A lot, lot, lot less work in fact.
That's 10-20 this morning.
That probably won't happen again for a long time.
In fact, it better not.
It's just not a good idea.
Huh?
Better you than me.
Right.
So we just want you to understand.
But in terms of the audience, man,
you talk about jerk in the audience around.
Greg Reed has shown nothing but contempt and disregard
for the loyally-erage's audience.
We've made it millions and dollars these last seven years,
but that's okay.
Just keep that in mind.
What's the biggest problem with America?
The masses are morons, 162.
I guess we could have said that masses are asses,
but then again, that would be bad.
We don't want to say that.
We don't want to say that.
Ask God.
Never want to talk about that.
162.
Morons.
A president who's an imbistual 132.
Sounds like a good fit to me.
Too many religious nuts.
I told you that it moved up to 36.
The media sucks 17.
Too many guns only 17.
Now, that doesn't just bother you.
The fact that there are so few people who understand that.
And probably because there are so few people who have ever been
in the civilized places where people aren't all like armed of the teeth
and run around shooting each other.
That okay.
Oh.
We've lost touch with God.
11.
I told you that would do okay.
But God's squad.
We've lost touch with the Lord.
We have to get back with the Lord.
We're a bunch of immoral perverts.
Lawyers 9.
Bad work ethic 7.
Too many fat people 7.
Health care 4.
And there are no problems that one idiot who's just being a hard ass.
Too many fat people.
You notice that everybody in their brother now is this is the big deal.
Oh, look at this.
It used to be 30% were overweight, obese, and then it was 40 and 50.
And now everybody's talking about it.
Everybody is low carbonate.
Everybody is acting zing it.
Everybody is a Susan summarizing it.
Everybody is a South Beach dieting it.
And we're getting fatter.
And fatter.
And fatter.
We host people are I'm not.
I'm like 187.
That's not too bad for me.
Very good.
Huh?
Better than 199 and a half.
Yeah.
I'm kind of at the moment holding my own if you get my drift.
So anyway, about that story the guy I don't know.
I'm on a rule here.
I'm taking a lot of stories and not too many calls because it's one of those rare days that get to say something.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hola.
WQAM.
Hello.
Right there.
See just while I'm ready to take a couple of these stupid call great calls WQAM.
Yes.
Good morning.
I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
With Neil?
Yes it is.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
I was going out with a vote man.
I want to vote for something.
Okay.
Good.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
One of your people maybe one of your old people he's probably in sweet water.
He sounded kind of sweet to me.
5670560.
560 on a 18 and T in Verizon line.
Don't forget to look for the QM band today.
Five to seven of the publics in Miramar, 1951 Miramar Parkway, no less.
Stop by to spin that QAM Veele for prizes and register to win a period of dolphin.
I'm going to go and tighten it to the President's beer display.
Your Miami dolphins, boy it's going to be, it's going to be ugly.
WQAM hello.
Yeah, I think the problem is not respect for people, the attitudes and things.
No respect.
No respect.
Okay.
Rodney Dangerfield calling with a bad phoney voice.
Lackere Respect.
How do you like that?
Is that okay?
We'll do it.
Lackere Respect for others.
That sounds so goody to us.
That's good.
Lackere Respect for others.
Lackere Respect for each other.
That's good, especially in South Florida.
The city of Rio.
We hate you.
WQAM hello.
How are sucks.
Whoa.
We don't want to get too personal, okay?
I haven't been on a year long enough.
WQAM hello.
Good afternoon or good morning, Neil.
Good evening, T.S. sir.
How are you doing?
Good evening, a great deal.
Are you in Toronto?
I'm in Toronto today.
I'm somewhere.
Yeah, I'm right here in my place.
It's a pleasure to hear your voice.
And George does a great job, even though he's in Toronto.
This is the year that George has come into his own man.
George is in Toronto.
He's great.
He talks all kind of smack.
It's great.
This is about finding co-oper call.
Have a great day, Neil.
Great to hear you.
Okay, see you.
These people act like, early seated, like I'm almost never wrong.
Oh, that's right.
And this is the last week for the...
Well, this is the last week for the summer time.
Hey, at least I'm around once in a while.
Unlike Tom Jicke, who says that I'm an auto touch because I'm in Toronto.
Good party.
And here's a little Tommy Jicke.
I said the search party out for Tommy because nobody can find him.
He has written a column since the...
Jesus was a baby.
And here we got all the stirring stuff going on and Hank is in suspended animation.
All of these major, major radio and media stories going on.
Where's a little Tommy, huh?
Nobody can find out a touch a little bald headed Tommy Jicke.
I haven't even told you about him in the last few years.
He's slipping, man.
The dawn is slipping.
He used to be right on top of things and now it's like...
I don't know, it's probably from Grypson too much on a year.
WQA and Hello.
QA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, my friend?
I'm still doing great.
There's like a waste of minutes to go.
You are a breath of fresh air.
What can we do for you, sir?
What do you guys?
I really just wanted to call.
I haven't talked to you in a long time and I've been a habit listener and a big supporter for many, many years.
And I just wanted to get your take on the...
What do you think?
Gorgon and Hank are going to make it or...
Hey, Gorgon and Hank are going to make it, man.
I was going to make it from president.
Yes, yes.
Time, this is our...
Huh?
That's a time-work call.
That was beautiful.
That was time, he's worked.
That's all.
He's a little excited.
Now he's talking to a superstar.
Judge Bloss, R&C protest in Central Park going back to that guy that called earlier about this.
Representatives of an Arab American group and let me tell you, you long rehabbed that.
They are better cool, they are cooler, but okay, you're starting to agree and you're going to irritate a lot of people.
Representatives of an Arab American group in an anti-war group say they're urgently conferring with their attorneys on what step to take after a federal judge.
Turn down the request together in New York Central Park and stage a protest before the Republican National Convention.
The anti-war answer coalition and the National Council of Arab, Smot-to-Head Americans follow lawsuit August 13 in Manhattan's US District Court claiming they were unfairly not a permit by New York City's Department of Parks and Recreation for 75,000 people to attend and August 28 rally.
This court cannot blind itself to the daunting security concerns facing this city during the Republican National Convention, US District Judge William Polly III, the Third Rule of Monday, no-canon-Jane Polly.
There are serious questions whether they great-long can safely accommodate the proposed rally at this point, the great-long.
Brian Becker, a national coordinator for the answer coalition blasted New York City officials.
The answer coalition, the NCAA, is not only disappointed with the ruling, Becker said, but we condemn the city for presenting to the court a completely false brief and making in court false representations which on the face contradict themselves.
That, by the way, the NCAA is not the sports day.
It's the National Council of Arab Americans for the sports nerds who listen to this pathetic radio station.
Morris from New York City has said that the rally could destroy the great-long which was stored in 1997 to cost over $18 million as a result of the Saudi's pay for it.
Right, they got the big bucks on them in the pocket.
And by the way, you know what we forget to say every day on this show?
What do we forget to say every day?
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low-cast prizes.
QA Miami for a water day.
I am Fraul Iliana, Russian pavement, and I like scrubbing my stomach really as with soap made from jewels and listening to the new Ro-Hate, I'm gonna use the hour.
Take Ian!
That's a good name.
I can't believe we had a dump back, can you?
Yeah, well, what are you gonna do?
Damn KJ, you potty mouth.
Of all the people to be, you drop in a bomb in there and A bomb, A-Hole bomb.
Brother, but nevertheless Bob's old prove that he is a whole over the weekend, opening up a big mouth, jumping on with a swift boat veteran and a whole, yeah, let me say it again.
You've got an A-Hole president, a five-time draft dodging vice president, and they're not gonna award hero, how do you like that, John Kerry?
Force for equality.
The NAACP was organized here.
He's a wimp though.
He was a warrior, but you know, somewhere along the line he lost it.
Maybe that's where, maybe they blew it on.
In fact, the last car, maybe he had a good point.
You know, the new Al Gore, the new Morrie and Vigorida Al Gore who won 40, you know, here from any horror, he ought to be running right now.
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America, screws a mud of Saddam Hussein's torture privilege.
Yes, he back when he was running in 2000, he had his balls all tied up in a knot.
And now that he's not running for anything, all of a sudden he's ballsy and there's swing and loose and he's screaming any element and telling it like it is.
So you got Howard Dean and Al Gore telling them like it is and John Kerry was like...
Just kind of like a wimp in the long, you know.
The rumor on the Fudge report is that he actually called the Swiftfold veteran one of them on Sunday night.
And how come you guys don't like me and are ripping me?
I mean, you talk about just getting sucked in big time badly.
I got several articles about that.
I might read it.
Now that we got some time today, you know what?
Lots of times.
I'm sure that our stern people are not big on these bedtime stories because most of them are really all concerned about what's happening in the world.
And besides getting laid, which most of them can't anyway, and never will.
You're going to just apologize in advance to doing this during the middle of lunch hour.
I hope you already ate.
Yeah, I had a chili dog from Howie's, thank you.
Great. Thanks Howie's.
Chili dog.
To the man you're going to be doing some serious business.
You better use bowl business now.
Or to a long time customers wed at Guessware.
Guess what? Retail establishment.
You're a very favorite.
Did you see this story?
No.
Right.
Boise Idaho somewhere between the junk food aisle and the automotive department Pat Bird and Bill Hughes fell in love.
To the only natural they should marry with a magic cap and at Walmart at the much hated despised and reviled Walmart.
Another hated American institution.
See, I'm besides exporting Jerry Springer and exporting McDonald's and Burger King and Pizza Hut.
Now we're exporting Walmart too, you know.
It never dawned on me to have it in place else the 55 year old bride said.
Now I have no idea who she is or anything about her, but don't sound a little trailer-trashing you.
Well, they work at Walmart, don't they?
Speaking of Jerry Springer.
Neither bride and the groom work at the discount store.
Still they spend more time there than many employees do, laundering the aisles and visiting friends.
Oh, you're going to die.
I have no life.
They spend more time than many employees do, laundering the aisles and visiting friends for up to six hours a day, nearly every day since the stir open two years ago.
I guess they tell you a lot about the social activities in Boise Idaho, huh?
They got pool tables in there.
Like the annual ride.
Not just the body.
I talk to people and walk around for exercise and we always buy a soda or sandwich or something.
51 year old Hughes said, if we're not here to stir people worry about us, there are family.
Both bad for it and Bill Hughes are disabled.
They met nine years seen.
I ought to be a little more sensitive.
Well, look at the bright side.
They could be calling talk shows all day.
That's true.
Well, they probably got their cell phone with them.
They met nine years ago and Bill was a patient at the North Idaho hospital and so his past sister.
He became a good friend of when my sister died.
We kept him in the family.
She said he doesn't drive and at any time he went to Walmart, I'd take him.
They celebrated their blooming love with a ceremony Friday in Walmart's garden center.
The store manager was a groom's minute and a fabric department employee was a matron of honor.
They garden center employee Chuck Fururia walked alongside Pat as he wrote her motorized shopping cart down the makeshift aisle.
Her oxygen tank in the basket.
A Tisca de Tasket.
Pat's tank is in the casket and the basket.
Well, they both sound real special.
Who gives this woman in marriage as Stacy Garza of the free will church?
Her friends and family at Walmart Fururia replied.
And that a heart-grinching stirrer?
Yeah.
They're punching right now.
They sped up the six hours of the day.
Who is he real?
I'll zed Walmart.
Well, they got a little problem.
I have no life.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And we got some bad schedule news here today.
No mad dog.
That's always bad.
Where's he's never on anyway.
Was he on yesterday?
Yes, yes he was.
Well, there you go.
No mad dog today.
Well, the fact that I'm here, we don't want to overdo it.
You know, we don't want to give you too much of the 18 until after Labor Day.
So we got Kim Bocafer in there today.
He's going to bring that gigantic cow from the front of the university dodge.
And then the Humper of course is still.
Well, he's out vacation this week.
So he's anything with suspended vacation.
Will you pick it?
So we got something much worse than you could ever imagine.
Characters attacking.
Oh, between 4 and 6 30.
Mo will be back tomorrow for Hank on the suspended Hank Goldberg on vacation show.
But today it's Joseph Ganky, Marlon on Dec. 730, the Giants in town to play
the Marlon's at the PV Park 705 and Eddie Kay, who just refuses to go away after the baseball game.
What's the biggest problem with America is our pool question.
491 vote.
We're going to do 500 pretty soon there.
You know what?
All righty.
It's going on here.
It goes to show you if we actually have a show some days we get a lot of votes on the pool.
And then other days when we get on whatever they feel like it, which is good with us.
We're not complaining.
You understand?
We're ecstatic.
Plus to make sure that their sons and daughters in uniform who risk their lives halfway around the world.
They're actually going to come home to a country where they have a chance to live out their dreams and to find a good job.
Well, he borrows me.
The biggest problem with America, the masses are morons, 193.
Boy, you people who got your thumb right on it today.
And a close second, a president who's in the Brazil 158, 32%.
Too many religious notes, 45.
Too many guns only 20.
They love their guns, man.
Don't f with their guns.
Lawyers 17, the media sucks 17.
That should be a lot higher than that.
The media is because the media is largely responsible for that first one.
Crapie education system and the media have combined to make a bunch of...
We've lost touch with God 12.
Healthcare 9, too many fat people 9, bad work ethic 8, lack of respect for each other 5, and there are no problems that won the goofball.
Probably, um, Greg Reed.
There are no problems except the ones that Greg creates, which believe you me, he's working overtime to make up a whole bunch more.
And I think he may have already accomplished that, don't you?
I'm sorry, I was reading this really funny picture I'm about to send you.
You're reading the picture?
Yeah.
56705-5050, we haven't taken a lie 9 and had somebody on there yet.
QAM, hello.
Too many wall marks.
I see, yeah.
That was good.
WQAM, hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
Do you know what the hell is wrong with America and us?
America's answer.
What the hell is wrong with America anyway?
Where the two guns politically collect?
I beg your pardon?
Where two guns politically correct.
Where two PC and you know, you know about everybody else's feelings.
It's all right.
Kerry needs to get tough on Bush writes Bill Gallagher.
I told him I'm going to read some of these articles today if it's the last damn thing I do and it might be.
Until Thursday anyway.
Then next week we go back to our regular schedule.
Damn it.
Gosh dang it.
We're on every day.
Of course George will be filling on vacations and the good news for me is that first week in October, I think like around the fifth something like that.
Is it got another vacation coming?
Don't you know I haven't marked on a wall or?
Damn you.
I don't think so.
I don't know if we got that far ahead.
I see.
Well, I got my book with me and I'll have it like all the way through next year.
Not that I'm planning vacations far ahead.
You would write anything like that.
It looked a little bit very reluctantly.
Kerry needs to get tough on Bush writes Bill Gallagher who writes in the eonagro falls whatever that paper is.
Presidential challenger John Kerry must spice up his message and he'd the example of his saucy wife Teresa.
He said.
He was right on the money when she said some Bush supporters heckling her at a rally that they want four more years of hell.
The nonpartisan congressional budget office not confirms the obvious truth that President Bush's tax policies are aimed at helping the richest Americans and stripping the burden for paying for the cost of the government to the working middle class.
Princeton economist in New York Times comments Paul Kruppmann's long been on Bush's radical plan to restructure the funding of government and who benefits and who doesn't as a result.
It's simple as Kruppmann points out Bush's tax cuts favor the richest Americans and especially favored on earned income over earned income leading in an inexorably elitist direction.
It's a planned worship that the petroleum club in Houston and country clubs across America and Kruppmann knows the ultimate payoff.
Mr. Bush hasn't yet gotten all he wants but he's taken large step toward a system in which only labor income is taxed Kruppmann writes.
The CBO report shows a third of Bush's tax cuts have got the wealthiest one percent of Americans and two thirds of the benefits of the cuts went to households in the top 20 percent with an average income of over 203 grand.
And it goes on about he ought to say this but in the meantime he's you know kind of wimping along.
I read this one.
Huh?
I read that story.
Good to see you.
Yeah.
On the left side you mean?
Yes I did.
Well I put a lot of those great the apologize to poor Josh there was wondering how come these stories get on there so late some nights while it's way it goes.
When you're out there lose your voice of wood buying huh?
He's up late.
He's the young guy.
Is he really?
I don't know the other one.
We don't want to hear too much about that because then somebody in the building get all excited probably come in there and start sports.
Yeah that's the one.
The problem is past noon at five sixty WQA and let me tell you right now for a limited time only you can save more than ever before on top selling mattresses from dial
mattress call one eight hundred mattress today for extra discounts above and beyond their everyday load direct factory discount prices plus now you'll get an extra ten percent off on service
perfectly per magnolia combined these savings with the dial mattress award winning service the rank number one and overall customer satisfaction is one of the two thousand four
better business bureau local torts of excellence award and they're on time delivery policy that still lets you pick the two are
window when you want that mattress delivered and you can be a satisfied customer like I've been for years have a college student needed
betting pick up the phone right now and call one eight hundred mattress you can get same day delivered to all major colleges and
universities from Miami to Maine from Candlestore Palm Beach to Ford Myers dial a mattress can deliver the finest bedding go in anywhere as an
unbeatable price all the smart folks are doing it they're called one eight hundred mattress you ought to be doing the same
to give it to yourself a great night sleep for a coupons aides to come log on with a website at mechris.com or make that one easy phone call to sit
there right on your fat ass retort one pick up that phone and call one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred MATT R E S
you are listening to Neil Rogers it's gloosantly on five six eight four all five
five five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight five six eight eight five six eight eight five six eight eight five six eight eight five six eight eight five six eight eight five six eight eight five six eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight
I'm tired on the air. The race of terror level high and I'm afraid I'm going to die. I'm worried. First, not happy. This day I'll get a
Chances. And I thank God just piece my hands. I'm worried about
happening. differ.
Not happy.
Only have the doors and closes the
I'm not happy.
If they change it from orange to red, I'll go and hide under my bed.
I'm worried.
Oh, my, my, my, my.
I'm not happy.
Look at me.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
Probably T-560 W-QM Kimba-Bull Camper for the Mad Dog at 2.
And Joseph Gackie and we apologize to the advance for the vacationing and suspended high goldberg at 4.
Vacationing and suspended.
Yeah.
Not necessarily in that order, by the way.
Officials say hundreds of John Kerry Yard signs have been stolen and floored region-own as Bush country.
Pensacola.
Hundreds of Yard signs supporting Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry have been stolen and vandalized in this heavily Republican region-own as Bush country, prompting some Kerry supporters to hang signs from trees to detour burgers.
Maybe they ought to hang some and then bush supporters from trees.
They used to be real big up there in that neck of the woods, you know what I mean?
Yeah, then they can't be hurt and trees.
About 350 signs have been stolen according to Panhandle for Kerry organizers, which met with Pensacola police yesterday.
The group has distributed nearly 3,400 signs.
Police said they would increase patrols in Panhandle for Kerry members planned to conduct neighborhood watches, said the group's chairman Jerry Holt.
We have the availability of the funds and the will to replace every sign when we find out it's missing.
He said Pensacola resident and Bennett lost 4 Kerry signs from her front yard before putting out a homemade sign that read,
nice people don't steal or vandalize.
She hung her latest sign from a pine limb 15 feet in the air.
Northwest Florida is a Bible-built region filled with military bases veterans and right-wing Republican far-bison voters.
In 2000 Bush beat Al Gore by better than 2-1 margin.
But it's just here they think gold would be better this time.
How do we know?
Yeah, I think it's been better.
Oh, I speak to know of our website. That was a fabulous picture which I got in front of me right now.
Is that going to be on there momentarily?
What was that?
The Hitler and Bush picture.
Oh, I already sent it to Eric so it will be on as the book of Brian video which I haven't watched yet.
But what's that all about?
It's his very first video bit.
Right.
It's spectacular if you ask me.
Well, I got to see that during, well, I don't know if I'm going to have time during the break. How long is it run?
Two minutes at the most.
Oh, like I said, as soon as the show's over I'll take a puke at it.
But also not only will you be able to see that.
Plus, of course, the ass and thighs and the humping and the amine Olympic stuff.
The gay Olympic stuff.
But also now we got this picture to be up on there momentarily which is got a big banner that shows on the left hand.
Hitler with the big swastika on his chest and Bush with the American flag on his.
And it says on the bottom same Schmidt different.
And that's beautiful.
And isn't it interesting?
Who was the very first one that was called?
He's a bunch of crazy Nazis years ago.
And people said, oh boy, that Nioh is Ray over the top boys gone too far.
And now it's very commonplace.
In fact, you know what was who called the Nioh cons the Gestapo?
I give up.
Colin Powell.
How about that?
And his interview with Bob Woodward in the Woodward book.
He refers to the Nioh cons, Wolfowitz and Pearl and Cheney and Rumsfeld.
As the Gestapo.
And in the context of it literally he means it.
But then again as far as Colin Powell's concern since he was so vehemently against all the phony evidence and the WMVs, no phony maps.
If he had any balls, if he was really an upstanding guy, it said it just being a suck-a-long, he'd have resigned.
He'd have submitted his resignation, am I right?
Right.
But obviously he has no conscience.
He just, just another yes man.
Or maybe they just made an offering couldn't refuse.
I'd like to think that would.
Yeah.
560, 560, pound 560 on the, in fact maybe they brought his brother in from the old country from Africa.
What's the biggest problem with America?
The message are morons 213.
We got 500 of some votes on here.
547.
The message are morons over 200.
The president was in the cell 172.
Too many religious nuts.
Gosh dang it.
49.
I noticed that Stern does the GD thing just incessantly, constantly.
And he got to the other day because I actually was in here doing some work and listening for five minutes.
Looking at it.
Got you.
Stuffed.
Stuffed.
The button theory.
Because he said the word we were quick and then he said it again like about three seconds later.
To make sure it got on the year.
Too many religious nuts 49.
Damn it.
Lawyers 21.
The media sucks 21.
Too many guns.
Still only 20.
You love them guns man.
I can only imagine what they're doing with them.
We've lost touch with God 13.
Too many fat people 11.
Healthcare 10.
You see any connection there?
No.
Lack of respect for each other 9.
Bad work ethic 8.
And there are no problems only 1.
Great Perry was the one who voted there are no problems.
I say.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
Yeah.
I got a question for George.
Yeah.
The director of the irreversible.
What's another movie that he did?
I know they made it.
I don't know.
I forgot.
I don't have it on me.
He don't know.
Call him tomorrow.
He'll tell you.
Look it up. Do some research.
Callers kept telling me.
I forgot it.
Irreversible?
Yeah. Scruzen.
You wouldn't like it.
Oh God.
It's not like that one with the toilet bowl one.
No worse.
No.
Great.
Right up your alley.
W.A.M. line 9.
Hello.
Not enough guns.
Hey.
Hey.
Yeah.
And your case in point.
Baby believe me.
Good point.
W.A.M. Hello.
Oh God.
You were just so upset.
Yeah.
Okay.
Good.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yes.
How are you?
Great.
How are you?
Go ahead.
Speak to us.
Oh, we're on here, right?
Sounds like you.
All right.
Sounds good to me.
How you doing today?
I'm doing good.
Just one minute to ask you a question.
Okay.
One real issue there.
Yeah.
What's that?
Okay.
Because I know I get a wonderful job and listen to you for years.
Great.
It's Bush's re-elected.
And I think that businesses will profit and the small businesses
such as mine will lose money.
Let's talk about a bill issue once in a while.
All right.
Let the people know this way.
You have a big influence down here.
You could influence people to vote the right way.
Because most of these people just don't know.
Well, let me ask you.
Am I trying every day?
Am I not putting all these stories on here?
And I put them on a web.
I'm trying, baby.
Yes.
Okay.
So, I'm not saying.
Yes.
The people down here, especially in South Florida,
they got the son of their bus and they do work.
And...
Correct them.
I try so many times to get people to work.
But they just don't want to work and it's amazing.
And that's what the biggest problem is.
It's actually cheaper to get somebody from China delivered to America
than it is for us to make it ourselves.
Well, I can ask him about business.
How much of the bad work ethic thing on our pool today?
Bad work ethic.
What's the reason for that?
What was it number one?
Well, that's number one.
That's the big deal.
I'll go for it.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Get out of your phone and start to like self-destruct.
Was that the gym from Fish and Impossible?
Oh, that's him.
26 past noon.
Thought you about another gym.
Who ran these?
What ran you doing, by the way?
What?
Huh?
How's he doing?
The goddess.
Don't know.
Anybody listen to that show?
How is your buddy Al Franken?
Is he still as exciting as ever?
Oh, my God.
He is just a dynamo on.
Man wheels that Al Franken.
Man, he is something else.
By the way, David Ross,
I hate to break the news to you, man, you D.O.A.
 or
Irish Joe Ewan,
Ron history. Even Mary Schellenberg says it's history when it comes to Paul and Ron on whatever
which one they on now, big, small, whatever, yeah one of those. More importantly though, yes,
that picture is up on the site there. Alright, let's hear it. Take a look at that and of course it'll
probably ruffle the feathers as someone in butcher or liquors too bad. Can't handle the truth.
When you shop for quality foodware, great selection, professional services, only one place to go,
and of course we're talking about a store that I've been telling you about for years now,
Brandy's shoes in Pompeo Beach Man. Brandy's shoes will find the biggest selection of men's and
women's shoes, the best service, the best prices in town, which is important to just about everybody,
and all the top quality names, not any off brands that you wouldn't put on somebody else's foot.
They carry the best like rock ports, floor shine, SAS, spirit, naturalizer, Timberland,
and all the other top names in the shoe business. And because they've got some of these ziggins,
shoes and stock, you can just about think Greg's life on it that your style is in your size,
honest shelf sitting there right now waiting to slap on your feet. Brandy's is open Monday through
Saturday from 9 to 9 Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, and Sunday, and you'll find them at 1290,
North Federal Highway that's in Pompeo Beach and no matter where you live, it's worth a trip,
because they've got unbeatable deals waiting for you. For example, right now,
it's a great time to buy spirit this week at Brandy's. Men's and women's top side are AO's,
are only 4790, and the rest of the line is 20% off. Let me say it again, 20% off. So come in
for even better than usual savings or visit them on the website, brandyshoes.com.
I want to go down to my Yamab Beach where the weather is nice and sunny. I walk into a liquor store,
but God, they're toxic, funnily. I ask them for a pint of fortune, beamies, just not to end up.
What does that mean? The butter's good English, I got an animal. That's a cornered deli.
Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's peak English melee.
All you can go back to your alright.
I can hear many years ago learn my ABC. I don't say much is gross here.
I said pretty pretty much. So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making this thing. We don't bother to speak English anymore.
So, 232. 281.560. WQ. We need some movie reviews on Exorcist of Prequel.
Yes. So, you decide what they're going to go spend your hard-earned money to go see it or not?
Probably not. No. No, wait for it to come on cable.
So, people are telling you're really blows so far.
I'll tell you one thing, if it's as good as Exorcist 2 and 3, man, forget about it.
Porn stars could be forced to use protection.
A California citizen assemblyman who looks like a real pervert to me.
In fact, looks a lot like me.
A California citizen assemblyman is asked to be able to entertain and industry to adopt safe-sex measures
or face the possibility of a law that would compel performance to use condoms.
Oh my god.
A citizen Paul Corretz chairman of the Labor and Employment Committee said
adult film stars should receive workplace health and safety protections like other Californians.
I strongly encourage and fully expect the adult entertainment industry to require the use of
condoms and perverts a Democrat from West Hollywood and Lettermail to 185 foreign producers and
publishers last Monday. Fagured to do so is irresponsible and invites the legislature to
exercise its authority to mandate more stringent actions.
Corretz has come and follow a recent HIV scare the prompted producers to stop filming for a few weeks.
Two actors tested positive for HIV.
I don't think it's the place of the authorities to decide whether the actors are to use condoms
Lexington steel president of mercenary pictures who like many other producers
opposes mandating condom use.
Hey listen, they're funeral right?
Exactly. What should we get?
Why should the government stick their nose in it so to speak?
Bob Herbert writes a chill in Florida.
What is a good calm?
You can't tell me that we're going to do this again.
Are we going to do it again?
Sure.
Oh please cracker please.
He says the state police investigation in to get out to vote activities by blacks in Orlando
fits perfectly with the political aims of fat ass governor Jeb Bush and the Republican Party.
The Republicans were stung in the 2000 presidential election when Al Gore became the first
Democrats since 1948 to carry Orange County of which Orlando is the hub.
He could not have carried the county without the strong support of black voters,
many of whom cast absentee ballots.
The GOP was stung again in 2003 when buddy Dyer, a Democrat, was elected mayor of Orlando.
He won a special election to succeed Glendo Hood, a three-term Republican who was appointed
Florida Secretary of State by Governor George Bush.
Do you get that?
Dyer was reelected last March as with Mr. Gore the black vote was an important factor.
These two election reverses of upset Republicans in Orange County and stay wide.
Moreover the anxiety over Democratic gains in Orange County having twined with the very
real fear among party scholars that Florida might go for John Kerry in this year's presidential
election.
All right.
It is in this context that two of the ugliest developments of the current campaign season should
be viewed.
A Democrat can't win a statewide election in Florida without a high voter turnout both at
the polls and with absentee ballots of African Americans, so the man who is closely Republican
establishment in Florida, but of course asked not to be identified.
It's no secret that the name of the game for Republicans is to restrain that turnout
as much as possible.
Black votes are Democratic votes and there are a lot of them in Florida.
The two ugly developments both focused on race were the heavy-handed investigation by Florida
state troopers of blacked out the vote efforts in Orlando and the states blatant attempt
to purge black voter rolls through the use of a flawed list of supposed felons that contain
the names of thousands of African Americans and conveniently very few Hispanics.
Florida's one of only a handful of states that var convicted felons from voting unless they
successfully petitioned out their voting rights restored.
The state's felon purge list had to be abandoned by Glendo Hood, Secretary of State,
and he has former mayor of Orlando after became known that the flawed list would target blacks,
but not his families who are more likely to vote Republican in Florida.
The list also contained the names of thousands of people, most of them black,
who should not have been unlisted all.
Miz Hood, hand picked by Governor, the fat ass governor,
bushed as succeeding notorious Catherine Harris as Secretary of State.
By the way, do you hear about Catherine Harris's plane?
Huh?
It's not happening.
Miz Hood, hand picked by Governor Bush to succeed the notorious Catherine Harris as Secretary of State,
was forced to admit that the felons list was a mess.
She said the problems were unintentional, but clearly was intentional was the desire of
Miz Hood and Governor fat ass bushed to keep the list secret. It was disclosed only as a result
of law suits filed under Florida's admirable sunshine law. Meanwhile, the sending of state
troopers into the homes of elderly black voters in Orlando were said by officials to be a response
to allegations of voter fraud in last March's mayoral election.
But the investigation went forward, despite findings in the spring that appeared to show
the allegations were unfounded. Why go forward anyway? Well, consider that the prolonged
investigation dovetails exquisitely with a crucial but unspoken mission of the GOP in Florida
to keep black voter turnout turnout as low as possible.
The interrogation of elderly black men and women in their homes has already frightened many
voters and intimidated elderly get out the vote volunteers.
The use of state troopers to zero in on voter turnout efforts is highly unusual if not
unprecedented in Florida, but the head of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement Guy
T'Nel, who was also had picked by fat ass governor Bush, has been unfazed by the mounting criticism
of this use of state police. His spokesman have said a person of interest in investigation is
Ezzy Thomas, a 73-year-old black man who just happens to have done very well in turning out the
African-American vote. He's a person of interest, I say. From the GOP perspective, it doesn't
mean that no matter whether anyone is arrested in the Orlando investigation or even if a crime
was committed to the ID in Orange County and elsewhere is to send a chill to the democratic process,
suppressing opposing votes by whatever means are available. Little dirty trick there,
just like all this business about Vietnam and about Swiftboat veterans this and all this other
bull crap desperate, change the subject and unfortunately, of course, pretty much,
her carries went out. When you agree, there's no doubt. Where's the beef? Where's that
hooch, the man? That's right, that's what we need. Justly, more than ever before, we need howard
dean now. Is it too late to change? Let's have that convention all over again one more time for the
gipper, for the gipper. Damn it. Democratic Party, at least they're consistent man, they have a
death wish. 21 till 1 at 5, 60 WQA and over the years I've told you about Chuck Alphier in his
patent and hair system. Charles Alphier is the best in the world for over 35 years he's been
providing amazing natural look and hair systems that are virtually 100%
undetectable and introducing the latest development and hair restoration. Right now it's called
the New Laser Life Therapy Treatment. It's used for treating fine and thinning here. There's new
treatment that is FDA certified. Restores hair and scalp, act with healthier state while increasing
hair shaft density and volume and who wouldn't like to have their shaft density increased and volume.
The New Laser Life Therapy and its cool laser life devices effective on both men and women and it's
a painless non-invasive treatment that's completed about half an hour. Charles and his staff have
witnessed dramatic results with this new system that impedes hair fallout for those of you with
fine and thinning here. So stop thinking that it's going to be a miracle that's going to make
your thinning hair stop falling into the sink shower on the floor and give Charles a call to learn
more information about the New Laser Life Therapy Treatment. There's no obligation because this really
can't stop your thinning hair problems. You ought to make the call to truly change your life.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or get more information on Charlie's World
so I'm really out of luck as more than high a deflice was judging me so you very much
the FCC for proving that free speech just isn't free. Clear channels, a dear channel so how it's
to must go. A truly general astronaut doesn't like strong words and so he's charging twice as much
as all the drugs for rightfully low. So far you want so very much. So far you very much
be a Mr. Bush. All here rowing curly sitting on your tush. For Halliburton and one all the
companies. Let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail. She's an uppity
and a choice she isn't. So far you want so very much. So you take
Charlie too. You and everything you do. Your pace maker must be a fake. You haven't got a lot.
As far design concerned you're just a face if I still fall. And as for condolences she's an intellectual
like you'll talk. So for you also very much. So you very much be a
for giving all the laskers oil away. It really is a plumber when I can't fill my
home up the ozone and no go zone now that Arnold's here to say. The nuclear
inter games are going to take place in LA. So you also very much. So what the planet fails.
Let's save the great white males. You also very much. For 45 and 560 W.
Come did we ever do best funniest comedian group solo. I think we did. Midway. But since we don't
remember we could do it again. Yeah let's do it again. My forget you know no matter what it is.
I forget. Did we ever do what's the biggest problem with America. I don't know let's do that.
Let's do that one. Chris says since Mo has been filling in for the Alien Hell and Goldberg.
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
Are you alien Hank Goldberg? Sure what a story is good as another. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hensh-Stick. Okay.
Now he's on vacation. Now he's suspended while he's just in here in around. Since most
been filling in for the **** Hank Goldberg I've had a senseless newm says Chris the similarities
to Jory Reynolds are frightening. Wow that's the ultimate shot isn't it. I can't think of a worse one.
Mo laughs at all of his own juvenile jokes. Mo was moved from the morning after news has was Jory.
However the greatest similarity for myself is the afternoon slumber that both men provide. Well no extra
charge. And here's the what is this? Is this from you? Huh I don't know what you're talking about.
No I thought this writing looked familiar. It must be from some spy inside the building.
Certainly not from anybody we know. Rumor has it that the powers the p and b and qa m have ordered
another delay machine for Dumple Inzy. Who's got his hand on it and has shaken it consistently
all morning long. That's what I'm hearing. He keeps pressing it and pushing it and yanking it.
And the dumb part in two. Wow. So we have a yet another delay. Well how many how many delay
buttons we got now? 3rd man. Rather not that they're nervous or anything like that you understand.
Even a piece of slices with cheese don't have as many holes in it as we've drilled in the Howard Sterns
show or our butchered version of it here on this radio station which makes you wonder what were
they thinking about number one or number two more likely were they thinking? No probably not.
WQAM hello. Any Mark as in one from why you were separated at birth? WQAM hello.
Hey how's it going? Okay. Hey can needle play. There's no fag in the church. He had a bit on it.
Hey deal. Can you play? There's no fag in the church. You have to have a bit on it. There's no
there's no fag in the church. There's no such bit. Oh I thought you had it on card. All right thanks man.
There's no fact in the church. Oh god. Woo. Is he talking about the the call? We don't have that
there we. Oh that's Reverend Joens boyfriend is something we're trying to give us to play that
crap again get with it. Get lost. Okay go find a new buddy. I have no right. Go find a new
playmate. 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. You know how it goes as soon as
you get rid of one there's like 16 new ones come uh uh festively and festering. WQAM hello.
Hello. Yes. Oh I need all day cards you're back. Yeah that's it. Oh that's a Georgia
River. Yeah. Florida. WQAM hello. It's just now. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Georgia is sucks. Okay thanks. Didn't know that WQAM hello. Yeah Neil how are you? Okay.
Good. I want to vote on the poll. We'll go online and do it. Have a good time. 567 05 60. Well he
probably don't have a computer. That was very rude of me wasn't it? I'm sorry. Don't I apologize?
No no. See we don't take votes on the phone on the poll. That would be about as terminal. I mean
it's just unbelievably bad. The poll is on our website nearroges.com. If you don't have access
to a computer go into one of those computers there isn't steel one okay or borrow somebody
else's or steal somebody else's even better at the office. But we don't we don't take votes on
a year kind of stupid if you ask me and not only that but what kind of a show is it about a poll right?
Yeah. Terrible. WQAM hello. Hey Neil how's it going? Pretty good. Hey I don't know if anybody told you
yet but between around 9.45 this morning and 10.5 on the Howard Stern show. Yeah. They let
through about 30 to 40 quart sounds on QAM. Oh my god. Let's see 30 times 250,000 is how much?
It's seven and a half million bucks. Yeah man. I mean what kind of double standard crap is that?
Yeah I guess that there goes your just pay raise. Okay thanks for the bad news.
Seven and a half million bucks for Farts. Well I still say there ain't nothing like a great
a great fart in a steamy hot shower man. Really? Oh god. In a steamy hot shower and of course
there ain't nobody within about 10 miles and you're just in there just enjoying and savoring.
Oh I guess we can't say these things can we? Because they had to do with not not so much the
activities or activity itself with the enjoyment of it which is supposed to be nasty and
vulgar and grotesque and you certainly can enjoy that you know like sex. Right. How's that poll
coming speaking to sex? What's the biggest problem with America? I got another one for you too.
Sexually repressed. Oh yeah. Why don't we put that on there? We're slow. Huh? Because we're
slow. We're a little bit slow. Well it's still we got ways to go and we got all the way to
tomorrow with this poll. Specially repressed. Get that on there right away if not sooner Josh.
Oh it's on there. Oh it is. The masses are more unscored and fitting. A person who's an
investor $199 too many religious notes 65 lawyers 23 the media sucks 21 too many guns 21.
Like a respect for each other 18 health care 17 we've lost touch with God 15. Oh god.
Too many fat people 13 bad work ethic 9 and there are no problems one that was from Gary Sarner.
One minute from Gary Sarner your close personal friend. But that's right I don't know why I messed
up. You're a thing that you've got going on now with Gary Sarner. I have a thing. You got it
freebie. Oh yeah well you're going to be like a walking flashlight man you're going to be like
a beacon in the dark. You know what it. Comedy Q and hello. Also now I know what that guy said
before I said George Glow's I thought he said something on in the dark. Comedy Q and hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. Number one I thought you'd be human about this from the beginning of the show
but. And what is that? Bush passed into law yesterday something that affects over 6 million
blue collar workers. He passed it all by himself. Well no no the government passed it into law
but it was Bush's push. Yeah no more overtime. Right. For over 6 million people you know what that's
going to do to a lot of us. Yeah. Yeah it's going to screw a few of it. But one for the poll.
Not enough tinfoil to wrap the heads of the moron to this country. Okay and have a great day
and let me know when you get to this queen and okay I need some 5607.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line. Well I'm human because I'm not getting any overtime either anymore.
That's right for all those extra hours you're putting there. Pretty upset about it.
WDQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. I wanted to try to do that guy stole my thunder about how are using this kind
of stuff that you're not allowed to. What kind of go. Exactly. Wait wait wait let's slow down okay.
All right. See I'm not I'm not one of those people who needs to jump into the sandbox and I already said
before he did the first show on this station that no matter what he does that's him that's his show
that's whatever he wants to do. I don't need to play fart sounds. I did for years and years and
years it's fine I think it's also juvenile that we can't play it anymore but I don't need to do
that to do a radio show okay. Yeah but I think I think it's a little I better hear Phil Lassman back
poor guy's working construction now he's out of radio. Is he really? Yeah it's all my TV with a
dark complex that's about doing a construction hat. So Lassman. Wow. That is incredible. That's
that's a good pull question. What was more embarrassing? Phil Lassman at the construction site
or Grebe Utility Country Kitchen in Hollywood where my used the Phil's working construction.
Phil Lassman. That's what the guy said. Well don't you understand the Fox sports dumped out so
you're not following it's the sports grab. He's been on NPR for like a year or more. Who Phil Lassman?
That's the one. Yeah. Doing what? The morning announcing I listen to him every morning.
The Phil Lassman Morning Zoo. It's great. What are you talking about? Phil Lassman is the
morning announcer on National Public Radio in this here market. Our Phil Lassman. Wow that is
unbelievable and this guy says he's working construction. Maybe he was erecting something I don't know.
Maybe he's confused. Maybe he was Greg Vudeau. By the way, he still hates your Greg just in case
you wonder I know you're listening Greg. They hate you like poison. I'm not going to say they don't
wish you any bad luck though because believe me they do. Is if you can get any more WQA and hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. There is. On the five district. No. WQA and hello.
Hey sir. Yes sir. What's the clearly?
Oh what? A clearly. Look at the mirror. WQA and hello. Neil I'd like to say gay people.
Oh great. We'll be right over. WQA and hello.
You can write it by Wistner Burn.
Somebody QA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Speaking. Hey is SLUT or you allowed to say that?
Yes. Oh okay. That's one of the seven words that we can say. Slut.
Okay because Mo Howard David Lassman they called a female caller that. Yeah we're allowed to say that.
All right. What's going on with George? Do you leave him the show?
No. Well when a lot where does that come from George isn't leaving the show at all.
Well what where is that come from? Because he was talking about not answering his email from QAM
starting next week or the week after. I haven't been for like two months now because it's
all full of spam and viruses. Oh okay I got nervous buddy I've been on vacation I didn't know what's going on.
Well I mean when you deal with if you've been away and you deal with this station I can
understand you being nervous because we haven't got any idea. I got a schedule here that's
like in pencil and half of that. Not serious. We haven't got any idea what's going on here.
Try your right phone. I don't even know what's going on with Hank anymore.
Right now I have a good day. See who did he say?
The Humper? That was funny. 12.56. I'm going to tell you they better not mess with my buddy
fat Hank. I'm going to be really parked off. Okay they better get that all straightened out and stop.
I mean this business of putting me you remember that poll we took not too many days ago and I'm
sure you did. Who would they rather hear in the afternoon and Mo and Geldie were duking it out for
dead last place. Hank the edge of Rick and Suds number one by a million miles over anybody else
and Mo and Geldie were really battling Nick and Nick knows to know who's in a Geldie's case that's
quite a battle for dead last. I mean way way on the S-N and they're going to put that loser on
there and open up with his ponderous interviews with all his horse ball buddies in the sports casting
of business including Dennis. Excuse me for being a right wing lunatic Miller. Oh my god.
Now that's really embarrassing. I didn't get it skew and we don't mind. If you have a business
area in charge of ordering ink chest thermocarbons paper and supplies pick up that instrument right now
and call 800-287-9212 that's the number for a laser recharge the toner and recharge cartridge
specialists. They provide service support and maintenance for most makes and models of machines
to make a run just like brand new again. When you call 1-800-287-9212 you'll save money on audio
printing off his equipment supplies for those of you who haven't called what could you possibly
be waiting for. When you call 800-287-9212 you'll be dealing with just Bob who's been
supplied businesses in South Florida for what they need most cases within 24 hours for a cone's age.
Alayzer recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing and
all the cartridges sold by Alayzer recharge are remanufactured not refilled. Any schlep
can sell your cheap refill cartridge but you only get what you pay for. Remanufactured cartridges
are the only way to go. Write this number down on your wrist 1-800-287-9212 and call them as
soon as you can to save a lot of money. Alayzer recharge is part of the individualized service
off you way no questions at satisfaction guarantee if it's toner cartridges all of these things you
need to pick up that phone with that one easy call you'll have your goods in no terminal call
just Bob at Alayzer recharge toll free 1-800-287-9212 that's 1-800-987-9212 around the web it's
alayzer recharge.com
The way of life is far better
For it's hard with praise and anger
In our school
Edges now
Everybody hates everybody all the time
Right inside tolerance and fear
It's where it's a fresh hour to go
And they don't want to hear
You'll find their attitude twice
Sour when the machete like red looks like you
To the bone
Then the grin-lock of rush hour
I go and do somewing calls you
Matters, bones
It's crazy like
Everybody hates everybody all the time
So how does that give you
Stopping the free is walking
From top of all old people
That whole business is about what
How are they doing this
You can't get away with that
It's so juvenile man
Let me see if people need a little shovel
In a sand box in a pale
Yeah very very sand
But if you add it all up
We're actually a little bit more flexible
I think somehow we're surviving
In fact, long before we had
During the station all those edicts came down from Edict
And Joyce
And I think we're surviving
I mean there's a lot of stuff we'd like to be playing
And especially the bit
And I know a fact we had a dump that bob dole thing
That was embarrassing just because
KJ said
Cold you know
Hey
Well it's a Canadian thing hey
I understand
They're not the only ones though
Look for the QM fan today
5-7 of the publics at 99-51 Miramar Parkway
Stop by to spend the veal for prizes
We're just going to do a prayer dolphin
And tighten tickets
So they present at the beer display
5-7 of the 7-0
And one thing I definitely not going to forget to do is play again today
If Malaska is found to have a large private
She will be disqualified
From the competition
And stripped of her metal
If the ball is just found to be only a hernia
The Romanian Palahouse legend will only grow
In the sports women
Wait for a sec
Wait for a sec
That's what the priests do
For arguments say
Let's just say it's a hernia
That's what you think
Then she's extremely tough though
Because I can't imagine how painful it would be
To lift that kind of weight
With 5 or 6 inches of intestines
Bolling through your abdominal wall
Wait lifting officials
And Olympic officials will meet
With Malaska
This afternoon to examine the ball
Oh, as I lucky to get that
I just happened to be sitting here over the weekend
And I'm being here and talking on that crap
And I said I'm going to get this tape rolling
You know when I had the tape rolling was this morning
When we had that dog in ponies show
With Todd Reckens for a while
That's when I should have had Michael's several
Well, I'd love to play that display of psychosis on the ear, wouldn't you?
That had been something
That was special
Carrie made a Bush League Air Honor Rack by Robert Scheer
This was on our website today
And it's well worth reading
Because most of you aren't going to read our website stories
Or have anybody read it to you
Because YouTube is looking at the pictures
All you really should take a look at the
Volkabrion video
Which I'll check out right after the show
And also the picture of Bush and Hitler
You can do it during a break
I can and the video too, yeah
I see
Carrie made a Bush League Air Honor Rack
Refusal to weekend war
For president of president
And his hands rights to the great Robert Scheer who rights in the LA Times
It was a sucker punch and John Kerry fell forward like a rookie
I'm talking about president Bush's latest cheat game
But turning his own unjustifiable and costly invasion of a racket
Was a ponies problem
Bush mock Carrie's a rack position for its new ones
A word that manages to sound both French and less than fully masculine
At Bush's prompting reporters asked Carrie if he knowing what we all know now about
A rack's lack of weapons of mass destruction
Was still a voted as he did in October 2002
To authorize the president to use force against a rack
Instead of smacking that hanging curveball out of the par
By denouncing the Bush administration for deceiving Congress
And the nation into a war
Carrie inexplicably said yes
Yes
Yes
Of course, Carrie went on to make an important
Critique of Bush's conduct for the war
But he got slammed by the Bush team as well as the media
For losing in the Gaxa derby
The irony is almost too much to bear
After all for two years Bush's flip-flop
For relentlessly
I'm just exactly why it wasn't an idea to occupy a troubled Muslim country that posed no military threat to the U.S.
Now Bush is getting political mileage out of exporting Carrie's stubborn refusal
To admit that he was had by all the president's con men
The fact is Carrie has been consistently saying the same thing for two years
Based on the administration's claim that Sodom was saying was linked to Al-Qaeda and possessed WMD
The president needed the stick of the use of force authorization to compel a rack to comply with UN resolutions
That explains the yes vote
But unfortunately then and now it is the wrong answer to the wrong question
Carrie should have known by the fall of 2002 that Bush was held ben on invading Iraq
And that to do so would severely undermine the war on terror
Everything eminating from the White House at that point made it clear that the president was highly unlikely to be satisfied by simply securing a new UN inspections regime
At a minimum Congress had a responsibility to hold hearings to examine intelligence on Iraq
Which even then was causing enormous tension between intelligence and listen, spinners in the White House and the Pentagon
After all the constitutions as clear as the framers could be on the permissive Congress and declaring war
Carrie and the rest of the Congress should have considered the facts even after White House refused to do so
This was doubly true after the UN inspectors were allowed back into the country and gave unprecedented access
And here is where Carrie and Bush's positions on Iraq diverge
I thought we ought to reach out to other countries
We ought to build an international coalition
We ought to exhaust the remedies available to us Carrie put it out last week
Bush uses the word nuance, but the difference is huge because the most bizarre aspect of Bush's march toward occupation
Was his argument that we couldn't wait a few weeks for you and inspectors to finish their search for those non-existent doomed-day weapons
Didn't we owe it to the teenagers we were about to send into battle in a foreign land to exhaust the remedies available to us?
Some justify Carrie's refusal to be canned on that yes vote, a vote he must now know was unwise
On the grounds that if he spaced the truth, he'll lose swing voters who value a strong America, but this is malarkey
Half the country now thinks invading Iraq was a bad idea and nobody can be comfortable with the way it's turned out
The American people want to know how we got into this mess, how we can get out, and how we'll avoid making such stupid mistakes in the future
To win the debates and the election, Carrie needs to establish himself as the clear alternative to a president who has lied us into a quagmire
His fourth right speech at the Democratic Convention shows he's capable of this
Before you go to battle, you have to be able to look apparent in the eye and truthfully say
We tried everything possible to avoid sending your son or daughter into harm's way, but we had no choice
We had to protect the American people, fundamental American values from a threat that was real and imminent
Carrie got it right then, but it won't matter if he continues to whip on Bush's curve balls
Right, Robert, cheer in the LA time
And that's exactly he's got his thumb right on it, man, with
That's stuck in there and how they turned it around, how Bush is waffling in the lies, how they managed to turn that around against him
And how they've done the same thing with a military service, it's unbelievable, it's unfeeling exactly
You've got a decorated war hero who volunteered at a time when people were running up here to Canada and doing everything else to get out
Like getting certain friends to pull strings to get them into the guard or any other damn thing under the sun
And in the meantime, you've got an A-Wall president and a five-time draft-adding vice president
And they're making military service an issue
And there's one handed Bob Dolan there, well, a little limp Bob Dol, limp a noodle doll
Chamin' it with his two and a half cents
It's amazing
And again, only because there's so many stupid, stupid people out there, you don't believe me, just turn out Jerry Springer right in a day of the week
And those people are reproducing like crazy, by the way
Oh yeah, the five, six, seven, oh five, six, ten
And the trailer parks and ghettos of America, they're reproducing like rabbits
Come into QA and hello
Come into QA and hello
Not there
Five, six, yeah, I like catching them off guard like that
Oh, you've not taken any calls, we're gonna hang up
Well, you never know
You never know what it might be your chance in the sunshine, your moment of glory
You're 15 and a half seconds of fame
Come into QA and
These are some of the best calls we've had today as a matter of fact
WQM, hello
Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking
Neil, what happened to Al Goldstein?
I felt bad for the guy
Meaning what? What does that mean?
Really hate you, though
Oh, he's got a, he's got a coward
What happened to him?
He's, uh, he's S-O-L, is what he is
He made a lot of enemies, he invited people to come and Neil was asked and they did
Now he's, you know, got problems
Plus he ate too much and bought too many expensive cigars
Provinist actor one and that's a pretty timely one, eh?
Yeah
I think George will handle that when he's on, maybe tomorrow you want to do a couple hours on your friend Al Goldstein
Hey, don't forget, use the apartment, use the apartment
Sure
Any dinner
Well, you know, and now it's like, use the, uh, use the blanket on this recoritor
Use the cardboard
Let me tell you right now about something a lot more pleasant than grotesque, fat people who've, uh, gone away at the wind
Dry concepts, man, they've been cleaning the carpets in my house for over 20 years
In fact, they've been doing it in South Florida since 1979 making carpets look brand new
And they'll do exactly the same for you
Why would you, if you're in your right mind?
Why would you call anybody else when these people are the best in the business?
They don't play any games, no scams, no ripoffs, they give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start doing the job
They dry clean your carpets, they're the only people in the world who do this
And it sucks out even the deep down dirt and germs way down in a carpet you can't see you hopefully with an naked eye
And makes your carpets smell emity fresh, looking feel just like brand new
And your carpets stay cleaner longer and last longer too
They're drying a couple of hours so you really can't clean today and entertain as soon as tonight
With over 20 years of doing the right in South Florida, you know we can trust these people
On your carpets, your expensive oriental and area rugs, your upholstery, all of these things
So give them a call and when you do call, be sure to ask how you can save an extra 15%
Off they're already unbeatable priced by having to put them, uh, then put you or however that goes on the standby list
To save even more money than usual
Call them tool free, 1-800-248-5071
When you're using the first time you'll understand why you never dream and using anybody else
1-800-248-5071, run the web at www.concepts.com
You're listening to the annual Rogers, exclusive link on 560-AM
I'm a fat Jew, well congratulations, get alive
All the things that fit now that can be said, get a cure and f***ing let you see what is there up in
All the things that fit now that can be said, can be giving s*** and s*** on a dead entity a bet
We have had enough
We have had enough
We're in serious s***, freedom totally lost, if I say call, c*** I am totally f***ing talk radio has won out of love
Cause the FEC is from my apocry, I keep asking myself, wondering how it goes to show their s*** and guys can't say a word
They have big desires, you're just throwing a towel
The FEC is from my Michael Pound, this is a s*** of throwing towns
All the things that fit now that can be said, get a cure and f***ing let you see what is there up in
All the things that fit now that can be said, can be giving s*** and s*** on a dead entity a bet
We have had enough
We have had enough
I'm dying on the earth
I'm wasting nothing yet, 117 now, this is a book of Brian Bitt, you didn't tell me you had a download,
I didn't tell either until I know the other, huh?
I'm doing that now, no I didn't know, I don't know the other, I don't have time to do that in the middle of the show
If I don't even know who I'm going to be able to do it at the end of the show because it requires a whole song of dance
It's standing on your head, what? It's easy but never the less
And anyway, and also I noticed, cause the reason I did last couple of live IDs, we're not running illegal IDs at the top of the hour
That's right, we don't have any
Ahahaha
Oh no
They're supposedly in your exits now, not the reason
But you don't understand, I don't play those after the break
I was stumbling, the Rogers can't see around the clock
I can't believe the radio channel is Miami 4th, Florida
So I guess the deal is now that when I go to the, yeah, they're in the exit now instead of the rejoins
Oh my God
What what a bunch of crap we don't have them
Well, I think you am Miami for Lord. Oh, there you go. You got the wait. I'm a we don't want to put his
Last man that's last man there. No, that would that would be good
Right, I gotta have that don't let me forget you do you do have it. I do have it. Hey, that's ID get out of town
I never I never played that
Or are you leaving I never played that in my life
W-I-M Miami for Lord. Great. All right. Well, at least we're keeping his man real live anyway. That's a beautiful thing
Thank you. Whatever your name is
mystery. Who was that? Yeah
Speaking of mystery
mystical now how do you say this Kabbalah?
Okay, Kabbalah Kabbalah
mystical Kabbalah and here I'm asking his little us pick
Here's this old you ask to speak about a Jewish thing. I read all crap man. It's all such a rye is the Goyam say
mystical Kabbalah
Sparks new interest the view from here is a slice of local life by some central reporters today
Religion writer Mark Ipinski
Sounds so Jewish I wonder if he's kind of Brian Pinsky. That's called the same way the harness race driver from Chicago. I doubt it
Maybe stealing book he's Jewish
But doesn't men and women sitting around the U-shaped table arrangement look nothing like a list Hollywood celebrities yet
They come to the austere synagogue social hall in mainland these stairs next to study Kabbalah Kabbalah Kabbalah
They say you are you say Kabbalah and I say Kabbalah. Let's that city in Baghdad
Know that the same mystical tradition that is captivated entertainment luminaries such as Madonna
Paris Hilton Feth
Aston Kutcher Kutchi Kutchi Koo Britney Spears and Demi Moore
Kutchi oh, that's who was allegedly doing Nick Carter. Are you wasn't it? Who was that?
Paris
Paris Hilton and Nick Carter now are you buying that lower like a half a second?
This this is the scandal the whole thing just keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger
All of these fags and fag hags and phony
the J-Lo crap
There's J-Lo ever met a straight guy. I don't think she ever met one yet
according to Kabbalah Kabbalah
The Hebrew letters that form 72 different names for God. Oh God can offer the tired resist
diabolical threats as well as to induce physical healing
In other words
The mystical belief system maintains that at the instant of creation universe was shattered splinter into divine sparks
I wonder what Randy sparks would say about that
scholars say the objective of studying Kabbalah Kabbalah
Is to transcend the material world sometime with the help of angels
Oh, yeah
Like JT snow he used to play for the angels
And I play for the giant so by the way, he'll be in town tonight. That's right golden glove winning JT snow
One of my favorites you go JT but not too much though because we want the marlins to win they need a wean
Actually, they're like within they got a shot
You know, they still say turn on those afterburners. They got a shot at their wild card anybody care
Now they're like we're they're waiting for you to catch fire then they'll gonna hop on board again
Sound confusing seeking a simplified explanation of Kabbalah Kabbalah
Kabbalah is like asking a fast food question that requires a gourmet answer is right by Shalom Dubov
Of counter I thought his name was gonna be Shlomo. I love Shlomo
A congregation Ahavas Yisrael who leads the mainland group
Ahavas Yisrael sounds so Jewish you know it
There is a positive side the Hollywood's fascination with Kabbalah though a Dubov says
Madonna raised an awareness that's causing Jewish people to question and explore that aspect of Judaism which until I was off limits
In other words like cheeseburgers in pork
Missed this is a man angels are disturbing concepts for some Jews who are rooted in modern rationalism
I mean if despite its complex esoteric way of looking at the cosmos
Kabbalah has caught celebrity's fancy just like that
I see that Tom Cruise had to be regarded for the other day too
insisting that Scientology is great and that it helps when you're in a closet and all these other great things
Yeah, what if you're not?
well, and then hop right in hop out hop aboard
Has caught celebrity's fancy years after drawing the attention study of serious Jews and non-Jews alike
Ashley Massur 25 of Alta Manti Springs says the recent notoriety is an embarrassment
I hate how that's all played in the Hollywood's he says
Massur an artist first became attracted to the tradition years ago when her on-center or book on the subject
It was exactly what I was looking for she said it was exactly what I was looking for. Don't you love that? Oh, yeah
You religious you crazy people you God squad people you bought above my seat believers. What are you looking for?
I have no life. Oh
Although Dubovina I know what I'm looking for believe me
Although Dubovina sitting on our Orthodox those attending the classes come from all branches of Judaism
And non-Jews are also welcome at the one-hour session most members of the class are quick to say their interest in Kabbalah
Kabbalah also predates the recent fashion by months if not years
I was seeking more spiritual balance in my life since dr. Michael
0 of its 52-8 delta and at tennis. I can't believe there's all these Jews around Florida like one over here and a couple over there
It tends two different central Florida synagogues
I thought this would be a way to learn more about spiritual Judaism by contrast Mickey Wilson 57 does not attend any synagogue
The Longwood retiree who practices yoga and meditation was raised Jewish but say she has no interest in organized religion when you go girl
I do have a spiritual like she says wishes why she's drawn to the Kabbalah class Kabbalah
The weekly weekly meetings are a mixture of discourse intercourse and discussion led by the rebel who supplies a shorthand out of rebel relevant readings
Lights snacks are served on white plastic plates before the class begins certainly. I hope not brave
And the soft sound of pricking coffee provides a background for the session
How about it's you ban
For the most part the atmosphere is relaxed until a point of example in sight spirited interchanges the participant
What does that mean? I don't it's just such
God will be good. What are you looking for man with the wafers and the holy ghost and the
Kabbalah and the Kabbalah and all this other crap. Jesus. It got almighty
Deal God man
You know that thing about too many religious nuts. How's it doing on our pole? Here's the poor results so far. It's moving up
That because the president being even the reason imbassil is also religious nut so that I think they should transcend all the other ones and it ties in with the first two nicely
What is the biggest problem with America the masses are morons 293 morons
A present who's an imbassil 227 too many religious nuts 70 which you don't find in most other supposedly civilized countries in a world
The other people raise four eyebrows when they take a look at americans see all the the influence of these religious extremists these fetus liquors
These stem cell suckers these crazy people
70 to many religious nuts
Lack of respect for each other 29 lawyers 27 the media sucks 25 too many guns 24
Health here 20 we've lost touch with god 18 too many fat people 15 bad work ethic 11
Sexually repressed for and there are no problems now up to four out of seven hundred and seventy one and that great don't you feel better? There are no problem, right
God I wish I'd known that all along. I'd feel so much better probably one of the ten years
There are no problems
You can't get the best of that Canadian place. Oh, we're fine. Right
How's that queen do I mean that one? How's the paper boy doing over there channel seven
Miss Stevens
Boy, it's a miracle that they got in fact every tenor is a big storm
Remember when we work right next to a channel seven i would be every tenor is a big storm
You're for fear that that whole thing is gonna like take off into flight channel seven building that would blow away it floats
If you're on the act in south beach or buses or any other low-carb sugar free diet then head for the lights of west
Vokor for years these folks have delicat about thousands of low-carb dieters
It's either way lost schools and now the lights of west focus celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts
Up to 50% off on low-carb products like carbohydrates like pure delight carbsense and lots more lots mores
How do we do ever have a smores bar? Yes, they suck
You like them? Oh, they're okay
They're not they're not much disappointing and as the anniversary super special
I do like to write night you can save half-off all the rations brands foods and supplements don't forget the great selection of low-carb
Big redems like cheesecakes
Breads rolls and for your brownie hounds delicious low-carb brownies sports on the right of it
I've heard you've heard sports pop tart ticket. They never had those. Oh pop tart says you're going. Sure
And you can buy anything of the story you can buy it before you try it or is it the other way around you know
I'm saying even sampler before you lay out any cash the staff at the lights knows a low-carb dieting inside and out
They're open daily till 10 and don't forget their guarantee lowest price policy on all atkins carbolite and pure delight products too
You like to waste book who will not be under sold you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades in
441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1-877 low-carb LOWWC ARB around web low-carb.com
You like to waste bookets your official atkins retail center
to
L the
be
you

more
She doesn't need to fall.
As if she's always crying.
She doesn't need to fall.
As if she's always crying.
She doesn't need to fall.
She doesn't need to fall.
She doesn't need to fall.
She doesn't need to fall.
Nature is always really strong in father's life.
Nature is always brave.
Nature is always brave.
She is always brave.
It's working for Children who don't have children,
how do you feed unheiually?
People can make lids.
You're smart.
Sp .
They're fun holding Squads in their Carlos 2002itaire,
560 WQ and we got Kimba Bo camper the big man in sports the giant in this
fourth industry and for the man dogs. Oh right. It works so maybe one or two
days a year and then we got Joseph Gaki filling in we apologize profusely for
that for the mysteriously disappearing a hand goldberg at four. Marlon's on
Dex 630 Marlon's hosted giant 705 WQ begin. Here's Carlos and Helen Dale Beach who
I think probably was the one I called before chronic maybe. Listening to how
it's during this morning I heard him do several fart sounds as well as making
brown squishing sounds it's interesting that Carlos can tell the color of the
sound on the radio. He must have color audio. Yeah they're drawn. Take that'll do that.
Great. As well as making brown squishing sounds when talking about George
Bush's military duty that was the one that was great though. It was it. Thank God.
Linda Blair of Auschis for it. It's got her squeal of approval. Not that it bothers me.
I like to smell of a well done radio shows as Carlos what does bother me is that WQ
does not allow you the same freedom of artistic expression. See here's another one
trying to steer the pot. Go smoke at Carlos. Don't worry about steering it.
There'll always be number one to me even if you're not allowed number two on your show.
And that cute Carlos trying to write a little funny. Here's something that I
too funny from USA Today Today. At a time yesterday like I said at a time when you
a Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's come under fire from a
group of retired naval officers who say he lied about his combat record in Vietnam
questions about president Bush's 1968-78th
in the Texas Air National Guard remain unresolved. Why did Bush describe by some of his fellow
officers as a talented enthusiastic pilot stop flying fighter jets in the spring of 72
and fail to take an annual physical exam required of all pilots? What explains the apparent gap
in the president's guard service in the 72-73 period when commanders in Texas and Alabama say
they never saw him report for duty and records show no paid of Bush when he was supposed to be
on duty Alabama with a banjo on his knee. Did Bush receive preferential treatment
getting into the guard and securing a coveted pilot slot despite poor qualifying scores and arrests
for those convictions for stealing your Christmas wreath and routingness at a football game
during his college years. The White House has released hundreds of pages of records but the
files released so far haven't answered those questions. All of these things since the documents
were released in February at least a half-does news organizations including USA Today
have filed new requests for Bush's military records under the Freedom of Information Act
in the email the USA TodayList week presidential spokesman Dan Bartlett said
the president's authorized release of his records we are compliant with all requests some
are taking longer than others but all will be addressed like maybe after the election will be
a good time to tell them. Yeah, so they have to be good just like Arnold remember he was going to
like conduct his own investigation of all those sexual harassment charges against him after the
election when he had time right and they decided after when he election the glans like I'm
not going to bother with anyway. Great! I'm not going to bother. Although I'm glad that he
cleared it all up for all those women that he grouped and uh well. When all did that come through
that just happened and I love those. Oh those are beautiful. May I see you Anita? I apologize.
Anyway that's that's what you tell everything you need to know about America is the fact that
Arnold Schwarzenegger the terminator is governor of California the largest state in the country that's
what you tell everything you need to know. Questions about Bush's record predate the current
campaign the apparent gap in his guard service first surface before the 2000 election when the
Boston Globe reported that Texas guard commanders were unable to account for Bush's whereabouts
from May 72 to April 73 where'd he go? Bush hasn't said what he did in the guard during that period
aside from a statement by former Alabama air guard officer who said he saw Bush and Port
Purdue either in the fall of 72 the only evidence that he was a damnly air national guard based
in Alabama was the record of a dental exam January 6 1970s we had to base Bush said in the TV
interview in February that he would make all his military records available but some documents
still have not been made public the White House did not release Bush's medical records from his
guard files but a lot of group of reporters who covered the White House to review them for 20
minutes they found nothing unusual. Care released some of his military records earlier this year he's
also declined to release his complete medical records but show them your report as his Bush did
he said here you want to see it and then like since February the White House has been all guarded
military commanders outside the Pentagon from commenting on Bush's record service request for
information must go to the Pentagon's FEMA Information Act office and be approved by Hermann
Gehring Jr before they even looked at how do you like that it's the Gestapo that's what Colin
Powell said and how come the media didn't play up that clip from a Bob Bob Woodward's book huh?
stop you you understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone exactly which is why they're not
going on doors checking out who's going to be protesting at the Republican Convention next week
that's right we understand you're going to be up to no good okay we want to get the goods we want
to like in fact maybe you're a person of interest all about crap or an interested person yeah we
might actually get to an 802 I was going to say if we if we to really put the big push out we
got a half thousand votes during the show today you know it should have pushed it well too
late now well maybe how we will go home early another day during the week but maybe tomorrow
you'll get lucky maybe go home at 10.50 or night you'll run out again no more anything else Robin
anything else Robin anything else man that's just even even Batman is embarrassed
you're listening to Neil Rogers
All over my old face I'm blue with bad news for full of things.
I don't know why they hate me.
All why they always hate me.
It must be because I can't use blue with bad news for full of things.
On my arm, like a ramic knally, not a locker-walk.
I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hauls.
But that no mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are bad, you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing, shaved, and show a little glass the next time I'm raking in.
I can go through a surgeon, but that can't be the shivers.
I would not want the walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
I would wear a mic.
I might have noticed the fat little freak.
I did him a favor now again, upon the knee.
The reason I dismissed that sneaking fat bastard, the guy seen with a shut up, and he can't play connoisseur.
There's somebody talking over there. Nobody talks when I run.
I run ten-year talk.
Look at me, I'm hit.
I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy, man.
I'm really dead.
I buy her any one I want.
I don't care.
But this way, if they make me flip my wig made her smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happens to the Greeks.
When one said you can out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the jeans.
You paradise.
I don't kiss nobody's ass and paradise.
I'll be sure enough the screw gets when I get the jeans.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
I won't visit tape.
Tell me calling the plate.
We just have little thoughts.
So what I left this day.
And that's funny one.
I never sell it buddy.
I can do what I want.
Because the management loves me.
Can I tell you something?
No, something you ought to know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my pal.
You and my tight pal.
Now I'm straight.
How about?
Who?
What do you do?
I'll take no for an answer.
That you.
Get out of there.
Get out there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
145.
Now can you believe that we actually found one of those that we can still play?
Oh, listen.
Really clear.
Yeah, listen to it during the break before.
It was just calm down.
Think for a deep breath and calm down.
I'll take a percussive.
Look for an EQ on Van today.
Five is seven.
It's a whole Duffscope better than stuff on that.
You know, five is seven.
The seven is seven.
It's a public said 99.51 Miramar Parkway.
It's stuff I'd have spent the deal for prizes.
And registered to win a pair of dolphins.
Titan tickets at the president they'd be your display.
Five to seven.
This afternoon.
The Florida Panthers who say they've had a 37 employees in the past year will lay off fewer
than 10 employees on their business side.
On September 15th, if as expected, you can just about bit your life on it.
There was no new NHL labor agreement in place by then.
So Chief Operating Officer Michael Yormark said yesterday.
But be sure and send in their money they want for the tickets.
It's less than other teams are laying off said Yormark who informed his staff of the impending
cuts yesterday.
Because we moved our revenues in the right direction this summer that gave us the flexibility
to make minimal changes.
The Panthers who have 125 employees on the minutes side won't lay off any executives.
Yormark said the layoffs would involve support staff and such areas as game presentation,
human resources and accounting.
These people were not the ones who created the situation.
Yormark said that's the sad part.
Yormark said he's not sure if the employees who would be very hard after the labor issue
was settled.
Panter General Manager Mike Keenan said there'll be no layoffs on the hockey side if and
when there was a lay out a lockout lay out.
Look out.
Like I said they watch your money though make no mistake about that.
Get those season ticket checks in there.
Even though there is going to be any season speaking of that you're going to America may
never be the same again after they hear this story.
I'm strapped in.
Well you don't care it's something because it's a sports thing.
Oh, but it is part of America.
I'm a man you can't mess with this.
I'll go back to listen to music.
Is Walt Disney running off the clock on Monday Night Football on ABC?
Oh my God.
The 34 year old sports class because ABC is most popular longest running primetime program
tradition at the beginning of 1970 when ABC's legendary sports producer Runaway was put
Howard Cosell, Don Meredith and Keith Jackson in the broadcast booth.
In recent years though the Strukture and Disney Network has been losing about $150 million
annually on Monday Night Football.
ABC pays the NFL $550 million a year for the right stair the Monday Night matchups but
advertising revenue doesn't come close to covering the cost.
The 150 million year they're taking up the appipe.
Now with Disney executives under pressure to prove to Walt Streets that they can reverse
the fortune to the fourth place network and turn them profit by next year they must decide
whether the benefits of money now football outweigh the financial losses.
ABC is between a rock and a hard place at Brad adgate and under great name.
Great name.
He's research director for the ad buying firm Horizon Media and his name is Brad adgate.
It's been ABC's highest rated show but at some point they have to ask how much is too
much.
The NFL's been meeting with Network executives in recent weeks to start hammering out a
new TV rights package that probably worth seeing that's currently at your pack which
total $17.6 billion and expire at the end of the 2005 football season.
NFL executives have wanted to negotiate new agreements this fall before they begin contract
talks with the players union because the network advertising market's been strong but
Disney totally isn't ready to deal.
Instead they want to wait until next year closer to the October 2005 deadline to negotiate
NFL contracts for ABC and sister network ESPN.
What happy 7th no more running at football?
I don't know.
That huh?
Didn't go nowhere.
I think that would be the end of America as we know it don't you?
Yes.
In fact if that happens then we can retake the poll that we're taking today and the
obvious winner by a landslide no more Monday night football is what's wrong with America.
I mean if you don't have that huh?
Yeah.
What do you got?
What?
You better get with it Mr. Ok?
You better get that 12 pack of beer ready and you better be sitting right there in front
of your screen when the regular season starts and we get that first Monday night game.
Do we have like a Monday night exhibition this game going to be on there too?
I would assume Josh?
I would assume yes.
They generally do have an exhibition game on there too because they can rake some more
funs out of it but evidently not nearly enough a shortfall of 150 million dollars.
What a shame.
What a shame.
And you know who's in deep crap overall this?
I know.
That's right.
Our good close personal friend.
How come this thing keeps coming up on here boy if you could see what's going on here
there?
Well I got to do these cues you know in it now maybe Clarence and Muff told me I mean
in my old age maybe I forgot that I'm supposed to use that legal idea at the end of each break
I don't think so.
I think you screwed up Clarence I think that you're a program director like Josh Friedman
is an etiquette expert like Jeff High is a fashion plate.
The dinner plate?
Yeah the only plate he cares about is when it's got plenty of chow on it that's all he
got three T.I.A.s in one weekend.
Nice going fat boy.
It's been lovely knowing you man.
It's a pretty good sign that he's on the way out.
I'll go to the funeral as long as I don't have to be a Paul there.
I'm going out at Ferry I'm hopping on the ferry.
Again?
And go right across the lake to Roxas to get some lilacs.
I told him I'll send him right to his funeral.
I don't do a funeral but I'll ship you some nice beautiful purple lilacs from Rotten
sister.
What's the biggest problem with America that's our pool question at anyorodges.com?
If you tune in late today you missed a bonus on this show.
10.20am was the last any more Robin and then they finally said good.
You notice even then when they say goodbyes there's always a couple of the guys in the 80
member cast who are like talking about just they always got something like goodbye already
okay it's like somebody like like when your mother comes to visit in your case and threatens
to leave which you never quite can't seem to make it to the door and you're thinking
okay leave already please 845 votes yeah we could have made a thousand years ago.
Easy.
The masses are more on 321 a president who's in imbecile 246 too many religious nuts
280 just heard 80 like respect for each other 40 lawyers 29 the media sucks 28 and void
us it ever and let me say it again it's a Pantagorda.
Yeah I can't even figure it out myself I always knew what it was and I've driven through
there many a time having you.
Punta Punta Tintse.
The media sucks 28 too many guns 24 we've lost touch with God 23 healthcare 21 too many
fat people 15 fat boy bad work ethic 13 there are no problems 5 and sexually repressed
full.
You are a word from Howard Dean's wife.
Hey hello there.
I'm Dr. Julia Steinberg.
Quite a presidential candidate.
Howard Dean you can call me Judy not judge Judy that's a different risk.
People have to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with how he.
Hey did you get a good look at me in Iowa.
I see the crap out of myself I make Ralph a business and I look like a shana pool.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much you they share anyway how he says after
I showed up his numbers drop it know that I say that's a bunch of misogas for those of
you who don't the capista you they said means crap how is a good guy though he's what
you might call a loose cannon he's got a pretty bad temper on him I remember one time
one of our kids left the cap off of the toothpaste I thought he was going to draw a gasket
the veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the corners of
his mouth even for sugar I spent 23 years with the shaggots most of the time he's a
man but on occasion I hate him I think my husband how he would make for a very good president
one of the things I'm a little peeled about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV I
want to buy section the city I got a shut down to campaign headquarters also the croggers
to watch on some tiny black and white set I have never seen any program in color so
I know Jackie Kennedy hell if you look at me I'm no Ted Kennedy I don't wear makeup I'm
like a whisker away from being amish don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign
the only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to choose through my
restraints anyway because that goes on that's the issue that the judges time they're
over and out before by the committee to elect John Kerry president we're gonna scout
Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and you Mexico we're gonna call
for you and Texas and New York we're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan
and then we're gonna watch it and you see it take back the way else you're up you're
found to have a large private she will be described qualified from the competition and
strict of her medal if the bulls is found to be only a hernia a hernia the Romanian
powerhouse legend will only grow in the sports women wait for lifted
caragher for arguments say let's just say it's a hernia said Jacobson then she's
extremely tough though because I can't imagine how painful it would be to lift that
kind of weight with five or six inches of intestines bulging through your
a dominant wall wait lifting officials and Olympic officials will meet with
mess lastka this afternoon to examine the bulls oh that was I'm telling him thank
thank God for the crow you know what a newfound respect I have for our man to
crow like I think the crow in the afternoon crow Hank and the crow sounds good to
me I like that one exactly this is been Hank old we're as the crow flies anyway
we got Kimba both capers for the rarely working to guard my what's his name Jim
managed it to and then we got Joseph Gaki it's for for what's his name and we
apologize bye bye
