www.cumstance.com
What do we have for sure for them today or what?
No! Huh?
No.
We don't? No.
Oh.
Are you bastard?
Don't worry about what I eat
I don't wanna die from having steak
Don't wanna swallow no Mccony
Gonna take a break
Take it off my plate
Don't give me no peace
Boys are asking for these
I wanna catch no Mccony's
And waste away
Don't give me no peace
Boys are vegan now
And I think I can't buy on signs on how
And waste away
Take my burger away
Don't give me no peace
Boys the same with pork
The one I get sick from
What's on my fork
And waste away
Don't give me no peace
Boys I'll have to
Food
I guess I have to give a favor
To always do away
I wanna live on my day
Don't give me no peace
Boys are asking for these
I wanna catch no Mccony's
What's your new center?
No, don't wanna kick no man cow disease
For us got man cow disease
That's where we're here in eastern Chicago
We know that we got a whole bunch of people out there
Really concerned about was he coming back?
Things like that
What do you mean no?
Don't be so low
Is he coming back?
No
But he's in Chicago with a man cow
Who comes to fight out
Is one of those teats and the boobies and the ass
Right
Guys but also is a right wing Nazi
Yeah we play his bits there
Are they hysterical?
He's a funny guy
But he happens to be a real right wing fanatic
Who's columns by the way
He writes columns that appear on newsmax.com
So boy they must have some real defu-
That he goes to show at a bunch of hypocrites they are
They don't care how much teat and ass and the filthy puts on the air to man cow in Chicago
As long as he espues the right wing line they like him a lot
So how do you like that?
So that's the update on Phu-Row he's not coming back
No, no what are we gonna do?
You know one of those things
I bet you a lot of people are gonna call and say
Hey welcome back Neil we hope you had a wonderful time
We're glad you got back from vacation safe
We heard, oh yeah, we have a 24 hour run to clock nurse made
We heard that from his fudge
Right
I think what we're gonna do is just see when he goes on the air he makes up all kinds of crap
Just like he does on his website
Like Johnny Coquing was gonna be Michael Jackson's attorney
Oops, oops
The word I'm hearing is that he masturbates furiously while listening to this show
That's what I heard from a very good friend of his
He most seriously he puts on that silly hat to cover his ball spot
And he's yanked himself frantically listening to the sound of my voice right now
Yeah
Oh that's what I'm hearing
Get a grip on yourself miss fudge you silly goose with both hands
With uh in his case with one finger
Why?
Look at this first call we're gonna get on your face gonna be great
You're gonna be good?
Qion
Happy New Year, yes
I thought you're welcome back in Iowa, I'm a straight dude
But I love you and uh you demand
All right
Happy New Year, Pallie
Happy New Year
Yeah, I hit every let us down at all
Oh come on, that was a great car
See this new year we got a whole new deal
I was an Amsterdam which is a horrible place in December by the way toilet
Uh he wants some coke, ecstasy, Viagra, before will you like?
Yeah, that's the new deal now there's Southern P, Agara on the street
Viagra?
They can't even say it right but they'll sell it to
And I was checking it online because it's so boring in a winter time anyway
And between your blow and your nose
That's the only thing you're blowing there in December as your nose
Oh what a horrible place
But anyways so I'm checking in the online store
That's a good scam by the way
Shouldn't we open up a bunch of those internet cafe stores?
Yeah, that's a great deal
I'm serious
They make a fortune and there's almost no maintenance you know
But anyways so I was checking our website to see if George was still on the year
And uh the pull that you took the one day about
What was the
Political talk on talk shows is
With that bad thing, so much hulk
Like that, what's your take on the political talk on the show?
Dominic QA, I'm Hello, Happy New Year
Happy New Year, Mario Colfone
And few YouTube, man
And we got a new word for this year too
A whole bunch of new words
No, I was watching a
What? I think it's great
I've been trying for years to figure out how to say that one and get away with it
I mean we do the Schmidt thing you know and all the other crap
But I was watching a
Infomercial for some classical music very high-rout thing on the BBC
And they were talking about Bach's fugue, you know, fugue number 69 whatever was
I love his fugue
Yeah and I thought to myself, well fugue you mother fugers, you know
Yes
A whole bunch of new words that we can finally open up
I like it
So anyway you did that thing about politics and
Man, new people out there are so full of crap
It's just it's amazing to me
They always give it at least usually they give it a politically correct answer
Oh it's very important you must talk about politics
They are right
The correct answer was you're preaching it acquired
Right, which is what I believe
You're farting into a blizzard is what you're doing
You're farting into a goddamn hurricane
That's all you're doing
Just wasting time and you know our website will continue having the same great bedtime stories
Which you're a chance of really sensational ones by the way
In fact you're doing such a great job on that
Don't say it, don't go there girlfriend
No you might need to have some good stuff on you
Including one about the scholar and crossbones
The year I was my favorite
The year your eternity thing
Which inspired a pull that you took
Gate
It was kind of gay
Anyway, 908 votes on your pull from Thursday
Which shows they can't all be good but
Right
What was my idea?
What were your New Year's resolution be this year?
314 out of 908 said New Year's resolutions are
Gate
200 said
I'm gonna lose weight
I didn't even do that one this year by the way
1991 that's not too bad is it?
No, not bad at all
Because I gained about a pound and a half and I'm still on
The best meal I had was at McDonald's
You keep saying that
Oh I'm not I'm telling you they wouldn't know a piece of meat in Amsterdam if you stuck it in their face
And I've tried that many times and they run away
But they just don't know how to prepare meat
The only good meat you'll get there is an
McDonald's or Burger King
Or the Cowardest
Even?
I'm telling you
They wouldn't know good food at the
It's there's something wrong with them people
Anyway, lose weight 200 get the few out of South Florida 86
That's the way I believe
I believe they really use that legitimately and I like it
I like the sound of it
It's very intellectual
Get the point you got to sound Florida 86
That's 9.4% of you people are finally rising up
Have an affair 67 I'm sure that was your just vote
Get a better job Fitty
Stop beating my meat now you could have put something more intellectual on there like stop yanking it something like that
But stop beating my meat 42
Listen to Neil Moore 38 which we need your help this year boys and girls man
We're just like Miss Fudge said
The ratings are so bad we had a bad month
You should live so long Matt
As long as we got you sitting there with your god damn Bob Quince blow up doll on one side
And your aunt colder blow up doll on the other one
He's squeezing it right now hard
Listen to Neil Moore 38
Listen to Moe Less 26
That's a good idea
Absolutely
Stop smoking 19 get a divorce 19 quick drink at 18
Quit drugs 15 stop beating my wife 10 and stop eating meat only four
I concur with that last thing there because even though I'm I'm grossed up by this whole thing about the downer cows
I never heard that before did you?
Yeah they had as a matter of fact it was a couple years ago they had a big expose on the slaughterhouses that are continuing to sell and process the downer cattle
There are rules and regulations against that that they've been resisting
Oh why is Eric putting this old pool back under again for me to see the result I guess?
Oh I guess
Preaching to the choir let me let me vote on again I already voted from Amsterdam Eric but that's okay
Political talk on a show is
Well this Eric is on top of it he did this just for me so I can take a puke at it
And I don't want to poo poo your opinion because otherwise we wouldn't take the polls but in this particular case
Yeah poo poo I knew by the way we got a skeleton log a skeleton schedule today
It's just this is made believe it's it's kind of like we get a free pass today
And how about them harry coons to have what it just squeaked by again another misfield girls the same script every year so boring
Pathetic
Now let's say I'm trying to think that the quarterback for USC there's a good looking stud
Maybe he can be Tommy Brady successor in the England after the Patriots win through your former Super Bowl
Oh don't start with that football stuff again. We're looking at our wounds here
Well that was cute when you put the what poll was it you put fire Dave arms that on that was great
That was excellent political talk on a show look at that there were 185 votes wow
How is that possible?
Was that a weekend pool?
It was just weak
Important 329 30%
Say political talk on a show is important well good luck to you in the coming year. I'll tell you there right now
Oh don't tell us out me. I'm not telling you out, but I'm just telling you it's a waste of time
It's farting into a goddamn hurricane is what it is it's okay and small doses okay
269 said that entertaining 245 why wasn't entertaining I don't know but I thought I put that on there some people like it for entertainer
Yeah, all those old the talk show groupies all the old parts of what they were calling you about misdrudge
See I can't imagine why any self-respecting human being would even admit they listen to that queen's back of facts is
Oh
Carlos
See you got to understand just like the Johnny Cochrane thing he just makes crap up as he goes along
So we're gonna start making up crap about him like he wears a colostomy bag stuff like that
Although he might you never know preaching to the choir 110 that was the correct answer about political talk
It's preaching to the choir
Boring 106 and offensive 26 kind of like I don't know the result on that pole suck. That's all I can tell you very weak
Speaking of very weak very jackass has his usual spectator Friday morning column today
Jim Sarni I always knew you're an idiot, but you got to start writing about QAM or okay if you're gonna write about sports talk on a radio
Sports broadcasting you got to write about QAM a hell of a lot more miss Arnie
But very jackass writes today in a hero
He says this was a year when he spn somehow thought Rush Limbaugh would be a good hire
ABC somehow thought Lisa Guerrero would be a good hire and WQM somehow thought Scott Farrell would be a good hire
Right
Well the audience thought he was a good hire
But I'm gonna say it again he just he's got a death wish
He just got a career death wish he wants to continue getting himself can in fact
He hasn't even officially taken that job in Chicago
I try to get a definitive answer out of one you people this morning before the show and it's like wow
He's there. He's doing it, but he's you know for the team win me in he's waiting to get canned again
I'm serious. I don't know what that's all about anyway, so then Barry goes on with the national big stories and others and that
Local big stories biggest disaster
Says very Jackson crewed Lude Farrell repeatedly crossing line of good taste and WQM practically forcing the station to fire him
Now let me ask you did we fire him
Hey, yeah, but what does that mean practically forcing the station? Well, that's very again
Tremelite prime of the mouthpiece for Greg read then wait to the air this punching bag award WQM's Howard David continues to be castigated on the air by
Colleagues
Enough already says Barry enough already no not enough already in addition which you're not supposed to be listening to show anyway
Because it's not a sports show Barry rhymes with Mary and Barry I
Told you I think he's talking about those other shows where they use them as a punching bag well good for them and the answer from them
Also is no we have it
We've only just begun as Karen corporate would say if you just eat one little piece of meat. She was probably worried about man cow
She's right now
Now not only is Barry jackass is he the mouthpiece for Greg read in the newspapers, but now he's also the the
miniature program director
We already got enough program directors and operation managers and middle-level management people very we don't need you with your little brown paper bag lunch
Program in QAM you little asshole you you little put a backing piece of third god
But anyway, that's Barry jackass's take on the state of her broadcasting in QAM in this and that and brush limba all of these things
10 13 now the good news for you today is like I said it's like a make believe they said a breaks are gonna be like
perilously short
Canada a land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers and now these legendary
Canucks pay tribute to one another on this new CD the best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Ann Murray's version of this
Rush classic
And rushes take on this Ann Murray standard
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Zedu a
Like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number
Neil young singing Celine Dion's biggest yet
I know that my heart of gold will go
But that's not all there's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams crash test dummies doing the lattice more set snow wrapping the guess who and Gordon Whitefoot performing this bear naked ladies smash it
One week since you look into me
Put your head to the side of that I am angry
Think of your copy of the best Canadian singing other Canadians the great white North has never been so great or for that matter so white
1018 at 560 WQM happy new year a
Thank you 23 votes on the pool so far the brand new one is up there right now pretty good pool. I think
Pretty predictable
Into the year kind of crap. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Here's the choices I
Guess I should read them off what's got on a pool so far only 23 votes
Arnold a grow up and a dervacator governor of California
Six you know that they showed a clip that I had forgotten about they showed it
I'm one of the end of the year things the last couple of days of J Leno
Introducing him to make his acceptance speech. Okay, that to me had to be the most
I'm inexcusable the most inappropriate piece of crap. I've ever seen in my life
You don't agree yet. Why didn't see it J Leno introducing
Arnold as the governor of California right it's a show bit state
Yeah, in other words forget about politics forget about government forget about anything that makes any sense
Everything is show but there's no business like show but that's it. That's exactly correct
I just I was a Paul I couldn't believe it. I mean talk about absolutely inappropriate
Like like bring out the pom-poms and start with a guy the Antiquate parade and let's get all the show business people in there
It's a sad Arnold a grow up and a dervacator governor of California six well fugue him
Michael Jackson arrested five always speak at a Michael Jackson
You realize that CBS is completely sold out. Yes. Yeah, I mean you can debate whether they actually paid him the million dollars for that
60 minutes interview or not which but the fact of the matter is tonight
Tonight at eight o'clock or whatever time it's on which I will not watch it
CBS is airing the Michael Jackson number one's special all part of the deal
I can't wait for the Charlie Manson special what what time is that and the John Wayne Gacy special and the Ted Bundy one ought to be good to that show
Unbelievable or Charlie with a musician
Michael Jackson arrested six Kobe Bryant case five
Madonna and Brittany kiss two Martha Stewart insider trading one and no votes yet for Rosie O'Donnell lawsuit Paris Hilton sex tape or Roy Horn
All by that tiger by the way. He's home Roy. Yeah, and not doing too good. Did they put his skull piece? He's making little grueling sounds every nonin
I can't believe the lack I was gonna take like a whole bunch of calls here today because like I said, it's kind of a screwing off day
When you think oh no we're doing screenless by the way this year just this year we're doing screenless next year
We'll think about it all depending whether my twenty four hour nurse made can help me answer these phones
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless. No, we did over 55 grand for band and per rescue not bad
Well, it's not great now
We usually hope for but you know two two factors running very much against this number one
Most of our audience is gone and number two charities are having a tough ride this year
Nobody had that's right times are really hard
Plus the fact we got no audience now of course this for well thing while you were on vacation
I was informed by McGill in the beast to which by the way don't ever put the beast on the show again ever under penalty of death
Okay, even though even though it was my choice of putting a minor in the first place, but he's useless
The deal was well for everywhere we go the word is that they've tuned you out
Neal they've tuned the station off generally except for the severe the sports nerds because they're not coming back until for
All comes back
Well, he and coming back that's number one and number two. What does that have to do with this show?
You explain that to me. Why would they punish us? I
Don't I don't get it. I mean what where's the connection didn't weren't we doing pretty well before he came along right right
What right a long time and all of a sudden it's like wow of course?
I don't believe them anyway, but it's just one of the one of those excuse kind of thing sure
Oh, yeah, they all went away. They hate you now Neal because for all got fired what?
Well, you fired him now sure
And there he is right there
Sounds to me like he's got that mancoed disease W.I.M. Yeah, happy New Year Neal and say me you sir
Hey, he never called me once right he likes me a line. Oh, oh
Come on at least happy New Year come on pretend to be happy man
Pretend to be in a good mood even though the dolphins took it off the ass and didn't make the playoffs
They did squeak by that jet skim the last game in the last second then make any difference people are a little upset about that
They're probably all even on a week who was beat the one the orange bowl last night again a misfield role by FSU right at the end
Same old-haired thing and 16 to 14. What kind of a score is that sounds like a girls game to me?
So I think we're probably cursed down here and people are pretty upset about it
Somebody Q.A. Am happy New Year
And hello, you know, yes, sir
W.D. Q.A. I'm happy New Year. We're the chronic cab driver
Happy New Year and back to you
See I got nothing to say the guys right they have no material. I sure hope you did better when you were on no
No, no, there were there was a day or two
Where I got a smattering every spot. I saw some light at the end of the tunnel
But it was it was you know, well let me let me know when the audience is coming back
Then I'll start doing like a real show. I'll fire a flare up into the air
Said a message in a bottle or Iran speaking of problems
Iran denies a nuke test caused that earthquake
President Mohammed Kutami is denied that the killer quake that struck south east of Rand December 26 was caused by a
Secret nuclear test newspapers reported Wednesday
These allegations have spread but they're completely unfodded said to president who on Monday and Tuesday visited the
Bam region at the epicenter of the quake that is permitted hot now don't don't do the bam
Don't do that emerald a gas you think that's terrible
There were 30 or 40,000 people died and you're making jokes about it. Oh, they were arid so bam
I was thinking about emerald. I hate to say that
Our religious principles are security and defense doctor and Eve Lohan leave no room for nuclear arms
He said quoted by the Iranian media. Iran is building its first nuclear reactor is that nuclear as our president said
But is repeatedly denied accusations from the US and Israel that it's embarked on a covert nuclear arms program
He's got a me because this is brit news
So there you go don't forget Michael Jackson on CBS tonight. Don't watch it with that CBS eyes that'll be watching your round of clock
Don't do it
One more kind of an asshole would watch that program. What kind of a moron great a
In other words the people we just heard from last couple minutes
Nobody Q. I.m
Speaking
One of your people WQM happy new year. Yeah, I've a new year nail you but welcome back and
George did a good job
Just good
Just go and click there he goes. We didn't want to get too carried away good did a good job though that guy said
Not phenomenal not sensational just okay, I think it's good. That's what I'm going for anyway
43 votes on the poll
But I tell you one thing it's gonna take us a while here to build this pull up today man something really stinks
40 or 51 votes what what do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003 Arnold the group and a derlick the governor of California 18
Michael Jackson arrested 11 they shouldn't have bruised him all up like that, you know
Yeah, where's Limbaugh drug edition 11 Kobe Ryan Rape case 7 Madonna and Britney TV kiss 2 Roy Horan marked by tiger 1
On the Martha Stewart insider trading that's a trial by the way starts January 22. I write about that. Yeah
Paris Hilton sex tape none and Rosie O'Donnell lawsuit has none who cares about that bitch anymore anyway, right nobody cares small potatoes man
Big puppet small potatoes nobody cares about you Rosie. They wish you just go away. You have misfudge what a match made in heaven
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil yes sir welcome back and happy new year to you sir
Okay, thank you 5 6 7 0 5 60
That our great audience is gone, huh whoever said that
Well, what does he know he's got a few mental problems?
Let's see. Let's take a look at that schedule for today
We got Curtis Stevenson on for the mad dog who's taking an extended man you talk about
Days off he makes me look like a biker
Curtis Stevenson 2 to 3 30 does a good job by the way nice phone Curtis you're okay in our book and then we got
Guilty on game night at
3 30 for an hour pregame show. Why are they doing an hour pregame? Is that correct?
There's at a mistake I don't know that can't be right our pregame for the Panther game
There's a lot of material to cover that that's 60 minutes
That's more that's more than a minute for each people people's who's gonna be listening to that crap
Panther preview at 4 30 to Panthers and affiliate flyers that can be really ugly at the macarena at 5 o'clock and then we got the
fiesta bowl
Can a case state is that Kansas state I guess?
Yeah, so a higher state, huh?
Yes, you're supposed to know these things. What is that case state? What kind of a moron puts that on her?
Kansas state in a house. What else could it be? That's the fiesta boy anybody care about that?
Oh, and then you got Eddie K follows the football game in the SPN radio overnight. That's our schedule. That's our agenda
We tell I get to this story about the Air Force France groundings wait
Well the people feel really secure when I hear about this stuff air France grounding stem from mistakes
Just little mistakes, you know like some old Chinese lady. Oh, she sounds like a terrorist who I send a plane back
Things like that
1027 at 560 QAM. You're used to be popular station
All across the country people are eating beef for dinner in the radio Texas the thing of them is being poisoned by a bad butt loss
In the walkie-stand foreigners choking to death on a waterfully
And in Kittering name the Johnson's are watching a Eugene have a coronary
Box as a lifetime of eating burgers is blocked his arteries tighter than a hangman's news at the end of the day
Nothing kills so many people in so many different ways beef. It's what's for dinner?
Possibly your last dinner. That's okay. I like my meat man. I'm not giving up my meat for nobody
Lane Canada. That's a way to go. Just blame Canada if anything bad happens. It's the Canadians fault
Right barbarian a head cold at SARS. It's from Canada. If you get some bad meat. It's Canadian cow all I crap
You notice how well within like 24 hours they sent that
Goofball to Japan to say oh, what you please reconsider and they said no
You know what I said they got their own beef
They got good beef. They ever have that Kobe beef. No, but I understand the Kobe Bryant was named after it
I'm I'm serious. Come on. You feel supposed to be the best. It's very expensive. Yes. I know you just make it
No, I had it. No, not he was named after Kobe beef. Yes, he was
Why is that is he got tender meat his dad really liked the the product I see
The agriculture department dramatically upgraded the country's defenses against mad cow disease Tuesday of this week
banning meat from all so-called downer cows and
Promising to create a nationwide animal tracking system steps long advocated by critics
These are very aggressive actions
Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said to the this is the same broad. It said oh, it's Canadians
It's Canadians a it's a Canadian cow a
Week after the first case of mad cow disease surfaced on US soil of Washington state Holstein slaughtered on December 9
The changes will produce more rapid testing of cattle for the presence of mad cow disease and meat will not be processed until test results are back
Veneman also said small intestines from cows will no longer be allowed in the US food supply nor head or spinal tissue from cow cattle older than
30 months
In addition the Bush administration is ordering changes in these slaughterhouse techniques to prevent meat from being accidentally contaminated with brain-erspinal
Cortis you to can spread mad cow disease doesn't this make you feel a hell of a lot better about the crap that they're feeding us oh
Yeah, we're meeting guys, huh? I'm gonna go get some down. I'm serious. What are we gonna do about it? Nothing nothing
They're feeding this crap. They're feeding us poison all the time the air that you breathe is poison the food that you read is poison
The water you drink has got all kinds of toxins in it and you know what we don't care anymore. They've worn us down
Good thing you can't smoke anywhere now. Yeah, that's right. They're saving us from ourselves
Got to see an amped in they smoke those those real real strong
You're a thing it's unfiltered. Oh my god no matter where you go
You just gagging and dying from the stench of that crap. I think people that smoke
There ought to be like a meter and if the cigarettes are over like a certain level of strength
You just ought to be able to shoot them right on the spot
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? That's our pool to be on the O Rogers dot com
We got 71 votes the votes are trickling in
Arnold the Gropinator elected governor of California 22
Rush Limbaugh drug addiction 19 Michael Jackson arrested only 14 wouldn't you think that would have been winning there
Kobe Bryant Rape especially after all those marks on his arm
Kobe Bryant Rape case 11 Martha Stewart insider training to Madonna and Britney's TV kiss to what's his name?
Mall by that tiger one and still no votes for Rosie O'Donnell's lawsuit or Paris Hilton sex tape
How can that be that nobody voted for the Paris Hilton sex tape? It was really green and she's ugly anyway
Skanky but her TV show is big. Yeah, no it's going over bigger than Mary Tyler Moore
I'm telling you right now that skanky scabby skinny ass bitch
Air France is grounding of three transatlantic flights over Christmas was a mistake based on FBI information in one case that
Confused the child's name with a suspected terrorist the Wall Street Journal Europe said today
Signing French officials the newspapers said the US federal Bureau of investigation gave French police on December 22nd
A list of six suspects names and information indicating militants linked to Alcada were planning to hijack an Air France jet wait to near this
French officials said that when French agents detained the passengers on the Paris to LA flights with names matching those on the list
Air France found the name matching that of the head of a Tunisian based terror group
Was the name of a child?
That's no excuse
Another so-called terrorist was a Welsh insurance agent while a third was an elderly Chinese woman who once ran a restaurant in Paris the newspaper said
The other three on the list were French citizens a
Sportswoman at the French Interior Ministry said only some names were checked out. They didn't correspond to the people. Oh
French officials cited in the newspapers had questioning in front of US transportation security administration officials
Revealed no sinister plots. It's enough to make you plot in it
Yeah
Asked about the newspaper report a source post a French investigating judges handling terror cases told roiders
It couldn't be true because US terrorism investigators had never given French authorities passenger names only flight numbers
The story just cannot be true
He said at no time to the west give us names. We never had the names of passengers
They just gave us a number of the flights. They believe were under threat
Does that make any sense to you? No
So we can't they can't even get their stories together, but I feel a lot safer now
With my man cow. I'm gonna walk everywhere
Let me say again in case you tune in late for all is in Chicago. So if you like to show a lot move there
If you hate us now like poison because you got himself fired move to Chicago
Well listen to for all with man cow. What did you tell me he's doing the traffic?
That's his official designation
Well, what does he do? They have a morning zoo thing where everybody just chimes in until man cow tells them to shut up
Right, so he's in there just going like yeah, we got like that a lot
A lot more power to him. I hope he's getting paid a lot of my nice God shot
I hope he's making a lot of cash and praise their next gig see this is the only guy the audience doesn't believe us
They think we're making this up. This is the only person I've ever met in the business who comes into a job and is is
Preparing from the very first day. He's already looking for another job because he's prepared to get himself canned
Am I right right? Well, he's smart that way
Well getting self-canned no preparing for another job because he's no easy. He's good
But the audience doesn't believe that because they never heard such a thing
But it happens to be true. I mean the first time that I met him actually pushed the push
He started telling me about wow this one
He was gonna get two other jobs in the market and he's gonna be doing this
He's ready to walk out the door and it's like you ought to have a revolving door
Right and work downstairs at the basement there
You ought to have a revolving door so that when he walks in you can just keep going walk right out
Don't get it. I never encountered that
But we wish him the best good luck. He's got you lead it and the audience loved you like crazy
They hate us like poison also. Thanks a lot. I don't I don't understand that maybe we'll get some colors today
We'll explain that to us although quite frankly all of those people are gone right right and then there's the other thing
Well, yeah, maybe it's a bunch of crap and he had nothing to do with this
with one the numbers
With that terrible and terrible month that we had in November by the audience turning us like poison because all your people got the diaries
All the Spicks got the diaries. Yeah, and the Nazis the Spicks is well see there you go again redundant redundant
Right wing. That's like saying right wing Spix and soft Florida and I don't want to say Spix because that's bad
I want to say Cuban Cubans no it is usually it was we have plenty of Spicks who are listening
We're not Cubans right would not only do they listen to the show but they'll admit it
They'll write it down all the Cubans are listening to they're just not gonna write it. They're just gonna lie about it
I don't know how would that mighty corn? We don't listen to him
And especially a coin of what Miguel tells me I mean, Aliun was bad enough that pissed him off a lot of them and just when we're starting to make a comeback
And this is your fault by doing her mind
Follow me because I never even heard of this disgusting monkey face bitch
I never heard a freaking senior cruise
I mean who the few who speaks English ever heard of senior fugen crews huh? Seriously whoever heard of that bitch
But now because it affected you're the one that started ripping her in ass and making a just an all out of salt on her and I
I have it a color a bull bike. Yeah, I didn't color a bull bike. I said she was a
Transvestite. She had a husband, you know. Did she really? Yes, she did. Wow
He's so just because we made a few comments like that because she was a talentless bitch right away
There is that Cuban segment of the community in Sanford again turning on us like poison with a venom seldom seen in history
So all of a sudden rush mates have been come back because now all the right wingers we got to go back to rush
We got to support rush man rush to look back on the air and he's under a lot of pressure from all over liberal comedy pinkos
See time jockey you're absolutely wrong
Tom wrote a column a couple of these before one on vacation and by the way seed line one still isn't work
It looks like it works, but it's a work. It's been working
It lights up is there somebody on there. Hello
Q.A.M.
Instead is a donail George been working not since I've been sitting my ass here
I'll see now. Sorry. You even see a line
No, no, no, no, you've spoken. It's you
Anyway, what's I just gonna say before you interrupted about you wrote an article two days before you
He was talking about rush limbaugh and about me and about how our listeners
It's not because of political philosophy in this and that it's because they have the entertainment factor
You're partly right Tom, but generally speaking you're wrong as usual
Because the ditto heads they'll follow a rush to the if it comes to find out that he murdered 15 people while he was doing a drug
Deal it doesn't make any difference
They're ditto heads man. Whatever he says whatever he does. It's okay with them. They'll come to his aid
But with the liberals, which isn't very few of us left
It's not that way at all because how many people have we got who really are liberal?
I don't listen to the show for that reason, but rush is the same thing is with the Fox News man the same crap those people that's a religion of them
They watch it 25 hours a day just like they listen to rush
So that's what we're up against every time there's a trend when the when your people when the cubanos and the red next get to die
We haven't got a trinement chance in hell no more
No
So that's just the way it goes plus you got for all fired
And local your sports radio 560
My pants don't pick real tight
Something is there, but it's really small
I look at them and you're so you look at me
And then you say something
You know
What it's a change to make you see that I'm a guy
Then I call your own
Na future
So we pretend to be friends
If I had some destiny close
But I never will
If I had some destiny close
I wouldn't sound like Kelly Park's son
A couple of destiny close
I would stand up when I'm be
If my baby is a boy
Maybe I have some real fans
If I had a couple of things they have
If I had some destiny close
If I had some destiny close
If I had some destiny close
10.24 at 5.60 WQM
Happy New Year to you
The audience seems a little bit on the sluggish side
When you agree with that
Oh yeah
I'm like all hungover still
Or maybe they're just getting ready for some more football
Some smash-mouth football
Or that next dolphin game
I'm sorry
5.607.0560
0.560 on AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
This is the year that we make another
We gotta start all over again, that's obvious
Greg keeps picking up the egg and breaking it on the ground
Let's speak of eggs
Guess what I watched in chronological order
I'm thinking
Momento
Oh in chronological order
I haven't done that yet
Yeah the Easter eggs
Anybody doesn't understand what that is
We didn't either until a few months ago
And somebody turned us on the website ex.com
I was at a friend's house and wound up watching it again
In the regular backwards order
No that's no good
That's no good at all
I'm ready to see it all in line
How's Teddy doing?
Oh I'll see him no more
Oh sorry I just ruined it for you
Guy Pierce is really good in that movie
He's very good
At any rate, so there you go
Momento if you go on an Easter eggs and
It's a little bit complicated but if you even an old fart
Like making figure out how to do it
You watch it in chronological order
The only thing is the credits still roll backward at the beginning
But it warns you of that when you read the Easter egg thing
I still understand why they do that
Why is it like everything has got to be a game
You know like all of us old farts like you and me
Right
Like the world has passed us by so all the punks they got
We got the secret code you know we cannot threat
We can get the good stuff
I'm struggling to keep up
And I'm just gave up
How many years ago?
I never caught up so why don't I even try now
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT
I want a woman collar on his phone
That's another reason that we're taking it up to pipe man
All these women at college show I say all of them all three of them
Oh you have so many women listers out there
You have no idea where they how are they okay
Where are they
Do they show up on a phone?
Do they show up in a rating?
Do they show up at your appearances?
No
When you go and do these bogus appearances like a little subtle
When you're the sandwiched guy
Oh no that's a bad example
The name of an appearance place where people actually do show up like a thug
Give me one, Harley
Okay how many women show up?
One, see, per appearance
And how many guys?
About 30
Oh that's seriously, so there are a bunch of guys show up and no women
We have no women on this show now
I can understand the sports segments of this station having a little or a no female audience
But what the hell happened here?
We used to do a two share consistently on IOD but then again that was IOD
And women?
We have no freaking women
No fugan women
And that's what most guys are looking for are fugan women
WDQAM?
Not there
WDQAM?
Hello?
We knew you're yes
A lady run off the van, how do you like that?
See I told you
Hello
Yes ma'am
Hi I'm going about your poll
Yes?
How come that difference is it on there?
That's all they talked about this year
We probably put that on there even though we're just ready to pass out from the both of them but then we'll put it on there
Alright
Thanks we don't have a great new year
Alright you do the same bye bye
Bye bye, I'll stick here to meet us, I'll stick here to Mad Cowus
Let's get that on there, okay? Can we do that?
Okay I'll tell Eric
Hey, hey, put Benifer on there
Yeah put Benifer on there Eric please
Do we want to put it that way Benifer?
I can't stand either one of those people
No, no, no
That bitch with her big, no
And I get it ass and him which he's
He is so freaking boring to wonder, Mad Damon dumped him for that guy that he's sewn together with
Would you watch that movie?
Well you're like Mad Damon anyway, do you like it?
No, no, no, no, no, what was the one movie you did like him in?
That I got him the other guy?
Huh? I forgot it wasn't the board identity because that's the one I didn't see
No, no, it was a movie he was really good where he was like really butched up a little bit
Not that he was there with Robin Williams
Was it some war movie?
No, it'll, it'll, it'll, okay I'll go find out, hang on a second
Alright
Guess what?
What?
It was a board identity, what's wrong with you?
I haven't seen that
It's very good, okay
First class passenger, tried to add her cockpit
A 31-year-old Tennessee man is in federal custody after trying to add him to the cockpit
You see we don't have to worry about terrorists
But we have to worry about our drunken Americans
That's what we need to be really concerned about
The crap on the food cart and things like that
31-year-old Tennessee man in federal custody after trying to enter the cockpit during an northwest airline flight from Detroit
Yesterday afternoon, Tennessee man, Tennessee man, how old was he?
About 30 man!
He probably thought cockpit meant something else
According to Department of Transportation spokesman Scott Isha Kawa
The incident occurred about two hours before flight 923 arrived in Honolulu
Isha Kawa said for a first class passenger tried to enter the pilot's area
The passenger was seduced by a female flight attendant who was assisted by two-optuity northwest employees
No weapons were used and nobody was injured
The FBI is investigating the case
Brandon Gabriel Rhymes was arrested when a flight landed in Honolulu around 2.30 in a p.m
It was taken to the federal detention center near the airport and charged with interfering with a flight crew
Maybe he was just a little bit inebriated, he was having some holiday cheer
You think could be?
Maybe because after all it was the 1st of January
We had little countertops on my flight back from Amsterdam
Arrived at the Leicester Pearson Airport in Toronto and when they opened the door up
All of a sudden there was a whole bunch of police on the other side
The Canadian Mounties or whatever the hell they were?
RCMPs
Now they were regular like police
They said everybody go back and sit down, get your passport ready
And so and so is John Francois Brown on the plane
What if it was his name?
And sure enough he was very brown
In fact he was darker than brown
And he looked a little like a guy
Like one of those guys that would say
Coke, ecstasy, viagra, one of those guys
And they hauled his ass off the plane
He imported himself very well, they came forward
Didn't set the bomb off and then we all got off
And I will tell you one thing man
There is anybody that has been traveling during the holidays
It's like an Inquisition now, at least it was here
You come on an international flight and they just about take your pantaloonies off
And to do a cavity search in a whole deal
They are just foaming at them off
They don't charge extra for that?
Huh? They don't charge extra for that cavity search?
No, it's free service
A Pittsburgh woman is being held without bond after allegedly attacking a federal air marshal
I'm Northwest Flight Airlines flight to Minnesota
The U.S. Attorney's Office has charged dawn Sunday
Isn't that a great name?
Wish I had that
Man, what a perfect name for like an actress
Don Sunde
Or after DON, Dalin Sunde
With a solding a federal officer and interfering with a flight crew
I wonder when this happened, you think it was about like dawn Sunday
The complaint alleges Sunday was intimidating past years on the flight yesterday and refusing to allow them
Inter out of the restroom
When an air marshal tried to calm her down
She allegedly became more belligerent and threatened to kill him
She was arrested after she allegedly hit and tried to choke the air marshal
Always a good idea
The air marshal says the woman later kicked him in the groin
When the flight arrived in the twincity
She allegedly tried to bite an airport officer and had to be tackled
Alright! What a pimp!
Probably pissed off about them uh, sealers no doubt
God! And there's more
There's more
But thank god we got that orange alert
I see that Tom Ridge up there and it just makes me feel so much more secure
Standing there like a wooden soldier
A Florida man who brought a box cutter aboard a plane leaving Sky Harbor International Airport on Sunday
Is that dawn Sunday?
Said he used the tool, he used this tool to cut out magazine articles and thought it was permissible to have it on board
Oh you moron! He's been
Peter Joseph in Florida
Ah
Peter Joseph Martin, 57, was escorted off the plane Sunday
After a passenger saw him pull the box cutter from his carry-on luggage
And placed it in the seat pocket in front of McCordon when Apat David filed in the US District Court in penis Arizona
He was charged Monday with carrying a dangerous weapon on the aircraft
Officials with the TSA said they're still trying to determine why the five-inch long box cutter with a three-inch blade
Wasn't detected by airport screening equipment
Can I tell you why I probably wasn't detected by airport screening equipment?
I don't want to make anybody feel dangerous or anything like that
Yeah
But the fact that it matter is when we went through uh, customs in Amsterdam, coming back here
They weren't even looking when they weren't looking when we walked through the uh, the uh, gizmo, the uh, metal detector
Right
They weren't looking, they were paying no attention and number two when the luggage went through the thing
They were talking about something, they were paying less than no attention
So if you want to go to Amsterdam and blow up that place, have a good time because they're not paying any attention at Skippel
Believe you may
Same kind of lax crap, you hold up your passport
Okay uh, you know, I'll stop the belief
Don't give hell
There's my two words in the Dutch by the way
Don't go to Amsterdam in December ever
In fact, I probably know I ever go to their period
It's just, it's so
It's a great idea, it's a great concept that's just gone awry
You know what I mean?
They've just been pushed too far
It's wonderful that they're all these freedoms
But when you let too many scumbags loose on the streets and you just have basic anarchy and slimingness and uh, uh, it's just sucks
So I guess you won't be using the L's apartment
No, no time to say
Anyway, in fact, Martin said getting back to this interview with the police
Martin admitted packing the box cutter on his carry-on luggage but said he wasn't aware it was prohibited on the aircraft
He must be a rocket scientist
He also said he didn't see the signs at Sky Harbor that said the item was prohibited
In fact, he said that before traveling the Phoenix from Florida for the Christmas holiday
He heard a radio interview with security administration representative stating that box cutters were no longer a prohibited item aboard the aircraft
Martin said he relied on that information when bringing the box cutter on the Northwest
Northwest you're having a lot of problems
You know what? Yeah. And guess what their partner is?
KLM
Oh, I just mentioned that
Another good reason they'll go to Amsterdam
You're going on Northwest slash KLM
5,6705,60
Pound 5,60 on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Line
Let's see, is this pulled, began at any moment?
I'm here, got 115 votes, not too good
Pretty slow
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003?
Did we get the Ben and JLo? It's honor
Arnold the Girl Upenator, elected governor of California 33
Are you haven't seen that JLo?
No, I did not. It would make you very upset
I'm a serious
It was so unacceptable, it was so inappropriate
It just, I still can't get over it. I'm thinking par for the course
How much more do you think you can take?
I'm on 133
Rush Limbaugh, drug addiction 31
Rush has got one
How about third man?
Michael Jackson, the rest 25
You think there's anybody who really believes that crap would
Those funny marks up on his arm there?
Yes, I think there are a lot of people
They show him coming out of the guide day after the
After the he was booked
And he's waving to the crowd, he's giving a V for victory sign
And doing a whole thing waving his arms around
So you didn't even have to be there
You didn't see 60 minutes piece with that Brad with it
He was doing that for his fans
Even though he was in severe pain
Right, and then he just happened to be going to Vegas
And doing the same thing and reaching out and grabbing everybody's hand
And shaking their hands and all this other crap out the window
Right, but he was in terrible pain
I say fry his little ass right now
I'm so sick of that
Did you hear the audio that they were playing the sheriff?
Oh yeah, yeah, sure
Overcomfortable, almost ejection
Oh yes, wonderful, wonderful
And seriously, stop and think about it
What kind of a 45 year old man?
I don't care what kind of a freak or a creep he is
What kind of a man talks like that
You know what I'm saying?
It's one thing if it's stick if it's a put-off
But he was really talking like that
And then he was like whistling like Remus
You know, maybe he had his testicles removed
So that he could keep seeing that
Jesus Christ
And then of course first they're saying that the whole thing about the nation of Islam was a lie
And then it turns out
Well, they're going to just be there to give him
And out of the family says they want to get rid of them
Because there are two nobody can get near him and see him
Oh brother
Anyway, Arles got 36
Biggest celebrity story of the year
Rochland-Boss Druggediction 32
Michael Jackson arrested 26
Kobe Bryant Rape Case 16
Maybe she didn't like that Kobe beef
Think that could have been it she didn't like his meat
Martha Stewart insider trading five
What's his name?
Horne Maldby Tiger III
Peris Hilton Sex Tape II
Madonna and Brittany's TV kids appear
Rosie and Ben-Ben-Ben-Ben-Low
But whatever their name is, thank God any yet, I'm 122
That's disrespectful
Poor Rosie can't get no respect
They hate you Rosie okay they just don't want to ever hear about you again
And your bulldy girlfriend all of those so near 85 kids
5670560
Pound 560 on a 8T and T as a matter of fact I got Mike Walker's drug
I got the new inquire of course
Jackson Brothers claim of police brutality bogus says Mike
Alright Mike says it in the inquire we believe it
Mike and Lowell
This is Sports Radio by City
You A-M
Friday you bastard
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look into startup
In 1984 Bob yelled off at a dream to raise money for famines trick in Africa
Soon he got a pile of eaglement icon musicians to care about something
Other than themselves for 10 minutes
And they created a nauseating ballot that got played so many times
We all practically hem-wrestled they were band-aid
Do they know it? Christmas time?
I remember saying to Mr. Geldolph
Bob I see what you are trying to do
But why such an insipid pussy little song
Simplabways president Robert Mugabe
I mean there won't be snow in Africa this Christmas time duh
And then that idiot Bono saying tonight thank god it's them instead of you
Thanks Bono see if I ever give you a bag of grain
Clearly Africa could think of better ways to be helped than by a bunch of losers with bad hair
But for the stars the recording session truly was about love and helping the world's unfortunate
Hey can one of you wankers from Spand out ballet get me another heavy arm water?
How f**king Simon love Bonn why don't you ask the f**k you rid mix
Yeah I eat me okay I thought the bloody human league was in charge of the heavy and water
Okay so I was working as a waitress in the cocktail bar that much is true
Tonight you'll also see shocking footage of what happened when George Michael, Boy George and Franky goes to Hollywood all went to the men's room together
And they they tried to make it about charity but hey they're f**king rock stars
It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight
On inside the bar amen puga mall it's 11.03.05.60 WQ I'm happy new year to you whether you like it or not
See one thing about softball tonight. What the hell is that?
Somebody been in your studio they have I can't believe it never happened before
Wait a moment please repeat thing behind the true Hollywood celebrity music but well that's a different one there's two of those on the disc
Uh oh this is Elmo and not that I wanted to play it but it's Elmo and the Pantsy
There's a little preview for you. Anyway it's 11.03.05.60 WQ I think we're out of business
I think Miss Fudge has got a good point. By the way Miss Fudge you can put it away now for a couple of minutes let it heal up
No 137 votes on a pool it's been on here for like well about 40 minutes
Pretty weak George sorry D week my fault no I think that it's it's our fault both of us for getting for all can right and for not being too political enough
Oh I'm speaking to be in political enough let me just suggest this to you I thought that when we captured Saddam remember that day
So now we were so much safer because there was that terrorist threat and now we had Saddam and the world was so much safer
Have it as horrible dictator this butcher. They used to be our buddy right then all of a sudden just days after where we get the orange alert
And I'm seeing on the news now is that several air france flights coming into the US airspace coming to the US are getting F-16
Escorts wars over troops are home nobody's dying over there and another dead American soldier a chopper was shot down by uh
uh by insurgents posing as journalists near Faluja you know at least one more dead soldier today every day we got people dying every single day
But I don't want to get too political because you know like you are like we said it's preaching to the choir
Just on the face of it the idea that you can look at L. Presonetti and I read there was a discussion panel on BBC
And into the your discussion about the news and about the events of the year and they referred to George W. Bush as a mental defective
Mental defective and I said to myself oh wow I must be watching the BBC a maybe a little mild birthday
Can you even imagine anybody saying that on American TV calling the president a mental defective just because it's true right
But anyway we got 142 votes on here is pretty weak that means the audience is gone we're out of business okay
Which is perfect for this log that they were having to go out of business sale ice gone screw in
You slut you bitch you whore
Fugia
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003 the group and ate a elected governor of California 43
Getting that great introduction from Jay Olino rush limbaugh's drug addiction 35 Michael Jackson arrested has got
Fought third man Kobe Bryant rate case only 16 so I guess it's a three-way battle Martha Stewart insider trading six Roy Horn maled by
Tiger four Paris Hilton six states got three then in J. Lo Wedding and quotes wedding three
Madonna and Britney TV kiss two and Rosio Donnell lawsuit none I like that I like that don't vote for Rosio
Okay, don't break the spell it's like I'm no serious. I like the audience is sending that picture message
We don't want to hear about you no more rosy. We can't stand you enough of you already just go away
Nobody Q. I.M.
Happy New Year. Yeah, sir. What about the article from the Commission be highly a police officer's not post-pushed ring
What about it? How about that your poll?
That was a celebrity news story
I thought that was a South date anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're still waiting for that one by the way. It's coming. It's coming
City links running to be special on and after they write about for all with bank cow
I we we should begin of course we won't be getting because all those people are gone. They hate us like poison now
All those people that turn us off and are turning against us because for well got them self-can
I think we need to hear from them. Don't you okay, but they're gone
Well, even if they're gone they'll come back for a little while just long enough to call you know how that goes like people to call and say they aren't listening anyway
But they'll call them to bitch your ass out because it's a South photo if you've been way told you you shouldn't have fired him
The more I think about it the more it really frosts my ass because I begged him on the year off the year
I did everything I pleaded yeah, this is a man you cannot talk to you can't have a rational conversation
It just goes on a whole time. I think it's stick. I think it's a radio thing. It's just it just never ends and he'll walk out talking as he's going down the hall finishing the conversation
You know just whatever you said you're wrong and he's right and like that and it's it you cannot penetrate that skull
By the way, how's Scott Jr. doing fine? He did all those van hits helped us raise a lot of money Scott you you missed out when you were on vacation
I heard all the news of man hits for us, but he kept it himself lost all the time. Yeah, he sent a compass a road map at a search party and he still couldn't find it
WDQ I'm happy new year. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I've been thinking about you. You've been out of town haven't you? Yes, I want I got a movie for you. Okay. It's called Lantana
Have you ever heard of it? Lantana? Lantana just like the city up in Palm Beach County. I'll be damned. What's it about?
It's got a little bit of everything in it
It'd be hard for me to explain to you what it's about, but I think you'd like it it's similar to Magnolia on a little bit different scale. Oh, I love that. Yeah, I think you ought to try to find that I think it's about
Less than 10 years old. It's not a new movie. Anybody in it that we know
I don't think so. That's good. Oh wait, it's a movie from Australia. I'll tell you that everybody's Australian in it. Well nothing's perfect. Go hell keep my appeal for it.
I'll tell you that. You too. Lantana ever see it? No, I've been there though. Yeah. You don't want to go there. No, every age is 100 plus 10. Oh, and finally Florida comes into the out of the dark ages into the almost enlightenment.
Would that thing about drivers over 80 when they get their license? We knew they're going to have to have a vision test. You see that? Yes. So 7 yields mother. Oh, that's less than a
560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's see by about 1120. If we don't have 200 votes on here, that's going to be a real message. You know what?
Because that'll be about an hour since we had the poll on it. We got 157. Now we're never going to get a 200 by 1120. Are we? Yes, yes, we will. We will. Yeah. I don't think so. That's only 11 minutes away. That would be like nine. Let's see 11 times 43 like about 4 votes a minute. I don't think it's going to happen.
So that's the bad news. We're starting off the new year. 2000. We wanted to listen more in 2004 to QA and but I don't think it's going to happen yet. I think when we get the billboards up there and we get Greg Reed running around with that sandwich board, I'm linking roadball and in Miami Lake. I think that's going to do it.
When we get for all back. I just sit back and I watch and I don't know whether to laugh or cry and watch the way that Greg Reed continues dick in this radio station. And you'll notice it's always everybody else who has to take the fall. You know what I'm saying?
I was thinking about that yesterday. Every this one's getting suspended. This one's getting canned. This one's getting their feet held up the fire. But because of the fact he's part owned where they are the station there, they just let him get away with bloody murder there and keep butchering us up.
Even the people that God, they mad cow crap out there. Never saw butchering going on like this like he's done to us. Thanks a lot, Greg. That's one of my new years resolutions. Okay. It's to get a Greg Reed voodoo and stick it in a lot.
You think he's a microsexual? He does wear nice suits but he has crappy haircut. He always looks like he just caught out of the sack. In fact, probably usually because he did.
Metro sexual. That's one of the words that they say they want to Schmidt can this year. Good. Did you see the list of words? No, I got it. I got some heavy duty crap, but I want to get in thousands and thousands of calls because I feel like alienated from South Florida. You know, I'll be out of here.
I love you love. Yeah, can't you feel the love? Can't you feel it? Huh? You can almost squeeze it. W.A.M. Happy New Year. Stop reading it's boring. No, okay. He's still with us. Thank God. I'm not seeing now. I feel a little bit better. He's still with us. W.A.M. Happy New Year. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Happy New Year. I'm seeing you.
Two things while you were gone, which are, which are proves your theory. First one. First one is that every 15 minutes every segment, some Holy, I would call one of the sports as an ask of Miss Fudge. Rodriguez cut a bad deal by not signing with the Marlin. I mean, it's unbelievable. Yeah. They're all running around standing. We impact all of them are going.
About 30 minutes. I trained them in every 15 minutes. Somebody would ask the same question like like I'd like that men anything like a me like a guy's got 50 million dollars in the bank and open the everybody saying poor Fudge. Right. It's unreal. I'm worried about Miss Fudge. And the other thing is to be Toronto. Panthers came the other night. Obviously, you four four tie. Yeah, the four four. Now we were subjected to a river and pop stand down here. Yeah, the obvious is one of the
best games of the year. It was just up and down as a great game. These guys had a sell out for that game in a room where I'm hearing is that most of the people are relief fans, but anyway, going. Well, he's been really much up saying it's almost capacity, not sell out. He said almost we got an almost capacity crowd. Yeah, but these guys instead of announcing the game, they talk about stories every period for 15 minutes. I hate that. It's ridiculous. You can't watch the game with these guys. They don't even announce that.
What's going on? He just felt glad that they either did all of a sudden go. There's a shy. I mean, you know, I don't what do you do? I mean sliding it around into the near corner, but they're out there quickly by Morrison. He can't get it.
Three. Oh, here's Tucker along the boards with no one getting it. Listen to Joe Bowen doing the game for the leaves. That's what you do. Yeah, well, you can't get it down here. What do you go? You're going to come to Toronto. Come to Toronto. I'm watching the game in an hour right now on Leafs TV.
See what I'm saying? I think you got announced the game yourself. Okay. I'm going to impact. I think I'm going to take James Jodd next year. Might as well have something to do. No, no, I'm just saying like everybody who just turned the sound down and just announced it yourself. It makes it a whole lot better. Okay. Thanks, Neil. And have a great new year. Happy to hear.
Okay. Leafs are going in a little bit of a funk now. We don't want to talk too much hockey because that would be sports. But of course it figured they had that 17 games. Three. What was it? How many points George? Oh, I don't know about 33 out of 34 points. Something like that. Fantastic.
Speaking in a half to lose a couple of years now. And of course, people are starting to panic and get nervous again. Just the way it goes. Hey, let's see. You think we're going to get those 200 votes in an hour. It's still is going to be pretty weak. We got six minutes and 27 votes to go. I don't think it's going to happen. It'll happen. We got 173.
We're counting on you. My life. I love.
Our David's a bitch. You asshole. Even though the ex-wife of record producer Phil Spector said nothing but mean hateful things for the past 29 years.
The former run that has apparently changed her to. Oh child. I mean to tell you this is a good man.
Even though he beat me with an inch of my life. When it's Chuck Taylor, can't but I talk to my.
That's a good. I don't believe he killed anybody. At least I weighed on purpose. But away I'll be a parent of the lake.
I'll be singing be my baby. Be my little baby.
Oh child. I still got the pipes. It's a charity show to benefit me. And of course this was for the children.
There's a pretty good chance my friend any money may swing by the LTI to take me home tonight.
I scared my tail for my marvelous boys. Anyway, these charges against my ex husband is for.
Home. Come. For where?
Sure he tried to kill me once, but not by his own self. He hired a kill man. That's totally different.
We had a disagreement about me wanting to eat pixie sticks instead of sour skittles down in the basement.
And he threw off the hammer and hired a kill man. I was bruised but not died. In conclusions, let me say this.
Fail spectra of the innocent man until not proven innocent by a jury of 12 people who don't like his two pay.
I blame Palmer Cotney's for this incident for putting out the naked album and taking all the hard work by my ex-spill leaving it off the record down on the floor.
That caca that poo poo and it drove him to the killing that he didn't do. I must go back to my goal.
Ronnie Spector's opinion is not necessarily reflect those of any right-thinking person medication during the interview provided by Bristol Meyer Squib.
Don't let me forget to stop that manually because it's going to go under the next cut. Stop it. Stop it now. Oh, we didn't do it. I guess I fixed it.
Okay, 1119 at 560 WQM. We got a minute to go. We're not going to do 17 votes in a minute on that pool. We've lost it, man. We're done. Bye-bye.
The party's over, baby. Miss Fudge is right. He's got his thumb right on it. All or not. They won't refresh. Okay. Maybe there's a little, huh? I'm overloading it. Obviously.
Now, 185 and it's 1120. Still short. Still short. 185. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Arnold the Gropanator, Reluctant Governor of California, 57.
Russell Limbaugh, drug addiction, 47. Michael Jackson, arrested, 35. Boy, you talk about spin. You know who really makes me want to just scream. Who makes you want to just scream?
One of the creepiest and the most slimy people I've ever seen in my life is that Mark Garibald. What a slime ball. He doesn't need look like the cheesy slimy attorney that you'd find like in about a $500 a month broom closet office. Right. The utility room office. Right.
Michael Jackson, arrested only 35. Kobe Bryant, rape case 23. Martha Stewart, insider trading seven. Roy Horn, malled by Tiger. Roy.
Purysholtan, sex tape for Madonna, Britney, TV kits for Ben and JLo wedding three and Rosie O'Donnell lawsuit. Somebody in, you know, I said don't do it. So they did somebody voted for it. It's got one shame on you out of 185 votes. Can you believe we couldn't even come out close to 200 in an hour? Embarrassing.
That is our believable George. 191 were just nine shy. 5 6 7 0 5 60 if you just wouldn't have gotten for all can. I know.
You would all your drug induced assholes around there.
Pound 560 on the 18 and see more specific and Verizon. No, I'm not going to be more specific. He always was. That was part of his problem. WQM, happy new year. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. What happened to join Mark? She would come on in the morning. I think they left town. They left out Mark out of divorce. And I think he and Joe are loapt. They're still on.
I'm going to come on. I have to go to five in the morning Monday through Friday. I'll be on vacation. Oh, they've been on vacation. Well, listen, we're all screwing off for the holidays. They'll be back on Sunday night.
Sunday night Monday morning. 5 an a.m. All right. They're going to turn it off at five. Whatever you do though. Okay. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. What? Well, he pulled that crap with us. I think I think turn around his hair. Play. Maybe that's what happened.
Isn't that what Peter Marshall always used to say on a Hollywood squares turn about his fair play. Something like that. I don't know why he said that, but that's what he used to say for Peter Marshall.
Man, I bet he's about a hundred years old now. Don't you hate it when they bring back those people that you haven't seen in 30, 40 years? Yeah, that's good. Man. And then you see them and say, Oh, my God, they look old. Nice. Be feel better. Like when I saw Martin Landau last night, I would Larry King on a James Dean thing. Don't let me forget on Monday. That'll be a great pull to take.
Which which performer of all we never did this poll. I'm sure of it. Which performer of all time is the most overrated. I'm voting for James Dean. Okay.
Well, I can't vote for James Dean because Frank Sinatra. There can you imagine the list? It'll be a list. It'll be a gigantic list. We can build it. We can squeeze it. We can pile it on. But James Dean. I mean, he was okay. You know, I don't think that there was anything great about giant. In fact, Liz Taylor said she saw it. It wasn't so giant after all.
Return back to Eden. Where he's to be. Up your Eden. We're busy. Eden. There was the other one. Rebel without a car. There was just three movies. That was it.
I did a bunch of live TV there on Alcoa theater, what a studio. One, whatever those live shows used to be. I mean, he was okay. But they carry on about him. If you would, if anybody in this audience saw it last night, the panel they had on just emoting about how rock and roll was a result of James Dean.
Elvis Presley came along and recorded a heartbreak hotel in February of 56. The only problem with that being is that heartbreak hotel wasn't Elvis Presley's first hit. How do you like that?
Well, son records was making all him a hillbilly stuff with Elvis before anybody ever hurried. I mean, they heard of James Dean. But what does that have to do with the price of penis? It's just amazing. Our actor certain people die. And they pointed out that he is still while they leading dead money makers in the world.
James Dean T. Sherrodson posters and all this other crap just pouring in the cash even though they put what they put shows in there like that. Maybe Larry's getting a cut of that or something like that. Probably.
Did we make the 200 votes yet? Oh, two oh two. So we're like four minutes late. Four minutes late, George. Mark it down.
Jackson Brothers claim of police brutality bogus rights. Mike Walker in the inquire this week. He says, germane Jackson shut up.
Despite your bizarre claim that Santa Barbara cops you label racist red next roughed up brother Michael. Nobody laid a glove on the glove one my inside sources insist. And guess what, Mike? You are.
Absolutely correct. Remember on the only journalist who's reported details of the booking procedure. Michael describing his eye color as chocolate, for example, and my sources sneer at your charge that he was very much mistreated physically.
In fact, they say Michael was so grateful for respectful treatment. He had an assistant to deliver autograph photos of himself complete with holiday greetings to the booking officers, which annoyed his lawyer, no end I hear that's slimy. Mark Garagos.
My sources also say Michael can't stand you germane and really speak to you. You distemiers ago with your notorious song word to the bed sniping at bros plastic surgery and witness you were bold once you were made you changed your shade was your color wrong could not turn back. It's a known fact you were too far gone. Well, I like that. Don't you? I like it. Read it again. Once you were made you change your shade was your color wrong could not turn back. It's an own fact you were too far gone.
At the time germane you call that an attempt to heal our relationship are today's outrageous lies your latest pathetic stab at healing your main and is it your main to the case.
Nice going like Walker. I love the inquire man and to me if I had only one publication to read to find out what was going on and more other than political stuff right.
Because we don't want to do no political stuff because it's just like you said is not what you said preaching the choir will put all the political stuff you'll ever need to read on our website for people that I could larger than the thumbnail.
Other than that we just want to have a good time here on this show that's all we're going back to basics were scrapping all of that crap were scrapping a crap right right going back to basics like the inquiry gives some good meaty juicy stuff that's what the public wants.
They don't want all these high fluten stories about Neil Bush all the way to have one.
Okay. It was off one of your bedtime stories. George may have done a mediocre show while I was on vacation but he sure did a great job of those bedtime stories which is a lot more important.
Guess what city is the murder capital of the U.S. now. I give up in 2003 with 599 homicides guess what city it is my it's not Miami.
No Washington DC. No New York. No LA. No. I give up. Come on keep going Seattle. Let me give you a clue for us working here now Chicago.
I'm under the bed. I never served in arm and I'm too afraid to fight so I sit right here near the TV far from liberal life under the covers you'll discover.
I'm a big city. There would prefer to have some other do the fighting for me now this country I love is hockey.
I rock and all the suckers like me whose nicks are bread in the back have our tongues all placed firmly in bushes big brown.
I the big mouth towers of the world who gladly follow. Hey Uncle Sam up to a parade.
I'm a big fire in this but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist and my flag will fly from the back of my truck.
I can idiotic. You know patriotic. And my view of the whole right world is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah I'm an armchair warrior. You know it's better than you.
I'm an in bread jerk who parrots anything they say don't have to read or research it's so much easier this way to watch TV or look at pictures.
I wish I could with my finger of my as I tickle my brain.
I'm going to have to a parade to fight or enlist but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist as I lower my flag.
So I can pull out my hood to proudly show the swatz to protect you.
Sounds like Joe Rosen W got to get it. 1132 speaking of porn your putt I guess how many times miss fudge came during that first hour and a half of the show today.
Keep a well on it man. Keep well on that thing baby. It'll hear lots someday.
216 votes man that's really sad we got a lot of work to do in the new year we got to do a lot more in 2004 more what crap.
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line have any women call in to say a happy new year yet. No. No. No. No one we had one lady who had a suggestion for the polls she was okay.
She started like a hoolie yet to me but other than that no women. WQM happy new year. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning sir. Top of the morning to you. No more in 2004. I like it. Yeah. All right. No more in 2004.
Absolutely. Sounds good to me. Got a nice ring to it don't it. No more with no thoughts. Let's say that's a germane. Jackson they can put it to music.
5670560. They can't if I have to see more cows falling down. I just can't take it no more man on a continuous loop. I can't get the image out of my head. I don't want to keep seeing cows poor cows disease sick week cows falling down and then hear about the the downer cows.
I mean how how dare you prevent us from selling those downer cows and you know show that in your post. It's a downer to watch it. Jesus Christ. I mean just talk about neuronic repetition.
Seriously I think everybody would just drop their TV said never going to happen. I don't want to be first. I'm not going to.
But just throw it out. Throw that dancing out the window. The world would be so much better of a place. I mean you know the choices you got like an Amsterdam you got like a CNN nobody wants to see that BBC which after the first couple of hours gets a little on the dry side.
It's like a halva little to dry and then you can turn out like the National Geographic and watching animals eating other animals and that's about it.
And a bunch of stuff in Dutch that nobody understands. 5670560.560 on the AT&T and for why is the wireless line don't forget Michael Jackson on CBS tonight.
I miss it if you can. It's just it's so scandalous. It's so freaking outrageous and nobody cares. That's the thing that somebody called I think was the show before I went on vacation the last Friday.
And the guy said to me said well I love your show but you always sound very angry. You always sound angry. And I said I'm not angry but I take that back. You're right pal. I'm angry. I'm pissed off.
It's a chance to vent that's what the show is all about anyway. It's a chance to vent like that. You know give it back to where we're getting.
Right. But it's just so frustrating as hell. I don't think the word is anger. It's frustration that there are so many stupid ass people out there and the media is so god they're irresponsible.
And they'll do whatever it really wants just to make a buck. Unlike us at QM. The show today. It was a public service by the way.
Because you have an owner. All trade all night. I'm going screw and she's really on top of it and she ever gets off. She might get some work done. Her book by the way is put. She put what's his name to shame.
Bill Riley and the Hillary all of them. Adele Frank Al Franken put him all to shame more one in the stink and one in the pink. He's just kicking ass is what I'm hearing.
How about you QM having a new year? Hey Neil. Yes sir. I have a question for you and then I have a comment. Okay go right ahead. All right.
Question is do you believe that alkyd has still presents a threat to the US and will continue to try and attack us again? Of course.
Okay. All right. Second question. This is my comment that I have one more. All right. The second one is. Do you as an American citizen?
Would you feel more secure with president Bush or with a democratic president regarding the security of the United States?
Why would you why because the democratic president wouldn't wouldn't be carrying out this policy of preemptive wars and getting the rest of the world to hate us. That's the main reason why.
Yeah, but these guys are ready. Hey, we can't stop that. Well, let me ask you this. I don't want to get dragged on this thing about alkyd. But what did Iraq? What did attacking Iraq and capturing?
So I'm saying if that like I said before if that made us safer, how come around or orange alert? Everybody's crappin in their pants? Well, I hear what I think about Iraq. The real reason we went in there. Yeah, I think it was a while. I think it. No, I think the real reason we went in there was it was payback. It was we went into the heart of the Arab world said you are not going to destroy our way of life. Tom Tom Friedman.
Oh, he meant an asshole man. I don't want to hear about Tom Friedman. Have a nice day. Okay. Tom Friedman's an idiot. They're going to hate us. So therefore let's kill them all. Yeah, let's let's get even with the Arab world. Okay. So in other words, if somebody comes and you know shoots your whole family God forbid and blows their brains out. Let's just go get even with somebody. So let's go out in the streets and blow about your people that look like them away. Okay. It's not the right one. But these people look very much like the ones that came to my house and blew my family away. So let's just go shoot them. What kind of ironic thinking is that?
Tom Friedman's an idiot. God almighty. I wouldn't read a Tom Friedman article on or off the air if you paid me a $50 award. No chance. Maybe a hundred. Oh, there's candy. Crowley. Man, if she gets any goddamn fatter, everybody's going to have to get a wide screen. Can you believe her? Oh, and here's Julie Lieberman campaigning with college football fans.
I'm sure sports bars where fans gathered to watch. Let's get him on QA. After all, we got a sports bar with a microphone. Let's get the Julie Lieberman on there. We got a lot of Jews already.
This with police officers and first responders. Wesley Clark. Boy, it's pretty sad. You hit it right on the head before the show. We were discussing how we're dean.
Howard Dean is getting attacked by all the other democratic candidates because he's got the guts, the balls to rip, push and ask that he deserves. Okay.
And most of these other candidates, including one they got on CNN right now, this dick, get heart. This is a dick. Much of pansies, man. Much of cowards, which is why all these people are dying every single day for no reason at all based on a pile pack of lies.
So they can knock Howard Dean all they want. He's got more. He's got more balls in one testicle. He's got more cajonis than these guys. I'll ever have the whole bottom put together.
Except Al Sharpton. We know about him. Not a shame that Al Sharpton such an asshole. Cause he's good. He's a good talker. Right. He talks to a good game. And then of course that he realises him. Well, there's what he else and doing his new anti a war song.
We'll give the first and a Cousinage benefit. There's another guy we liked. And it's Cousinage. He just got a bad hair piece. 225 votes. Like I said, this is sad, George. This is a bad old man, man. This is weak.
I come back here full of piss and vinegar ready to kick some ass. And this is like holy crap. What are we doing here? Do we have any audience left at all? Is there anybody alive in that town? See, what is this story today? And I realize I don't know what they it is. It definitely doesn't feel like Friday. Okay. Right. It's on by way sunny and 46 today and sunny and 52 tomorrow. Toronto. That's going to be cold as hell. That's just for a podcast or no. Oh, I'm speaking to take it up the ass. They took a big hit in that November trend too. What does that tell you? I don't know. And that's because you're a big fan of the city. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm
not sure.
Bush which we got that story which I might get to or not as the case may be.
The old Bush's foreign business deals draw the spotlight, roll of presidents, brother
and transactions detailed, and documents tied to divorce.
Earned nearly $1.4 million in 2000 nearly half of it came from simply introducing the executives
of a Thailand-based conglomerate to the executives of a U.S. company that makes computer components
even though it has known often about it.
$1.4 million.
Wow.
What did I say before you were on vacation?
I'll say it again.
I'll say it every guy at the end of the crookedest family in the history of the U.S.
Forget about the Rockefellers, forget about the Kennedys, forget about anybody else.
Get the Bush old man.
The Bush family is the biggest bunch of crooks that ever came down the pike.
Okay?
And this guy can give me a solid an answer about how he feels a lot safer from Al-Qaeda.
How come we're not, if we did such a great job on Al-Qaeda, how come everybody like I
said to him is crafting their pants now and we're worried about getting on an airplane and
we're worried about whether they go to a football game or not?
Oh, they're all the same.
You know, all the other guys.
Yeah.
Because we wasted over $100 billion with a mindless war with a preemptive, so-called preemptive
war and a tag against Iraq, which had nothing to do with the price of peanuts or anything
else.
But you know, we had to get even with Sodom.
That was a little part of it there because he threatened Daddy's life.
That was a little, little teeny part of it.
Plus, OIL and MOA.
And isn't that something now that the war must start to turn a little bit, then Halaburt
and Lawson were those contracts because even a Pentagon said, well, this is a little
too embarrassing for us.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
You're also that article about George Schultz and Bechtel that you had on it.
George had some great bedtime stories on our website.
Thank you.
I slaved.
No, they were good.
Not too many, but I tried to go for quality.
230 votes on a pool.
Not too many.
But it was a little too small.
238.
Well, we're going for quality though.
We're getting quality votes on our website.
That's right.
On our pool.
I mean, we can get, you know, 1500 votes a day like we usually do.
But who now wants that?
Because there'll be 1500 crappy votes.
We want quality votes on a website.
It's worth a gold.
We get a one share, but next to it, when a book comes out, by the way, January 16th,
1 o'clock market down.
It did.
That's when the fall book comes out.
And that's where we're going to, and Beest had one good line.
He said, we're going to call it on this show at any rate, the fall book.
Because we're going to take a big hit.
And you know something, Ms. Fudge, the checks still coming in.
They still clear to bank.
And you're still sitting.
See, Matt Fudge is one thing.
You know what he is besides an asshole in a self-hating faggot?
David Brock with no balls.
We're supporting you 5cc, QAM.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
We say 9 or 11 is what they've got you to do to me.
Can't get any  !
But I won't stop you drinking.
Get with me !
You being with me !
what does say it's  les dfais ?
Like they call it !
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Running 46-14, till now, we got a
clearance coming along. Clairons. Curtis- whatever
his name is. Fertis for the man dogg. How come I'm hearing this echo the race, is there
any special reason for that? Is there something like a little reverSI. No. Huh? No? I like it though, it sounds like W A V C little bit without the audience. Blakes why if you're gonna love this story?
I saved this juice for you, Blakes why if branded as cocaine smuggler.
Oh, right!
Or you want to see the picture for any Quirer page 8 in this week's inquirer the January 6th issue?
Yeah, man. What I'll put him on her. She looks as nasty and sir. She looks a little bit like Glenn Campbell in that
DIY photo. Yeah
In fact, she looks a lot like Glenn Campbell a little bit he looked better. A
New development is emerged in the Robert Blake murder case. His defense team will claim that the actors slaying wife
Finally, baked Lee was the cocaine smuggler and drug dealer. How do you like that wouldn't doubt it? She was a blackmailer
That fucking bitch exactly
Blakes the term of attorney Thomas Messero, Jr
We'll try to show that this woman was not just a two-bit lonely heart scam artist
But also a narcotics dealer and that what could have brought her about that?
That's what could have brought about her demise as her supposed the defense revealed
It's always a drug deal. You know like with OJ and the what's your name Nicole?
Deportedly made that she could have been killed or in a hit because of the risky business she was in
Messer over with reduced evidence that the February trial to show that she was a cocaine dealer right up to the point of her death
Even while she was living on Blake's property
I didn't put the Blake thing on the elistir because that was wasn't that from the previous year. I don't even remember
I'm a Tatus
No, but it would have been on air if it was a lie. I think it was a two thousand and two deal
Messer over with reduced evidence said to show she was a cocaine dealer right up to the point of her death
Even while she was living on Blake's property surprise witnesses are gonna be called will say she went to Florida
Drugs in Florida can't believe that South America and the Caribbean on illegal business
The witnesses will give evidence. She smuggled cocaine into the West distributed and sold it
The defense will call witnesses to show she made these international flights
Why she made them and the false names? She used to do her deals and
And it's doubly important because the prosecution is planning to say that Blake had one point wanted to plant drugs and Bonnie
So she'd be arrested and out of his hair
But the defense will try to show he didn't need to do that because she was a drug dealer herself
Bonnie was once arrested in connection with drugs back in 2001 during an early investigation into her death by the inquiry
Bonnie's ex-husband Paul Gauron said in an exclusive interview
I do know that when she was arrested holding drugs. She told the police. She was holding them for a celebrity
That was girely Lewis and his six-year-old bride
Bonnie's drug connection was briefly mentioned in Blake's preliminary court hearing under cross examination
In detective in the case acknowledged that police did not investigate Bonnie's alleged link to drug dealers
Detective Brian Tindle was cross-examined about his testimony regarding what Blake had allegedly said to his former personal assistant about his wife's
Shady associations his wife Shady asked
Oceations
According to detective Tindle Blake's ex-assistant Cody Blackwell told him that Blake had described
Or as the scum of the earth and that she associated with bikers drug dealers and tattoo people. Oh my god
There's nothing I can't stand less worse
Huh more less man as much like those jack-off parties at the stable master on the root of gasoline and Amsterdam with all those bikers
man all those tattoo people. Oh fat
Also the preliminary over here at the here at Tindle reportedly testified that Bonnie's son Glenn Geron
Ligely found drugs and Bonnie's car in Tennessee the inquiries learned that Blake's defences list of four
745 witnesses who could potentially be called at the trial 745
Wow
Among the names that are some celebrity pals a Blake will be called his character witnesses including Anthony Hopkins this Jackie Casey
Case him and his wife Jean all-time actors Jean Simmons and veteran comic mortg saw was he's still alive? Oh
There's a website
Well better alive who's who's dead and who's not yeah, I forgot what it is
Do you remember buddy Hackett dying? Yeah, I don't remember that sure
I remember look somewhere here
I clipped out a thing from the inquiries got a horror from the star I guess from the tabloid
About all the people the famous people have died in 2003 and June buddy Hackett died
He was fat
Mm-hmm the prosecutors introduced its witness list of 164 names during a hearing held December 5th among the names
On the list obtained by the inquiries Norma Bass mother of Bo Dirk and widow of Bobby bass
What a house Bobby bass I don't know well the inquiries reported that Bobby who was a stunt man was among several Hollywood
Stumman Blake allegedly approached as a potential hitman to kill body there you go
The prosecution list includes Blake's daughter Delilah no Delina
Well, what what the hell is happening to names anymore, you know, what are these names?
Neda the line up who is a custody of Blake and Bonnie's baby and several members of bodies family including your sister Marjorie
Bacley that spelled ma r g e r y
Marjorie Bacley has been Paul Garon and Bonnie's children glad in the Hollywood rod
Also on a prosecution witness list is inquired reporter John Blossor now an editor who was involved in obtaining blockbuster audio tapes made by Bonnie of Blake threatening her
Which have since been introduced by prosecutors in the case stay tuned for more nobody cares about that you're right
She had to time it was seemed pretty exciting, but now that we got all the other stuff you got Lacey and Scott anybody care about that?
Got Michael
But they don't care about Michael that much at least not our crowd
260 votes but 260 votes in an hour and a half that is scandalous
Do you have any idea I think we ought to turn the transmitter off and save the juice?
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003 Arnold the group and a to reluctant governor of California 78?
Rush Limbaugh drug addiction 75 Michael Jackson arrested only 50 see I would have thought it'd be much more than that
Come be right rate case. He's got exactly
Martha Stewart insider trading 10 Madonna and Britney's TV kids 5 Paracelton sex tape 4
Roy Horan Maul by Tiger 4 for
Ben and J. Lo so-called wedding 3 and Rosio Donald with her lawsuit still stuck there on one one big lonely one
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Now that thing we had yesterday about listening a lot more in 2004. I thought that was a good idea
Yeah, it was yours. That was my suggestion for the pull Morton Eel in 2004 and of course a lot less to
Somebody we were violence by what you say Barry Jackas
We'll talk about whatever we want to talk about on a show Barry Jackas
You're not the guy. They're my program director
You're not the one putting words or anything else in our mouth. Okay, and by the way quickly and then below any sandwiches
It stinks like hell are at the herald
His mommy still grabs into work every day. Do you know that and dresses it with a brown bag dresses him every day with a little boat
Time and bust a brown shoes. You look really classy Barry make me look good
WDQM happy new year
Happy New Year
This is your own show. Yes, sir. It sounds like me. Oh
I want to give thanks to George. I've basically been doing great jobs as you've been gone
Right I hear it in a sensational job
He has been doing a sensational job. I think it was so good. He ought to have like another month at least don't you
Another couple of weeks anyway. Let me recharge my batteries in my old age. You're charged up. Yeah charge this go ahead, sir
Well, basically I just want to say comment if Bush was a Democrat
The Republicans of what this had on the bottom right that's right
Okay, and not only that but if you think to what that guy said before since they've already told us al-Qaeda and the terrorists
This is a war that's gonna last all of our lifetime if that's the case
Why bother having an election? Why not just make Bush the dictator the emperor?
Okay, we love that but I mean that's besides the point
If the only thing that I can figure out is like the Republicans you should have a branch believe or a target
They're actually pretty decent guy haven't heard anything from them regardless of this whole problem
Yeah, it's a shame, but hey, you know, I may be joining you in Canada next year if
It's what you win again, so
Hopefully he won't but see it the border a
Yeah, okay bring some smoke meat five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and the eighteen then don't forget if anything
Bad happens. It's Canada's fault. It's right. You got a sick cow. We done it. That's right
So now I was no less all informers in Alberta all in Yahoo's now
Well you watch the South Park movie you got the sniffles which South Park movie the only the one in only South Park movie
Oh South Park the movie. Yeah, it's only it's all about the name Laming Canada. Oh really? Yeah, I'm gonna go out and get it today
How do you like that you will die of laughter? I love South Park? I just I don't know
I don't know
Dead it's all about censorship and language and Canada. Oh, and guess what book
I read on the plane coming back or read the whole book
T.V. Nation Michael. No, it was it was about the TV show. I mean it certainly wasn't his best work, but it was about the whole
TV show and what they didn't how they didn't why they did it was it was very amusing as usual and
He also said because there a bunch of assholes. That's why he wrote it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT. I got a whole different attitude many
Though it doesn't sound like it. I really do you
Notice that we had all these calls from the for help people call an insane that they just won't listen to QM anymore
We could and see those people are gone right there. We just got away
By shipping his ass off to Chicago. I'm shocked of the fact that he actually called you. Yeah, that a third party and I called him back
He had a party. Yeah, and I was invited here. He had a party you to vine there
And we probably brought the good stuff 1156 four minutes till noon at 560 QAM
You're used to be great station
This dick candy I like to relax by every day or mag on massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers welcome one hour
Right now at the Baghdad International Airport US officials continue to interrogate former Iraqi dictators Saddam Hussein
All right before you go any further. We know you speak English. Hey, okay. Go shout at me
All right, mr. I think I could green tea or something. No, you can't have a green tea. I'm asking and don't hurt the ass
How about the other fellow he looks a little nicer than you could I get like a green tea or something? No, you cannot get a green tea
Mr. Sain we have a few questions for you. I'll never say anything. I will not talk
I'm the president of Iraq. I wish to be treated with diplomatic mononies
Really you're not gonna talk. No, I'm not gonna say anything. I'm a great soldier. What if I do this to you? Hey, you pinch my nipple
I'll pinch my nipple. I'll tell you anything you want. What do you want to know? I good? I changed my mind. I won't talk now
What no green tea first maybe what if I do this? Hey, you pinch my other nipple stop your partner from pinching my nipples
This is wrong. Are you gonna talk? Sure. I'll tell you what you want to know
Where are the weapons of mass destruction? I don't remember. I'm not kind of a difficult. I don't remember give me your hand
Okay, why do you want? Hey you slap my hand! Where are the weapons of mass destruction?
They're by my castle. They're in the ground. Don't slap me. Sorry about that. That hurt.
I mean it's all right. It's okay. But look there's left a mark on there. Whatever happens to this big tough guy
You're gonna fight you to death and all that stuff. What happened to that? I'm not telling you anything. How about that?
There's my courage. I'm done talking now. Oh, that's very crazy. Shut down the mechanism. I'm not talking to you no more. Really give me your other hand
Where do you want my other hand?
How? Where are your advisors? They're at the back. That pizza hut. They're in the back room there
Where did you sit down by the sidebar? Don't don't get so rough. I'll tell you what you want to know
We appreciate you being so helpful Mr. Singh. It's okay. Don't don't slap though with the nipples and the hands
I mean, there's no reason to get some you know nasty. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I like how do you like that?
I like that. What do you want to know? I tell you I tell you. Did you gas the turds? The curds. Not the curds. That's right man.
I have cards I gas the curds. Why do you invade Kuwait? I'm not talking. Oh
Oh, look at wedgie. Oh, no one does a wedgie. Get the flagpole. Get the flagpole.
No, I tell you. You don't get the flagpole. Why did you bump Kuwait? Because it was something to do.
I have a board. Give me a load. I'm too brave. Mr. Kill all the turds.
Curds you people. There's a curds. That's a turds. I'm called a group of people turds. Sorry about that. What's up?
You heard. Probably one at five sixty WQA. I'm swimming. This faxie just sent me is a real hoot.
Yeah, I think thanks for the comedy. Right. It says Neil. I left a misspelled. Of course, almost everything in here is misspelled.
I left Lebanon 20 years ago. Also misspelled LABENOM. 20 years ago is one of the last groups of Marines in the airport in Beirut.
Also misspelled. I knew then we would be at war in the Middle East one day.
What you and many other left-minded people don't realize is that GW Bush is doing us all a huge favor
by securing oil for our children and grandchildren. So you go ahead and oppose APP OSC.
Oppose our president on every level. There are enough real world-minded people to keep president Bush
and like-minded people in office until the mission is accomplished. Signed registered Democrat.
Right. Nice spelling by the way. I think probably he and the president share if nothing else IQ.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and by the way speaking of oil isn't it fascinating? You notice who the first ones
are all rubbing their hands together about Libya? What the oil company? The American oil companies.
They've been jonesing again there for 23 years now and now here's the opportunity to go and-
Oh right. All right. We got those stories on there how it was in the works for the years.
Right. It was in the works for months. Oh no it's because they caught Sina wasn't it? No.
No. No. In addition to which isn't this amazing here's another lunatic one of the craziest people
on the face of the earth, Moe Mark Adafi and all of a sudden he's a good guy.
Oh yeah. I told you all along he was okay just to get strange headgear that's all.
285 votes on a pulley. I'm going to tell you right now if we don't get 500 votes on a pull before
the show ends at 2 o'clock today I will not come back tomorrow. You ready for that? No.
I will not come back and do a show tomorrow if we don't get least 500 votes by 2 o'clock.
Hey let him chain emailing. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003?
That's our poll question on theorangeers.com Arnold the Gropinator elected governor of California 88.
Rush Limbaugh, drug edition 80. There's the battle right there between Russian Arnold.
Michael Jackson arrested only 57 small potatoes. Kobe Brad Rape case 33 and then after that really
teeny tiny taters Martha Stewart insider trading 10 Madonna and Britney's TV kiss five.
Paris Hilton six six six eight four. What's his name all by the tiger? Roy.
For the Ben of Benifer J. J. Whatever it all heard. Ben and J. Lo Wedding three and Rosio Donald
still got one out of 288. Pretty lame man. We got a lot of work to do. We have to do a lot more
in 2004 you know that besides electing Howard Dean. Oh there you go again you left-minded people
from the left coast all you pico liberals. Hey hey to America right.
WDQ and happy new year. Hey you. Yes sir.
Drive the Abbey back sir George didn't excellent job. He is the best.
He's good. Let me answer a question. Curiously how do you seem the hard drive hotel like
the bills in Hollywood? No. You haven't seen the hard drive hotel right right off the
turn right? I think it's not a griffin. I stated how out of Hollywood except at mommy's house.
Yeah you know just they built that. Do you think we might get gambling here's our photo? No.
At all. Absolutely not. Because of the cruise ships. Mark because of the cruise ships and because
of the Bible thumpers and because of a jet bushing on his right wing asshole friend. Never going to
happen. Never. I thought it would be a break in the ice of how. Take it to the bank man. We'll
never live to see it. One more thing I was just seeing the moment this morning. That's one of my
new years resolution is the list in the mouth. He was talking about an article that was written
about just radio in general and how the people at the personal exec. U.A.M. rank on him so much.
And he was the very Jackass or. Okay. But he actually said those people talked behind my back.
They don't have the guts to talk it to the face. I thought that was funny and I know that
for real we just don't have things also. But I don't understand what you mean. Well I mean I
know for all used to rank on him all the time in front of his face. So yeah he's very annoying but he
says that people just talk behind his back not doing. I'll be more than happy to tell him right to
the space anything that I say on the air believe me. You're great to have you back man. Have a great
to know. I just don't want to see him when I'm there. I'm going to be there very soon. I just don't
want to see him. Oh it's nothing personal. Is it? Oh yes it is. Just going I don't want to see
him anymore than you want to see him. I don't want to be involved with him in this very Jackass
right in Krabba. Well enough already. No it's not enough that we haven't even begun yet.
We have begun to rip this man and ask if all we did was rip him for four hours every day and
every show on the station that still wouldn't be enough for what he's done to people and tried to do
to people. Man this is an accident waiting to happen. This guy and of course Greg read once again
gets himself in a catch 22. He can't get rid of this guy has to extend his contract because he
screws up by changing the guy's time. All of the stuff all of the crap that we're facing right now
on this radio station goes back to screwing up the first team and moving us to nine to one.
I was thinking about this yesterday which when I'm not there I try to think very little about it
but when we went on nine to one and I was thinking about those first few weeks trying to
just letting it get calls at nine o'clock in the like trying to revamp the whole stop floor to
radio audiences listening habits. You can't do it. You can't do it. It's one thing when you're
you know you're popular enough you can move an audience from one station and another that's fine
but to change everybody's listening habits didn't work and then we went through the seven
months of bedtime stories which you like but nobody else did and unfortunately you don't get no
diaries. Not yet pretty sad. Pretty tragic man. Now we still try to put the pieces together then
we went through the forral business which you know as much as I like the guy personally and as
much as I thought we had a good crossover going there the fact that the matter is anybody would
have a brain which leaves Greg out what I know that that was going to blow up. Even when Kevin
back to the road that glowing article in the hero. Do you remember what he wrote? I paraphrase it.
He said it's not a question of if it's a question of when he's going to get you know when he's
going to go over the line and get himself can. He even he wrote that and he was a fan of the guy
he liked him. He wrote a glowing article but he knew that this is a man who is out of control.
He's like a whirling dervish and we're still waiting for those calls by the way about forral.
He ain't coming back. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's our
he's good. He got never mind. That was excellent. That might have been the best call of the day so far.
We'll take it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound we want to get thought we want a lot of ladies on here today man
we want a whole bunch of turtleneck. At least we've only had one female who's taken the time.
This was to show you what a rotten place South Florida really is. I don't care what anybody says.
There's no courtesy. There's no love. There's no friendliness. There's no compassion. There's no
rock monest, whatever the hell the Japanese mean when they say that. There's nothing. I'm tired of it man.
Here everybody is so goddamn polite. You can rip Toronto all you want and of course most of the people
are rip it never been here wouldn't know where to fight it on the map anyway but God it is such a
civilized decent place where the people are so freaking polite and friendly and just laid back
and nice. There's something to be said for nice you know. As opposed to Amsterdam where they're
just rooting up nauseous man the dutch are just oh fat. Believe you me. In fact I think if I had a
pick between the French and the Dutch I picked a French because at least some of them look pretty good you know.
All right. It's up to Montreal. Now seriously the dutch are just rude and I don't know what happens to them
once they get to be about 35 or 40 or maybe even they get hit by the ugly stick even the guys
they used to look good all of a sudden they they all have these long strange beards and they're like
across between Ulysses S Grant and Rip Van Winkle. No sir that's your average 40 or 50 year old
Dutch man is he looks like Rip Van Winkle and drag. Somebody should send him some history books and
tell them that we finally moved into another century and I'm talking about the 20th forget about
this one. 567056C line one still isn't working same old crap you know and the excuse will be
well it's the holidays and you know you know stop but the excuses are already done there. Duff and
parents and all you other fumbres all you fugures there man. Let's get let's if we're gonna like get
the ships right now to get in 2004 we're gonna get the Titanic out of the bottom of the ocean and get
it sailing again you better start getting with it. Duff and clearance and Greg and Ray who else is
and Maddie WQM Happy New Year not there WQM. Oh wow WQM Happy New Year. Happy New Year to you Neil listen I
guess the quick things for you. Go ahead one for your poll. Strom Thurman's love child. Oh I like that. I love it.
And the bridge tender I believe is still alive and kicking I think you called Kimba Bo Camp
this morning. I'll be named. Yeah thanks thanks for the bad news. How are you? Strom Thurman's love child. Let's
get that on there right away Eric. Strom Thurman's love child. Now that happened while you were on
vacation right? Yeah but I saw the story. I mean very little response on it. I mean you all
though we did think of pool. I think he was right up there with Russia as far as being one of the
biggest tempered grits of all time. Here is one of the most virulent races to ever came down to Pike.
The Dixie Crab from 1948. I mean just they showed some clips to some of the speeches he made the
things that he said just unbelievable. Let's see those. Incredible. And come to find out that he was
he knocked up the and the the made was 16 years old at the time. Nice. Right lovely. I guess he
wanted to be like a modern-day Thomas Jefferson something like that. So let's get that on
there. Strom Thurman's love child. 308 votes on the pool. Arnold the grompinator with the biggest
the news story. Celebrity news story of 2003. Arnold the elected governor California 93.
Rush Limbaugh's drug addiction 90 got a battle going on. Michael Jackson arrested 60.
Coming right. Rape case 36. Martha Stewart insider trading 12. She goes to trial January 22.
I'd like to see them throw her ass in jail wouldn't you? Oh that would be so special. Just that
out. Yeah smug bitch. Yeah smug bitch very good Madonna and Britney's TV kids five.
Paracelton sex tape only four. Morroy Horn mauled by Tiger only four. Ben and JLo wedding
three. Rosy O'Donnell's lawsuit one. And Strom Thurman's love child just popped up.
Why? A double. Here's sports radio five 60s. You a. M.
After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news channels.
Disney owned ABC as decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel.
Here's what it may sound like.
Even this is a mouse reporting from Orlando our top story to see me.
Nine people were injured when they fell off the.
Nope better get me something else.
In other news four thousand people experience explosive die.
I'm vomiting while this embarking the.
Oh better go over to sports. Here's.
Who? Yours.
We I've got nothing. Why do you?
Okay then. Good job there.
Amen.
What's the national weather picture standing by in the ABC weather center.
Here is.
Uncle Riness.
Yeah.
Back together boss.
You know what they're doing.
The weather.
How do you make Asian balls?
I don't want to do any weather.
Don't banter.
Get me the fuck out.
Ha ha ha.
In order.
Sorry. I'm sorry. We don't have time.
We interrupt this weather report to take you live to Iraq.
And special correspondent John old dog.
Donald's coming to hear me.
All right.
I can't understand you don't know.
I think we're having some problems with the satellite.
Can you be more clear?
Um. I'm not getting it.
Donald.
No.
No. Still don't have your.
Buh.
Buh.
Buh.
What the fuck is going on, Riness?
I can't understand a word he's saying.
Anyway, you're more weather balls.
Go ahead.
Hurry up.
There's a storm coming in Orlando.
It looks like the weekend is shot.
The weekend is shot.
Ha ha ha.
That's what I said.
Buh.
We'll have more news after this.
Club 17 at 560 WQM.
Happy new year from all your good friends at QAM.
And us too.
Despite a sharp drop in homo size,
your Congress regained a title that didn't want America's murder
camp.
You think that's because they got too many white people there?
That could be it.
The city finished 2003 with 599 homicides.
Police said yesterday that was down from 640,
80 year earlier.
In the first time since 1967,
that the total drop below 600.
Now Chicago Metro Chicago, I would say is about 5 million
population.
Metro Toronto is about 5 million.
The GTA, just a little over 5 million.
Very similar size.
How many murders did Toronto have in 2003?
I would say about 60 to 70.
Okay.
Chicago 599.
See the difference?
Maybe Canadians are too stupid to know how to use guns.
That must be it.
Yeah.
They have bad shots.
That aimed.
Still the nation, no, they're starting to learn.
The nation's third largest city outpaced all of this for the
second time in three years.
New York with about three times the population
into the year with 596.
Los Angeles, which had the most murders in 2002,
had just under 500 last year.
Ready for that?
Let's see, St. Louis logged its lowest murder total
in more than four decades,
showing that police credited to aggressive efforts to
track down violent offenders.
69 killings in 2003.
69 in St. Louis.
Where's the rest of the list?
It balled more 271 last year.
Is Miami on the list?
Where is Miami in Fort Lauderdale?
DC showed the homicide rate dropped 6% from
262 the previous year to only 247 last year.
But 2004 began with two homicides in just nine hours in DC.
No final figures were available for Detroit,
but Detroit is really slippy, man.
An FBI report in mid-December said the city was on a
pace in 2003 with the fewest homicides in 68.
The total would be only 365.
The high said, what a bargain.
How many 365 for years?
Detroit was always a murder capital.
Right, but there's no more.
There's no more victims around because everybody moved the hell out.
What a horrible place.
Don't ever go to Detroit.
When Greg comes in and says, hey, George,
because you done such a great job,
an ill-smokation, I'm going to give you and Crystal
and your whole family,
all expense paid trip to anywhere you want in the USA.
Don't say Detroit.
No, thank you.
Don't say Chicago.
No.
All the way to the likes of Chicago.
I like it too, that.
You just have to stay downtown where it's safe.
You know what I mean?
Downtown where most of the people are white.
Is that a racist comment?
Yeah.
Well, just that the suburbs tend to be like in Cicero
and Homewood places like that.
A little on the dangerous side.
Anyway, getting back to it says,
how to punk a metprosexual.
Which words you should avoid in 2004?
It goes to sure.
They don't have too much going on there.
Lake Superior State University in Susamery, Michigan.
Every year, they compile irritable language
and they come up with words and phrases
that should be banned as overused,
tried euphemistic or just played an accurate.
This time they came up with 17 words and phrases
they should be banned.
The 2004 loses were chosen by a university committee
from among more than 5,000 nominations
from around the world.
Topping the list was metrosexual.
Yeah.
Reportedly coined in 1994
by British journalist Mark Simpson,
the term refers to urban usually heterosexual men
with a keen interest in fashion shopping
and elaborate grooming.
Gate.
Haha.
Elaborate grooming.
And by the way, that whole thing,
the queer eye and a straight guy
and all that stuff is such a bunch
of condescending bull crap.
It's pathetic.
Oh no, it's great.
Nailed it.
No, it's not.
It's garbage.
And they have such a much of fruit cakes on there.
Oh,
what do you want?
Straight acting gay guys?
But the Bob Forest, one of the many
court, yeah, like Carlos,
freaky Carlos,
so they would be good.
He'd be good stereotyp.
But the Bob Forest, one of the many
correspondence denominates the term
for management.
It sounds like someone who only has sex
downtown around the subway,
metrosexual.
Another correspondent,
Fred Bernardin asked,
aren't there enough words to describe
men who spend too much time in front of the mirror?
Gate.
Metrosexual and urban male who pays
a great deal of attention to appearance,
ex as in ex files,
ex stream,
Windows ex-box.
A man.
Punked to do popularized by the MTV show,
punked.
I thought what's his name?
My Ask in Coochie.
I said that all the time.
That's the one.
That's the chef.
Oh, he's on a show, punked.
He'd be the host.
But it's over.
Good.
Well, I, I,
where was it?
One of the tabloids.
There was a picture of him.
He was a male model when he was a teenager,
about 17.
Oh my God.
I couldn't believe it.
Gurly faced men.
He was pretty.
He was real pretty.
Companion animal.
By the way, speaking of somebody that's really ugly,
not that you would care.
Oh, Jesus.
I want to do a refraction.
What I said about Hayden Christiansen.
That kid got hit with the ugly stick.
He is so ugly.
He makes me look good.
He's from Canada.
So about three or four weeks ago,
before vacation, I had an interview with him here local.
I guess without the makeup and all the plaster of a parason.
Man, that kid is grotesque.
So you're Hayden Hayden.
Oh, man, he, I wouldn't touch him with your tongue.
Bling or bling bling.
Companion animals also known as pets.
I see I'm missing some.
Place stamp here printed on return envelopes.
Companion animals also known as pets.
Bling or bling bling.
Fashy jewelry.
You ever hear that?
Oh, yeah.
LOL.
Email speak for
laugh out loud.
It says.
Embedded journalist.
Smoking gun.
Shock and awe.
Captured live.
Shots rang out.
Ripped from the headlines.
Sweat like a pig.
The problem is pigs don't sweat.
It harms way.
Handcrafted latte.
And sanitary landfill.
Also known as a dump.
That's not a bad list.
Metro-sensual low is the winner.
Oh, yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T in Verizon line.
329 votes.
I don't think we're going to make the 500 which means I'm not working tomorrow.
Okay.
3 29 on the pearl.
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003?
That we should have a thousand votes already.
I mean, that's that's an old brainer.
Oh, there's another one for the list.
WQAM.
Hey Neil, how are you?
No brainers are good one.
Yes sir.
Greg.
Happy New Year.
Same to you.
I think I have felt the freedom pool.
Okay.
Remember.
Well, the group there are famous at one time,
but you know, almost 95 people.
They got killed inside that bar.
I can't remember the name of the group.
White.
White.
White.
Great.
White.
Yeah.
Well, that would be great.
White.
Wasn't that a huge new story?
Was that last year or the year before?
No, that was the year.
Or last year.
Last year.
I mean, I'm sure.
Yeah.
2003.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think it was.
Yeah, positive.
That's all I got.
Thanks, Pally.
Have a great year.
I don't think that's a, you think that was a big celebrity story.
Nobody even knows who that group is.
No, they were a washouts.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound for the lead.
The calls from women are pouring in here.
If we don't get one this hour, I'm not doing one or two.
You're doing it.
All right, I'll bet.
I'm starting to put my foot down with this crowd.
Man, it just, it just frosted my fat ass.
Everybody in South Florida is the excuse capital of the world.
The exorcist capital.
If we were given, if I had free tickets the nights of Panther
game, the Seth Noons game against the flyers,
then you'd see those lines light up like crazy.
And most of them would be women free loaders.
Oh, can I have the tickets?
Can I have the tickets?
Did I hear you saying give away tickets?
Yeah, don't be with her for you'll get twice the results.
Right.
Hey, how about some free tickets?
All you ladies out there.
WQM ticket line.
I get 50.
They're kidding.
You're kidding.
I'm telling you how many you want.
About 30 minutes.
No problem.
Hey, just my care.
Those guys, I'm not calling to disagree with you,
but you know, he defended that Susan McDougall.
And I mean, I thought he also defended one on a rider.
Right.
I mean, I thought he was okay when he did that,
but man, I just don't understand this Michael Jackson thing.
Doesn't he look slimy slippery?
He does.
I mean, it's just like a whole turnaround,
you know, a whole different set of stripes, so to speak.
Hey, on this pose, it's celebrity,
or is it just great news stories or what?
No, the biggest celebrity story of 2003.
I was going to say, I thought you missed that preemptive war
that we had, but that certainly wouldn't be celebrity infamous,
maybe, but not celebrity.
Right.
Okay, happy new year.
And the same to you.
Mark Garragos, slime ball of the year, man, he really,
he just look at him and I guess it's the mustache must be part of it,
but just his overall ambiance.
He's going to lose the Scott Peterson case.
Yes, he will lose that.
He's going to lose the Michael Jackson thing.
Let's hope.
And man, you talk about making a jackass out of himself,
a jacko ass that this whole business about.
He was roughed up by the plate and see the whole idea
when your guilty is hell like he is,
make yourself, try to turn it around,
make yourself the victim.
It always works.
And let's face it, if you're accused of like child molestation,
isn't the first thing you do,
hold a big party at your house
and have 300 of your best closest friends show up?
What would you say?
One last time,
the only reason that Latoya changed her tune
and germane and all these other grave robbers
is because they want to stay on that gravy train.
That damn fat guy, I can't stand the ride.
All of a sudden they changed their tune.
They had this wonderful upbringing.
Their father was great to them.
That cheap drunk.
They beat the crap out all.
You see, we're all, we all have Alzheimer's.
That must be the deal.
That's it.
Everybody forgot.
All those books and all those stories about them being abused
as children and Michael's whole child
who was taken away from him and yoddy yoddy yoddy.
And there's daddy right now.
He know what him and mommy,
they want to stay on that gravy train.
Cost a lot of money for that ripple man.
My life and love,
this is 4356,
you ain't way.
It's close to midnight,
shutting down my amusement park.
I'm in my bedroom.
I'm gonna go to some white sheep and die.
You try to scream,
so dig a look at me and you'll understand.
You owe me this.
And for my turn to go to your never-lens,
your father lies.
I'm on my list,
I'm on my list,
I'm on my list,
and you know what they say,
but younger than you,
they are the better.
I'm on my list,
I'm on my list,
I'm on my list,
I feel million makes it right.
I'm on my list,
I'll get you to your life.
1230, 1231.
1231.
At 560 W.Q.
I'm Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at 2.
The good news is the schedule starting on Monday.
I guess I came back too soon, right?
Was it remember even Muff said to me,
oh you're gonna be working on the second,
almost nobody's gonna show up on that day,
as if to say,
oh he want to take that day off, that's okay too.
But not me,
I don't believe in taking all that time off.
So here I am.
Monday look at that,
there's Mo and Gildi together again in stereo,
following Joe and Mark.
You got Joe Rosas still on.
Oh and by the way,
speaking of the beast,
the good news is for the people that hate him like poison,
and think he's a real smithestirbur and trouble maker,
he has ballooned up again.
This is the spirey poor egg out from George.
The beast is ballooned up again to like three times the size he was before,
whenever.
Trae Tragic.
Really?
Yeah.
Well that's his parents are killing him.
That's what happens when you're a spoiled little rich brat.
And your parents keep feeding you and taking you on cruises
and force feeding it for it.
It's that pushing with one hand and pulling back with the other,
just like my mother.
Why don't you lose some weight and then she's pushing the food in front of me
and then like, you know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Oh.
Don't you like the potato pancakes?
Don't you like this?
And in the meantime, she's shoveling in front of you
and then they make the, oh why didn't she lose some weight now?
You know, the same crap.
So I have it a death wish.
The mad dog comes back Monday at two, the Humper from Shulta's at four.
Nothing's perfect though.
We got the big one at Monday.
And we'll get to Monday's schedule on Monday.
I guess assuming, of course, that is how I show up.
I don't think there's a very good chance of that happening now.
I bet you don't.
That's scheduled.
What?
Didn't I fax you Monday?
Yeah.
Okay.
I said we'll get to it on Monday.
Well, am I going to start reading this schedule for next week?
What else you got to do?
I'm just looking ahead because I see the mad dog is back.
He's been going on a long time and the load.
So that website.
What website is that?
DebtorLiveInfo.com is great.
You can spend all day there.
The fascinating part is looking at all the people that you thought were dead
who aren't in the alive motion.
But you don't want to be doing that because you know who gets very upset
when we do shows about dead people.
Absolutely.
Is Mo.
He gets psychotic about that to close the home.
By the way, it's going to be really interesting to see come January 16 when
well actually there'll be a couple days after that.
But we get to break out of the hour by hour from the fallbook
to see those increased morning numbers if Mo was doing it because
remember that one rather than the summer book we find that Mo was doing pretty good.
Right.
Which had to be a spillback from a ferella.
I guess I see whether he had the big number or whether it was ferella who
of course long since departed.
That's going to be really interesting Mo.
That's a pencil pencil.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a ATAT.
Let me ask you this.
How many seasons has Mo been doing the dolphin games now?
Gosh.
One two.
Come on, Josh.
How many seasons has Mo Howard David had broadcasted
often games?
Try again.
Two.
Two.
Excellent.
How many seasons in a row have the dolphins missed the playoffs?
Two.
Okay.
Just the coincidence.
Just a little.
Now somebody here says Chicago is twice the size.
No, Chicago is not twice the size.
Where did they come up?
Says Mike.
Where did it come up with that?
Chicago facts and figures.
Metro tomato the GTA.
He's actually showing me here the 2001 census.
But as of last year it's over 5 million now.
So it's 4.6 million here.
What makes him think Chicago's got 10 million people?
Where does he come up with that?
Maybe 5 facts.
There's other page.
What does it say?
What does the Chicago metro population?
The machine is going through the machine.
The Schmidt.
What do you say the Schmidt?
I thought it.
I didn't quite right.
Schmidt is going through the machine.
Is that what you just said?
Jesus Christ.
I can smell it on the money.
Facts and stuff.
I can smell it.
I'm okay.
Just here.
No wonder.
I was trying to say much sugar to.
Well, let me take a look at it if it ever shows up here.
I mean,
sorry.
And you know something even if it is twice the size,
we're talking 600 murders against 60 or 70.
Okay.
So let's say let's double the 60 or 70.
I know.
That's what it says.
What does it say?
9 million in change.
For Chicago.
See.
Okay.
So almost twice the size and 10 times the murders.
That sounds logical to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
How's that?
How's the pool number coming?
347.
There isn't a chance in hell that we're going to get to 500 by 2 o'clock.
No chance.
If everybody who's listening right now votes on the pool
between now and 2 o'clock,
there's no chance we'll get to 500.
So I get some real good material assembled from Monday.
5 and the women callers, what did I say?
You're doing one to two if we have no women callers between now and one?
All the.
WQAM.
Hello.
Now for the bush bashing.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, you know,
yes, sir.
I just got back from Q and I was listening to you show down there
on my way to the airport.
I'll be damned.
Lottie player, man.
I can't believe it.
You just got back from Cuba?
Yeah.
Probably they got a diary.
Do they know about it in the hood where you live?
Keep it a secret, man.
Yeah, my cousin listens to you down there.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, send him to try and die.
We need to help.
It's the only cubit we can get listening.
The signal is loud and clear.
It's unbelievable.
So how was it there?
It was good.
Pretty good.
What do you mean it was good?
It was okay, you know.
They're struggling down there, but
not a lot of people are afraid to say that the cash was an asshole, but, you know,
but they listen to you.
Well, we're not afraid to say it.
Cash there's an asshole.
How do you like that?
That's about the last thing we can still say in America is cash there's an
asshole.
All right.
Welcome back, Colleen.
Have a great new year.
All right.
You too, Memma.
At least on your Nuevo.
Let's see, 9.1 million.
As opposed to about five million.
Yeah, he's he's right.
It's almost twice the size.
And let me say it again, 10 times the number of murders.
All right.
I think Chicago is much more civilized myself than say,
Asha, Ontario.
Any ladies call yet, George?
WDQ, I am hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you know, you know, how our David sounds is just like about as good as George did while you were gone.
I can recharge.
That's a shot.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
All the crap you can unwrap.
Okay, Mo, just calm down.
I don't want to see him all by the way when I come back to town making early exit.
Okay, which he does anyway, because Joe Rosen, he don't they don't interact.
When is the changing of the guard eight o'clock?
I mean, Joe will not go in there.
That's what the beast told me anyway.
Joe won't go in here until Mo was safely out of the room.
He doesn't want to cross paths with him because he might just get a little, uh, you know,
carried away.
That's how strong.
That's the depths of the feeling that exists between those two.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We need a lady car being the next 23 minutes or George is back one to two.
And I go to an early lunch.
I can't wait.
And that sound good?
No.
I think I'm going to get some potato lockers for lunch.
Let's do it.
Kind of a late Hanukkah thing.
348 votes on a pool.
Pretty weak all the way around.
This was kind of like a test today.
You know, that's why I came back this, uh, instead of Monday.
This is kind of like the test of waters.
To see if we have any audience left.
They all went to Chicago with Ferrell.
I probably have them going to get shot.
WQM.
No change.
WQM.
Hello.
Where's the lady car is George?
I got one somewhere.
WQM.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm here to give you a call.
I'll be dang.
You sure you're not just doing a voice?
I swear.
Okay.
Well, thanks for running my lunch.
Oh, you know, I just want to say I'm so glad you're on the air.
Love your show.
Love an alternate to all the PS with South
there.
And I think you're wonderful.
And have a great one.
Thanks.
Have a happy bye bye.
Thanks a lot for getting me to work one to two.
I'm I'm serious.
I would take it off.
I mean, I just uh, I'm too much of a hot shot.
Big paid, uh, big, uh,
big used to be big talent to be sitting here talking to myself for four hours.
High for three hours is enough.
In fact, I think three hours is enough period, don't you?
For any show.
Right.
Let's see.
Joe roses on two hours.
Mo is on three.
Joe and Mark are on three.
The Humper is on three.
Still making the same money.
The load that he was making when he was working for.
And he cares on whenever it held you.
The ball game was over like tonight.
He's on midnight to two in the morning.
Two hours.
How come this show is the only one that's on four.
Mad dogs on for only a pair.
How come we're on four freaking hours for real?
When he was with us, he was on two freaking hours.
Four hours.
I think a half hour would be great.
Can you imagine how they'd be just all diving to the dial?
Half hour like 10 30 to 11 every morning.
We like a, we like a, uh, uh, uh, uh, happening.
Right.
Concentrated.
Don't say concentrate.
Oh.
350 votes.
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003?
Arnold the group.
A data elected governor of California 110.
Rush Limbaugh's rugged action 99.
Michael Jackson arrested 65.
There is Bubba.
Did I just see Bubba or is that somebody else has said?
I thought I saw Bubba there in Iowa.
Maybe he's running again.
He gets my vote.
Kobe Bryant case 41.
Martha Stewart insider trading 14.
Madonna and Brittany's TV kiss six.
Let me say it again.
Keep in mind Dennis Rodman.
Okay.
Every time you see that, just keep that in mind.
Oh, talk about tainted man.
foul.
Paris Hilton six tape five.
Roy Horan Maul by Tiger four.
Ben and JLo wedding only three.
Nobody cares about them.
We just want them to go away.
Strom Thurman's love child got three.
And Rosio Donnelly speaking to go away has got one.
But her lawsuit 352.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, when the opening?
Where you calling from?
Miami.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello?
Oh, yeah.
Joyce is a big faggot.
Okay, thanks.
20 to one.
I guess you're out.
It's day.
I'm in Miami town.
Gurg had five six.
Oh, WQAM.
It's the wonderful world of science with Professor Maul.
Hello, there, boys and girls.
Today we're going to learn about an invisible substance incident.
And it got nothing to do with fluids and juices.
So you don't have to worry about it.
As a matter of fact, it's a night.
That's right, boys and girls.
It's a noble guess named for a rainbow in his orchestra.
Now two demonstrators.
I get more.
White guilty.
What a surprise.
Pray tell what brings you here.
I want to learn about dance.
It's a noble guess, you moron.
Now, here.
Hold this, too.
Not that one in my pants.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Not one of the ones that got handed in.
You're going to my whole day.
Right, you're right.
That's the one.
That sounds.
We had.
That's noble guess.
I can out of here, you little bitcher before.
Wait a minute, boy, that's something for you.
What do you got there?
A bag of potatoes.
Potatoes?
For what?
You can make a battery out of a potato.
A battery out of a potato, huh?
Yeah.
I'll pull it on your ticket, then.
Yeah, I know you're going to.
What do you think of some kind of maroon?
My lawyer need a conductor.
All right.
There.
Now what are you?
Who's going to?
Not waking you.
I'll try to make a wake.
I put it up my ass.
I'll put it up my ass.
I'll put it up my ass.
I'll put it up my ass.
I'll put it up my ass.
I'll put it up my ass.
1244.
They must be counting Springfield, Illinois, and in DeKalb,
and everybody else in Illinois, and that Chicago population
is they just looked at one thing.
The city population, not the greater metro area.
Yeah.
City, in the 90, let's see, the 2000 census,
2.896 million Chicago, Toronto, 2.481 million.
Is that sound like twice the size?
So I think when they talk about Chicago metro area,
they're kind of like Cleveland and Indianapolis
Vegas, and Illinois, the whole state of Illinois.
Detroit, East Lansing, 567-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon,
wireless line.
Nobody, QAM, happy new year.
Hello.
865-60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
QAM going once.
AT&T.
Yes, sir.
Great.
Yeah.
Okay, either a crappy phone or just retarded or both,
as the case may be.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon,
wireless line.
WQAM.
Oh, WQAM, hello.
This bridge of his boring.
Okay, and so are you, man.
Nothing in the world can be more boring than you, okay?
But we're delighted we're ecstatic to know
that you're still looking at the city.
Glue to that radio, man.
You got it stuck deep inside your ass.
WQAM, hello.
George, in the bag, you.
Okay, thank you.
A lot of reports about you.
What did you do while I was gone?
Who did you do?
Do you hop on Miguel or something?
Yeah, you were.
Try to molest Josh in there.
WQAM, hello.
Thank God for George W. Bush.
All right.
There's a great call.
Thank God for George W. Bush.
They told you, right.
Praise him like Jesus.
Jesus Christ.
That's my favorite line in that song.
Boy do I love that.
Praise him like Jesus.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy healthy New Year to you and George.
And everybody there.
And the second, second of all,
what do you want to know?
The largest stories need a lack of
coyotes by the Democratic Party to stand up to George W. Bush.
Sir, let me say it again.
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003?
Is that a celebrity story?
Let me ask you a question now.
Aren't all these Democratic candidates
or most of the Democratic candidates
acting like celebrities looking for sound rights?
No, sir.
They're talking about a stretch, man.
Even I have never tried a stretch at that far.
Wow.
You see, this is the problem when you're dealing with these people
who want to make everything political.
It's the light bulb crowd again.
Remember I was talking to you about that before.
Did you show today?
Yeah.
The light bulb crowd.
The people who were listening to Matt Fudge
and sending you all of those spy reports about mispuds.
He said this, and mispuds said that,
and he's still fudge-packing.
And the Adi Adi Adi,
and he all has a 24-hour nurse maid.
And all this other silly crap
that he just makes up as he goes along.
And like I said, the fact that he's got a philosophy bag
is not something we want to talk about.
The fact that he just makes a bunch of crap up
under and he's a pawn of the right wing
and a mindless self-hating faggot.
We don't want to talk about that on the show.
So we won't.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And guess what?
If we have a point three in the next book, Matt,
I'll still be here and still be talking about your ugly ass.
Okay?
Because I have spy reports from Bob Coons.
Nobody QAM?
Nail talk line.
Yes, sir.
Hey, hey, my buddy just called.
He says you guys have been talking about
forl possibly coming back.
Oh, yeah, right.
Your buddy needs a lobotomy.
He's not?
No, he's not coming back.
He's in Chicago.
He's not coming back.
I'll tell part how he pull.
Have you settled?
Oh, then.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
See, I don't understand the whole for well thing, man.
You know what I mean?
I don't know whether it's that much of an impact or not.
Time will tell.
Time will tell.
It's hard to say, but certainly in those numbers, man,
if he was doing a great lead in for us,
it sure as hell didn't show up.
Scott, don't take it personal, but it sure as hell didn't show up.
Your people sure as hell didn't support us.
They just turned on us and stabbed us with a back.
Damn, of course that was mostly your people was most of the Cubans.
Sorry.
I should go in the other room and get that.
I think I hit them under the under some of them.
That's.
That's how bad they were for that one month in November.
But in the meantime, like I said,
Ron and Paul took it straight up the old.
Back down.
What does that tell you?
What does that say?
Do your people listen to Zeta?
No, no way.
QBA up three points in the month of November,
the Spanish language states in the market up three points,
which means that we didn't have a trinum in the channel.
They all got diaries this time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
You don't forget Russia's on right now.
You don't want to miss Russia.
He's doing it.
He's popping them.
Everybody QAM.
Hello.
You're making up your afternoon.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
Glad to talk to you.
Happy holidays, George.
Same.
Same to you.
I bought a shop for command, George.
All right.
What do you?
Yeah, you did that to me.
Anyway, Neil, everything you say about Russia is so right.
And it's so much deeper than anybody has a clue out there.
There's a book called The Luminati Bloodline.
And it talks about, you know, all the right wing power people
from the beginning of history.
And I don't know if you've ever heard about The Luminati Bloodline.
But it's just.
Oh, God.
It's just anyway, boy.
She says, you know, he just he says the worst.
I mean, a badly.
And he did.
Yeah, anyway, I just want to wish you guys a good, happy holiday.
George, I love you.
Neil, love you too, man.
OK.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Like that.
Good luck.
I'll see you in the border.
5, 6, 7.
Now, to work out for those who are Luminati and the builder
burgers to and especially the butt burgers and the tri-lateral
commission, right?
And the Batonburgs too.
Or do you see about the Queen's Princess Anne's dog?
No.
Didn't see about that.
Sorry, miss that somehow.
That was the lead story one hour on the prestigious BBC when I was
over there across the pond.
And I'm telling you, they ought to hang their head and shame to
show what a bunch of silly twists are the Brits who give me
the Schmitz.
The lead story was that Princess Anne's dog, her bull terrier,
attacked one of the Queen's favorite corgis and did so much
damage the dog had to be destroyed.
That was the lead story.
And then the other day on the heels of this Princess Anne's
dog, the same one, bit one of the maids.
You ready for that?
All right.
That's what the Brits are worried about.
5, 6, 7.
They are.
They're pathetic.
They're beyond pathetic.
There's no word for it.
The silliest people on the face of the Earth are the Brits.
And we have a few in our allow listening audience and good
luck to you.
It's all I can tell you.
I'm glad you got out.
Simpletons.
They're genetically challenged.
WQAM.
Happy New Year.
Hey, someone did you go kill all those niggers?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless
line.
I'm sure you hit it too.
We all had your thumb on it.
Like I said, the feeling it doesn't make any difference
whether it's New Year's, whether it's the 4th of July,
whether it's my birthday, whether it's my 400th anniversary
on the year in town, no matter what it is, you can feel the love
just coming through that phone, can't you?
Whether I'm in Miami, whether I'm in T.O., whether I'm an
omg stood up, you feel that love, you can smell it.
The smell of that.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I speak in here.
Speaking.
Wow.
Speaking.
It's not here.
It looks like me.
It looks like me.
For real.
It is real.
Get a better phone, honey.
Wow, what a cackling idiot.
560, 560, 560.
Why do I make the same mistakes over and over again?
We already had our one lady caller.
It's going to make me do one to two.
Okay, that's an art quota.
Let's not overdo it.
Otherwise, we'll get that one, the bimbo that calls all the time.
They're real simple.
They want us to talk about bush and politics.
She would know a bush if she had one, which I don't think she does.
God.
WQAM, happy New Year.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Not bad.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Still pretty good.
Neil.
Was speaking to Neil?
No, no.
You're talking to Jorge.
Jorge?
Yeah, what's happening?
You got the mung full?
Let me ask you a question.
How are you?
How you doing?
Oh, that's how that's all against David Friedman.
560, 560.
Boy, you talk about some people that really, really, and it's good.
This show does a service.
It's like beneath the surface, nobody will ever see it.
You know, all the experts went in.
When the final chapter is written on this show, and the 80 years it's been on the year and it's time,
nobody will ever really see that.
But under the surface, that's the most important service that we provide.
Right.
If they service under the surface, and it is for all these psychos out there in South Florida.
Believe me, there are many, many, many, many.
Every hour we got, at least keeping them off the streets, keeping them away from your hood.
Like he's on the way from your door stoop.
God, do we do a job?
Come into QAM, line 9.
Nobody there.
QAM, hello.
Happy New Year.
Let's go, Islanders.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, nice attendance, by the way, for your games, you phony bastard.
Man, all of a sudden they win a few games to get out.
And we got Islander fans, right?
Who the hell are you kidding?
By the way, we got hockey today.
I know George is very excited about that.
We got the Panthers in the Philly Flyers at 5.
Pre-game starts at 3.30.
I have no idea what.
How could we possibly have an hour and a half pre-game on a hockey game?
But what is it?
Seriously, what is the deal with that?
Did you ever hear such a thing?
It's one thing I want.
We got the Dolphin pre-game for 85 hours.
Because we stick a lot of spots in there.
Anybody want to buy the Panther games?
No.
Geldey on game night, 3.30 to 4.30.
The Panther preview, 4.30 to 5.
And the Panthers in the Flyers, 5.30 to 8.00 at the Mac or 8.00.
And the Panthers are fired by the Fiesta Bowl and Eddie K.
And that stuff.
It sure don't seem like Friday to me, doesn't it?
No.
I mean, I know it is, but I can't deal with it.
Do you think we're going to make 500 by 2 o'clock?
No.
381.
We need 119 votes on that poll, which means that if everybody who's listening right now would vote twice, we might have a shot.
Like Jimmy Johnson would say, you'd have a shot.
381.
It's a good question.
Is it because it's a bad poll question?
No.
No.
Is it because there's nobody listening?
Yes.
Got a lot of work to do, George.
Even though you did that phenomenal job, you slept with a deep, deep hole to climb out of.
Even, even, uh, Saddam never climbed out of a spider hole like this.
And then, of course, Farrell.
He turned around and stabbed us in the back.
He didn't even know it.
He even knew he was doing it.
Turn around and just shoved it right through our hearts.
By the way, here at rumor, he's coming back.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
He's got a great.
All right, man, happy New Year to you, buddy.
And a 7-year-old, Palli, thanks for your great call.
1257 at 560.
I hear rumor, he's a...
560.
Local of his 60s at 560s.
The radio's all yours.
WQM.
WQM.
Tilly, I'm losing.
I am dead now.
But that remember when I was alive.
I will listen to the new Roy with it.
WQM.
I was a community icon.
In a community icon.
As far as I can tell,
she was the fantastic iconoplastic Celia Groove.
I believe William Hickerd presents
with dulcet molifuous sounds of Celia Groove.
She's dead, you know.
Oh, she was so beautiful.
She's a genius.
She's a boy.
She's a pirate.
She's a pirate.
She's a genius.
She's a genius.
Who's a named by her father?
Celia Groove.
Who's dulcet hues for you?
It's available now.
If the taste is used, see the employer.
Our most beloved drag queen died in 2003.
Celia Groove.
She's passed away.
Of course, the South Florida Hispanic community,
the Cuban P- their pistons.
Because of your lack of respect for Celia Groove.
Sorry.
Shame on you, man.
I will not give it to her.
For this and Celia Groove.
Now, this is a fact she just sent me.
Who to hell is Berkeley?
Who is that?
New AE.
You matter once.
I met her.
Her.
Well, she didn't, doesn't bring any bills with me.
But the answer is sure.
No problem.
Berkeley, whoever you are, we will do anything.
We have no credibility on the station.
No more.
We have no spots.
We have no audience.
We have no votes on a poll.
We got nothing, Greg.
By the way, Greg, here's my message for you for 2004.
Fuel you, man.
Yeah.
300.
We can't even get to 400.
Forget about 500 votes on here.
What have you left me, George?
I love these people.
I call it.
Oh, George, did a fabulous job.
You son of a bitch.
How come you even bother coming back?
And then I can't even get like 50 votes on a poll.
What is your story, man?
Maybe just take bad poll.
You had over a thousand on that one.
Yeah, that was the one.
About politics is so exciting and important and very important.
I mean, that's important on a talk show.
It's important.
Those people have voted that it's important.
Those people need to be rounded up and given mental help.
Like we're really changing the world on this show, man.
Or any show.
386 votes.
And we're, Jones and for 500 here,
it doesn't look too good for Monday, man.
WQ went, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to be a lady color and say hi and have a new year.
Well, the same to you.
I am a lady color.
It's not like I wanted to be.
I am one.
Thank you.
And thanks for the memories.
Yeah, thanks for all that stuff.
Okay, great week.
All of these things.
Thank you.
Say goodbye.
Bye.
She was very nice.
Right.
She was a nice person.
Let's hear it.
We just talked to a nice lady.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
She was very nice.
We had one such story out of the door.
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
A new poll measuring Americans attitude toward gay
and the military reveal significant support for allowing lesbians to
game into serve openly.
79% of the thousand four adult survey said they believe people
who are openly gay should be allowed to serve.
79% of the CNN USA Today Gallup poll conducted December 5th through
the seventh found that 91% of people aged 18 to 29 were supportive of allowing
gay to serve openly as were 85% of all women and 73% of all men.
91% of people aged 18 to 29 say yes.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Approximately 10,000 gay and lesbian service members have been discharged
under the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy since its inception in 1993.
How do you like that?
Pretty amazing.
91% and yet at the same time it's the young males out there who are
the most of the bush liquors.
They like their bush.
In fact 60% of all males in the latest polls I was reading this on the Internet yesterday,
60% plus are a bush people only 29% against bush.
White males.
That's what it problem lives.
White males.
So come November on you white males out there guess what?
Most of you are going to be turned back in the set back home when you try to vote.
Right roadblocks.
That's right.
And for every dark person that goes out there and vote,
we're going to make sure they get two ballots just to make up for 2000.
Just to ballot it out.
We got 400 yet.
Like I said, if we don't get 400 votes in this poll, 390.
We don't get 400.
George is working on Monday.
In fact, George is working all next week if we don't get 400.
567.
0560.
So what day is for all coming back?
I'm hearing rumors, man.
I'm hearing a lot of rumors about that.
Here's line 9.
Our favorite.
Q.A.M.
Hey Neil, what's up?
I went out first off.
I was going to, so George gave us a website on Wednesday where you put it.
You go to Google, you go to that miserable loser or whatever it was.
And it puts up George Bush's resume or whatever.
I want to think that.
But hey, I was wondering, do you know about that website called MissLeader.org?
Yeah, we talked about it before my vacation.
It's part of the, um, that new one.
What tells you a group that doing move on that order?
Yeah, yeah.
Part of that.
Yeah, awesome, awesome.
It is great.
You can, uh, I don't know if you knew this, but you can actually set it up.
So it actually just sends you a date when they get a new one.
It's sensitive to your email.
Excellent.
And so I just, if you didn't know what I was going to let you know.
Thanks, man.
Thank you.
I have a great new year.
You too.
See, I told you to get good calls on line 9.
Did I tell you that just moment ago?
And you said, no, you don't know.
I just told you that.
567.
0560.
Pound 560.
Do you ever smell a Dutchman?
No, I can't say that I have.
Don't.
God.
Right?
What a, you know, I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's because it's Christmas because this is the second year in a row.
I made the same mistake and I blame nobody but myself for being a moron.
Go in there in December.
You don't go there in December.
The weather sucks.
It rains all the guy at the end time.
It's dreary, cold, and crap, windy.
And there's no tourist there.
And how many times have I told you if they're out of enormous number of tourists there, you
don't want to be there because nothing left but the Dutch.
Fair.
To them, to their food, to their whole concept of what life, I mean, the government is
great but the wrong people are there.
It's kind of like South Florida.
The climate is great.
The ambiance is fine.
It's the people that need a transplant.
There's nothing wrong with South Florida that a people transplant wouldn't care about.
It's only that for many years.
That's right.
That's why he is a fricking people transplant.
Get a few people out of the age of 100.
Get some of those broad-minded 18 to 29-year-olds so that might look pretty good and be
pretty cooperative, too, George.
Right.
From the left coast.
There you go.
Yeah, from the left coast, that's right.
The left freaking coast.
What a great job these right-wing assholes have done.
Making the word liberal, a dirty word.
Oh, you're a liberal.
Oh.
Oh.
It's like when Paul Martin got sworn in his prime ministering here in Canada about three
weeks ago.
And I'm seeing it in the headlines on the bottom of the screen.
Canada swears in pro-US prime minister.
Oh, man.
What a freaking joke.
I want to correct the bad.
I mean, I made a thousand mistakes.
They'll be showable one and I made several times.
Yeah.
Because I saw from the BBC and they know a little bit more.
I do.
I always say that fewer than 25% of Americans have passed.
Well, that is correct, but it come to find out it's fewer than 10%.
Fewer than 10% of Americans have passports, which means they ain't going nowhere.
They're not seeing a rest of the world.
They don't know from nothing.
All they know is the propaganda they get from watching, you know, whatever the latest
bull crack show is on.
And those shows have got to stop.
If those shows don't freaking stop, you know the ones I'm talking about?
No, which ones you talking about?
All these superstar instant, you know, Idle, pretty high.
Idle, Idle, Idle.
They got to stop.
And up on his crap.
All these marginal human beings with no talent.
God.
Everything goes in cycles, man.
And just if something is a hit, all of a sudden we got 7,000 shows just
inundating us with the same crap.
Oh, but it's a reality show.
Right.
Sure it is.
Five.
So what am I getting excited again about?
Five six seven, oh five six, dude, there's not enough people listening right now for me to
get excited about it.
It's not worth it.
Don't go break it a sweat now.
OK.
Although my left armpit smells pretty rank.
I did bring home some fa.
That's about the only good thing.
Like I told you know, they make great soap and the other one and amsterdam if they could
only just start using it would be great.
Like the French, the French are famous for perfume if they were just use a little bit,
we could all get long.
403 votes.
What do you think is the biggest was the biggest celebrity story of 2003 Arnold the Gropen
Fhrer elected governor of California, 121.
Harsh Limbaugh drug addiction, 118.
There's a battle for you, man.
Nick and Nick knows the nose.
Michael Jackson arrested 72.
Kobe Brown rate case 45.
Martha Stewart's insider trading 15.
Paris Hilton sex tape eight.
Strong Thurmond loved tile eight.
Madonna and Britney's TV kiss seven Roy Horan mall by the tiger in Vegas for Ben and
J. Lowe.
We still got only three.
We don't want to know from them.
OK, even Rosie got another vote.
Rosie O'Donnell lawsuits got a pair out of 403.
I think you're safe.
We may have to be 400.
Oh, man.
What?
Hey, they're just getting warmed up to you, man.
They love you.
All because we only had a couple of those Maricopa and cause that's from your people.
They was, you know, homophobic Cubans.
It's all they know, man.
What is with you?
Cubans are you ever going to grow up?
We're ever going to learn Jesus Christ is because most of your closet queens self hating
and drilling all of them holes in the guy that the glory holds at Westland.
Jesus Christ, you're not kidding anybody, man.
Anything that moves anything that moves, they'll hop on it.
They'll grab it.
They'll squeeze it.
They'll twist it.
They'll lick it.
Hey, anything that's motionless, too.
Yeah, especially that can't fight back like senior Cruz.
God, oh, can you imagine if they put senior Cruz's body in the middle like on Southwest
eight street on a big pyre?
Just burn that bitch.
Oh, that's bad.
See, that was terrible.
You can't say that.
Don't say that.
You got to listen to something else family again.
Just wait a minute.
And she didn't have the worst monkey face I've ever seen in my life.
But you're the one that said that.
That's a gorilla.
Wait till you hear this piece of copy.
I got one live spot the whole day to day because I guess nobody, we're just, we're just
faking it today and this is the only show that will tell you like it is.
We're not really here.
It's on tape.
It's all make believe.
And the piece of copy I got here and maybe either Steve Wolf or Troy Stratford or the
two of them both are doing magic mushrooms.
I brought some back for them from Amsterdam, but I don't think they got them yet.
You ought to see all the different places, the magic mushroom joints and herb and seed
places like that.
Revit.
No, no, listen, I'm not saying that it was great.
You don't want to go there.
Believe me.
You don't want to go to that place.
Now go to December.
Maybe like in the middle of June would be good.
Anyway, it says here in this cup, I'm going to read it exactly to the way it's written.
Okay, Steve Wolf, what is wrong with you, man?
It says it doesn't matter if I'm in Toronto, visiting Michael Jackson, Neverland or my
home in South Florida, I will be at Pompega Park this Monday night, January the 5th because
it's free spaghetti dinner night.
Am I going to be there?
But I will be there because it's free spaghetti dinner night.
There's no better deal than all of South Florida.
All you have to do is buy a Pompega Park program for this Monday, January 5th and you get
a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the 4th floor prayer, players room.
Dinner includes rules and butter, shallot, a heaping plate of pasta and marinara sauce that
can't be beat with a stick.
Located just a half mile from both on, I'm going to have to turn five Pompega Park's easy
to get to.
Best of all, Pompega Park features free admission and free general parking every single
day.
Live harness racing in a poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, like
the night and Saturday, poker starts at noon, noon to midnight and live racing gets
underway 7 o'clock, PM Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, five nights a week
count them.
Every Monday night, there's two for $25 dinner, special on the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday night, the track is dollar night for draft beer, hot dogs, sodas and lots
more.
And every Thursday night, it's ladies night, two for one drink, specials just for the
ladies.
Also were being added to the 4th floor, players room.
There's the 795 plated dinner, special.
Pompega Park is also open every day, seven days a night, a week for a simul casting featuring
the best in harness, thoroughbred in a high-lion ball across North America, free to watch
him plunge your lungs out.
Don't forget the next free spaghetti dinner at Pompega Park, this coming Monday night, be
there.
Pompega Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline, wrote for the current racing
schedule.
Go on to web at pompega park dot com or call him at 954-972-2000.
Happy New Year to all our friends at and from Pompega Park.
We're supporting you five since you, UAM.
On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil
God.
Look at the clarity.
Look at the clarity.
Everybody know why.
Why are you wearing a dress?
I'm gonna cross talk with Neil.
Why, you don't like it.
That's not what cross talk means.
Hey, if that's what Neil wants, I, you know, these nylon's make my legs stingy.
They hug me, they hold me, they never let me down.
I came in here to tell you specifically to talk more in sport.
I thought about it.
What else can you say, dude?
I mean, there's more to life than pretending you know sport, especially.
That in reality wouldn't give you the sweat under their balls.
For the life than sports like what?
Like getting laid.
What a homo.
You mean you never got laid?
Are you serious?
None of your business, honey.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll try my best, I'll try my best, I'll try my best, I'll try my best, subscribe, and kill my weight
Thanks a lot man.
I like to look at sweaty men
It makes my babyakapon the fool
And winter hotlin' gives me a rush
To feel fun in the crowd with the moo
That's why I'm a idol virgin
I like to play with my bogbell
and ball
I can't get away
You know what you are, you're a goddamn rag Total
But this is how you're calling it.
Call the ambulance.
Yeah.
Quick way.
1, 16.
I'm here.
A lot of rumors about Perral.
Aren't you?
Oh, yeah.
I'll over the place.
All of them from me.
Kansas State quarterback, L. E. L. L. What kind of an Amazon?
L. Roberson was accused yesterday of sexually assaulting a woman
at the T. Motelist status for the festival.
And I may not be determined until game time.
Oh my god.
Kansas State sports information director Gary Bowman
said Coach Bill Snyder will meet with athletic
director Tom Weiser in school president John Wayfield
last night.
Oh, they were going to meet.
But said a decision likely won't be made to late today.
Games, what time is it at 8 o'clock tonight?
A fee, a stable.
You're going to be glued to that.
Kansas State, Ohio State, the buck eyes.
Oh, yes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Lots of rumors about Perral coming back.
That's what I'm hearing in the new year.
415 votes.
We got about as much chance to make in 500 votes by 2 o'clock
on his pool as Perral coming back.
419, no chance.
WDQM, happy new year.
Hey, open the cock in Cocker, Daniel.
WDQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
Hey, I wish Perral come back.
But I know you're just joking.
How about a Perral G team?
What sounds like a winner to me?
I like it.
I need something to keep him around, man,
because I love that voice.
OK.
More more coming.
Sounds like a winner to me.
Sure, go over better than that.
No, Howard David and Keychain.
That went over like, oh, we shouldn't knock it.
No, they're selling.
He was very nice to us on that.
He was great.
Right, mighty white.
I'm not really also nice.
And we didn't need his permission anyway.
But of course, Muff is a pansy.
So that's the reason we had to ask Muffer's permission
to do the keychain.
And he said, when he liked the charity and all this other crap,
so we don't want to knock it too much.
But the fact of the matter is we
derailed a lot more money with a Perral Keychain,
and make no mistake about it.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Even he knows that.
But we screwed up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
So in other words, you must hang around in different circles
than the beast in Miguel.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I do.
Because Josh can verify this.
They were telling me they were lamenting the fact
that we have no audience anymore.
Because since Farrell got canned, everywhere they go,
that's all they hear.
That's the word on the street, is the QM audience has re-build.
And they will not come back until Farrell comes back.
I guess I'm just not getting to those places.
You're just not hanging out in the right choice, man.
That's the problem.
It's a time out there on the street corner up
by the sub-center.
I know what you do it over there.
Water pipe.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
What is it?
What is it?
Oh, it's him again.
Yeah, that's what it is.
A freak.
WQM, hello.
Hello, news.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
On that Michael Jackson special,
you think they're going to blow out a space
like they did last time, physically enhanced with space?
To make them a little more black?
You can make them look a little more normal, I guess.
Only time will tell him, you'll be the one marching pale,
not me.
I'm not going to be watching it.
No, if you paid me by the second, I wouldn't watch a craft.
CBS, you ought to have tears running out of those CBS eyes.
Man, what about your horrors?
Just unbelievable.
The worst horrors even Kathy Willetz would be embarrassed.
Putting that crap on there, Michael Jackson's number one hit
so I'd tonight on CBS, which they postponed from November.
And of course, what a long wait, right?
Yeah.
Till January the second, what a bunch of assholes you people
at CBS are.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, how many of you can have our
Kelly special on right afterward?
And that's how good?
Sure, why not?
And then we can follow that up with A.
Like her basketball game.
And a nice Catholic mass.
WQAM, hello.
Sure, what is it?
I'm a
Elvis Freaking press release from my country, man.
I like does he or does?
Yeah.
He can say.
He can play.
Sit down.
Go sit down.
Go up in the back of the way.
Put out a dust cap and sit down.
Fony, fony, fake hysterical call.
Stand up for your people.
5, 6, 7, by the way, pal, why don't you stand up for
instead of bending over all the time?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Welcome.
On a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
See there, they're trying.
They're doing their best to do their duty.
She's a monkey faced, ugly, dead bitch.
That's the bottom line with Sir D'Ackres.
That was probably Miguel's boyfriend on the phone.
A scary, catarewalling bitch.
Very nice, actually.
Oh, a nice, nonetheless.
WQAM, happy new year.
Hi, happy new year.
I was just calling to wish you guys happy new year.
Well, thank you so much.
I'm glad you're feeling it, but listen to it.
OK.
Thanks, bye bye.
OK, that was nice and see.
We got a couple of nice ladies on there.
Two or three.
They're out there.
Far, few and far between, man.
How many votes we got?
I'm not going to read the result because it's getting ponderous.
430.
400 and...
About 30, man.
We got no chance for 500 by two o'clock.
So it's a damn good thing for you that I lowered the bar.
Yeah, the sports bar.
Low bar.
WQAM, happy new year.
New.
Yes, sir.
Good to have you back, buddy.
Yes, it is.
It's a lot better than having old gas drawers on the...
OK, same old tired craft.
You're people, man.
They hate you.
What is that?
What are they obsessed with you?
That one guy.
What do you mean that one guy?
It's called pre-trial.
Oh, we've had a whole bunch of Cubans calling in today.
I know.
In fact, they're off of me now.
They're on your ass.
All of a sudden, now you're a faggot.
That's all I know you're a faggot.
Maricn, Maricn, Maricn.
We got to go in and buy both the wits.
Yeah, maybe they're trying to make a date.
Those Cubanos, where are those?
What?
Like Celia?
Oh, that's a new rock group.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to discuss it with Neil, please.
I think you're pardoned.
Can I talk to Neil, please?
Maybe.
Where are you calling from?
I'm calling from Miami Lakes.
I'm Florida.
Miami Lakes?
Yes.
Go right ahead.
OK, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to talk to George if it's possible.
I want to support a guy who's sent out for a stand-up who is...
It's a freaking tube that goes like you, man.
What's going on?
You see what I mean?
So what do you think?
What do I always tell you?
What do I always tell you?
What do I always tell you?
And that is that ordinarily, no matter what the hell is going on in the world,
we can be dropping nuclear weapons on the Japan again,
and there would be no calls from the Cuban community.
But if it's either alien or Celia Cruz, all of a sudden,
you know, the same old tired craft again, just like in Miguel, man.
Yeah, same old stuff.
Right.
Boy, talk about freaking one-dimensional,
just like the old Jews with Israel and Jew Lieberman.
QAM.
QAM?
George, stand up for Montana, you're people, George.
That's right.
I didn't know you were a Joe Montana fan.
Jimmy Bush played for Thanos and Francisco.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Marlos Line.
We're a little long singing a song, killing a little of time here day after a new year.
WQAM.
Thanks.
Yes, sir.
You know, there are Go to Molly Island's column in the full-ward strike zone round today,
because they're talking about, because the thing you're talking about,
how Cheney was cozy and he kept the phone until the year 2000, just for the year 2000.
That's right.
Hella Burton was doing business with him.
He was this horrible dictator butcher that in the meantime they were doing business with him.
$55 million worth of business.
Put it on your website.
Okay, we've headed on there, but we'll do it again.
Thank you, sir.
Get a new phone.
All right.
No.
That's right.
When people are in the bathroom, they'll go to the bathroom.
They'll go to the bathroom.
They'll go to the bathroom.
They'll go to the bathroom.
They'll go to the bathroom.
Sweet.
5.670560, I mean,
Sanya Cruz dies and you're making fun of her.
I think that is such bad taste.
I'll lie and enjoy it.
5.670560, 560 on the AT&T line,
432 votes on that pool.
They're pouring in by the ones, man, just like the attendance of the Panther games.
They're probably going to be a big crowd today to be like 15,000 Flier fans this afternoon.
Now, is that game tomorrow?
Is that a home game?
Do we know what Josh or not?
I hate to put the pressure on you.
They're playing Columbus will be unusual to have a Friday and Saturday.
Are you back to back at home?
I'm not sure.
They're playing the Blue Jackets with their new coach because Doug McLean fired himself as coach of the Columbus Blue Jackets
without even saying any four-letter words.
Oh, speaking of something like that.
Yeah.
I asked about that.
Panther's preview thing.
And it's a special feature that we're doing a couple times a year during the hockey season.
A special feature?
Right.
What is that all about?
It's a special feature.
In some other words, Gellie's going to bring us hockey information up the butt.
Up the butt.
Right on the bodystand.
Up the butt.
Yeah.
In-depth.
Wow.
That's a good way.
So in other words, this was a right off this day.
No wonder we have no spots and they told me don't even bother coming in today if you don't want to.
Like it's optional.
Actually, they said, OK, fine.
Sounds good to me.
But no, not me.
Not being a glut.
A glute time for punishment that I am.
I'm enjoying it, actually.
We had a pretty good show today.
Oh, we had a good show today.
I mean, four hours.
Huh?
437 votes there.
434, man.
That's not bad.
We'll do that for Fiddy.
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003?
That's on neo-rodgers.com.
Hop on it, baby.
Hop on it.
We're going to play Senior Cruise Records all week next week if you don't cut it out.
OK, we got the whole best of hits here.
And look at that.
Rush Limbaugh just moved into first place.
He passed the group at eight.
All right.
Rush Limbaugh's recognition 133.
I voted for that.
Honle the groupinator-relector governor of California 127.
Michael Jackson the rest of that.
I voted for that.
77.
Kobe Bryant rate case 47.
Martha Stewart's insider training 15.
Insider training bra.
Paris Hilton's sex tape 9.
Strom Thurmond's love child 9.
By the way, speaking of love child, that Beyonce knows, man.
I'm so sick and tired of seeing that bitch.
Jesus Christ.
That bed and Beyonce plays.
I'm so sick of it.
Aren't you just tired of her already?
No, she needs to get naked or.
Oh, she sure is how can't sing.
No, I'll tell you that.
I mean, Brittany can't sing.
But at least she looks pretty good.
Although she did kiss Madonna.
Who kissed Dennis Rodman?
He has other things.
Oh, God.
Can you imagine?
I don't want to think about it.
Yeah, gross.
Strom Thurmond's love child 9.
Madonna and Brittany TV kissed.
Speaking of that, seven.
She had her tongue down to her uveola.
Roy Horn, malled by Tiger 5.
Roy.
Ben and J. Lowe wedding still.
I love these last two, man.
At least they're consistent today.
They don't want to know from them ever again.
Two stories.
Ben and J. Lowe wedding still only got three.
And fat bull, like Rosie O'Donnell and her lawsuit
and all her son dance, has only got a small pair.
I am.
This is sports when you will fight the QAM.
Elton John hasn't been able to get out of the studio.
He's back there again with his.
They're dropping like flies album.
A tribute to John Denver.
You'll hear that classic.
I'm dying in a prop plane.
Goodbye, Rocky Mountain Road.
Hello, this is Elton John in Elby, in this studio,
to record other tribute records.
That's right.
Look for a good bye up the R.
And a candle in the Cremlin.
A tribute to Joseph Stalin.
Elton John's tribute album.
They're dropping like flies on sale now.
He is the best.
You see, I'm sticking up for my people.
Who?
The fags?
I'm sticking up for my people.
That's what I just said.
Elton John, you getting with it?
I got it.
You guess what?
We're going to go for the 500.
All right.
No, see, we got 446.
We got a half an hour.
And we got 446 votes on the pool.
We can make 500 before the end of this show.
All right.
And the threat being that if we don't make the 500 by two o'clock,
by the time little hand hits the big hand,
George is on again all next week.
What's not to like?
George.
I got the, let's see, three weeks more vacation before October.
I better start taking them real soon like next week.
446.
Who do you think, what do you think was the biggest celebrity story
of 2003?
449.
51 votes in 29 minutes.
That's like only less than two a minute.
That's child's play.
If we have anybody listening, we ought to be able to do that
like roll out a bit, like turn off the CD cruise record on a radio.
566.
How do we regurgitate here all over again?
How do we dread here?
I guess, no, I guess because she died last year, but how not?
Let's dig her up.
Proper up again.
You have to stick up for your people.
Yeah.
And I agree with you.
Babalu, I like, I mean, Desi are there.
That is sure.
I mean, ask the average schmuck out of street out there in a middle
America like in Des Moines in Des Moines, Iowa.
Who do you like better?
See that cruiser Desi Arnez.
Remember, I love Lucy Deser.
Look, he was funny.
He couldn't act.
He was a great businessman.
Right, great producer.
Babalu musician.
Right.
He couldn't sing for crap.
At least that's one thing they had in common.
At least we knew what the gender he was.
He sang better than Celia.
At least we knew what gender he was, as opposed to Celia.
Although I will say, I think she had a larger penis.
WQM, happy new year.
Fail.
Yes, sir.
Why are you ripping Celia crew, man?
Because we can't stand Celia crew's man.
Celia crew is a beautiful person.
Yeah.
On the inside.
I met a woman.
Uh huh.
Go ahead.
I met a woman.
She was beautiful.
You met him once.
Haha.
Alright.
Excellent job, Pallie.
Three and a half hours to get to that.
Haha.
I met him once.
Oh, God.
Probably at the teaboot with JC Pennies in Westland.
Do you imagine you're looking through one of the glory holes
at JC Pennies and there's Cinecruise on the other side, holy crap.
I'm not a John Deleiver.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the look at that 450 for man
We only need 46 and 27 minutes. That's less than two a minute. That's one every 30 seconds. How many seconds?
I'm turning it with it hop on it
WQA
That must have been Celia calling from the other side WQM heavy new year. Is this Neil?
Sounds like me. Yes. Hey Neil. How you doing pretty good? I'm passing a front of Westland mall right now
Why didn't you why doesn't Celia Cruz on your pole?
You mean the death of Celia Cruz?
The death of Celia Cruz. I mean that's news down here even though it doesn't matter but
Let's see what what is the question again? What is the biggest celebrity story of 2003 the death of Celia Cruz?
By the way, I know what you're doing. You're looking for the glory hole. Yeah, that's why he's down to her Westland
See we finally find a way to get the Cuban community involved in this show again
Next week we're going to be talking about alien all week. Let's bring him back. Okay?
That's an excellent pull. Who would you rather have come back for all or alien or Celia or or Celia Cruz?
She's got no chance against them 457 43 modes and counting baby the pressure is
Building you could almost smell it
WQM happy new year
Hello Neil. Yes, ma'am
Celia rock in your day
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Senior rocks in your game. I think he said Celia rots. Oh, Celia rots. What he said?
It's a no that was a lady that was not a guy
Well, maybe we're right. I'm not really sure it was both
Maybe that's why they were so much in common five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
The average person anywhere in the world wouldn't know Celia Cruz from Freddie Cruz guarantee you that
It's an alien
Yeah, she me the best man at Celia Cruz
She's playing right field for the Marlins next season
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
See that's that's why South Florida has no hope because it's never gonna change. It's always the same
Just for a hundred years from now. That'll be the same crap. I would be the same. There'll be like all these little McGell's running around
That's all they know that's all they know from it. Come on. You know what's human human? I'm really the same old crap
Come on Easter come on Easter
WQ am your communist station. Hello at one point George's show was so bad that he had burnouts calling for advice on
Bond techniques burnouts like you huh you sound boy talk about the pot calling the kettle
Smoking it somebody else's pot
Boy does that guy have a burn out sound or what huh? Yeah, seriously. You know what I mean
Like he's got a cozy over his push he heard all of it
But he was listed that's the guy that hates you like poison and of course he's trying to disguise his voice
He's got a sock over it and they a phone too
But he listened to every minute see that's the thing that cracks me up about all you people is that all it was so bad
But I want me to listen for if you don't like this show right now
What do you listen for we're out of business anyway?
We don't give a crap we get paid the same way do you listen? They're not we'd like to have everybody listen
We need your help in 2004 to listen more and don't get sore but
471 votes we got to see you never dreamed in your wildest dreams because you're always selling me short man
I'm only short in one respect
But leave me the most important one too, and it's very sad. It's a sad sad situation
But I guess it's a good thing you see the Lord was looking down on me when he made me into a little modicone because
When you're gay then making a difference whether you got a large penis or not when you're head were sexual of course these women out there
These demanding women they are looking for somebody with a big big tool is what they're looking for big wallet big wallet and a big tool to go along with it
471 votes on that pool on a British Air Lines flight 223 canceled for the second straight day
We had another tragic event and bits and pieces of information as there was in 911
We're out there and people didn't act on it
The terrorists greatest ally is the public's you know just a appearance of inconvenience and
We've got to keep our
Defences and there's a terrorist right there. They're showing a crowd from that British Airlines look like a terrorist to me
I think the real reason is that the US finally wise up. We don't want any more brits over here
There's something that's a good reason force for me
475 I'm refreshing it again, man. The guy that's refreshing
Better than my armpits. It's a good thing. I brought all that fall back 479. We need only 21. We're gonna do it man. We're gonna look it
And you know why you know who we can thank?
Hope see that cruise. Oh, yeah, she inspired this tremendous outpouring from this audience
WQ am happy new year happy new year
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah
Speaking right now I'm speaking hey
Latinos but without
Oh brother without us and first of all don't lump the Cubans it was the rest of Latinos
They came a that the separation before plus we dumped them anywhere so they're stopped referring to his panic as Latinos
Yeah, and quit with this all that meered a stuff
US ready to seize Gulf oil in 1973 the US considering using force to seize oil fields in the Middle East during an oil embargo in 1973 quite a British government
Documents just made public two more pages if you want them no no no we're not doing this anymore
I'm telling you that we're not gonna start reading if we want to put it on the website fine
I'm I'm serious about that if you think I'm gonna sit here just because you enjoy it and
Read these long pondress articles. This isn't the goddamn Christian science reading room
This is an entertainment show okay, and you know what yourself when you took that poll and you looked at the results and people saying oh
Talking politics on a talk show is important that I was a head of the right
Right preaching to the choir would be the understatement of the century. Okay. How many votes are we gonna influence?
Yeah, less less
The only votes we care about are the ones on the poll because we need to get over 500 or else. Let's see 492
492
How do you like that? Yeah, and I'm sitting here getting excited about it
I should be pissed off and fired up. I thought when I started it. Maybe I had a shot, you know what I mean?
And another nice week off paid vacation extra week
Curse of George, but no no such luck
Now the guy to call that we dumped he said started with a Cuban stuff and the Latinos and if it wasn't for us
You wouldn't be Schmidt and you wouldn't smell and you wouldn't have no guava virus and you wouldn't have no goddamn
What are the colors bananas?
Plantanes play we have no plantains in plantations
Father of William meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba
Well, Mr. Gonzalez. How was your trip?
Any good glasses? Do you have any questions before we go any further?
CCC this box with the pictures. It's in kind of what is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh
Mr. Lloyd, what does what does mean apart on me?
Well, it means what's up like what's going on?
Waza
Right, it's a greeting. Waza
Now I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you soon
What is it? Oh this pizza hot stop cross pizza is incredible
How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
I'm not sure so as I was saying
Waza
As I was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible
Bye bye bye. Are you going somewhere? No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band in sync with my new sonny
Disman is incredible. Yes, Mr. Gonzalez. They are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the
Just another play and you're getting for two you must take me but eat eight no lie
Bye bye. Oh, God sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? What are you?
Local I love it here. There's like 300 channels on keyboard and I can watch all the Yankee games, but sir
Mr. Lawyer, what is it Mr. Gonzalez?
I am Celia Cruz and I am dead now, but I remember when I was alive. I will listen to the new one
I just figured it out we're fugued
We are fugued for 2004 and the many more you want to know why why look at the demographics now the the Cubans of course
They're they like bush they've boot you boot people and the ones who don't like boots they at least like see that cruise and her
Butch
That is pretty butch huh that's the so we're screwed there as far as the
The liberal there are no liberal white males the white males are all the butch people over 60%
The old Jews their Lieberman people so we pissed them off
What when we got left how many people we got left
About 30 man that's it
But the good news for you is 516 votes man. I can't believe it. This audience come through or what?
Yeah, nice going folks
We didn't take you handed in you, but it took see that cruise to do it to pull it the best out of them
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 T by the way, you're not supposed to use steel wall mist, Rudge
WQM happy new year
job
WQM
Yes sir
Yeah, happy new year to you and towards and the same to you sir
Thank you very much. I don't know why you're picking on the Cuban people after all. They've made highly and Miami
What it is today? Yeah
I just wanted to say like I said happy new year to you and quit with the ethnic slurs
5 6 7 0 5 60
Right off the mat they see a little opening there they think it's for serious and right away
They want to start the anti-cuban thing any anti-black thing any anti-old Jew thing which is not a bad idea
5 6 7 0 5 60 now I'm curious about that 80 plus of the
Vision test for the old driver. Oh, and you know what I haven't even talked about which I'm sure you did
Sat is jib's a jail for Jesus. Oh, I did yeah, sure posted a story about it
I read about that and I just wanted to pute my guts on me how how obvious can it possibly be right here's this family of
Crooks and is born again a liar piece of crap there your governor man you people need mental help that put him back in there
Wants to have a prison an optional prison where they can like turn to Jesus. What do you mean wants to it's it's happening as we speak
You have to be kidding me. No, no, it's a done deal. It's a done deal
800 member prison and what they're doing is the the prisoners that don't want to be part of that are going to be relocated to make room for the prisoners who do want to be yeah
And so what what prison that we send a Jews to it's a good thing myrlandsky's dead raford
Oh man
Like the Chinese like to say boys and girls. It's a gaysha belt especially in florida especially when a your leaders names are all buch
God
500 and some odd votes. I can't believe it's 518
Like I said if we don't get 600 votes
WQM heavy new year
Happy new year man this and you know I'm pissed. I want to know why hasn't any NFL team
interviewed a Cuban for a head coaching position excellent point outstanding
We're gonna start an investigation right now that was the best
We have we have a serious ethnic slur there on a part of the national football league and the national hockey league
How many goals are there except for many Fernandez or whatever the hell his name was it played for Dallas
I don't think he was Cuban whatever it really was some speak
Excellent point. We ought to get all of our sports shows forget about
One stat and about crying over spilt milk at about the hercune just slipped by a girls team and won the orange ball on a crap
Let's get on the important stuff. Let's get a good viral
Cuban NFL coach huh? What do you say we'll get the big O on the case
In fact, I say the big for a dolphin head coach
Take off those checkered pants. Hey, if you look at for supplies for your next household repairs man
You should come to the right join where the service is totally smoking
Yeah, man come to stone people
Welcome you stone deeper dude. How may I like it help you with what not?
Yeah, I need some PVC pipe. Oh sure. Oh like this one man
What what manager?
Some people is a great-natured man if you enjoy wandering up a land
I as you know to see how many five heads you can meet in a large outluchin
Excuse me sir. I noticed you're you're not looking what you're going with that huge
Oh
But in my defense I did just smoke the biggest bowl in a history of common bud and your harsh in my buzz
I've stoned people associates will light up whatever you come through the thaw
Three customer dude. Yeah, I was your last night and asked you for eight three quarter inch nails and
And you gave me three eight quarter inch nails
So you came back to thank me most excellent don't people
We're the only thing higher than our prices. Is our employees?
Yeah, he won papers and plastic bro
Don't forget our poll question that I can't ask us macho George or St. Lucruz
Could 152 with five 60 Wtq. I mean it's tough. That's a tough one. Yeah, it's a tough choice
527 votes, but did I shock the crap out of you or what you said? I'm quoting directly you said no chance
Right, right?
We're like about 10 minutes till one and you said no chance
We had like whatever we had three
49 then you started ripping sell you
That did it so that's gonna be the new format for this is just an experimental show today
We're just dicking around a little bit to see what the audience really wants
They want four hours of Celia cruise bashing all all day every day
Yeah, and we can apply in fact you've got all the songs there don't you all of them somewhere somewhere somewhere
I'm over the rainbow. I have all those here too
Got a whole batch of Celia
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th and Verizon wireless line
We got what's his name Curtis Stevenson was a great American he's coming up for the mad dog next was the mad dogs on the
Ashen of a six and a half month vacation
And then we got Gildey on game night is a real treat for the hockey fans out there how many are there
Gildey on game night with an hour long
Torturous preview of the a Panther game panthers got 35 points there. They're like
Hang in and there thanks to Bobby LaWango if you don't make like 40 50 great saves every game to get the rascic but nevertheless
The youngsters in the organization and Rick that leads to the coach because he works cheap
Panther preview at 430 the panthers and the flyers at five could be extraordinarily ugly and ever know
Fiesta bowl Kansas Stano house they with it without that sparser quarterback at 8 o'clock any K at midnight and the ESPN radio overnight
And we're hearing that the rumors about somebody
The new telling you for the show you heard a lot of rumors you spoke to him in that 34 C and
Man
He's got man cow disease
WQM happy new year
You play something for
How's that play the whole song okay
205 205 we're gonna play Cilla Cruz all after it and hear my studio
Gonna sit here and have a festival a Cilla Cruz festival in my pantaloonies. It'll be effective
It will be very festive and gay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 but I can't wait to go to lunch. I don't know what the I don't know. I'm just gonna see today
And maybe I'm it's only me
But if you I was to bet that it was Friday
Even though I know it is on the calendar here. Yeah, I just I can't believe it. No, I don't feel like it
It is so on Friday ish all the way around Monday. God is it to seem like Monday sure
Seems like Saturday to me Sunday morning
Saturday Sunday Monday. How's that Palonia doing by the way?
5 6 7 oh I didn't take the best part of the whole deal well
So on the flight over to Amsterdam from Toronto we take a 777 you ever far one of those no sir. That's the brand new big wide
The big wide one okay now I will say this uh
I don't know was no big deal all over the road those those things are fast as hell
At one point we were going 673 miles an hour
Paul and ass all right like riding a Cadillac in the sky
But the best part of it is the the on board entertainment thing
Not only do you have your own little TV monitor
But unlike like how it back always like an MD 11 old-fashioned crap and just have a few select movies in the the map to watch the stare at
But this thing had like about oh, I don't know a whole bunch of movies
More than that including all three godfathers
And you just punched in whatever had games and just all kinds of crap
So even though you might die up there in the sky one of these days all depending on the crap that's going on the world
You're gonna have a great time. How do you doing it though?
What a way to go watching the godfather and and guess what I don't ask me why I don't know what there were all these other
Movies on there many of which I hadn't seen but I see the godfather. I just can't I can't escape, but I can't turn it off
And
As I'm sitting there watching it in my mind. I'm doing the the dialogue, you know what I'm saying like Rocky horror you're
Doing the movie you're doing it
WQM happy new year
Cila whoseline
Bad phone that was Cila calling from the box
WQM Cila cruise line
And back to you mr. Roger
See
To the American people oh my god
Golda may hear was to the
She looked a little bit like Joe to magio and beside that he used to play center field for the Habana team and baseball
I have managed sugar kings. Yeah, she used to be a very good center field. So don't knock it please. Okay amigo
I'll pick your meters
5 6 7 0 5 6 the oldest Cita cruise bashing man. It sounds to me like a very definitely on American
Which we like 5 6 7 look at that sunny and 52 tomorrow huh wait your heart out casted over
Next week it's gonna be freezing here though, and that's probably why I'm coming back very soon
533 votes are you ready for that?
What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003
Rush Limbaugh drug addiction 175 half another one rush you lion funny bastard
Arnold the group on the related governor of California 150. Oh, and let me say this to you too
You know how this story came out about how he was allegedly getting blackmailed by Wilmother made and all this other crap
And her husband let me ask you something how come it took so long for them to make up
I mean for them to a come forward with that story
See what I'm saying yeah, if he was really getting blackmailed
He say that right out of the box
Before he went off for detox they were negotiating is that it
Yeah, they're playing pinnacle
With a negotiator
159 votes for the group and they were like the governor of California
Michael Jackson the rest of 87 and he was sure beaten up and brutalized wasn't it no
The Kobe Bryant rape case 54 Martha Stewart insider trading pro starts judge
January 22nd for those who care 15
Strom Thurman's love child 15 pericelton sex tape 10
See, I don't understand why anybody would want to see her doing anything. She's so gross so skanky
Now the guy, well, that was his name Rick Solomon. I heard it
I got a circumspect
Madonna and Brittany TV kiss eight Roya Horan mall by the Tigers got six Roy
Benin
Look at the bottom two they aren't moving man. They're not changing. I love it
Ben and JLo wedding is spin stuck on three for hours how many hours
And Rosie O'Donnell lawsuit she finally got another 70 vote. She's got a pair a big fat ugly smelly pair
But that's it out of 534 votes. That's a beautiful thing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
I can actually say I must enjoy being here today almost almost all will see it's not over yet. WQ AM
Like I said almost
WQ AM happy new year. Hey, how you doing deal pretty good?
Yeah, just real quick. You know what station thought the Laura's on
What station doctor Laura is on? Yeah, because all the time with this
Oh, this asshole wants an over there. Now they took her ass off the air because she couldn't find an audience of a god damn phone booth
We don't know what she's got. We don't care. In plus the last thing they needed was another right wing talk host on i.o.d
On cheat channel and sure enough they got another tamper reject
Glenn Beck rhymes with Dreck and Schmeck
Anyway, that's gonna do it. This was okay today, you know, in prison
It was just breezing and
Parisian prison it will be soon and I'll be back tell mobile to we're gonna like dress all up from when I come back
I'm gonna I hope in a buzz his mad grudge hats every day and we can like do with like a fashion contest between me and the
Emomized to I gotta sell you cruise wig you can wear all right
I can't wait in fact. I might just go do an appearance in it anyway
We got Curtis Stevens and come at our next time we're gonna Haka trinick with hockey for hours and hours until you puke your guts out
On the way to begin telling you what's wrong with that
