Want to do an open-out? You like to show so far? What do you say?
I'm listening. That's all I count. So, okay, as long as he's listening, I'm happy.
You know what I'm talking about?
Hour from Boca. That's the guy.
Boy, it's a good thing we got these fart sounds out of here. Look at all the good stuff we got on here now.
Yeah?
That was bad anyway.
What? All those fart?
Yeah, that was bad stuff. We don't want to play farting sounds, do we?
Oh. Anyway, we got some bad news speaking of bad to get started.
They said that we apologize. We've been off the air for about what, 40 minutes?
What time they go off, Tennah?
Something like that? Yeah.
That's because you're living in a tropical sewer.
Is where you're living, you're living in a nightmare on a paradise.
It's paradise, isn't it paradise?
I'm in.
listening time oh I saw him I looked into the windows morning wave
He didn't do the wave. Oh, it's thinking of doing the wave. I hate to break the news to you idiots out there
But the wave went out with Nickers
Just because they're giving away a bunch of free crap out there
No stupid little rings, you know those make believe rings. Oh now we got to actually and do the wave. Oh brother
America is looking at you and they're saying what a bunch of
Where's oh, I don't have the bleep on here. It's not that thing. Yeah. Oh
Well, this is weird sounding is it but this happens every Monday when I come back to town
Which is why I don't come out back very often the first day is always it is after it sounds really
Tinney done it again like it always does
Really tinny and funky and weird the TV is all screwed up because everything blew out here on Friday
Because it was storming and lightning and thundering in the end of the world. Where's the bleep? Okay?
No, I know it
there is
So what I was saying is America is watching and I said what a bunch of
Being idiots down there doing the wave they didn't get the word the message that the that went out a
Zidaneers ago, okay, let's get the death count out of the way here at the beginning of the show like we do every day
Since nobody seems to care very much
Three US Marines have been killed in fighting West Bank that bringing the total number of US troops killed since Friday
To 23 this sounds awful. This sounds like I'm yeah, it sounds off talking through a tin can
Did somebody diddle with this mic and you did Zach do it on Friday? I think exactly
By the way, I chose Zach
Zach the rubber people were playing in house one hell of a rock you man. They were a really just going nuts
For the last 45 minutes probably had a bigger audience than we got right now
Anyway, and to kind of put it in better perspective
Gunfire was largely silenced today in a second day of a truce in Fallujah where rocky doctors said 600 people
Including many civilians were killed top US military spokesmen said about 70 Americans and 700 insurgents have been killed since April 1
But I thought it was a little over a year ago the war was over mission accomplished
We said accomplished all done right and he was out there on at the aircraft carrier all dressed up in a zoo suit
I mean you people have blood on your hands
I want to say that again all you bush people even Miguel was just in the doorway there
Don't let him vote by the way November keep mock your pie. He ain't gonna vote for bush says who he's gonna vote for Carrie
He better Miguel Escobar
Professional Kubano Kamenista Kamenista is gonna vote for John Kerry that's scary
Wow, I'd rather vote for Howard from Boka then push
Yeah, you got my vote mole. Let me tell you I'm listening I might as well use those a lot to runner
So anyway, we apologize for the day here, but of course on the sports station sometimes it's a public service
Well, I'm bitter man. I'm really bitter about being back here more so than ever before and
Oh, and now look at this
I
Already did that thing and it's still making noise back there everything here is a piece of crap
Okay, we apologize for the bad weather to I brought it from up north just to make everybody misery loves company
Right, that's our motto. What has been beautiful up until right until I got here
Well, you know, it was pretty nice right, but I waited till the workweek started because it was Easter Sunday and he has risen
You know by the way something yes, we have classical music in the background for some unknown reason
We're classical music in the background now of us. Yeah, all you intellectuals out there hallelujah, baby
Maybe we can have a real a movement which movement we're gonna have sure that's what we used to play not that movement
We don't want to get in the troll. Okay, let's do the breakers the good news is we got a few spots today
Not too many just enough maybe to make it up one if we don't have enough might a good new TV
We're gonna have another one of those funny auctions for
WKT Miami Beach Miami
Stay tuned for the Irvshindler show
What's Shirley Spellabuy
It's the juice station. I mean the Haitian station. I mean the classical station
But it ain't owned by Chief Channel anyway, that's something
Greg hate you good
Yeah, he went on vacation this week. He found out I was coming back. He can't face me
He had to leave had to bail out
Lying sack or crap. Oh, what about picking Howard Stewart on here. Oh, yeah, that's a good idea Greg
So we never got any spots on right?
No, I never even started. We never got to that point
Oh
Now we're definitely gonna have to another online auction
Just one every day
We got chachkies in here. We can auction. Yeah. Oh, yeah, the the muskrat right we got the
Pan through that pan can you imagine a pan through a picture there and their plaque get five thousand for that
The sales department picture. That's worth 50 grand easy sure. You got all those hockey plaques those bronzes
Up there that box of pecoroni. We just can't say what it is
Just with his ear glued waiting for me to start talking. He just can't miss a word. So even when we're off the areas
Hope we enjoyed the classical music that's bleed over from KAT WKAT Miami Beach Miami not
Yeah brings back bad memories. We got better music. Catch the cat to my passion disc over here just in case we go on
Oh, the passion of the Jesus. He is risen by the way. You know that oh, I know
Oh, they go into my neighborhood and see one of my neighbors has got a big flag and further house says he is risen
Keep your bummer, myses in your hour super sticking yourself. Please like a fine dough. He is risen. Right
In fact, maybe we can use Jesus as a pizza crust
At the law
Not don't not during paysock
Over by now I would think
Although we probably still have some leftover pacidiki candy is pass over
Now so what do we want do we just want to toss that other break? I don't care. I really don't care
I mean, this is always a reason why I don't come here is because this places a joke
Poor fixates out there trying to buy a new TV. So if the world comes to them, we can actually put it on the year
Anybody want to hear CNN? You're listening to it. Well, you can pop it up in there. Yeah, except I got Jerry
Oh, and you don't want to put anymore that golf crap. Okay, let's give you the results from yesterday from the weekend pool. Okay. Do I have them? I
Got them here somewhere
About which one of us is the most obnoxious? I think it's pretty obnoxious to the audience
You know, you should have probably changed your vote. Georgia's brother passed away on one day of last week
And Georgia's whole vacation was spent with funerals and depression and all that terrible stuff
He was only how old is 43 43 it'll be his birthday Saturday
No, it will not be
It would have been yeah, but now he's dead
So anyway, he was fat and he smoked a lot and it's really sad thing as he was a good guy and a good people of course
Of the dead people is down. Delaware said so and and all these people say you're obnoxious
So I think you know, you know, well, yeah
Based on what you know and hear and of course they all know so much don't they? Yes
Uh, who do you pick as the most obnoxious to W. Kim now they did get this one right our from Boca
He won by a landslide. I mean this is out of 2270 votes. He got almost a thousand votes nice going mo
I'm listening all right
Almost a thousand votes. What is clearance talking you in there? Okay, though spots
Forget about the spot leave that to screw in. I know she's not here today. So just forget about it
By the way, Gray's not here either today because I hate you right
Now that he sent you his condolences when your brother passed away
Gray no
clearance
No
Today today he can he can do it to me too late. I can do you last week on here. Thank you. Oh, you never called me
You should have called him just to what we yeah, I don't know something
I'm still I think I'm more in shock than you are if that's possible. I'm just that's the
The fat thing that's the scariest I'm like my misery to
All the fat people that you know, I have this habit of dying. Yeah, that's funny that way
That's three now right
Time we got me and I was at the track Saturday way to near my tracks through a folks you'll love this
But before we get to that and I'm watching fat rich sitting there just
Show loaded. I mean the food is coming out of the corner
No, I'm not exaggerating. I was getting physically nauseous watching him eat as the food was losing out of the corners of his mouth
Which is a shame because he's still not as fat as he was right now
He's he's lost about four five hundred pounds since his I would say since he maxed out since his peak right since he was
Dragon at bag around or whatever that was but no, and then my friend Derek who was always skinny skinny as a rail who comes to the track with us for many many years
He's got a big puppet now. He's fat
So the fat disease just
Out of control and of course in my house now that I'm home a few days
Oh, there's Easter eggs over here and there's candy over here and there's cookies Christmas cookies. It's Easter
It's a wrong holiday, but Christmas cookies with a little red and green sprinkles on it
Yeah
Just to make sure that I can get died before I get a chance to get out of here anyway. Here's the poor result
The most obnoxious person at QM coin to our audience Mojaro David at 943
Absolutely boy the Humper would surprise me the Hebrew hammer 329 pretty strong second for the hammer
George 151 we had a real good battle for a third place George 151 screw and 144
I bet I know who voted for her. Roy
I had 142 so the three of us they were right
Side by each Greg Reed 96 Greg H2
Gildy 91 Joseph Gackie 74 Freaky Carlo. She had 67
The big had 46
The mad dog 38 I know you're gonna. It's a good thing. She didn't have two more votes. I know
Mad dog 38 the beast 37 he is so useless man. I wonder everybody hates him Todd Rex pick an useless at 29 Joe Rose 19 fat boy
Had 19 votes is that in here? Oh, you don't even have it do you boy? The high appellate? Hi appellate
He had 19 Robert Grieper had 13 so I'm hitting little right wings you
Duff the muffmeister she had a dozen. I just noticed speaking ahead fat Zach had eight. Yes. He's got a current
Nice new glossy bush chanee bumper sticker on his car. Who does Robert Grieper?
bastard
Blood on your hands Grieper. Okay
Zach had eight in fact, he just ate and ate and ate and ate and ate and ate and ate
Which I can't believe anybody don't like it. He came and clearance had four because you want to know why small potatoes
Hope they'd heard that update this morning literally and figuratively. Yeah, it comes out here this morning on the Joe Rose show
I'm Josh Beckett. Yeah, yeah, you only wish you only wish you were Josh Beckett. Okay, clearance you little oh man
Weasel weasel junior
Don't you think absolutely a little weasel
Little wannabe anyway
W. I we're just the first three breaks don't resist. Okay. Now. What was he trying to tell you about the spots? You know
I know what how many of them go we're gonna be able to shove in how many five minutes six minute breaks
No, you're dreaming. You're dreaming. You're dreaming. We're plus the ones that we missed plus a few maybe from this afternoon
Just in case we go off again. Okay. What do you say we do all spots? Let's get a call here if we can get any calls
If there's anybody listen if we're still on a year somebody call in see what you think all spots between now and two
Sounds good to me and then we'll replace them in a Marlon victories five out of six at home, baby. Oh
Five six seven here we go WQA. I'm hello
There's a voice in the past that sounded like tiny and getting really frantic you see there is no
Nobody dies. It's right. They just go in the back. They go into like a holding pattern for a lot like purgatory
Lim right and then after they're like build up a little energy they come back. That was definitely tiny
And tiny says all spots
WQA. I'm hello
Uh, I'm Gull Neal. Yes sir. Okay. Thank you. There you go. That's all we needed all spots radio instead of all sports radio
What what what do you want? What is it that you want because I'm getting really irritated and having to see where face to face what is he want
We're not on delay
Yeah, so that means we're not taking any calls either. Yeah, don't do that. Oh no kidding clearance. Good one
Good one. That's not maybe let's go and just make it
So we can't take any calls
We shouldn't put that classical music from KAT in the background again
Kind of sue the audience because the way this kind of weather man like the world is coming to win
It's like it's like we're on
Not just standard time like we turn the clock back kind of like in the bush era. There you go
Turn the clock back a hundred years. It's dark. It's pinched her man. This is really bad
Now speaking of the end of radio in the end of the world the regular guys in Tampa on clear channel their fire
I mean in Atlanta fired fired
Right absolutely
At rocket land a morning show the regular guys remember when they got suspended you were still there was a couple weeks ago
Right yes, well, they're done
Hosted by Larry Wax and Eric Von Hasler was formally dropped by clear channel rocker on Friday following a thorough investigation by clear channel
Regional vice president general manager Pat McDonald and local management of a March 19 broadcast during which Wax and Von Hasler planned to
Arate backwards of a porn actor simulating various sex acts thus avoiding an FCC fine. They were going to play it backward but
What they were trying to tape went out live forward on 96 rock however rolling on an ether commercial
There was like under anything commercial see I only did one because if I did two of them that was an important graph
They dumped it we can't the door immediately suspended from WKLS and the statement McDonald said
We will announce replacement programming in the near future but remain confident our ability to continue to provide compelling entertaining and informative
Programming that meets the taste and desires of our listeners typical a clear channel. They're really concerned about their listeners
right
Wow
So we got that we can't do anything we could play some music
But I got a few bedtime stories here we
We hold about 35 minutes ready after we're in hopefully we'll go off the hurricane. That's what I'm praying for
Well, when you come back to time just want to ease into I'm not gonna lie to you
Enjoy when this transmit it goes on fact if there's anybody out there on Virginia key wherever it is new the
Transmitting I want to throw a stink bomb at it or just lift up your leg and throw a bomb at it got a pair of bolt cutters
Right that would be excellent
So just knock that baby off the air for a few days at least a week would be excellent
Then we can get it back. I want to get that out of here
Okay, let's do some commercials baby because Clarence is ringing his hands
He wants to make sure we don't have to run too many more of those damn
Options online those easily rip off options and pass them off as some kind of a charitable thing because he knows
I won't read those promos ever again bad boys said to me this boy says oh we're gonna be doing that again in June
I said no you're gonna be doing in June sweetheart because I'm not you won't hear about that no more on this show
I'll listen pre-recorded on a buy some spots
Hey speaking to buy some spots if your fat is a cow like everybody else now
I don't want to use your brother's death is a commercial thing here, but go for it the fact you're gonna die
Yeah, if you continue to be fat like in a dime you're gonna die now even if you're not fat you're still gonna die young probably not quite as soon
So if you want to die young stay fat like George and his brother and all of his friends who seem just it just they can't handle it
Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet and they'd live right to your door
Even if you don't want it they'd live a right to your door a little black sack three meals and two delicious gourmet snacks every single day
With all that food how can you really say you run a diet five feedings at the trough
Try the real meal service that delivers results based on dr. Barry Sears zone diet
Don't settle for imitations just imagine there's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting
Not even any carbohydrate counting which everybody seems obsessed with today and people on balance for life are losing an average
12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life
This could really extend your life because the zone diets proven to lower your blood sugar your high cholesterol and high blood pressure too
And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach side here's your chance to because balance for life
Is the closest thing you'll ever find you don't have to do any figuring out because balance for life is the only meal delivery company
Offers you menu choices that lets you go from phase one to phase three of the very popular South Beach diet
So feel the different seat of results on the scale stay alive
Maybe that's what it's all about stay alive lose that weight if you've tried all the other
Gimmitz and diets and just haven't been able to do it
This could be what you've been searching desperately for because they do all the cooking and all the worrying for you
Call balance for life today one eight six six two two five forty five forty three
That's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three run the web it's balance for life.com
My life is in the middle of
We are supporting you five six
You a. M
You're God
His name is
So
I
Between
By
He can't keep it his hand.
There in the news today,
Soon they will go away.
Won't have to see two cruises together.
One thousand with the sea,
Your other is I.C.
Who cares those cruises are not together?
Time's open, there'll be just get away from me.
Don't want to beat you cruises together.
They said they were in love,
But now they are broken up.
Won't have to see two cruises together.
I love it, I love it, I love it.
It's 11.256, WDQ, I'm happy Monday to it.
Happy Easter Monday.
You know I'm Britain today is Easter Monday.
Do you know that?
I was seen that on a calendar.
What's that about?
It's about having another day off.
It's about being a day late in the dollar short.
Well, it should be Monday.
What?
God on Friday, right?
Wasn't that good Friday when he died?
Right.
Three days after that is.
Because he hung out for three days before he came back.
Blue Monday?
Right, there you go.
It's Blue Monday.
That's what Fat Stomato said.
That's what the Fat Man said.
He's still alive, by the way.
That's one of the few fat guys that keeps hanging on.
Probably doesn't smoke.
Oh.
Anyway, here's our poll question for today before we get to some of these really amazing facts.
There's only amazing in a very bizarre sense.
Which of these do you care about least?
Golf.
You know, if I have to hear anymore about the freaking masters now, it was on an HDTV.
You could see the number on the ball.
Now back in the day, like about a month ago, when we can actually say something on the air,
I got some good lines for that, which we can't say anymore.
But you could see the number on the ball.
And I'm thinking, wow, holy cow, man.
Count the dimples.
What a...
Yeah, you could count the dimples on the ball and on the cheek too.
Golf.
The Marlins, which man, this town is just Marlin intensive, especially on days when they give a bunch of crap away free.
That's what they want.
I'll get to my racetrack story in a moment.
About you barbarians up there in Pompano Man.
I'm going to tell you really.
And I'm not saying this for a factor to be a Sarpus.
We got so many nasty, miserable, rotten people.
This is a beautiful place.
All of the weather sucks so a lot like today.
But the wrong people.
People transplant.
We need an immediate people transplant now, am I right?
Absolutely.
You got it.
I'll grab the bus.
Bus to men.
Oh yeah, I'll drive the bus.
In fact, I'm going to be bailing out just before I drive around off into the ocean.
I'll use cemetery village and win more people up there in Pompano.
I want my feet pro-grand.
Come on.
I'm next. I'm next.
The Marlin.
What do you care about at least?
Golf the Marlin's politics.
Sex.
Do you think anybody's going to vote for sex?
See, that's going to be a good test.
So what do you think?
Hockey.
The stock market or Howard Stern.
I just put a bunch of random things on here.
I think it's kind of interesting.
Which you care about least.
I would say a golf.
There are a lot of ties there.
Golf.
Oh.
The Marlins at least, I don't know.
There's at least, it gives these people something to do.
But golf.
I mean, you talk about lifeless.
Look at the kind of people who play a lot of golf.
Howard from Bokeh.
Yeah, rest my case.
Bore you with the light.
And there's people watching other people play.
And if you watch real closely on your HDTV set,
you can actually see the number of the ball and count the dimples.
You can see the windings underneath the exterior shell of that hard little ball.
God, get a life.
And he's got the green jacket on.
And Zach on Friday was trying to tell me when I kept complaining that I didn't care about it and I refused to.
This is the most prestigious golf center of the mall.
That would be like saying, that would be like putting your finger in your nose saying,
here's the most prestigious booker I ever picked out of my nose.
And we could like put it on display in these little ones.
It's the half hard and half springy.
And all of America could like, oh my god, look at that thing.
Is it like animal vegetable mineral or all of the above?
You know, young and brown.
Wow.
Golf.
You people with your golf.
And of course, that's the kind of people that this down attracts.
I heard Mothe the other day going on.
Of course, about Arnold Palmer.
Oh, this morning it was going about how Nicholas should have had the class to wait until Saturday.
It was Arnie's day on Friday.
See, these are all a bunch of blue nose.
Where's that thing?
F***ing holes.
Remember when they are in the crippled golf window, Casey Martin or whatever his name was?
Oh, no, you can't have a cart because that gives you an unfair advantage.
You'll even know you're probably going to die in a few weeks.
And then when the broad one again there and I'll go, oh, we can't have any woman or a bunch of blue nose, a leadist, uh, f***ing holes.
And that's what golf's all about.
That's the kind of people that are like specializing at.
Howard from Broken.
And his ilk.
Anyway, I hope a ball hits you right where your skull used to be.
Okay, Moe right where there must grads it.
Anyway, here's some faxes.
This is cute.
Look at that.
The passion of the fax of the mice.
And there's Mickey nailed to the cross and he's saying.
Oh, I know.
That's cute.
Nice going.
Nice artwork.
Thanks, Bally.
Whoever that was.
Now, here's one that says, and of course, we don't care.
I hope you people understand we don't care.
We just want to get the spots in.
We got so a lot of breaks today.
Long ones.
It says, computer nerds rule.
I hope you realize that sometimes those pictures you display of new celebrities are fake.
They're what's commonly known as Photoshop jobs.
This is when you take the head of a celebrity and paste it on the body of somebody else.
It's sometimes very difficult to tell the fake one from a true image is what it says.
This guy's happened but never on our website.
No, we don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
We don't.
I'll do the fake one.
We don't put fail pictures on our thing.
If you're 75 or 45 pieces of identity sharpen your ears and stickist in it.
I'd check them out.
She was born January 3rd in 1947.
This picture is from the scandalous poster said I would never do such thing.
said that she had to pay the guy not to publish but of course they got out there anyway.
It was a big news story and everyone saw them and they're very well established as real
...
Exactly.
So anyway, she was born January 3rd, 1946 in Fukuoka, Japan.
I know, I said it.
In Fukuoka, Japan, she's 58, she's the eldest of $2.00, she's born to Victor Principal
and reveal.
R-E-E.
No, seriously, that's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
That's a great name for like a tournament.
Oh, so if you like to see a saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
We can't see what saggy old lady, there she is.
Come on, answer the phone.
We want to know when we get back on like now, then you'll know.
When we go off again, we'll know.
Then you'll know too, like right now would be good.
Right now would be good.
Like that.
When we go off here again.
And quite frankly, when you're on this station, with this signal,
And quite frankly, when you're on this station, with this signal,
It doesn't really make much of a difference.
It doesn't really make much of a difference.
Huh?
Who the hell can hear us?
I'm listening.
Besides him.
Besides Mr. Misfit.
Besides him.
Besides Mr. Misfit.
It was a beautiful thing.
Nice going, Mo.
11 past 11 and 5 60 W.
I saw Todd direct this morning.
He gave me any new copy.
No.
For any of his two accounts.
No, he did not.
He just stood around and made a fool of him.
Sub-like I always pretended to care.
You don't care, Todd.
Okay.
Neither do I.
I hope you get hit by a freight train right on the corner.
If you're in a dead end job, are you underpaid overworked?
How'd you like to get yourself a new, high-paying career?
I think just about everybody out there would agree with that.
But maybe you don't have the cash.
You're the four years to waste on college.
If this is your situation, here's what you ought to do.
Please, we've been telling you about this for a long time now for a Koons age.
Make that one easy call to fast train toll-free.
Add 1, 866 fast train because that one simple phone call can change your life in a moment.
They can have you trained and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career.
And the best part of the whole deal is they can have you finished and ready with that training.
And as little as four short months.
By the end of the summer, you can be trained for a new high-paying career.
Fast train offers day, evening weekend classes.
If it around your schedule.
Fast train offers job placement assistance.
Financially, the people who qualify and.
Would seven convenient locations to serve you all around the state?
There's about to be one pretty convenient by where you live.
So don't delay pick up that phone call fast train right now.
Add 1, 866 fast train or check them on the web at fastrain.com.
Think about it in just four short months.
You can be on your way to make in some serious cash.
Don't delay, call them today.
Check them on the web like I said fastrain.com.
Or make that call at 1, 866 fast train.
This is sports radio bike city.
You way out.
All right, class.
All right, class.
All right, class.
Attention.
It's time to recite the new Pledge of Allegiance.
Everyone stands up, please.
Now place your right and your left hand over the organ of your choice.
Let's begin.
I may or may not pledge allegiance.
Depending on if my parents let me to the flag of the West and United States of America.
And to the republic for which that pagan symbol which I reserve the right to burn stands.
One overly litigis nation under the arbitrary sway of a random universe.
Control solely by immutable natural laws.
Offers divided with every decreasing liberty and justice for those with a law degree and too much free time.
Very good, very good.
Excellent.
1117 at 560 WQM.
You're sometimes on a air station sometimes dot com.
Secumsa.
Stuttering Gil says you transmiters like homesteads power plant little rain and no power.
But in Iraq, I remember seeing bombs dropping at night and the power was still on.
We need to hire those people for our transmission problems.
When the bomb is what the Gil was saying, I's going to have a great life.
Here's one for the pull that I left off religion.
That's a good one.
You can add that on there.
Now, please spell it right because if you spell it wrong, Eric will have to change it for you.
And I want Eric to have to do that because he had his own technical problems yesterday.
I don't really understand that.
He said something about the server.
They broke into the machine and messed it all up.
What actually is a server?
It's a big computer.
I know that.
It's super fancy CPU like the boxes that you see there.
That's big and powerful enough to handle traffic from other people's computers like input and output.
You have to have if you run a website.
Why would somebody do that?
It would be the point.
Evil?
They're evil?
Are the evil doers?
People that write virus?
Eric didn't tell me the evil doers done it.
What's the point of that?
Writing a virus that's going to screw up people's lives.
Can you get a timing ass?
Yeah, there you go.
Being a smart ass.
It's its own reward.
Yeah, but it's almost always punks to do that.
See, that's the idea being a punk because you have to be a smart ass.
All over the world.
Not just in America, right?
Now, just in Florida, let's get closer to home now that I'm here for a few days.
Let's get closer to home and I'm driving on the racetrack on Saturday night so I could watch
Fat Rich here with the food coming out of the corners of his mouth and Eric is squeezing
his public.
And Quenet and guys, okay?
They're crazy people.
Good guys, but crazy.
So I'm driving up there and I see a car in front of me and of course driving.
Why is it the religious people always drive like crap?
It's part for the course.
It's all part of the big tapestry.
Oh, I see.
And I see on the back of the car this bitch has not only got a fish with the word Jesus
inside of it.
Just in case you don't know.
She also has a bumper sticker speaking to that last bit I played.
I played your legend or something.
One nation under God with the other guy.
In other words, I'm going to show you God.
Oh, yeah, we can't say that either.
No, we can't say anything.
But anyway, so I'm thinking to myself, well, why are you doing this?
I'm always talking about religion as a weapon and there's a good example of it.
Keep it to yourself.
I don't care what you believe or power to you.
Okay?
I'll be able to have a wonderful time in purgatory wherever you're going.
But I just don't want to be bothered with it.
Then I come home and I had left a couple of things in Toronto and bring a few toiletry
things back.
I was going to say one beginning with a D. I don't think we can say that anymore either.
Well, no, wait a minute.
Why can't you say that?
I don't know.
I see them in the store all the time and no, no, no, you can say douche.
Why not?
I mean, if you can say, yeah, but that's supposed to do with the container that you buy it.
Right.
But anyway, so I go to the early, I was going to go into Walgreens that 24 hour one by
me there and I drive by there and there's not a parking space to be found.
This is a 1130 Saturday night.
And I thought, how can this be?
Are they given merchandise away or something?
And so I just cruised about, I look inside the window and I see them all lined up at the
cashier.
I mean, a long line because they're buying Christmas candy.
Yes, any morning, I get up.
I sleep in a little bit, get up to go out to get my Sunday newspapers.
By the way, the great thing about Sunday newspapers is you can throw them away within five minutes.
They're about, they're both, they're both a hero to the sun, settle about 15 pounds of
ads.
That's all that's in there.
Ads and special sections and crap.
There's nothing to read.
So I go out there and get my newspapers and I look up and I see, I don't want to say
which house, but it's pretty obvious.
In my neighborhood, one of my neighbors, which I mentioned before, is got a big flag, okay?
That says he is risen.
Of course, this is Easter Sunday morning, you understand?
Although this is Easter Monday now in Britain and the flag, I see is still there.
But anyway, I'm thinking to myself, why are you doing this?
Why are you doing this?
Now the building I live in in Toronto, for example, which is a very big apartment building,
they put out a notice every year about the beginning of December, about the building rules
on the door decorations, all of these things.
They're just prohibited.
No crosses, no starry David, no, what's the other thing you put on the door at Christmas
of Reath?
Now, none of these things, they're prohibited.
No, they're just, they're sprained.
It's just, they know it's offensive to some people, they're not going to offend anybody.
Just have a little bit of, that's all very simple.
Not in America.
A little decorum.
Have a little bit of consideration for other people in Strop Time to beat that.
Well, I don't care what you believe.
I don't need to know it.
Yeah, you do.
No, I don't need it.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to know.
People are always complaining about you and I about the shows we do want religion, we
talk about that too much.
We'd never do any shows of religion if nobody else would talk about it either if they
just believe their own fairy tales and stop killing each other because of it and leave
us alone.
Leave us alone.
I don't want to be dragged down the path to purgatory.
We don't do it.
We're going to go and I don't care.
I don't want it.
I don't want to know about it.
You'll think me later.
See, he is risen.
I'm talking about himself.
What a nasty thing.
Okay.
No, seriously, it's just nasty.
It's back when, you know, right after 9-11 and a lot of us, including me, we got sucked
into the thing, putting the American flags on for right now.
I think you'd have to be embarrassed.
Although I saw a couple of cars over the weekend and they got the little flag, the window
flag on there again on the car.
Oh, now that you're back here, they got some four flag jotties.
But you know something, I sure hope they got some ketchup to put on there to simulate
blood because if you're one of those people, man, if you're supporting this insanity,
you've got blood on your hands and blood on your flag, make no mistake about it.
It's a disgrace what's going on.
And the public is, you know, little, little like this.
Pretty soon it'll be 800.
Then it'll be 900.
Then there'll be a thousand people coming home and body bags plus the thousands who are
maimed and mutilated.
Might as well be dead.
Plus, of course, the thousands of those people over there.
I told you this in the beginning.
It's called emancipation by decapitation.
You're free.
Now we're going to kill you.
You can't be much freer than that.
Right.
You got nothing to worry about.
No bills to pay.
You're dead.
Speaking of freer own good.
Right.
For your own good.
So you just shut up and take it.
How's that pool coming forward?
This guy was right on a religion thing, man.
Got 10 immediately.
That's our crowd.
That's our good heathen crowd.
You can knock your audience all you want.
We got plenty of goofballs out there.
So we got a crowd, man.
It's heads and shoulders above the rest, including those barbarians at the track Saturday,
which I will eventually get in that straight a minute, one minute.
That told me right there where I was.
There is no place else on the face of the earth.
Even in the Bronx, even in Manhattan on a bad day.
That could have been on Saturday night and seen what I saw.
A display of barbarians of lunatics, so grotesque.
Anyway, which of these do you care about the least?
That's our poolquist.
That ain't the O'Rodges.com.
136 votes.
Goal 52.
All right.
Let's say 52.
It is pathetic.
And like you said, I mean, it's one thing if you want to play it to go out and get some
exercise, socialize, move a little bit.
I mean, whatever.
Just to go out and choose a little bit because you got nothing else to do.
But to sit and watch other people play golf, you have to be an imbecile man.
You have to be a moron.
Absolutely.
No, Danny slower.
It would be a still picture on your team.
I mean, I can understand lifeless, lifeless old turds who just are like walking vegetables.
I can like, for example, there's one.
You know, I can understand him getting involved in that.
That's all he talks about.
Goal 52.
Hockey 25.
Shame on you.
Leaves 2 out of 1 nothing Saturday.
Pretty lame game, by the way.
Game 3 tonight.
How about Nashville?
How about us predators?
Lookin' off Detroit.
Yes, they're 11.
Howard Stern 22.
Religion 15.
Religion is leaping toward the top.
It's making gigantic leaps and bounds.
By the way, Clarence, thanks for giving me the log back in a wrong order backward.
Do you idiot?
Well, look, it's a big assignment for a little guy, okay?
He's a little weasley kind of shrimpy guy.
Swoopy guy.
We should have had Joshua, courtless.
Oh, yeah, I would put shrimp on the...
I don't know if we have that spot.
I don't know if we do.
He's not here.
We should have had to put down the DCS.
Because I can't say, simply like the way he does.
Who can?
Religion 15.
The Marlins 11.
We love the Marlins.
And when every day, let's go get some free crap at the ballpark.
Well, I'm sorry, they're on the road nine-on-on games.
They're in Puerto Rico.
Let's send us some people to Puerto Rico.
Oh, and, well, let me finish this.
Stock Market 11.
Sex, none, and politics, none.
Well, thank goodness for that.
I guess the old Farts haven't voted yet.
The goofballs who do the morning show on El Sol.
Okay.
Remember they were in...
No, no, no, no.
We'll reach it about the FCC.
Whoever the hell they are.
So evidently, on April Fool's Day, see, I just...
I'm not in those poop-a-luck stir-in-did, you know,
pretending that the show was taken off and all that crap, boring.
Yeah, old and boring.
So they did the thing where they came on here
and announced that Castro was dead.
And I didn't even know about it.
I read about it in the paper over the weekend.
Thank you, bro.
Oh, man.
You talk about people...
The hyper-vetalating.
You talk about your old...
Oh, man.
They didn't have cameras in place before they did that.
They were foaming at the mouth from what I read.
How could you do this?
There was even letters to the editor, sure.
How could you do this and you're playing on our emotions
and you had everybody whipped up into a frenzy
and we were hoping and crossing our fingers
and dancing at Kazzazki,
even though we don't like to use any way.
It was incredible.
Just amazing.
See, that's okay.
Going on a year, putting on full information.
Just like that Catherine Harris story, although this morning,
I did hear a story about her.
I heard she...
That's what I heard.
I did.
Twice.
I don't even know what else is bottom.
I don't know what's...
Oh, and by the way, thanks to Trace Stradford,
he brings in a letter.
He brings in a letter this morning from a sponsor
that had some new copy information and he says,
oh, do you need this to be typed up?
Like a folded up letter that looked like he would wipe his ass
with a couple of times?
Mm-hmm.
Nice going, Troy.
You idiot.
I say, let's bring back...
Roy!
At least he had that big thing.
Well, 26 after 11 at 5, 60 W to QMD.
Lightsawized Book is dedicated to providing you
with the best products for weight loss.
For that, for the weight loss phase,
if your low carb diet.
If you run the akin sugarbuster South Beach
or any low carb sugar-free diet,
head forward to Lightsawized Book.
It's the number one low carb store in America.
Many of the new reduced carb products on store shelves
are geared toward cutting back on carbs, not on weight loss.
You want to lose that weight and stay alive.
The Lightsawized Book is expertise has always been
on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting.
They've got over 1,000 products in this one great store
with the focus toward the lowest carb as possible
that can fit in a way successful low carb weight loss plan.
Their spring sale isn't full swing so stop.
They've got an eligible staffer open every day,
seven days a week.
From 10 to 10, the Lightsawized Book is on the northeast corner
of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
You can call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb-L-O-W-C-A-R-B
or on the web at flowcarb.com.
So if you're trying to stay alive,
if you're desperately trying to lose that weight
with one of these low carb diets,
here's a store that will give you the variety you need
to stay on the straight and much narrower path.
That's the Lightsawized Book.
It's your official Atkins Real Tail Center.
When you're in focus, stop by and say,
how do our good friend?
Our from Boca.
My, my, and local.
Here's sports video 560,
see you at U-A-A.
What was that you said before about dead witnesses?
There.
A good thing.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
and refreshing be sure to catch the stoop channels before they go into the witness redecoration program
number 32 and 560 WQM so anyway I just want to clarify that one thing because there's a difference between save Christmas time if you've got a house and people put up reats and nice decorations and then you got the people who were in the competition to see if you can put the fanciest light red.
That's fun okay that's fine because that kind of celebration is like generic it it's just for fun and holidays the Halloween with the punk and that's right it's not jamming somebody's superstition beliefs down your throat it's not like standing on top of your roof with a megaphone yelling he has risen Jesus
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus
I forgot all about how silly it was, you know, what during my vacation that we can't say these words now got all about the suingness of our life
I got dumped by Josh Cordes last night because I rightly so said bag the ass bag word. Yeah
No, now you know you can you can say scum like if you talk about wiping the scum off the bottom of the ship or something, but you can't say
Name the container that you put the scum into when you're done watching just don't start to dance it around the edges too much here
Which of these you care about the least if you're wondering why I'm not taking any calls because we need the license
Okay, we're hoping we actually get one someday golf 83
Howard Stern speaking of that 41
Let's put Howard on here Monday morning this week. What do you say 6 to 10?
That's what Greg read was talking
I mean wow talk about a man with a death wish Howard Stern 41 hockey 39
religion 39
The Marlin 16 everybody loves the Marlins everybody's on that bandwagon. They won five of the first six
They're going crazy Josh Beckett had no hitter into the sixth inning last day and they're just wild with the Marlins day
They can't get enough of it
Stock market 14 politics to and sex
None which means we have nobody another people were to track Friday night Saturday night
So let me I never have told the story have I well I got a milking for a long time because we got to two o'clock when no calls
And since I've got such a thick pile of stuff here today
Not is thick no, I got some stuff. I
Want to sit here and do reading for all the time to get all Miguel up. So by the way, I want those Marlin tickets Miguel
How do you like that he comes in this morning talk?
This is again the sense of entitlement that some people have okay?
It's a good guy like him a lot if he was ugly. I wouldn't like him at all but I
Say okay, he asked me could I pick through the Marlin tickets and take out the ones that I really want
Okay fine, okay nobody in my house is gonna be going to a lot of games
But at least bring the damn stuff in here, okay? Oh
I left them on the counter at home, and I said what are they doing in your house?
Why aren't they here? And he says his line is they're safer at home than they are here
Just like all that soda that you bought last week, right if this appeared
Exactly the good news by the way is that skipping in our sales department is a real major
hole
We sent him over to Walgreens to get us some a dive Pepsi caffeine free. Oh, this is caffeine free
Is anybody else it is die Pepsi good job, Skippy and he went over there when it was just pouring like the end of the world
He came back here looked like he just hopped out of the bathtub with all his clothes on which we say
Yeah, nice going Skippy that that was that was the one thing that lit up our day was seeing him
He is such a puss man. Yes
The audience thinks maybe I'm just either trying to be funny with this stuff or picking on people too much if you look up
Puts in the dictionary. There is a little Skippy right next to it. Just a little nebish right a nerd
Nebish nerd
Whatever and of course not only that but that too
I better watch it because I'm no because we don't have the delay going I
Know so we can't dump you no
And you can't say dump anymore either
No came here I'm listening okay. That's right. He's monitoring now too
And he's very delighted by the way that the commission's come down all this filth and profanity even though he was the one who said and I
Better I better before I find this out here
But he's the one who used to say because he finally started he liked it so much
He started getting the swing of it himself and he was saying it all the time if I can find it on here
And it's a good thing. I'm thinking about what path that this comes in on because it's well
No, it's not the same on his up there. It's like no, no you have to be really careful. We can't send it to landfill you
Well, you better not play that new you white mess you like to come on. Where now are you mo?
There it is where he says you see yeah, I haven't lost it
Well, no, I don't want to get him in a trouble because if that gets on here
He's the one that gets fired you yeah
In fact, let's just do that between now and two the whole show. What do you say?
Yeah, huh?
We'll just we'll see how good of a job I can do how many I'll go for to get this book or records how many thousand times I can play mo saying
I wonder if that's the path that lights out on you
Come on mo watch yourself. I heard from you better watch yourself. You putting my fold musk red head
God
20 till noon at five. Oh, so I still have a total racetrack story
Plenty time this is this is the best at least to me
And I don't think the audience will agree with that
But this to me is the epitome of what this town's all about you sound so bitter. Yes, I am
Oh, I like that. Listen, I'm but I'm not gonna lie. I hate it here. I just I hate it
I despise it and more the people I talked to in our beginning to agree with me like oh man. You're so right
In fact, you know can my nation wide limos who picked me up nice job can can help her in the great
Once in a while good guy
He was it we're talking about the snowbirds. He was saying please please just all of them go
The ones that are left that haven't left already play he was on these stories that would make hair stand up on your gray head you wouldn't believe it
Believe it for 40 cents for 40 cent mistake under a bill
They were calling up in the main they were gonna turn him in for for for for fraud for 40 cents
And of course also tell me about the great tips that they were leaving
He is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let always is outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business
payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that
Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call Oasis outsourcing two day for a fee evaluation toll free at 1 866 at Oasis
Or Russ Oasis that's 1 866
2 8 6 20 7 47 with more than 60 thousand employees worldwide
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful
Management choice which allows you to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis
outsourcing let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a fee evaluation call 1 866 at Oasis
That's 1 866 2 8 6 20 7 47 for Oasis outsourcing
My life and look all this is 4205 60
When a relaxing moment turns into the right moment you'll be ready thanks to new 36 hours see Alice
Oh Friday night a hot tub a little wine a gorgeous sunset
How about we go inside? Is that all you can think about?
The question is will your wife be ready? That's why see Alice keeps working for up to 36 hours
So you have a time you need to wear down her resistance
Honey want to snuggle it is 6 a.m. You know Saturday is my only day to sleep in with new 36 hours see Alice
You can afford to buy your time what can be better than a romantic dinner on a Saturday night?
I know after this let's go home and relax in front of the fire
Hello wood smoke aggravates my asthma because sooner or later she'll give it up one way or the other
Honey honey wake up. There's a burglar in the house
Oh my god. I think we should have noisy sex to scare them off. Oh, all right. Thank God
We've still got 10 minutes left on the clock. Come on. Hurry up. Hurry up. New 36 hours see Alice when a break in becomes a way in
Will you be ready?
13 to do the 560 to good news is we can take calls now after the layback everything's working
But don't don't hurry. We got a lot of stuff to do here yet. Yeah
What we got bigger faster fry than worrying about a few stupid call you'll see WQM. Hello
Yeah, I just speak to Neil speaking. Hey Neil
Well, welcome back. I guess very briefly. I just a little pit stop
Yes, I lived up in Toronto for four summers. I loved it. Uh-huh. What's not to like?
I live on St. George and Bloor right there at the University of America. I'll be damned
So it's pretty nice time up there. Hmm. Okay. I need a favor
I need to I have an animal that I have to rescue from these people and I've been looking in the
What do you mean you have an animal? You have to rescue police?
They got him tied up and he doesn't get any
Attention he's filthy. So why don't you call animal rescue? Why are you calling him? Yeah?
I don't know where the number call a police
Well, the guy told me I can take this dog. I don't know. I already have a dog, right?
Yeah, and so I looked in the white pages of yellow pages. There's no listing for animal rescue
So if I can get the number from you because I know you or someone there
We have that number. Do we have a phone number for our friends at the band and pet rescue?
Because but but well
See the only way did you do you look up abandoned pet rescue?
No, I looked up the animal rescue. So just look up a band and pet rescue
That's the name of the organization. Yes, in Fort Lauderdale. They're in Fort Lauderdale. Okay, great
Thanks, pal. I rescue that dog man. Okay. Do a good job
Oh, sure, I mean, you know, somebody's not taking care of an animal
And those people ought to be on death row as far as I'm concerned
Let's talk about animals. Okay, the ones with two legs I
Get to the track Saturday. I'm gonna meet fat rich and Derek who both by way could lose some weight in me too
And I get there right at six o'clock bad move on my part, okay?
Why is it a bad move because that's right when they're opening up and letting the they have this gigantic group of
Old Yent is there
By the way Toby I'm so sorry for you Toby Toby is a very nice lady. She sells the programs at Pompo Park, all right poor lady
And she and her husband they slip out all the stuff and she has to and of course they're all a descending upon her
So they had some kind of a special deal. I guess where the people had coupons for a free program. Oh
God
A free program what are they normally like a buck?
250, oh my god, 250 big bucks
There must have been in this group a hundred people you have never in your life
You would have thought that Toby was standing there with a stack of thousand dollar bills and that the first 20 people who were able to shove and push and squeeze through each other
We're gonna get those 20s and she's saying really it's a good thing. She didn't have a gun because I think she'd have committed suicide or maybe shot some of them I
Have never seen such a barbaric display and I thought to myself now you know where you are
Now you know exactly why people hate this place and the people who make this the toilet that it is an
Outdoor nursing home. That's what this is
We're even the young people can't have a good time. We don't want them here
They're making too much noise having too good of a time
And she says if you won't form a single line nobody's gonna get any programs because she's trying to create
I mean she's got really you know
She's standing behind a counter there trying to create a little bit of order out of this mess this chaos
This chaotic scene
The races don't start till seven oh five. It's not like they're gonna go running up there and start plunge in there
Guts out with their two dollar show bets. I don't think
And they are pushing and shoving and agitating well how come and I'm standing off to the side because I get my programs for free
How do you like that without any coupon because I'm a hot shot?
I practically am an employee there at Pomato Park for almost 30 years now. How many?
Yeah, and so one bitch. Well, how about him? He's not in line. I thought I wanted to go over just punch her right in the head
I really did I want it just going just give her a knuckle sandwich. It's all the rage now miserable bitch
miserable old-sau
And the scene was just I just walked away there
I couldn't I couldn't wait to get on the elevator just to get away from these people in fact there are like three elevators going up stairs
So I made sure I went to the one on the end where nobody was like sure and I real quick got in and depressed a button and got to
Away from those people I used the word people loosely. You're not people your barbarians, okay?
You know who I'm talking about you know the crowd up there at win more wherever these people came from your lunatics your maniacs
You need to be I don't know why you need to be put away somewhere in a rubber room and keep the public safe from you and all your behavior
Your barbaric rotests subhuman behavior, you know what I'm saying? Yeah that too
Now here's the facts that kind of like is right in line with that
It says if you thought the deal if the track was bad that was the deal
You should have been at the Marlins game on Saturday people were ready to ride they were getting ready to ride because they didn't get the Marlins replica ring
They were lining up to fill out form so they're gonna have one sent to them because they paid and never got it
I went to the game but didn't really care about the ring and the make matters worse. I hear the crow talking his crap
I have a question because the station gets somebody to translate next time he's on the air
Yeah, Gregory going back to the well again man, so you see some arm truck problems. Yeah, and he says by the way one a ring
And was Miguel was the sport and one here this one a ring that is
The Marlins ring. Yeah, I'm Marlins. We have to be because they might be talking about a ring that kind
You know if I say it was sport and one watch yourself now
We very very careful even though the lay is back
I have no idea what this thing is this alarm. I don't know what this is maybe that he must have sent me a fact
I don't get it
People are out of control here five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T for rising line. What do we got going today mad dog at two the
Humber in a studio four to seven. Oh, he's a chulas in Miami lakes
Shulestake two four to seven the hebrahammer
Seven o'clock he got the big because nobody else will work that cheap any kid ten and overnight
We son off whether we want to or not when I was really exciting with the transmitter going down about ten to ten
Might have been that first day that for Elwes on here. Remember that. I'm sure you do Wow
I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay an amazing thing is he's still on the year on a clear channel
station in Atlanta, which is
Beautiful. Yeah
Shocking wall at last while at last can't you want to last because it won't be long you can bet your life on that
In fact, you could bet the lives of all those animals were to track there and at the oh what a scene if
If you're gonna watch it you would have thought that these people had just been led out of a
Concentration camp and somebody was holding up a bunch of food a scene it
I was new and talented no where to go when I used to do this appear in the world
I didn't remote one what that was an even that place on
WNWS I
Did a show from one of those old Yanta homes there over in the Helen Dale what that was an even that building oh
And in the middle of the show
What the hell time of the day was it I don't know what was I doing on I guess that was what I was doing at split shift
I was doing nine to noon and in nine to midnight
And it must have been like 10 30 in the morning and then all of a sudden they put the free rolls and
Whatever else out in the back on a big table in the back of this room
Holy the little you have never seen
Such such chaos it was like a riot it was worse than a riot and they're all
I'm on the year I'm on a stage with my guys
And they're not paying any attention to anything I'm saying all they know is who's got the butt over here? Where's the knife? Where's the uh?
I have it never seen anything like it in my life
So welcome to South Florida if you're smart you'll get that all out fast. I know I sure will
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line which of these do you care about the least?
That's our pull question today when you're finished looking at that old bag Victoria Victoria principal
332 votes golf 111 nice going oh
religion 64
How about if the caddy had oh and then Tom Watson?
You know I know his caddy probably worked with him for a long long time
Do we really need to see Tom Watson? We got all these American kids dying in Iraq and they spent about 20 minutes
Showing his Tom Watson in tears because his caddy died. What are those kids have to do with golf?
That's a good point and that's what clearance of what they have to do with sports. That's what he said
Anyway golf 11 religion 64 Howard Stern 59 hockey 55 the Marlins only 21 because they're out of that Marlin bad wagon
We love the Marlins they win every day. They're going all the way
We're gonna build a new stadium for five trillion dollars and you know what if they want to build their stadium in Dave County in Dave County
Right, hey have a great time. Yes, I knew we both live in Broward
I'm not paying no tax money to build any billionaire stadium. He can stuff it the stock market 18 politics three and sex one
They're almost of a loaded. You don't have no computer health or I'm right. You're not sure what you know
I'm gonna get right down to it
If you catch my grip. Yeah boy, they're just thought. Yeah. Oh, no, it's not
Not just close to lunchtime for many people other goddess almost noon already
I like these shows when the transmitter goes on. Yeah
We can get used to this
No, the day that we had that Marlin game on opening day was that no you weren't here. There was last week now
If I could tell you tend to noon that is that's it
That's where it's at that was the most when noon came and that ball game started
I felt like I had just had the greatest beyond sex beyond anything the greatest experience in history of the human race
To our here it was paradise, you know what I mean?
Absolutely
Hey, spring in the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car or truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead
They're on US 120 minutes south of the 836 arm strong Toyota homesteads worth a drive to matter where you are
At because they're gonna save you thousands of dollars on great new Toyota's check out the great least deals that are waiting for you
Right now as I speak an oh four camera or four one are just 269 a month for 48 months
How about an oh four highlander just 309 a month need a truck?
How about an oh four Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America just
179 bucks a month for 48 months these are just some of the savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun
So they can put you in a great new Toyota today with an unbeatable deal
Experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference their locally owned and operated and they'll do everything like I said to make you a hundred percent customer
Satisfied got it the service department is open late. We've nights late to make sure your service work is done
And they're easy to find because the red US one and two ninety-third street in homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836
They offer your free tires batteries and replacement parts for life to an Armstrong Toyota of homestead
You heard me right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else does that
So forget about those big mega dealers and car giants who always seem to let you down by over promising giving you big song
And then and then under delivering called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota homestead right now at
305 242 2.3247
That's 305 2 4 2 2 3 2 4
4 7 drive a little and save a ton on that unbeatable new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8L
All about 10 minutes
Sure, I'll just take the bullet tray
Now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet tray
Thanks to your well-researched landslide boat
Bullet train
Why just take the monorail for some barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right into this game day
Where you can explore the tropical battery are reeds made entirely of kielbong beware
Your vote of confidence and the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the Florida bullet tray
We travel information on the Florida bullet train call wait a minute
Wait
Provo to a 560
WQM him out of way rich you're that gambling family yours get him under control when you're pleased
I think there'll be a great TV show and to replace the Osborne's the fat rich gambling family
Yeah, film live at the GA
Anyway, here's a fact from Jeff that just again tells me where I am make no mistake about it
Jeff and Lake Worth says you're the only person who I've heard talk about a possible strike for the next hockey season
I call the Panther organization to try to get some information on the strike before I renew my tickets for next year and they wouldn't comment
Of course they wouldn't comment they want your money
Why then he says why do you think there's gonna be a strike and why do we call French Canadians frogs? I hate them
Why do we call them frogs because that's what they sound like probably good like that started with the French there you go
But in any way, why do I think there's gonna be a strike?
Well, I think if you talk to a hundred people and I think about hockey 98 of what's in there's almost definitely gonna be a lockout
Not a strike the preseason will go on because the players only get played a paid a perd
Endering the preseason out there's salary, but what's the season supposed to start? It's gonna be bye-bye
Because the collective bargaining agreement expired after this season when the playoffs are over in a couple of weeks in June whenever it's gonna be
That's the answer Jeff and the Panther organization doesn't want you to think there's gonna be next season because then you won't
Give them your money just like they were sending out several weeks ago. Oh, we need to many many weeks ago
We need you deposits on your money for the playoffs, okay?
right
Even George knows the Panthers ain't making no playoffs. They aren't in no playoffs. Even George knows that
So I was able to get some really good seats for people
Seats for what for the hockey games such as they were here recently. Oh, I see. Oh, of course
124 people say they care least about golf. Oh, right. Oh, yes. I think golf needs to be banned instead of banning books and words and all these things. Let's ban golf
Don't you think what beautiful parks they would I would like to start a movement
I'm not talking about that kind of
Where we just ban golf
Keep people off the golf course giving something constructive to do and stop wasting your time out there whacking at ball around
Okay, you idiot you invasiles you man. You know what I'm saying? There you go. Even he agrees
Open up the courses to dirt bikers. There'd be good dirt bag ATV
They'll say dirt bag
That's because we didn't ask don't know I'm not asking any more questions because no matter what I ask those two fumbling idiots
Oh, can we still do no should we check with corporate no?
You know, I just landscaped here recently we employed a lot of dirt bags. We had to fill in dirt and land a lot of them. Yeah, so what's wrong with that?
Now let me ask you this here's one I'm asking you I'm not gonna ask them
Here we go. It's me again Bob douche when you're done. Can we say that? Why not?
Is it profane? No
well is
bag profane
Profane is is farting sound is that profane?
You see this is what a lot of you people don't understand and it just grinds my ass and people they oh boy
It's really funny. There's nothing funny about it at all. It's pathetic. It's sad. It is tragic
They just like I've been telling you for years and nobody was listening
They just arbitrarily keep making out of his they go along and they keep expanding it and embellishing it and you better do this or now
We're gonna take away your license. You know the late hour. I read a thing on radio and records this morning online here
It made me want to cry mm-hmm about how the FCC are
Are patting themselves in each other on a back now for this latest half a million dollar fine on clear channel
They're all excited about it and Michael cops said this and John Adelstein said that
Yeah
All five of them they're all a bunch of rabbit Nazis is what they are
The word police. Oh, we can't play that anymore either because he's really says
Damn in there
So when I said in the beginning like 60 or 70% of the stuff that we were gonna lose
Because we can't say anything anymore and then of course Tom jikim is quoted me in the paper and I's gone Tommy
But at any rate now it's like 90% right
Just based on one thing or another
Silly crap the number of days I'm sitting up there and I'm audition
I'm listening to something on cue during the break to just to make sure and then I mean just so innocuously one of those words
They'll come in like damn or what her and I can't play it
And we don't even have the
Experated version of a Bill cigars down here. I didn't bring that with me. No, I have to fix that it was a master Marmorny
We don't need it
Save your energy for something useful, okay, which I can't imagine what that would be in this place
Here's something though a garden centers nude statues proved a bit immodest for some in the town of Hartzville, Tennessee
G and L garden center responded to complaints by covering up the classical style statues with stylish two-piece crimson
Velvet Sarongs. I'm sure John ascrot to be proud. All right. He's raised plays this bunch. That sounds so so wrong
It turns out leaving a little to the imagination meant more for customers
What does this say it turns out leaving a little to the imagination meant a lot more customers for the
95 ornaments six statues have sold in the past couple of weeks alone and the attempted roadside modesty is stopping traffic
He wanted to stop when he saw the naked women in bikinis
Joan Philpods that of her husband a 50 years bill and yes some customers are picking
They're picking
They're pulling the tops and looking underneath a GL-co owner Angie Langford. They wonder what we're hiding. What's under there?
Can it be felt
Langford doesn't know who made the anonymous calls complaining about the yard art in this town of 3,500 people about 40 miles north east of Nashville
Workers across the street at Hartzville gas didn't seem bothered by their full view of the statues
I guess some people just don't appreciate arts of gas technician Brad Smith
Oh when I said if he asked 100 people 98 would tell you there's gonna be a hockey locker in a season
The two who wouldn't say that would be
Gildey because he wants Doug's McDonald's job on a radio game
And remember who of course needs the cash because you can only get so many females that pizza law
How many females you get a week?
That's what I'm hearing just as high by the way
Who Jeff who's that some guy oh
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line any food comes in
I'm gonna be so millithous especially after your fat brother died. He offered I told him no thank you
No, well thank you. Yeah, we'll pass over you won't be seeing me either
And I'm rumored so oh you gotta go you said you go out T1 night this week. No no no chance
No chance two chances much less than none and much much much less than none
Can't handle it can't do it
You know he has risen do you know that? No, no, no listen
I just want to make sure you knew that because you know
You're sitting there with a black look at your face and you've had a rough week
And I just want you to feel a little bit better about things because he has risen and he's done it for us
So that all your evil and all your sins and all the things you've done and thought and I wish you could have done
Would they can all be washed away now?
Then I mentioned the Catholic priests are foul filthy belly crawling creatures on the area. Faggots
Yeah, that's it. Yeah, scum didn't mention that yet
Uh-oh stop right there
Did he say?
What I think he said right there? Uh-oh
Better play the tape back. I think George said crap
10 minutes past noon at 560 Q.A.S
My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than yours
My beliefs are what's required to avoid a length of fire
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than yours
My religion advocates racial 
My religion's better than yours
My religionestersdetter than your reason
My religions dellevers
What we like about the best, I wonder who is it where it rests?
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We had no respect for women, driver cap to make a living.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Chiupa winning in the summer.
When a city was laid for 95 years,
and enjoys a harsh country.
This is why.
This is what Orange is designed for.
Well, I was pushed in for export, but I was driven I thought that lamp sky was the highest.
We knock on doors to father, you like overbrushed,
You are new, my religion's better than your wife.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than your horrors.
We wear ties and white, our bikes and gets you married lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains for mindless living,
Don't create my religion's better than yours.
Well, 16 at 5, 60 WQM, happy Monday to you.
I'm going to read, oh, don't do that.
Well, I got a couple things here to read.
You know, the great book by Richard Clark
Against all enemies is a good because you just started it when I went to the cage.
Oh, it is sensational. I'm still not done. Almost done.
Juicy. Got good stuff.
I read four pages of it on here.
I think it was the last week so we were not around.
I didn't.
To do it.
But I'm going to read the last page and a half, just a page and a half.
Of course, that'll spoil the ending.
No, it's not that kind of a book.
Listen to this. Richard Clark, he's the best.
He's great.
He ain't no condolese.
He said September 11 had erased memories of the unique process
whereby George Bush had been selected as president a few months earlier.
Now, as he stood with an arm around a New York farm
and promising to get those who had destroyed the World Trade Center,
he was every America's president.
His pole sword, he had a unique opportunity to United America
to bring the West together with allies around the world to fight terrorism
and hate, to eliminate Al Qaeda, to eliminate our vulnerabilities,
to strengthen the importance of threatened by radicalism.
He did none of those things. He invaded Iraq.
There were no longer any excuses after 9-11 for failing to eliminate the threat posed by Al Qaeda and its clones,
for failing to reduce America's vulnerabilities to attack.
Instead of addressing that threat with all the necessary attention and required,
we went off on a tangent off after Iraq, off on a path that weakened us and strengthened the next generation of Al Qaeda's.
For even as we've been attritting the core Al Qaeda organization,
it has metastasized, it was like a hydra growing new heads.
There have been four more major terrorist attacks by Al Qaeda and its regional clones in the 30 months since 9-11,
than they were in the 30 months prior to that momentous event.
I wonder if Ben Laden is deputies actually planned for 9-11 to be like smashing a pot of seeds
that spread around the world lying in the spec-step back out of the picture
and have the regional organizations they created take their generation along struggle to the next level.
President Bush asked as soon after 9-11 for cards or charts of the senior Al Qaeda managers,
as though dealing with them would be like a Harvard Business School exercise and a hostile takeover.
He announced this intentions to measure progress in the war on terrorism by crossing through the pictures of those caught or killed.
I have a disturbing image of him sitting by a warm white house fireplace,
drawing a dozen red X's on the faces of the former Al Qaeda corporate board,
and soon perhaps on a sum of Ben Laden, while the new clones of Al Qaeda are working the back alleys in dark,
warrants of Baghdad, Cairo, Jakarta, Karachi, Detroit, and Newark,
using the scenes from Iraq to stroke the hatred of America,
even further, recruiting thousands whose names we will never know,
whose faces will never be on President Bush's little charts, not until it's again too late.
The nation needed thoughtful leadership to deal with the underlying problems 9-11 reflected,
a radical deviant Islamist ideology on the rise,
real security vulnerabilities in the highly integrated global civilization,
instead America got unthinking reactions, ham-handed responses,
and a rejection of analysis in favor of received wisdom.
It has left us less secure and will pay the price for a long time.
Well, Sad Richard Clark, you vote, Dick. I Richard.
Nice going. Him for President.
Right. Amen. Well, they've smeared him so much now.
That's the reason when they took that poll after Condoleezah.
Who do you believe more, Condoleezah, or that the Clark guy?
Yeah. The one that we just spent a whole week and a half telling you what a faker he is
about how he beats his dog and he's a scum.
Yeah. Well, you can do either syllable to make him do it.
Right. No, I know.
Yeah, I had to be careful because I don't have to dump myself again.
Gotta pick up that book, folks.
Against the enemies by Richard Clark, if you want to know what's really going on.
And must be just a coincidence since he's a registered Republican
and Paulo Neal who's also Republican and former Secretary of Treasury under W.
It must be just a coincidence they're saying all these things.
Just want to put all the books both of them. Yeah, I just want to put a few books.
Now on the other hand, if David from wants to sell a book, you know,
that great right-wing sell-out speech writer, that's a different story.
He's just doing it to save mankind. Sure, everybody would have great guy bushes.
Great.
David from all I can say about you is, why don't you look with Miss Drudge, okay, David?
Very sad. You know what David from?
From where?
Honger.
Beats you to it.
Oh, here's a good guy, John McCain on the talk of Run With Carey.
The headline says, no, no.
And no.
Yeah, see it says no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's what we said.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Trying to stamp out speculation that he might consider joining Democratic Senator John Carey's ticket.
Republican Senator John McCain, Arizona, insisted Sunday that he would not do so under any circumstances.
He said it would campaign in vote for President Bush in the fall despite their policy differences,
despite the fact that Bush is a Nazi.
I mean, he says no, no, no, I will not leave the Republican Party.
Our charity ideals and principles of Abraham Lincoln, theater Roosevelt, Ronald Reagan, and Heinrich Himmler,
he said that NBC's meat the press.
I will not be the vice president of the U.S. under any circumstances.
I feel that I can be far more effective in helping shape policy in the future of this country as a U.S. Senator.
He's just a wafer, he's an Equiver kid, you know?
They're all the same.
The old one that's got a big pair of man is Ted.
Good old Teddy.
Huh?
I said that's right.
He's got a ragged old pair of man, but he's got a big pair and he don't take any crap from anybody.
5.670560, pound 560 on a AT&T line.
Which of these do you think you care about most?
433 votes.
How's that possible?
At least.
What did I say?
Most.
Most least.
Which of the easier care about most least?
Less than anything else.
Golf 142, but religions catching up 88 and you want to know why I just don't know, maybe because golf is a...
Absolutely, correct sir.
Yeah.
Golf 142, religion 88, Howard Stern 76, care about him at least.
Hockey 71.
Ain't going to be no season next year.
Don't pay those tickets.
All the way I did.
That's because I get reimbursed.
Stock market 25, the Marlins 24, politics 5 and sex only a two.
My mother and her next door neighbor.
No, my mother and your mother.
Yeah.
Well I know about your mother's shoe.
I heard stories.
Oh no.
Oh, I don't think we want to go here.
There are ancient stories anyway.
Here's a medley of our call WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Good to talk to you.
Back to you.
I was just listening to your discussion on the Richard Clark book.
Right.
And I said let's not forget Kevin Phillips book.
He's also a long time.
I've got it but I haven't.
You're right.
I haven't read it.
But you're another long time Republican.
I read it and it's an interesting book but it's kind of dry.
Oh yeah.
But it's a good book.
Well he's kind of dry.
You know he is.
But it's the more I read it I was gripping the book so hard out of my eyes.
Are you squeezing a blood out of it?
I cannot believe the country put not every this guy George the whole family is involved in nothing but conspiracy and intelligence.
Well that book the House of Souther where it shows the picture of W and Banda are bush holding hand.
I mean that print spandar holding each other's hands under front.
That to me erases a lot of questions.
You know what I'm saying?
Just a picture does.
Exactly.
Where are they holding hands for?
Where they got going there?
And I agree with you.
You know everybody complains about these books but David from and all these other.
Right we know what that's yes.
Can write and say whatever they want.
And it's great.
Obviously I guess we're all wrong because I guess George wishes the greatest American that has ever lived since George Washington.
Evidently.
And by George.
How can we he's building a better America him and Jesus.
And by the way speaking of Jesus he has risen you know.
I heard that.
Holy mechro.
But instead of going I went to the movie just there.
I have a movie for you.
It's called the Osama.
And it's a little afghan.
A movie from Afghanistan and shows you how the Islam has such a grip on these people.
I think it's coming out on DVD but I just saw it in the movies.
Let me ask you this question.
How come before 9.11 we like them so much and we give them 43 million dollars that nobody talks about anymore to stop growing in poppies.
Which they're by the way doing again.
In fact now they're not only growing them again but the heroin trade there is bigger than ever and the warlords are back in charge big time.
I just mentioned that in passing in Afghanistan.
Well the friend the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Is that it?
I guess and that's that.
And in Taliban are we organizing I should also mention Afghanistan.
I just mentioned passing the Taliban are we organizing.
Well once he's through with Iraq he's going to go back to Afghanistan and finish that off.
No no then we're going to go to Iran as fast as I could.
In fact speaking of Iran I'm reading a book now about the overthrow of a democratic elected government in Iran
which put the Shah back in power.
Right.
The book says.
No no no we put the Shah in power.
Right.
That's correct.
He was our bad guy.
And the point of the book is based on the rest of it.
We sowed the seeds of all this terrorism.
No question about it.
And no one wants to hear if you say it.
I'm going to tell you right now my friend in the 70s I said this on Friday I'll say it again today.
We should go on into Saudi Arabia when they jacked the price of oil up when they quadruple it overnight.
We should have gone in there.
I'll be when they had a fire single shot because there are a bunch of cowards, spineless cowards anyway.
Just take it over to country.
It's stuck our own regime in there.
Put in our troops.
Take it over to the oil fields.
You can be pumping gas right now for 25 cents a gallon.
But what would Prince Bandar say?
Not much, not anymore.
And I rest my case.
Thank you.
Good talking to you now.
See you.
Bye bye.
I'll tell you what Prince Bandar and all those other great robbers would say what those are sheets they were.
Bye bye bye.
That's what they'd say.
Real fast.
Oh, oh you want to come in here?
We'll keep the problem at all.
Yeah.
Once a spineless cowards man.
The bushes and the bin Laden's and Prince Bandar.
Well.
There's one one bit and we can actually still play it.
I can't believe it.
I hope it's in here.
Oh, it's not in here.
Oh no.
I had to go back until we blow up Pakistan.
It's not in there.
It's got to be.
I'll bet you Greg's life on it right now.
It's not in here.
No, it's called until we blow up Pakistan.
That's the name of the bit.
It's in my DCS up there because I put it in there.
Unlike this crap we got down here.
Which everything I look for is it here?
No.
Is it there?
Is it anywhere?
No.
No.
It's an ACN.
It's old.
I'll find it.
I'll find it.
I'll find it during the break.
I'll show you.
I'll show you what for.
But anyway, of all the things that I've played, that's the one.
That's the truth.
We went to war if we're going to go to war against anybody.
Which we should have been using all that billions of dollars to fight
for Homeland Security and to go get the real terrorists.
As opposed to creating all this terrorist activity in the country where it was going on the first place.
But we should have gone Saudi Arabian Pakistan.
It was with the two.
Even a child knows that.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And third on the list would be Iran and fourth North Korea.
Iraq ain't even the top five.
They aren't even bubbling under.
That's what Dick Clark says.
And he knows his American bandstand, baby.
He knows his hits.
27 past.
I saw Tommy this morning.
He knows his hits.
27 past noon at 560 WDQM.
Hey, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
I just said.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, and zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have you $100,000, your payments are a mere $334 month.
If you have a $200,000, you pay only $668 month and don't forget.
Once you refinance a given a mortgage from financial group, you will never, ever pay those nasty irritating closing costs again.
So call them today.
There's no obligation.
They'll explain to you how it works.
Call 1-866-395-Lend.
Get that low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move to your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero closing cost, even when you moved to another property.
Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group and never, ever pay closing costs again.
Call them today.
1-866-395-Lend.
That's 1-866-395-L-E-N-D, the Ren Quil Housing Lender.
Restrictions apply.
Rates subject to change monthly.
4.21 APR.
1-866-395-Lend.
We're sports radio 516, UAM.
Rips on the sky, a rips on the sky.
Come on, show people in Europe.
Looks up up, I'm let free.
Result, the press is all come from the same place as your economy.
And I will go to return the store.
Like my granddad, I'll play in the bank banks.
I will play.
I'll make the government to eat the sun-highest.
Look for a monster who lives away up in Loch Ness.
So now I move into the Highlands.
I'll get Graceland rebuilt.
Can you wear my gold jumpsuit?
I'll look for an air-cooled.
But now I'm gonna return the Scotland.
That's a weird rum rum.
So is Lisa Mariebeau.
Not Michael Jackson.
Here I go.
Return the Scotland.
I'll do that for all my lassies.
Here's what I'll do.
I'll wear a Qt.
With nothing on your knee.
Where's the sheep?
Return the Scotland.
Here, get it.
Prove 34-26 to one we got to Mad Dog.
It's to the Humber from Shula State too.
And Miami-Lakes had four nice going hang.
He knows to stay the hell out of this place.
Oh, and not bad enough we had 23 American kids died over the weekend in the last three days.
But now the army says seven employees of US firm are missing in Iraq.
Oh, seven employees of the American construction engineering company Kellogg Brown and Root,
which is Halibut in the course, are unaccounted for an Iraq the top US general said today.
We have seven KBR employees unaccounted for said Ricardo Sanchez.
Tisha was still on.
Ricky Ricardo Sanchez.
Right.
He also said two US troops were unaccounted for.
I had no further details about the troops or the missing employees.
So there are people I just got like vanishing.
It's worth it.
Yeah.
Did you see during all of your grief last week?
Did you see that the tape of the Japanese protest?
No, the hostages that they had in the tree.
Oh, with the knives held in their throat.
No, it was not good, not fun stuff.
Mr. Lotta good stuff apparently.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I just mentioned these things in passing because I realized we got bigger and more important things to worry about.
What's his name?
Phil Nicholson, one of the masters.
He put the green jacket on.
And everyone went.
Oh, yeah.
I saw it on my HDTV.
He said I even got to see close up of an embalz.
Can we say that?
It's so, so sad.
Pathetic.
I'm listening.
Yeah, you too, Mo.
Pragic.
You and all your blue nose, uh, cool friends.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and from Rise of Wireless Line.
Let's get these phones hoppin, baby.
Let's take 45,000 calls between now and two o'clock.
That's a good thing.
Although, quite frankly, I'd rather read this next.
I don't have a whole bunch of stuff here, but I got a couple of things that are must I have to do.
Fact, three of them.
Must, must read.
Doug Thompson, the day freedom of speech died in America.
Perfect.
He says the moralistic tight-assed credence who now run the federal government won another one Thursday.
Isn't that great?
We got to still say that.
Yeah.
The moralistic tight-assed credence who run the federal government won another one Thursday when clear child communications a large contributed to the campaign of President George W. Bush.
Dump Howard Stern from its chain of radio stations because of huge fines levied by the FCC.
I don't know which Schmidt had put these bozos in charge of the nation's morality, but they f'd up big time.
He says, see a lot of words in there.
I can't read.
Oh my God.
Did he say both the F word and S word in one sentence?
Can't we do something about this?
He says, not yet.
That moron that W appointed attorney general of the West along with the brain dead lackeys at the FCC and the ballless Greek course in Congress can at the moment censor radio and TV airwaves, but not the printed word.
Not yet.
He says, not yet, but John Ascroft doesn't give a damn about the Constitution so you can be sure this puritanical
whole is planning an assault on the rest of us who gave the goal to speak our minds and practice the so-called constitutional guarantee of free speech.
Well, he's got them all in here.
The ones we can't say.
Ascroft already has an expensive taxpayer-funded operation set up in Washington with dozens of people watching dirty movies, scanning websites and examining books in a self-declared war on pornography.
We don't know for sure how much this Bible thumping despot is spending on his personal war against bear boobs and dirty words, but the estimates run into millions and whenever he brings a case to trial, he usually loses.
Even in this home state of Missouri, which apparently knows Ascroft for what he really is since they prefer to elect a dead man rather than reelect him, it took a jury of 12 women ages 40 to 60, less than three hours to toss out one of his cases against the video store that rented sex education tapes.
But clear channels capitulation to Washington's gang of sanctimonious hypocrites shows just how out of control the whole mess has become since Janet Jackson flashed a nipple brooch encrusted boob during an otherwise lackluster halftime show at the Super Bowl.
In the knee jerk overreactive folly that is followed, the FCC's retinue defined clear channel nearly half a million because Howard Stern talked about sex on his radio show and a company that talked with fart sounds.
The fine for comes from living the maximum mom 27 five against each clear channel station for each infraction. Congress now wanted to be left behind in this moralistic orgy wants to raise the maximum fine to 500,000 dollars per occurrence and that has radio and TV station scared smitless.
The sad fact is that many of these hypocrites cheat in their spouses, bang young staffers or each other and then vote to punish others for being immoral only adds to the surrealism.
Television networks scrambled away to show schedule for broadcast to cut out anything they think might offend Washington's moralists live events are now taped to late so someone can't the bleep button just in case somebody says or does something sexy.
Even NASCAR where the good old boys used to be able to say what they really felt about some head who knocked them into the wall announced it would find any driver or cuss during radio and TV interviews.
Damn, when did this nation swing back to the days of the Puritan? What's next? Which burnings in Salem mass?
And how can an administration that sends young Americans to die in a word declared by deception claim the moral high ground when it comes to TNA?
When that clever way said that because he does actually say it to and ask I can still say ask.
Personally, I don't like Howard Stern's radio gig didn't care for when he started in Washington air flowed after one of its plans cracked in the 14th street bridge and soon called him on the air and asked what the fair was from national airport to the bridge.
But this is a nation founded on the concept of freedom and freedom. Let me say it again.
This is a nation founded on the concept of freedom and free speech and Stern should be free to do and say what he wants.
Those who don't like it have the freedom to listen to other station just like those who don't like the fact I'm used to dirty word in this column are free to another website.
Yet those who claim to be patriots in love this country sit back and applaud the increasingly repressive annex of the Bush administration and do nothing as our freedoms disappear into the toilet.
Even in Iraq where we're supposed to be bringing democracy to the masses the US government shut down a dissident newspaper.
How can we bring democracy to the Iraqis if we don't allow freedom of speech ourselves?
If freedom of speech no longer exists in this country how the hell can we have sported?
What a great column I couldn't have written better myself Doug Thompson the day freedom of speech died in America it's smirkingship.com it's on our website.
Nice going Tuggy go boy.
How the hell can we export freedom and we're taking it away from the American people that's what I'd like to know who the hell knows.
They're just going to take the filth away for our own good maybe there's only so much freedom in the world and we're just shifting it around.
Yeah, where's it going?
I never thought of telling a handbag so we can follow it 19 till one at damn Q.I.M. whatever the hell it is.
Most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
A soap opera like nothing you'd seen before.
Excuse me a steam father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father I'm afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
No nonsense I am your father.
I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong.
You promise you will still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed.
Very well. I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married.
Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbours
stone you today.
What's my daughter?
It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
I should only be grounded.
No, I'm grounded.
I must have you stoned.
It's the first time that focus is on a fundamentalist middle eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What is this in the way?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh right here.
Are you going?
Out to the backyard of your collection stone.
How do you mean?
Yes I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be mesmerized and you follow the lives of the Fuck nerd family and they deal with
the many problems that plague them.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes my son.
Last night I used a little drugs.
Well what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh why is that father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You will have a little bit of a guiding shea.
The guiding shea.
I just shot on location and banged that around.
And don't forget he has risen.
I mean has there ever been this whole one nation under God?
Is there ever been any group of people more than like a 20 in the group?
Didn't think that God was on their side.
God is the world.
The Nazis headed on their bell buckles in WW2.
Every country, every group of people, every tribe.
God is our God.
And of course that's because their ancestors invented them in the first place.
So they thought.
And we'll prove it by going to war with you and God will help us win.
Watch.
That's right.
Our new no-can-do nation rights moring down the New York Times.
Young Americans are bravely fighting and dying in Iraq trying to fulfill the audacious vision of George W. D. Bush and Dick Cheney
to remold Iraq in the image of America.
But while we try to turn them into us who have we become?
The president presents himself as an avatar of American values, plain-spoken cowboy and tough flyboy.
But Kani rice's testimony on Thursday raises the depressing possibility that we've lost the essence of our frontiers spirit.
The ingenious individualists who get around the system and faces down the drones.
From Abigail Adams to Sam Sour, to Bugs Bunny, to Jimmy Stewart's Jefferson Smith, to Indiana Jones,
the best American character is plucky nimble clever and vettive.
So it's disturbing to see our government reacting to crises with a jaded shrug and lumbering gate, especially since Republicans such a creative comedian like enemy.
Consider the pathetic performance of NASA, which inverted its motto to failure is an option by shrugging off warnings about the safety of the seven-kilombie astronauts who burned up coming back to Earth and not trying to send up a rescue shuttle.
This no-can-do spirit marked George Tenant's lame excuses to send it as in February, who wanted to know why the CIA never picked up the trail of Marwan al-Shei, the pilot who crashed flight 175 in the South Tower of 9-11, even though the Germans gave the agency his name and telephone number.
They didn't give us a first and last name until after 9-11 Mr. Tenant said.
And what would Elliot and S.A. about an FBI that flusk computer savvy than American preschoolers and Islamic terrorists?
The FBI is only halfway through modernizing its computers, which could not be for 9-11 due to searches at once, such as Al-Qaeda and flight schools. Can't we draft bill gates for duty?
This ominous passivity was threaded through the testimony of Ms. Rice, a brainy and accomplished woman who should represent the best of America.
She blames systemic and structural impediments that prevented the CIA and FBI from sharing. She complained that other people hadn't recommended what she should do, even the terrorist were faulted for not giving specifics.
The screeching chatter in the spring and summer of 2001, there will be attacks in the near future that not yet Mr. Bush and his team from their Iraq fixation.
But they don't tell us when Mr. Rice protested. They didn't tell us where. They don't tell us who and they don't tell us how. Paging Nancy Drew.
Inconclusive intelligence didn't bother the Bush team when it wanted to be actionable on Iraq or engaged in tit for tat with Sodom.
I'm sorry, engage in, f***ing court tat with Sodom.
The August 6, 2001 presidential daily briefing remarkably headline, been loud and determined to attack inside the United States, mentioned Al-Qaeda is wanting to hijack planes, and the 70 FBI field investigations in the suspected Al-Qaeda sleeper cells inside the U.S.
The briefing had three month old information that Al-Qaeda was trying to sneak into the country for an explosives attack, no wonder the CIA chief encountered terrorism's are were running around with their hair on fire.
What should have made Kandi hysterical she deemed historical. W kept fishing and denouncing Sodom while Kandi set for a glam vogue photo shoot and interview.
On Iraq they run rough shot over the system, on Al-Qaeda Kandi blamed the system, saying she couldn't act on Richard Clark's plan until there was a strategy, a policy, tasking meetings, etc.
The FBI officials ignored Kali and Raoli as she tried to break through the obtuse leadership of Louis Free's FBI to get evidence on Zacharias Musawe and Kenneth Williams, the Phoenix agent, who outlined the Al-Qaeda plot to train Arab terrorists in our flight schools, and not been held accountable.
Why aren't the heroic Miss Raoli and Mr. Williams running something?
Dick Clark has struck a chord because his passionate efforts reflected those great American virtues of ingenuity and brashness.
Even if he was a bit of a cowboy loading up his 357 side, I'm to return to the West Wing on the night of 9-11, at least he wasn't dosing through high noon.
Says Maureen Down the New York Times, it's on our website, theorages.com, go see Victoria Principal in the altogether if you want.
She's old.
Well it's an old picture.
Well so Merlin Maraura's pretty old too, we had her on one day last week, right?
Oh it was probably a fake.
She never did anything like that.
Right, not the old Norma Jean, the queen.
Which means you care about the leases are pulled quite today, golf 162.
Golf, take a good look at an HDTV, religion 119, Howard Stern 92.
Well this, I don't know why is it every time I come back for the first day, the, it's strange in here.
Howard Stern 92, hockey 86, the Marlins 38, the stock market.
But third man.
Politics 6 and 6, three, who just, they forgot about it, you know, who cares?
5 6 7 0 5 60, are we getting a flood of call here or what?
No.
Isn't it now, is it still gray and nasty and dark and raining and, oh man, it's grayish but not like it was.
Because Neil, you've got to come back to South Florida for the great weather.
Right.
It's been great.
That's a lot of you.
Can't pick me up at the airport on Saturday, we get just about the stadium and I look up in the sky
because I realize what happened to the sun and it's right over the stadium, it's dark and dark and dark and cloudy.
I thought, oh here we go again and somehow that kind of like passed, pass over.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a 18 TV, got some of those Marlins championship rings.
Huh?
What?
Well they made 50,000 of them in the only head.
45,000 people show up.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I didn't get my-
And I think next year what we ought to do is give away if there's a lockout. Panther hockey tickets would be good too.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, I apologize if you already talked about this but Howard Sterns, but on the 96.1 FM.
Has anybody mentioned that when you get into the city down here in Miami that you can't hear the station anymore, it's almost like it's being-
What do you mean 96.1?
96.1 on the FM band.
What is that? What station is that?
I have no idea, I just heard about it over the weekend so like I said, I apologize if anybody's mentioned it, but driving into work today evidently it's been on that station since he was cut off a clear channel.
Is that a Palm Beach County station?
I would have to think so.
No, no, that must be the station, that must be the Beasley station on the west coast.
Maybe that's what it is about.
That's something about Naples or something.
Yeah, that's what.
But what you hear after his show went off is almost like-
I don't know, it's almost like urban music.
I couldn't tell you what it was, but out in Kendall, no problem. You get towards the city and you could not hear it anymore.
Well, stay the hell away from Naples, man.
Right, I hear you.
Watch out for those dirty channels.
And last week's commission hearing, I mean, was that, that was some of the best, I mean, that was some of the best radio I've heard.
I mean, when you synced up the kind of leads as far as I'm over it out, that, that was great.
But listening to the lawyer just go after her.
Yeah.
Oh my god. That was a blast.
Yeah.
I mean, people just need to wake up and, you know, either we have an F government or a corrupt government, either one is not excused.
So let's, let's pray, you know, pray for us.
Okay, Pally, I'll wave you from the border.
All right, Sam.
56670560.560 on the AT&T.
So we must be talking about the Beasley station over there in the West Coast.
And of course, the infinity station and other stations that carry the same show for which the FCC find a clear channel stations.
They're not going to get off the hook. That announcement should be coming any day.
See what I'm saying?
Can't wait.
Well, I'm just telling you.
I don't know.
We don't want to see the Beasley's get fine for anything because then Book of Ryan might lose that 50 bucks a week that he's getting for that extra comedy bits.
That took me how many weeks to get them to finally cut loose with that while they didn't really cut loose to it, but they just finally gave it back about 30.
30 weeks.
Yeah, they finally caved in because they wouldn't stop banging away on it.
I mean, you know, it's ridiculous.
50 bucks.
So petty.
50 dollars.
Petty isn't even a word for it. It's idiotic.
This is a company that's listed on a major stock exchange.
Multi-million dollar company would air how many stations they got.
Absolutely.
Whatever they got.
I don't know.
50 bucks.
And they have to have a big solid dancing clearance.
It's wine.
You know, I talked to Greg.
I got to, of course, the other one.
Well, yeah, I know.
Greg, it's 50 dollars.
Man.
Seriously, I want to tell you one thing.
Yeah.
If there is a heaven, they probably have a different category for a different guy.
If there's probably a heaven called pansy heaven.
Now, I'm sure as hell probably going to go there were pansy hell, one or the other.
And I have a feeling I know some people I'm going to see when I get there.
You know what I mean?
It's a very fluffy cloud panning heaven.
1250 symbol.
Don't forget he is risen.
That's what they're going to be saying.
When I get up there to pansy heaven.
Oh, there's Neil up there.
He is risen.
He's up in the sky.
If you're fat, don't be like all these other people that George knows
and all those brothers who are dying from fat.
It's just, you know, it's, well, it's overwhelming to me because I'm fat.
And especially right now, because I'm real fat.
Yeah, put out some more candy, John, okay?
The nice one, yeah.
He was about your shape.
John, or your brother, that brother, yeah.
Fat, fat.
Right now, I can barely function.
That's how fat I am.
After this weekend, I was down to like 193 before I came back
because I made a really conscious effort because I was up right about the 200 leveler for a few days.
And then I came back and just between the racetrack and all the candy in the crap in my house.
And all of these things, here I am.
Just barely hovering on it.
So I'm going to Pansy Heaven, man.
But if you don't want to go to Heaven or Hell yet, if you don't want to be risen quite yet,
here's the answer for you.
Balance for life.
It's the premier meal delivery service.
It's based on the zone diet.
And they deliver right to your door.
You don't have to go shopping.
You don't have to go to the store.
You don't have to leave the house.
All you do is fill out their menu once a week and they deliver right to your door.
A little black sack inside all the food.
You need to keep your full and happy all day long.
Three delicious meals, two gourmet snacks every day.
The food is delicious.
It's fresh.
Nothing frozen.
No additives.
No chemicals.
So there's no cooking.
No cleaning.
No shopping.
No calorie counting.
Not even any carb counting.
It's the real meal delivery service that delivers results because it's based on the zone diet.
And people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life.
The zone diet has been proven lower.
Your blood sugar.
High cholesterol and high blood pressure too.
All of these things.
And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance.
Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company
that lets you have menu choices.
Let's you go from phase one to phase three of that South Beach diet.
Feel the difference.
See the results on the scale like right away.
Save your life for crying out loud.
Save it by the fat.
Call balance for life today.
1-866-225-4543.
How's Katrina doing by the way?
That's 1-866-225-4543 or check them on the web.
Balance for life.com.
My mind and local.
We're sports radio 560.
She went to U.A.
I don't listen to the one to two hour.
Wouldn't be prudent at this time.
Hey, do you want to run faster?
Jump higher and make the blind see again?
What do you want to move like the wind?
Sure like an eagle and raise people from the dead?
Huh?
Yeah.
There's only one sure little food.
They go to air Jesus.
Jesus, air Jesus.
Just put a bear on.
Once he'll do for your game is a miracle.
Oh, no!
He's on the plane!
He's on the plane!
He's on the plane!
He's on the plane!
What are you doing?
Air Jesus, you idiot!
Yeah, why?
Why?
He just pushed the black man's head.
The black man's head!
The black man's head!
He's on the plane!
Yeah!
The air Jesus.
The secret here Jesus lies in the soul.
The patent in Cushion Chamber is filled with avion,
carefully laid into the scene.
So every part of your foot is always walking underwater.
Sorry, not responsible for any water chamber that turns to water.
And then coming soon, look for the all-new air Jesus Cross Craters.
Air Jesus.
Air Jesus.
Don't make you feel like you're born again.
It's 103 at 560.
By request, thanks for the facts and a couple of things you missed last week being out.
Why do you were busy abaring your brother?
Mm-hmm.
Board.
What?
It's a clearance thing.
If you don't like that one, there's board.
Ha-ha-ha!
Boy!
Board?
Boy!
Board!
Board!
Board!
Boy!
Torts!
Board!
Boy!
Board!
Ha-ha!
Stuff like that.
Oh, and I don't think you heard some of these other ones either.
Well, we'll get to them.
We'll get to all of them.
Oh, and then there's, uh, since somebody wanted us to check out that feral thing,
which I can't be by the way to my time.
Uh, is this?
What, what, what, what?
It's kind of cute.
Just a little, uh, piece of memorabilia.
5607-0560-0.560-0.8T and T for Rise of Wireless Line.
I dare one of you barbarians who was there fighting over the free programs at Pompeno Park on Saturday.
I dare you to call it on a show, okay?
You miserable bastards, you lunatics, you animals.
Even a bunch of wild school kids crazed hopped up on, uh, oxies,
would never have acted like that.
You can't, you can't in your wildest dreams.
The only way they could have acted more sci-fi if they would have put out free deli out there on the counter
and just, and poor, uh, what's it if she had to run for her life?
The parents.
Toby.
Play Station 2 Distribution Day at Toys or Us.
Nothing like it, not even like this.
Because that was a zoo.
Yeah.
People were beating each other with a head-dry.
People getting into fist fights.
I gotta have that for my kid.
Nothing like this.
Right.
And she kept saying if you'll for and getting more and more flustered and she's such a nice person.
I mean, gosh.
Sorry, Toby.
Even though I had nothing to do with it.
She's a sweetheart.
How would you like, how would you, I mean, we got crap here.
But how would you like to have to deal?
No.
With that clientele.
No.
And I already know.
I always say to her when this stuff is going on, it goes on often, not quite like this.
I always say better than you than me.
Because I don't know, because at least I can hang up on them.
How do they deal with it?
See, I'm old.
Okay.
I don't have to tell you I'm getting, but no matter how old I might be, I try to envision myself ever behaving like that.
Couldn't do it.
How do you put it into that?
Exactly.
What were those people like 10 years ago?
What were they like 20, 30 years ago?
What were they like when they were...
About 30, man.
Yeah.
How do you become like that?
Inconsiderant, rude, pushy obnoxious, disgusting, intolerant.
But he has risen.
Here's line 9, our first line 9 of the day, WQA, hello.
Oh, yes, I know what you mean about the old nasty people.
Yeah.
I work at a repulsed establishment.
I'm not going to name it in West Illinois.
And I get nothing but people every day saying,
I'm just like, what is...
How do you become like a senior discount right up your butt?
I'm telling you, man.
And then they turn around.
What do you have to respect your elders?
Where is that written?
And what Bible is that written?
Respect your elders.
I respect people who act like decent people.
I know.
It's just, it's horrible.
And as far as that 96.1 station from Fort Myers, it has stern.
You can only really get that if you live in like Wellington or Kendall or one of those really BFFs.
West Suburb.
Oh, who don't want to live there?
I know.
I sure sell that out of there.
If you go, there's a site called loot13.tk that tells you basically how to listen to a stern on the internet and all that.
And it's very complicated.
I've never tried it.
But if you're a really hard core, that's the way to do it.
And it's so frightening the way that this country has gone.
Is this 2004?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I hate to interview them.
So glad you reminded me of something.
I don't want the whole day to go by.
All these people that are going on about Al Franken and they were America on Friday afternoon on CNN.
I wanted to cry.
They had Al Franken in some wrinkled up old bag, some talk brought who the hell was who she is to discuss the Howard Stern fine and what's going on.
Al Franken, all he wants to talk about is Bill O'Reilly.
You know, if you say, hey, Al, what time is it?
Bill O'Reilly says it's a, I mean, this guy is so weak and so wouldn't man.
He makes Al Gore look like a Mexican jumping bean in heat.
That's how boring Al Franken is.
And the performance that these two bozos put on there, they had no idea what they were talking about.
And Frackin, at least he said, well, I've only really been on Radio 8 Days.
And I thought to myself, good choice to have him on there talking about freedom of speech and about what talk radio is all about.
I still never understood why they didn't pick up somebody like you for that.
Because I can understand why they pick up Randy because he's been in Radio for years and years and years.
But it just makes me, you know, Al Franken's great in all, but I, I, I, whatever.
He's great as a writer.
He's not a broadcaster.
You know, Bob Woodward, I keep saying this over and over again.
Bob Woodward's a great journalist, but as a broadcaster, he's, he's like, Don I'm a, I'm a, in drag.
Oh, there's a scary part.
Oh, I don't know what to say, man.
Have a great day, pal.
Take care.
See you.
56670560, Al Franken.
Oh, brother, if you'd have seen that thing on Friday of noon, you would, you would weep.
Glad I didn't.
Oh, man.
I wish I wouldn't.
WQM, hello.
QIM.
I'm on the air.
Yes, sir.
Get off that speaker phone, please.
OK.
There you go.
Can you hear me?
I hear it.
I have a, uh, a front sat in top of Miami.
Yes, sir.
And I can pick up that station just fine.
Uh-huh.
And for my, but anyway, I used to be neighbors with Glen Hill.
Yeah.
And, um, I was, uh, listening to you forever.
I was curious why he was a band from the show.
Was it something he did or?
Why he was fired from the show?
Yeah.
Yeah, because he'd be a start act like a spoiled child, because he didn't like talking about the cubs.
He was about sports, about this and about that.
And I realized that he was becoming more of an impediment that he asked it to the show.
And we said, bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Bernie.
Remember that play?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I tell you that that was probably the best part, the best, uh, air of your show was, uh, four-
Zayn.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No question about it.
Man, I tell you.
On a real radio station with a real signal with real audience living and breathing people as opposed to this place.
But have a great day, pal.
I saw that billboard coming to work this morning.
The one on the turnpike.
Oh, man.
The ones hidden behind the trees, you know?
They only see when you get right on top of it.
One of you?
Yeah.
And it says, uh, WQAM, near Roger's, tended to listen.
Okay.
I thought, why?
What does that say?
I think we can get with these people.
Huh?
But what happened to the ones with the bikini planned around?
They're around.
I see that one.
Depends on where you're at.
I see.
Well, this one was sure pretty damn weak.
I see the bikini one and I see the, uh, the one of you on the road.
But I mean, nobody has any idea who I am or what the show is all about.
Well, they better listen.
What?
No, but what would inspire them to even tune it on by seeing that thing on here?
I see my ugly push.
They're gonna do a beautiful push.
Oh, God.
Now, back in the day, I might say something about that, but I better.
**** coming up.
We don't want to get missmuff upsets to be running up on that.
Oh, Greg.
Of course, Greg's on vacation.
Greg's on vacation because I guess he saw the counter.
I was coming back to town this week and the break.
It's right.
Scary to death.
And if I were him, if I, if I was much of a bozo as he is,
I see I'm the only one whose on whom and can talk about it.
Everybody else is on whom, but they're a little bit of scared for their job.
I'm sorry.
I was checking my stocks.
Did you see something?
If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid, no, if it worked like George and Josh,
and just about everybody right here, that's Josh Cordis, of course, not that other one.
Maybe you'd like to get yourself a new high paying career, but you just don't have the cash to go to college for four years.
And maybe you just don't have four years of your life to waste.
Then pick up that thing right now and call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
And get on the FAST-TRAIN.
Because these people can maybe train and certified for a high paying computer network professional career
in just four short months' time.
By the end of the summer, you can be fully trained and ready for that great, great new career and get a big fat paycheck in that pocket.
FAST-TRAIN offers day-evening weekend classes.
If it's around your schedule, no matter what it is, no matter how many drug deals you have to make,
FAST-TRAIN offers job placement assistance financially to people who qualify.
And with seven convenient floor locations, there has bound to be a FAST-TRAIN close by you.
So if you're sick and tired of your life being in a rut and have no cash,
this might be the answer you're looking for in just four short months.
You can be on your way to a great new high paying career.
Check them on the web, FAST-TRAIN.com, and then make that call and can change your life.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
My name is Michael and I'm the first to be in the U.S.
This is 425-60.
This station presents Reels American Heroines.
Reels American Heroines.
Today we salute you, Mr. Last Minute Tax Filer.
Mr. Last Minute Tax Filer.
You know exactly where you put the tax forms you were mailed in January.
They're on top of the fridge.
Oh, on the nightstand? Are they in the pile near the computer?
On top of a microwave?
Where the heck is that telling you to?
Don't worry, Mr. Last Minute Tax Filer.
You'll find them right after you call them, make an appointment with your accountant.
Sure, he'll have an opening at 9 p.m. on April 15th.
Oh, no, the line is busy.
Oh, well, you'll just do your own taxes then.
Get ready for a trip to penalties.
So next time you're rifling through the junk door for those receipts,
you're pretty sure you can't.
Remember, you're not alone.
You're among the millions.
How to go by the name of Mr. Last Minute Tax Filer.
A real American hero.
Mr. Last Minute Tax Filer.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
Don't step on the announcement, eh, Maul?
I'm listening.
Thank you.
1-16-5-60-WDQM.
I'm at Dogga 2-The-Humper 4.
The big 7.
Pretty pristine, no ball games today.
No ball games today.
The Marlins at the Expos in San Juan.
Puerto Rico tomorrow.
Because nobody else wants them.
Where to these do care about the least?
Maybe we have to do this week every day that same pool with a different list of things.
Okay.
What?
No, you're right.
I just like the concept.
In fact, maybe people can send in things that people were supposed to care about that we don't.
Well, no, the meaty keeps telling us.
Like the girl in the pretend that she was kidnapped and then turned out she was lying.
And they made a good point yesterday, which is pretty unusual,
but they made a good point on CNN.
And that is always on an awful show with Howard Kurtz,
that supposedly examining the media.
What the hell is the name of that show?
It's 11.30 on Sunday morning.
Anyway, the point being, how come the media always seems to pick on one of these stories.
And then while there might be 50,000 kidnapped or lost people out there,
and kidnapped and lost and disappeared and whatever,
they always pick out one that we're supposed to care about.
That has to be a key point made of the story.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
How shondered doing?
She was ugly.
But then again, she was with Gary Condewitt.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line,
all the media BS all the time, baby.
WQA, hello.
QAM.
Yes.
Is it all my second set?
Neil.
No, I have a question concerning President Bush.
Yes?
And my question is this.
When he does his campaign ads on TV,
when he introduces himself,
because I approve this message.
Yes.
Is that correct, English?
For him, yes.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line,
WQA, hello.
Hi, hello.
Every day last week.
You better get those old files back out again so we can get Ron rounded up,
keep everybody in town safe, relatively speaking.
He's added again.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was, I love the mallet, but you know,
I don't think that they're going to do very good down here.
They, she, I think it's all just the front runner.
I was at that pound from the park, I've seen that.
Uh-huh.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T and all the fake voices all the time.
Well, it took to a lot of, because we were off the air till 1040 if you joined us late.
You missed a lot of good dead air off the air.
And now these people are making up for lost time because they missed that first 40 minutes.
WQA, hello.
Hey, I've got Neil.
Hi, sir.
Okay.
Hey, I was listening to bar 96 this weekend.
Hey, so sorry.
Greg Reed goes on there for some kind of pro on me because I'm Greg Reed and I approve this message.
Can you believe it?
Oh, is that clever?
All right.
Take care of me.
I'll find you in that.
In fact, that's a good point because you ever see Greg Reed and W together.
I think it could be.
Yeah.
Same person.
Same brain.
Same mentality.
Same haircut.
I don't think Greg's evil is.
I'll present.
For you to be saying that is really just.
And just don't forget one thing.
Presidents and senators don't have been killed.
Or GM's right.
But he has risen.
Keep picturing this big bed of dough.
Now, it just see, I realized that it makes me look like the bad guy in this because.
I guess they would consider what's a fairly innocuous thing.
Why does that bother you?
It bothers me when these religions keep trying to push and push and push.
Leave all the rest of us alone.
No.
And in Canada, a Christianity number one, guess what number two is?
No affiliation.
A 4.8 million number two.
Thank God.
Islam ain't even close.
Islam, Judaism, all the way, way down to where I don't have the exact numbers.
But I do know a 4.8 million who are like non-believers.
Second order to Christianity.
And that great?
That must be white so nice.
That must be white or so tolerant.
Although they are doing a lot of swastika painting lately, but that's another story.
They're just getting out of their system.
But generally speaking, people are tolerant.
They're friendly.
They're pleasant.
They're happy.
They're not like grabbing around that thing.
Oh, he's risen.
Don't you believe it?
You better believe it or else.
See, those kind of tactics went out supposedly a long time ago.
Now, business has been so bad with all these scandals and the pedophiles.
All this other stuff going on.
All the guys stealing all the money from the church.
That they have to come up with a more direct way.
So they're going to make you offer your care refusing it like the old again.
It worked so good the first time.
Why not do it again?
Fastruths.
Leave us all alone with your focus, focus, with your gobbledy guck, with your Jesus and Abraham and Holy Moses and all of this other crap.
Leave the thinking people alone.
And stop using your house and your car and all of your other accoutrements as like a traveling billboard.
I kind of welcome those signs on the cars.
Do you know who to avoid?
You can see your thumb.
Oh, man.
One nation under God.
And I think she meant.
Oh, God.
I think that's what she was talking about.
Yeah, positive.
Second.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Isn't that the best?
We had a few of those while Candelese was testifying too.
Yeah, too bad you missed that day.
Yeah, really.
Now we hadn't quite a show that day.
We had this in the back.
A few of those.
We had some other music going on.
It was quite in the accomplishment if I do say so myself.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a AT&T horizon.
Wireless line.
Another similarity between W and Bush.
I neither want to be ever around.
I mean, W and the Greg.
Permanent vacation.
Even Stevie Towers got the search party out.
Permanent vacation, man.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, I got to do a nail.
Good afternoon, Taser.
Yeah, no, that's a question of how long you think it's going to be before the giraffe is reinstated?
After Bush gets reelected if he does.
You think that's really what it is?
I think January 22nd or 3rd, whatever the day is after the inauguration.
If that should happen, have them forbid.
Yeah, I mean, because you know, let's face it, if it is reinstated, a lot of the chicken hawks are going to become more chicken than hawks.
Yeah.
You know, and it's really incredible because you know, they've got these troops over there, a heck of a lot longer than they're supposed to.
Right, that's for records they lied to them.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, because the funny thing, I have a friend who has a son over there and she's really, really, how do she even war up in arms that her son is, I think, right now.
See, when these kids signed up for the military, they weren't told that they were signing up to be used as human slaughter.
Yeah, that's not what they were told to be used as like sitting ducks.
And the funny thing is, you would think like one of the main three media networks would even begin to discuss the giraffe.
No.
So, I mean, is this guy getting such a pass? It's incredible.
Yes, it is.
Hey, listen, Neil, you have a great day.
Yeah, you have a great day too.
And that's why it's so convenient for them to even clamp down more on cheap channel.
You see, no matter how much money you donate to us, we're going to keep tightening the screws and tightening the screws.
And they're good friends.
If Fox, they don't have to worry about them.
And put in a group of Murdochwood's direct TV that he's bought out, you know, pretty soon they're going to be like two one or two sources of all the news, which is why they closed down that new, that Shiite newspaper in Iraq.
We won't be going to be freedom of the space, but only if we approve of it.
And you notice how well that went over to by the one freedom to agree with us.
Yes.
We just can't understand why they hate us so much.
They're not bringing us the flowers and candy that Rumsfeld promised us.
We're there for their own good.
That's right. They're just too stupid to realize it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 8.
And this is, and those people say, I don't see any connection between Vietnam.
Ted Kennedy, as usual, he had his thumb right on it.
He wanted the very few that had the guts.
Joe Biden, man, you're just another wimp.
Just another wishy-washy Democrat.
It's not only the parallels.
It's almost dizzy all over again.
Get you into a cragmy where we had no business being there based on lies, the Gulf of Tonkin resolution.
Weapons of mass destruction that don't exist.
Bush is making a joke out of it.
He's looking under the table.
He's looking to, oh, no weapons over here.
It's a joke.
You talk about an insult to the parents of the kids who are dying over there every day.
And whose lives are right in the line?
I mean, I don't see him over there.
I don't see his damn drunken daughters over there.
Every day, more and more kids are dying.
And the public is waiting to find his weapons.
They don't even talk about that anymore.
Now it's going to be this great, glorious freedom.
Operation Iraqi Freedom, that the media was peddling at a bullcrap
and realized that the whole thing was based on a lie.
They ought to be doing documentaries every day.
They ought to be interrupting network programming to put on the real truth.
Look at all the 58,000 kids came home and body bags in Vietnam
because of the same dance, spineless media.
And if it wouldn't have been for the kids on the college campuses
and a few people would guts like John Kerrio came back and said that it was insanity and slaughter.
Who knows how long this, they still might be over there killing each other.
Madness.
And for what?
To stop the spread of that evil Kami Pinto empire.
The Phantom Medi-
Yeah, whatever happened to them?
Ask the Pope, he'll tell you.
He's too busy stopping sickle-
stem cell research.
People, Satan.
That's right.
Stopping a fag marriages because the fags over there in Nevada
and they went all the hot looking swish guard for themselves.
That's what I think they're afraid of.
They want to keep them all to themselves.
26 past one at five, 60 WQM.
But again, I'm farting in a windstorm.
Why let me do that, especially since we're not allowed to do that anymore.
We can't do it.
No more farting in a windstorm.
Or underwater.
It makes that all and when you're in a shower.
I take back everything I said about what an enjoyable pursuit that is, man.
Cutting the cheese in the shower, especially a hot steamy shower, but it really is great.
What?
It is.
It happens to me.
Oh, man.
I don't know why that is.
I just don't understand humidity.
I don't.
Now, if you had to walk into the gym, where all the fags hang out in the gym,
if you had walked into there and somebody else would have just cut some bad sheets,
oh my god, you'd be swooning.
See, I'll never be able to figure that out as long as I live, but when it's your own,
oh, better get away from that.
That's excretory activity you're talking about.
Okay, sorry.
I didn't say it.
26 past one at five, 60 WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit fee, or fee zero discounted points.
Get the new low interest rate at just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay just three thirty four a month.
A two hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay just six sixty eight a month.
And by the way, nice job at the Harold Glenn Garvin.
What a job he's doing covering all this stuff.
And don't forget, once you're refinancing, you get you a new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So what's not to like?
Call toll free 1-866-395-Lend.
Get that low rate mortgage you deserve, then move your next property with no further cost of expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fees, zero closing costs,
even when you move your ass to another property.
Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
No obligation if you make that call, they'll splint the out works.
Call today and never pay closing costs again.
1-866-395-Lend.
1-866-395-L-E-N-D, the Reniqual Housing Lender, restrictions apply, rates subject change monthly,
4.21 APR, and J.C.E.R. is Get Serious.
My, my, and local, this is 4.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
It's 8.305-60.
133 at 5.60.
W3M 27 minutes away from the Big Dog, J.M.
Managed 2, the hopper at 4 at the Schulter State 2.
How's Hainton with his weight?
He was not so true or not?
Not, not.
Well, he's bulking up for the a famine, you know.
5'670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Somebody QAAM, hello.
Good afternoon, Mr. Niel.
Good afternoon, Mr. Kaurar.
How you doing?
All right.
I just had three quick things I wanted to ask you.
No, no, no.
No more.
No is left Friday for the first time in a long time.
I listened to Phil Henry.
And he does a commercial now where he's saying
Rust Limbaugh's changed his mind on everything.
And he's helped them with his broad-capped in career.
Oh, are you sure?
Like that.
He never used to say stuff like that.
No, he's sold a soul to the devil.
He's become a right-wing lackey, that's all.
And then tragic on WIOD.
When they say WOD is a commercial, when they say the, oh,
they say the, oh, that you do.
Oh, I heard about that.
They still are.
I heard that.
WIOD.
Oh, I hate that station.
Yeah.
Well, see they fight.
We're still laying around in their computers there.
So I guess they decided they were going to go in there
and start using some of that crap.
It won't help.
They're still as boring as dog stuff.
Anyway, I got you at number three.
That one, I forgot what I was going to say.
So that's all I have.
Have a nice day.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, WIOD.
Like that's going to really spice it up.
That's going to make your station interesting.
I don't think so.
You cheap channel clowns.
That's going to make them think you're still on there.
Oh, is that it?
I don't think so, because just like I said, only moments ago,
even that guy from Don and Mike, WIOD,
oh, I hate that station.
What was it done?
Oh, it's your animal.
How can you forget?
Woo.
Man, were they good or what?
Don and Mike, blow.
Yeah, even Mr. Reterto, there knew that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
How 5, 60 on a AT and T.
If a rise in wireless life, we want to get to about 40,000 calls
between now and two o'clock, even a world
against Al Franken.
Seriously, his performance on Friday, on CNN,
it left me wanting to weep for hours.
Vide to divide.
No, but he's just a dunderhead.
He's not spontaneous.
I mean, a lot of people can write very well,
very funny, very critical.
But, geez, and keep in mind, speaking of script,
but he went the first day on that air.
He wrote everything out longhand.
He might even still be doing that.
Oh, God.
Good evening, everybody.
My name is Mike Spindell.
We're going to be doing trivia tonight
that reading it off a page.
And that's the highly talented Al Franken.
WDQM, hello.
And I think that if Al steps on a mess,
you know, like on a sidewalk,
he thinks Bill O'Reilly lifted there just for him.
I don't want to say he's paranoid,
you understand?
His whole life is the anti-Bill Reilly.
And I hate to break the news, Deal,
but Bill O'Reilly, like the impact he's making
in this market, you couldn't find his rating
with a search party.
It doesn't even exist.
He's on, but nobody knows it.
See, Al, you're supposed to be on as the anti-rush,
not the anti-Bill O'Reilly.
The anti-rush.
But even so, yes, people who want to listen to Al's show,
don't listen to Bill O'Reilly.
Right.
Or care about them.
Right.
So I don't want to hear somebody talking about it.
Well, how many are there?
30, man.
WDQM, hello.
Yeah.
WDQM, hello.
Wow.
What a rush.
WDQM, hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
I got some information on, are you still pumping the FCC website?
No.
OK.
I guess information wouldn't be there.
OK, thank you.
Yeah, person and link has got a bad headache too.
Let me say it again.
I'm not going into jumping into bed with a guy
who won't tell us his last name.
And I noticed a response that has fallen off to almost nothing.
I mean, where else could somebody find a gift horse
talking about it looking at a gift horse up the butt?
Here we were going to raise him $1,000,
putting money out of our own pocket to get the things started,
put an ad in the most widely read nationwide newspaper
to promote his website to get the American people
whipped up into a frenzy about this.
And like, oh, well, I got more signatures than you got dollars.
Did you know that was his line to Eric?
No.
Yes.
Well, that's right.
This all came down like after a week ago, Friday.
Yeah.
I got more signatures than you got dollars
from the where I sit right now, meaning beside you.
Yeah, exactly.
Meaning that he's in the closet.
He don't even want to tell us behind the scenes we is.
And I'm going to raise money for an ad for a guy that we...
What happens if he disappears off the face of the earth?
What happens to those signatures?
Even if he did get his million signatures or whatever he's got.
See what I'm saying?
That's like the Camilla's house, remember that?
That would be like QAM putting on their website.
Some phony, bologna, auction when people
thinking the money's going to charity
and it goes into their pocket of the beesleaves.
That's what that would be like.
Some kind of a bait and swish deal.
We don't do bait and swish on this show.
Just the sweet part.
And if Florence is sitting in our little dairy ear,
thinking that in June when the beesleaves want to run that scam again,
then I'm going to be promoting an onis show.
Well, guess what, sweetheart?
No chance.
No chance in your pants, okay?
I'm sure there will be promos.
Hey, but into whatever.
I don't care whether they sure as help won't be read by me or you.
No.
No chance.
I'm just going to say, or Josh,
unless it has the word simp in it.
Yeah, they could cut us in.
We'll think about it.
Yeah, because that one, I think it clearance.
That's what I think of a real simp.
Don't you?
Well, and don't forget, great.
Yeah, sure.
It's not what I heard.
Wannabe.
He's a wannabe.
You know, he's a little sports nerd.
We're going to put him in that office of that paper mache desk
where Duff used to sit in there and we're going to give him a title.
And he's going to sit in there.
He's going to be a program director.
Oh, aren't you impressed?
Sure, yeah.
I mean, during these tough times, we janko.
OK, we don't need a, uh, some kind of a funny, dirty,
consulieri.
We need a wartime consulieri.
A kid curry.
Wasn't it good that I knew not to take calls when he told me that the delay was
out.
I'm proud of myself.
Give me that look up.
There you go.
Nice going, Neil.
Pass that test.
21 till 2 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Hey, have you been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a
home improvement nightmare instead?
Well, then if you want sweet dreams, design concept builders is your answer.
Design concept builders has been one of the top home remodlers in South Florida since 1983
for the following reasons.
They're 100% customer satisfaction with their no excuses policy.
They refused to have any unhappy customer.
They offer quality work, fair price and design concept builders exclusive five year labor
warranty.
So why take the risk of a nightmare on that new addition to your home, kitchen, bathroom
windows, any other project called design concept builders 9 5 4 7 1 8 6 7 6 6 or on the
internet, it's design concept builders dot com.
That's design concept builders.
The numbers 9 5 4 7 1 8 6 7 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 5, and 7 available with no payments for six
months with a proof credit.
You can also get a 10% discount on audio modeling through the end of April.
Only with design concept builders column at 9 5 4 7 1 8 6 7 6 6 or check them on the
website.
Design concept builders dot com.
This is Mojave de David.
Star of sport hold radio and all you can eat dinner dinner.
And this is Delky.
I have to squeeze my legs to lower my voice.
Where he is to tell you about the WQAM online origin.
Why it's just like eBay.
Only it's mainly sports stuff.
Like your manages old cleats size 19.
It's actually a road of your rental cake used by your favorite on a start.
A pair of Luanzi, runny nylon.
And unclaimed jewellery piercing found on the men's room floor.
Which in prestigious Fort Myers with a giggly miniball named Joy.
This guy did human bones.
Let's hear by Farrell.
And Kelty's manhood.
Wait a minute, I want that.
And I mentioned my personal ICD at Godsmack.
And?
You never heard of Godsmack.
It's a...
No, you know.
He's 20 years old.
What's that?
It's a...
The fight's 60 online auction.
All proceeds will go directly to the Benzen stretch.
Speak for the sky.
Stand on Tipeetos way up high in foundation.
It's a 145 at 560 WQAM.
Now, Charles Sandierfield Beach, who generally is a pretty good fan.
He says in defensive Howard Stern, I'm not a Stern fan.
CNN reported the other day.
The clear channel owner, who contributed in George Bush's Relection campaign.
But that their contribution was 24 times the amount contributed by any other communication
company in the country.
We already gave the numbers with like 800 grand.
In light of this, Stern's allegation that it was canned because of his anti-boish comments
couldn't possibly have any merit now.
They might or they might not.
That's not the point.
See, the issue again, unfortunately, because of his massive ego.
The issue isn't Howard Stern.
The two guys in Atlanta just got canned.
Bubbett loves Bunch and Tampa.
He got canned.
Not to mention the chilling effect that is on radio shows all over the country, including
this one, although we'll fake our way through.
I'm chilling.
Yeah.
The issue, I keep trying to tell these people, it's not about Howard Stern.
It's about freedom of speech and as big as he may be in his own mind or otherwise.
The Constitution and the Bill of Rights and the First Amendment is a little bit more
important than Howard Stern, or anyone radio show, Charlie.
So get with it.
Here's the poll question today.
Which of these do you care about the least 714 votes?
Golf 242, which I say a right choice.
Religion right on golf's ass.
167.
Hockey 122, Howard Stern 122, the Marlins only 48.
See they love the Marlins.
We win a lot.
Thank you for so much of freestyle.
Anybody want those free rings?
We got to, what we got?
How many we got around?
About 30 men.
We got left in some in here.
Stock market 38, politics 8 and sex only 5.
Well, you know, we got some old cages.
They were probably waiting for their free program at Pompa.
No parks at night.
If I lived to be a thousand, which I never would, but if I lived another 100,000 years,
I could never possibly see such a display, such a grotesque display of lunacy by a bunch
of people old enough to nobody.
You know what I expressed about?
Sure.
They're old enough to know better.
Use it on the children all the time.
Wow.
I mean, how old do you have to be to know better?
I would say about 30 men.
Yeah, at the tops.
Once you get to be 70, 80, 110, you should already be long since older.
Well, maybe they're old enough to forget.
That must be it.
Maybe that is.
Yeah.
They knew better, but they forgot, like Reagan.
Give me a break.
OK, the next time I see this display like that, I'm calling the riot police.
OK, I'm calling the Yenta police.
I'm going to bring the Yenta police right out there to the track and put on a scene
in the likes of which you ain't never seen.
Maniacs from Winmore in Cemetery, Villas, and you wonder why people hate this town?
The ones who do, including me?
This is not a civilized place.
This is not a place where, and I'll say it again, I sympathize.
Anybody out there's got to work with that element of people.
My heart felt sympathy's go out to you.
How could that?
I see a Toronto just using the example because I do live there a big part of the year.
There are people of all ages, but they're not, they're not like jammed all into these
enclaves.
You don't have the condo commandos.
It's a whole state of mind where they swim in a living and breathing place.
These people are congregated into ACLFs and condo retirement complexes.
It's anti-human and it makes these people all the same.
Maybe that's it.
The environment makes them all the same.
A bunch of Renta Yenthis, even the Goyam are Yenthis.
Well, they should keep that in there.
Yeah, but I want you to know one thing that'll make you feel a lot better about it.
He has risen.
I know.
Well, good.
I'm glad you do know.
About time he started learning getting on the right side of the Lord.
I'll tell you.
He had a medical name, but we can't use it on the animal.
He has risen.
He's Zeus.
How could anybody, how could any person in its right mind?
And then of course with the Easter business, Mel Gibson didn't make enough with the $250
million in the first place that he made profit.
Easter, they whipped it all up again now.
Of course.
Oh, yeah.
Because he has risen.
Come here.
Well, yet kind of a yeasty complexion anyway.
Well, it was Jewish.
Fine.
Yeah, figures.
Five, I said yeasty, not pasty.
Well, that's right.
It wasn't Irish.
Maybe it's Easter Sunday.
Why did they?
I guess the Irish here are pasty.
Oh, and of course when the polar caps start smelting, well, that's another story.
There won't be no more Ireland anyway.
Right.
Or Florida.
Right.
Or Holland.
Better go over to Netherlands right now.
Go to Amsterdam.
I mean, better get to GoodCrap.
I'll tell you because once the water rises about two inches, that'll be the end of that.
Do you know that that whole country is built on nothing?
I thought it.
It's below sea level.
Yeah.
It's above all them canals, spikes.
Oh, here we go.
Here's the magic sound you'll hear next time George makes a slip of the tongue.
Yeah.
There is the judge.
He's standing over there.
In fact, you know, well, he's waiting because he figures there's no hockey season next year.
So he's waiting for something else to do.
So he just hangs around sitting in the other room.
Yeah, he's got his finger on it.
For two years, at least two years, maybe three years now, he's been like a vulture.
Like a vulture hovering over the ghost of Judge McDonald, hoping that the old cocker would croak.
Well, he didn't croak.
He retired.
Okay.
They made a big deal about him and they had ceremonies in the islanders.
Did this and Denise potfanded that still a little hack.
Although I'll tell you one thing, at least he tries to make the game exciting.
If he knew what was going on, it would be a lot better.
At least he tries to get excited little animated as opposed to Dave Ann Boring, who gets a, he gets just a scholarship on the station.
He gets a free pass.
No matter how coma-inducing he might be.
And I hear him every now and then I open up the pot to see what the score to game is.
And he just continues talking in his centurion tones.
Just awful, Dave.
Go back on the internet where you belong.
Ten minutes till two of five sixty WQM lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast.
If you've never been there, you don't know what you're missing.
This is no ordinary Asian buffet.
Their service is unbelievable and you'll never leave out an empty stomach.
I guarantee you that.
I'll bet you a great read's life on it.
And because it's the spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids six and under eat for free at the Emerald Coast.
In addition, Emerald Coast still offers all their sensational mouth-watering dishes.
They've got six different soups, dozens of succulent entrees like New York Strip Madeward and their sizzling Asian gruelong with new Hunan fish.
Enjoy main lobster thermidor style, Jonah Crab oysters on a half shell.
If you still have room sampler hand carb primer in the new Thai specialties, and you'll never walk out of the Emerald Coast with a pounding headache from MSG, because guess what?
They don't use any MSG. No cornstarch, no crap, and they cook only with cholesterol for yours too.
There are a few features of full salad bar, full Chinese food line up, the brand new sushi bar, and fresh...
Oh, that's right here.
I'm going to get them to put that up.
See them.
And because you deserve it, Emerald Coast has a dessert station.
If you're really a major, major pig like most of us here at QAIM, featuring bells and waffles and pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit, what a feast.
It's just unbelievable.
Everything is fresh to you.
You'll love it.
Emerald Coast relocations for you, sun rise, sunny aisles, pember pines, so take the whole family of book your next business luncheon right now.
And don't forget to fill out a membership card too, so you can get monthly newsletters as well.
Let our friends at the Emerald Coast cook up a storm for you, and Richard at the Emerald Coast has goalie of scot and I'd be a game.
Take on delivery always available, too, call 954-5723822.
954-5723822 for the amazing, unbeatable, Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
We're sports radio 560-7AM.
Ritians, dumb as dirt.
I want a full investigation.
The children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children
The children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children
The children the children the children the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children
Thank you!
