We are controlling transmitters of this.
Now present meal, dawn,
Let tomorrow's price come spread.
Don't forget me, my name is Kiwi.
My foot is burning, baby.
Welcome.
My foot has, has a big red ring.
Welcome.
Really, is water the size?
It goes my ass.
Feels like it's on fire.
Welcome.
It feels like my ass is on fire.
I'll have to get in one of those inflatable tires.
This is the first, first, first.
Like my ass is on fire.
My ass is on fire.
One thing, that we could get in.
Is water, really old perfume.
Burning frost, which some was gay.
And the troops from out of your ass.
Welcome.
It feels like my ass is on fire.
I'll have to get in one of those inflatable tires.
This is first, first, first.
Oh, I got into the fire.
My ass is on fire.
This feels like my ass is on fire.
I'll have to get in one of those inflatable tires.
This is first, first.
Like my ass is on fire.
My ass is on fire.
My ass is on fire.
Hello to the 560 WQM.
The reason we played that today is because there's a big
concert house going on about that song.
Partly, advertising writers in Florida were planning to
pitch hemorrhoid relief products with a commercial featuring
the Johnny Cash Classic Ring of Fire, aka Asifier.
But Cash's family said there is no way they're going to let that happen.
We would never allow the song to be demeaned like that.
Cash's daughter, Roseanne, told a tenacine of natural tenacine.
The hit was written by Cash's wife, June Carter Cash,
she still dead, and Merle Kilgore, who is now Hank Williams,
Jr.'s manager, both Johnny and June Carter Cash died this
last year.
Teague producer Sue Miller of Big Green Productions in
Fort Lauderdale, Hyesu said she thought of the idea when she heard the song
on a radio while struggling with the uncomfortable condition.
Sue's got it, said it's a life as a paint in the ass.
And she also, I'm sure, heard ask of fire.
Kilgore said at first he thought the idea was funny and that he often
joked about hemorrhoids on stage whenever he'd introduced Ring of Fire.
But Cash's family ain't laughing. No way.
Merle started talking about his moronic time without talking to any of us
she told a tenacine. The song is about the transformative power of love,
and that's what it always meant to me, and that's what it always means to the
Cash childrens. Kilgore said it was not as intention to upset the family.
We certainly, we want to upset the family, we don't really care.
We don't care who we upset, quite frankly.
Wow. We could go ahead and to care.
No, we know. Maybe you do, I don't.
If there are people who are upset, have a great life.
You're lost.
Anyway, so the big announcement one o'clock today, John, everybody keeps
calling John Dean. There must be something that's a little bit bad.
They get married.
Howard Dean is going to want to answer these and not going to be campaigning
no more. His nails still be on the ballot because the ego trip is still there,
but he's not going to be campaigning no more.
He's going to be suspending his campaigning activities.
At least then he won't be fleecing these poor and suspecting banisters for more money
to continue his futile and embarrassing campaign.
After a dismal, distant third place showing in Wisconsin last night,
final tally, Kerry had 40%.
That's your next president, John Kerry.
John Edwards, your next vice president had 34% and Howard Dean had 18%.
And never wavered all my long.
While Kerry and Edwards were battling, NECK and NECK knows to knows
back and forth side by eight.
There was Dean at the distance third all my long.
Stuck at least he's consistent with 18%.
They looked at that.
Meast Kai Wipe is, they said, are you kidding me?
We won't even let her near the White House much less in it.
So Dean's going to be holding an event.
They're calling it an event.
It is Burlington Vermont the home one o'clock this afternoon.
It'll be on.
We'll carry it, of course, won't we?
You bet.
It'll kill some good time.
I already know what's going to be done.
He's going to keep his name on a ballot, but he ain't the campaign in no mode.
So I guess we've had our last opportunity to see the, I have a screen speech, you know, live in the...
In prison.
Maybe you'll come out and give it one last shot.
Where you think?
He'll be back.
For all time's sake.
Hey, for all time's sake, we got Jane Fonda's boobies on our website.
I looked carefully at borrowed Miss Fudge's magnifying glass there.
Now, I looked very carefully to see if I could find John Kerry anywhere in between the boobies
and in the nips in the background somewhere.
Couldn't find no sign of John Kerry.
So he's on the other side.
Oh, is that it?
On the other side of the coast is clear.
It's good.
So let's take a look at the results from yesterday's poll.
We had the staggering response.
And wait till they take a look at Jane Fonda's boobies today.
We'll probably even get a bigger response.
Because that's what they want to see is nips and boobies.
Oh, sorry, sir about that, Michael.
Michael Powell, probably monitoring right now.
1871 votes, and we asked yesterday, which of these applies to you?
I voted for Gordon 2000.
I'll vote for Kerry this time.
1102, about 59%.
I voted for Bush in 2000.
And will again, 238, 12.6%.
A little over 12.5%.
Voted for Bush last time.
They're going to make the same bad mistake again this time.
And we really regret that big time.
I didn't vote in 2000, but I will in 2499.
We didn't ask those people how they're going to vote, but they would have taken all those as fence away, right?
Right.
They're going to leave something hanging.
You know, I voted for Bush in 2000, but this time I'll vote for Kerry 115.
That's 6.1%.
I'm too stupid to vote 110.
I want to give you a kiss.
Right on the lips.
110, 5.8%.
So I'm too stupid to vote.
I voted for native, but this time, Kerry 56.
That's another 3%.
Following this?
Yep.
I'm adding them up.
I voted in 2000, but I won't vote this year 29.
I'm not old enough to vote 14 punks.
I voted for native, but this time for Bush only 8 out of 1875.
A staggering total on there.
Now, I hate with all the numbers.
You know, I hate running down these list of the other's damn numbers.
But once a day we'll do it.
And of course Friday at 150, 5 will be the deadline for our hot couples' content.
Right.
Who's going to win those trips to Jamaica or the Bahamas month?
By the way, anybody noticed that the Haitians are still be voting?
Yeah, it was on the news.
Does anyone care?
Monica and Brian are leaving the way.
How many votes have we got?
I'm Miss Turkey.
4241.
Oh my god.
Holy crap.
That's in, when we put this up yesterday morning at 10.
Or I mean Monday morning at 10.
Whatever it was.
Yeah.
So in other words, in two days, we were averaging 2000 votes today.
We could have over 10,000 votes on this sucker.
Is that incredible or what?
4241 votes.
How many of you think are real?
About 30, man.
Anyway, we don't care whatever you think accomplished.
Good luck to you.
That's what we can't control it.
Monica and Brian 820.
Sarah and Sean 600.
I'm not going to read them all.
Carmen and Carlos 560.
560 QAM.
We'd like them more already.
Fourth place, Jessica and Jeffrey 451.
They still got a shot.
Karen and Joe 246.
Jazeal and Rick 241.
Aaron and Brandon 201.
Jessica and Henry 179.
I'm just going to do the ones with over 100.
Okay.
Carmen and Danny 137.
Davida and Garvey.
Davida.
Okay.
And her one ever name is 102.
And that's it.
Nobody else has 100.
So that's the way that the LA and right now.
You can go on theoranges.com and vote on our Hot Couples contest.
Vote on our poll, which we're going to be building today.
Oh, now one of those.
And we've done this before.
But I don't think we ever had it as general as this.
You know what I mean?
We did movie stars.
We did stuff like that.
We did jock.
We did everything.
Jock.
Every time I hear that spot, I think of word lyricists.
I did jock.
I did jock and everything.
Last night, by the way, 930, one of the most embarrassing live moments in TV history.
I would say as Wolf Blitzkrieg and Larry got there.
They all were getting their wires and signals crossed on CNN.
And while Wolf Blitzkrieg was sitting there breathlessly promoting his 10 o'clock hour
with the final results coming up.
And we had this Nick and Nick knows to nose, Carrie and the Edwards battle going on.
On the bottom of the screen, somebody accidentally put up the, you know,
how they had to check mark when they declared winner.
Right.
And even though at that time, Carrie was a couple of votes behind.
Carrie wins in Wisconsin.
And they put another little little thing under for like a half a second till they pulled it up.
And Wolf was saying, well, it's much too close.
It's going to be a tense battle, Larry and my boy, and then we go back to Larry who says,
well, we're going to go right back to you, Wolf, because I understand you got some new information.
And we go back to Wolf, and we go back to Larry and say, well, maybe, and then it was an abortion.
It was great.
I loved it.
I mentioned Ted Turner's ass turned like a ring of fire red.
Speaking of Ted Turner, Jane Fonda's naked on our website today.
Bubbies and nips as she's son and herself in a commie pinko hot sun as she's preparing to burn in hell.
Here's our poll today.
Who is there was the hottest female celebrity of all time?
I mean, that covers a lot of territory, right?
Yeah, even Dr. Judy Dean might qualify.
Who is there was the hottest female celebrity of all time?
I got a short list here.
Britney Spears, Marilyn Monroe, Liz Taylor, Jane Fonda, Halle Berry, and Janet Jackson.
I put those three on her because those three have been almost naked on our website, right?
Right. And they're in the news.
And it's timely.
Yeah, I mean, boobs are back.
Boobs are back in for a while.
That was like, well, since your girlfriend there from gay watch,
Pam Anderson, Schwartz, whatever, her name is, she made it in the hate boobs.
She's, she's the one to kind of turn to America all on boobs because most of me stuck a pin in them and they scored squirt and everything came losing out.
Yeah.
Britney Spears, Marilyn Monroe, Liz Taylor, Jane Fonda, Halle Berry, Janet Jackson.
So I'm sure we'll get some suggestions for this poll today as we build it.
Got some dead people from our guy out there who does the dead stuff.
Oh, and also speaking of Bo Diedel.
Oh, yeah.
Remember I mentioned that obnoxious, the New York stereotypical asshole that was on I'm Instagram yesterday morning.
That's something like a poll.
We watch him because like some people say about this show, it's like watching a train wreck.
I mean, he's just, I can't get over that.
I'm just, I've become fixated now.
Right.
Because I'm so obsessed with the idea that this dodging old dead man in the chair is still sitting there.
And this morning he had on Dick Cavett.
So there were like two dead men in the chair.
And Cavett was in coherent.
He was mumbling in coherently and it fit right in.
It was great.
Anyway, this Bo Diedel, they're always dragging him out.
He's a former New York cop in my PD cop.
I looked on this, I looked him up on the web and I found some interesting comments.
Some of course are kissing his ass.
This is back when the sniper thing was going on in DC.
I see.
Somebody writes the situation with a sniper on the loose is the, and the Washington DC area is pretty scary.
What really frightens me though is the junk that's coming out of Bo Diedel's mouth.
MSNBC is using Diedel a lot during the saga.
He's got some interesting things to say.
Like his recommendations on closing down highways and having a lot of police around.
He says some really scary stuff though.
Last night on location with Ashley Vanfield, he declared it was time to start giving up some civil liberties.
And we need to stop and search every car.
Just moments ago, he told us he didn't care if it was a legal search or not.
If we find a gun, we have our sniper.
Mr. Diedel, the sniper is a pretty minor threat.
The odds of being hit by the sniper are so far less than the 10 in 250 million in the US.
The threat of having my civil liberties stripped by boobs like you as far greater.
I'd expect that a former police officer like yourself would be able not to panic and throughout the rules
that make our society possible in moments like this.
I guess this illustrates to me the mindset of police officers.
That to me is truly the frightening thing around here.
And then after a couple of ass-looking comments on here,
here's one from somebody in Florida, no less.
It says quite possibly the most ignorant SOB ever to appear in I'mas, low-deadle.
In fact, that was supposed to be yesterday.
So it must have seen yesterday's performance.
It's a beautiful thing.
10-13 at 5-60, QAM.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
Unmistakably, this is television that it's best.
Diana, looks like you're going to be going to jail for DUI.
What did the cops say to you when he stopped you?
Your blood alcohol was pretty high.
How did you feel the day after?
You're probably going to have a cellmate that thinks you're kind of cute.
What do you think's going to happen?
Diana, be strong. You can do it.
What are you going to say the moment you get out of jail?
I won't go back this time.
This has been a presentation of ABC News.
10-18 at 5-60, WQM. Happy Wednesday.
Two A.M. Ad dog will be along at 2-1-4-6-30.
Another tough assignment for Hank.
Pantheon preview at 6-30.
The Panthers at the Red Hot Sabers were scoring goals in bunches.
7 o'clock tonight.
Did I mention that Trevor Kid sucks?
That'll be on QAM on AM790.
He got Huracun's warm-up at 6-30.
Then 7 o'clock on Waxi 790.
Huracans at UM Huskies with Josh Dero.
And our condolences to Joseph Ganky, who's dead past the way.
So clearance will be due in the basketball game.
8K follows the hockey game following all this.
At 10 o'clock and Joe and Mark overnight.
And the new and improved, no Howard David had...
Absolutely.
...by 8 in the morning to your rosé to 10 who still ain't got paid after 9 or 10 weeks.
He still hasn't got paid a dime because Greg is in hiding as usual.
And a child.
Well, anyway, here's the Howard Dean story.
After finally, after disappointing third place showing him Wisconsin primary,
Governor Dean plans to suspend his presidential campaign today.
A dean official told CNN he will leave his name on a ballot.
But the campaign as we have known it for the past 14 months will cease to exist.
The campaign that started out with such tremendous promise.
CNN ended like in a...just fizzled up.
He never even came close second anywhere.
No.
I mean, I think somewhere he came second, like in Nevada, as somewhere.
But not close.
No where, as no how, no...
Nothing.
You know, we got a lot of people interested and excited.
That's wonderful.
We're giving credit for that.
We will not give him credit for good eyesight when you take a look at Dr. Judy Dean.
He's expected to make an announcement on one o'clock this afternoon at Berlington,
Vermont, which we will carry briefly because he has a tendency to ramble on.
And then, of course, they're all going out about to John Edwards
with that strong second place finish last night.
And all of this other crap, 40 to 34 percent.
He gave Kerry a run for his money.
But what they're not talking about enough is the fact that in Wisconsin,
independence and Republicans can cross over and vote in the Democratic primaries.
Which, of course, makes a mockery the whole thing.
Because those people aren't Democrats in the first place,
why should they be picking the Democratic candidate?
And the answer is they shouldn't.
Right.
And most of the primaries, like, for example, in two weeks,
on Super Tuesday, March number two, most of those states don't have cross-overvoting.
Or in cross-dresser voting.
So that didn't go to be a possibility again.
And, of course, among Democrats, Kerry wiped the floor with Edwards' ass.
I'm not saying anything bad about John Edwards except that, like I'm as said,
and when I agree with him, it's got to really be something.
The thing on his lip is very...it's disconcerting, you know?
Yeah.
And because that thing on his lip must be awfully heavy or disturbing to him,
he kind of like almost like John Crachin talks out of the side at one side of his mouth.
He's like a southern John Crachin, if you catch my...
Who's that?
Where?
Here's some debts to report.
John mine...oh, and by the way, Rita Hayworth, we can put that up there now, Eric,
and so you can just go have a nice day.
Because Josh, I'm sure, will be adding the thousands of names to our list
about the hottest female celebrity of all time.
Mojo says,
Rita Hayworth hands down how does broad-ever.
Hands down her pantalinies.
That's what Mojo says, so let's get Rita Hayworth on there.
We got her.
We can put that baby right up there.
Because I'm sure that I voted for Brittany.
Yeah, the video is just on his matter factor.
No, since it's me.
Well, it's still on during the day time.
Can you believe it?
You better call Michael Powell about that and let him know.
What do you want me to call him?
An asshole.
Jan Miner died.
Here's our deaths to report list from our faxer today.
Now you probably say, who the hell is Jan Miner?
Well, you know, my dad.
What the hell is Jan Miner?
Stage actress forever known as Magddemannikuris
who will come all of this Washington liquid commercials
where she talked about the soap's gentleness
and told her customers the hands were soaking in it.
You're soaking in it.
And now she's floating in it.
She played the part for 27 excruciating years.
In addition to her busy filament stage career,
she died February 15th in the hospital in Bethal Connecticut.
She was 86.
Joe Vitarelli,
greaseball actor who made a career out of playing mobsters
in films like Analyze This, Analyze That,
shallow hell, Mickey Blue Eyes, Mafia and mobster.
And who reprised his Miner persona
in the recent spot for staples,
which first had during a Super Bowl on the baby for his death.
How do you like that?
It aired on the baby for his death.
I mentioned it when he saw Janet's booby.
That's what put him over the edge.
He died February 2nd in Las Vegas.
He had a heart problem at 62.
He probably was in his room watching that thing.
And that was it.
Charlie Fox.
All the sports nerds, no Charlie Fox.
Baseball manager was voted manager of the year in 71
after leaving the San Francisco Giants to a 1972 record.
Managed the team from 70 to 74.
And later served as general manager for the Montreal Expose.
That February 16th at a hospital in Palomato, California
of pneumonia at the age of 82.
And Michael Moran.
Remember him?
Hope?
I think he was akin to Ian Moran.
He used to play for the penguins.
For Mager character actor,
it's importing roles in such films as Scarface 9 and a half weeks.
Ghostbusters 2 Flex Lives,
a perfect murder, sleepers city by the sea,
and catch me if you can,
who had guest appearances in numerous TV shows including Matt Locke,
Law and Order and the Cosby Mysteries.
What the hell is that?
The Cosby Mysteries?
Don't ask.
Wow.
You don't want to know.
Okay.
No, I don't.
I feel Cosby had anything to do with it.
I don't want none.
No, no, no.
It gives me the willy.
He ought to be a imagination.
And who may be more familiar as the German banker in Pillsbury Toaster
Stoodle commercials,
which he played for seven years,
died February 11th in New York City Hospital after brief illness at age 59.
He was the German banker in the Pillsbury Toaster Stoodle commercials.
He probably also was the guy who used to poke the Pillsbury Doe Boy in the public.
Remember that?
Yeah.
In the Doe Boy we were giggle, just like that.
He would stick his finger in his public,
in the Pillsbury Doe Boy would let out like a little giggle, a little described.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lone.
We want to build an impressive list on our poll here of at least 20,000,000 names.
Who is or was the hottest female celebrity in the world?
Nobody of all time.
Look at all the call on there, man.
WDQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
I love this.
We always get off to a really big start.
It just, it kind of gives me a good choice.
Now I'm serious.
It always gives me the impetus to keep going for the next four hours.
That was beautiful.
Beautiful.
Thank you so much, sir.
The phones are just smoking off the hook with names of hot female celebrities.
We've never done this one before.
We did movie actresses.
This encompasses everybody.
Celebrity.
Anybody famous?
Anybody flame a famous?
There they go.
Finally, a little bit slow.
WDQA, hello.
Fuck you.
And back at you.
WDQA, hello.
You've never done this one before.
QAM.
Like I said, they're a little bit on the slow side today.
They're a little bit surly.
A little bit, maybe these are the Dean people, now.
They're taking the kind of talk.
Don't take it so hard.
Okay.
He still has his moment in the sunshine.
WDQA, hello.
QAM.
Yes, sir.
Definitely, Danzolo.
Who?
Beverly Danzolo.
Beverly Danzolo?
Yeah.
Who's that?
She played the wife in those Chevy Chase National Anthem.
Oh, okay, great.
Beverly Danzolo, got it?
We got it.
Do you know who that was?
Absolutely.
She's been in a million movies.
I'm not saying I know who she is now that he told me,
but I mean, would you have asked that name?
Or did he say, oh, yeah, she was in those Chevy Chase movies.
Yeah.
Well, good for you.
WDQA, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Kim Basinger.
Kim Basinger, all right.
Absolutely.
Good choice.
Excellent choice. Thank you, pal.
Love you, buddy.
And have a great day.
See, now we're starting.
It took a little while.
They're a little bit slow.
Like, are we really playing this game now?
I'm going to go, Neil.
Is this the game we were...
Or are we even going to start reading a whole bunch of stuff
and leave us all hanging in here?
I'll do whatever it is I want.
How do you like that?
Oh.
I'll do it.
I'll play it by ears.
The way it goes.
That's the way it works on this show.
Play it by ear.
26 pack, past 10.
Oh, let's see.
There got some votes coming in there.
Marilyn Monroe.
Finally, we got that thing going.
We got it up.
Marilyn usually has that effect.
Seven for Marilyn.
Three for Britney Spears.
I hate...
I'm going to say something you're not going to like.
A lot of people won't like.
I thought Marilyn Monroe from a facial standpoint
was highly overrated.
Oh, I agree.
I mean, you know, the body and the sexiness and all of that stuff
are fine.
But I think that her face was...
You know, she was the doctor Judy Dean.
A beauty, beauty-alone standpoint right.
It was not all...
Why she had a mole?
Yeah, well, moles can be attracted.
She had that mole, but she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
And then, she had a loan to it.
Regarding her boob showing activity during half time.
I am even more upset that a network
that such a sickening display get on the air.
Women are disgusting, especially naked women.
People believe that she was actually wearing a pasty
when Justin Timberlake tore off her clothing.
This is simply not true.
I am here to say, for the very first time on the public airways,
that my sister, Janet Jackson, actually has
from the Talik right nipple.
The fact remains that all of us in the Jackson clan
are actually space aliens.
We came here to earth to study your species.
You are a bold and complex people on this planet.
I am very sorry.
I am not able to address any questions from the press, presently.
I have to return to my spaceship with my wonder monkey, Greek.
Thank you very much.
Come on, Greek.
Come on, Greek.
Greek.
Come on, Greek.
Greek.
1032-560 WQAM.
Yeah, they came to earth to molester children.
If the priest can't do it, Michael might as well.
Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time?
Let's take a 40 or 50,000 calls and get that list built.
Merlin Monroe is ahead of Britney Spears.
I find that ludicrous.
With an old crowd.
Huh?
We have an old crowd.
What does it have to do with your age?
I mean, I am an old far too, but I can see.
I can sniff.
I can smell.
I can see it, right?
She is great mother to the people.
I see.
WQAM, hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hermione Gingold.
And while we do the hottest male celebrity, we can put Hans Conrad.
All right.
Talking about old far as Hermione Gingold, you don't even know who that is, do you?
No, I've heard you mention it.
You know, I don't know whatever it is.
She was only about 150 years old.
She used to be on my pantomime quiz 100 years ago.
WQAM, hello.
Fuck you.
Out of control to the army.
Oh, yes.
Just out of control.
That could have been our friend could have.
No, that was a different friend.
Let's see.
Here's one that says, if she isn't now, she probably will be the hottest female celebrity of all time.
Charlize Theron.
Charlize Theron.
We have no problem with that.
You look pretty dang good at the Grammys.
I'll tell you that.
You look just fine.
She doesn't have a bad side.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
And you left it off the best of the...
So, feel a rant.
So, feel a rant.
But if we put them all on there, then what would you guys do?
Oh, see.
Said she's the right-wush, the best, man.
And you know what, she still looks good.
Mm-hmm.
Still hot.
Yeah.
That way.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great year.
You ready?
Welcome.
They're not.
56670560, £560.
I got a whole bunch of stuff I want to get into here.
But I figured we'd start with about 600, 700 calls, right?
Why not?
We get the names built on that list.
Because we don't want all...
I'll look at Marilyn Monroe, 22 Britney Spears 9,
and Hallie Burry 7, Rita Hayworth 4.
Come on now.
Take a look at Britney and Ed Video and that toxic video.
Just take a look at that.
I even...
I even an old fan like me can tell.
That's something really, really special right there.
Yeah.
Marilyn Monroe couldn't hold a candle door, but I bet you'd like to watch.
Okay.
One day we'll do the...
We already did, I guess, the lesbian fantasy thing.
We'll do that again.
We'll do a poll on that.
Britney and Marilyn Monroe.
Okay.
WQM, hello.
Does the person we nominated have to be over 18?
It has to be a celebrity.
Yeah, but maybe...
Not racist, surely.
Well, all depends on how embarrassed you are.
I mean, you know.
Let me say a quick before someone recognized my voice.
Too late.
Hillary Duff.
Hillary Duff, who's that?
Oh, please.
Who is it?
You don't...
She liked the next Britney Spears.
Did you ever hear Hillary Duff do it?
Sure.
You have?
Yeah.
She's cute.
What is she a singer?
Yeah.
Well, she's just...
She'd like to be a singer.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, how old is she about 10?
She's 16.
Oh, that's fine.
No problem, man.
This is only for fun.
Okay.
And we're tracing the call, by the way.
Have a great day.
Okay.
No, Hillary Duff.
Yeah, she's one of these...
She's like the olds in twins.
She does a little of this, a little of that.
Duff, get off this incident.
Yeah.
See your step on Duff.
Get off this incident.
Hillary Duff.
I'm going to go to the show how shoved her I am.
I mean, what do I know about that?
Yeah, you're not this or anything.
Oh, I wouldn't...
You're cute, but, yeah.
Cutie.
Yeah, you wouldn't want to...
See, that guy and I see when Britney was 17,
there was no...
There wasn't one heterosexual male out there that had any crumbs about it.
They wanted her bad.
Okay.
They didn't even go out and pony up the cash for the phony ID.
Just to cover their ass and hers too.
I would have done her in front of the data.
You covered her ass.
You know, that expression about when horses mate,
he's covering the mirror.
WQA and hello.
Hey, how about Heddy Lamar?
Heddy Lamar was pretty special 100 years ago, right?
Yeah, absolutely.
Okay, thanks.
You got it.
Did he say...
Absolutely.
Heddy Lamar.
Now, you're going to spell these wrong, right?
Because I don't just verbally danger low.
Doesn't have like an apostrophe in it.
Isn't your name like...
You're not the end here from HAD apostrophe...
K and A and L.
Right.
Well, I mean, you're leaving Josh to do it.
How do I know who the hell am I?
Radio, we don't have to spell.
Spell him right.
Okay, Heddy Lamar.
If you don't spell Heddy Lamar right.
How is it?
Is it got two D's or one?
What?
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes sir.
Who is it?
JT1.
Oh, JT1.
Oh, JT1.
Okay, she was on the CBS show for about 10 minutes, right?
She's not still on her.
Is she anywhere?
Henry D8X-Wife.
Jane Seymour.
Now, she's like a light chocolate, right?
Excuse me?
Would you say Jane Seymour?
Isn't she like Mocha?
Light is the driven snow.
No, come on.
Who am I thinking of?
They used to be on a morning show.
I don't know.
There was some other, bro.
Well, maybe with a similar name.
I'm just going to tell you what that's all about.
So who is Jane Seymour?
What does she do?
Dr. Quinn Medicinewoman.
There's her latest thing.
But she's been in a million movies.
She was on the CBS morning show?
That's an idol.
Okay.
You'll see the whole thing.
She's a very similar name, who is a little bit on the light chocolate side.
This is great that you have some idea because I don't watch any of that, Greg.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Dr. Quinn Medicinewoman, you watch that?
No.
It's on the previews every 5 minutes.
Pat Quinn Medicinewoman?
Prairie Quinn Medicineman?
By the way, I still have those pictures of Prairie Quinn.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Look at that on me.
The rain is looking.
You, why?
You probably even watch here.
What's it?
Angus Acrysthe?
Yeah, right.
He's talking about murder.
He wrote with Angela Landberg.
That's what I was thinking of.
With the 400-year-old Angela Landzbury.
No, it's just because I'm an obsessed.
I'm an obsessed.
That's what I'm up to.
That's what I'm up to.
Some of our folks will vote for Angela Landzbury.
Do you see what it's like?
You remember Sansa and Delayla?
Delayla, Delayla, Delayla.
I remember her.
You don't remember the famous head of the week with the job bone of an ass?
It was she has the job bone of an ass?
Lately, tell me you didn't see the Sansa movie.
No.
WQA, hello.
I'm here.
Yes, sir.
Beyonce knows.
Beyonce knows.
I know it wouldn't take long.
And we're looking at the side of her booby, the NBA All-Star game.
Thanks to TNT for blocking it out.
Not.
Beyonce, of course.
Now, James Seymour, you've got to be playing with my brain.
Maybe there's a different James Seymour.
Who you're talking about?
There was a broad G.
It was out with Brian Cumberland.
You know, they've had 800 different machinations and versions in the variations on the Morning Show on CBS to try to get an audience with the King.
No, I don't.
Because I don't watch those shows.
All right. Well, I'm going to, during the break, I'm going to do a search on James Seymour.
I bet your life on it.
All right.
Oh, look at this.
The bishop.
We'll get to that eventually.
The bishop says he thought he hit a rock.
I never zone up.
He thought he hit a big ol' rock.
Little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, smile!
The CNN breasts might actually have broken into the before and forcibly dragged her off camera
if they'd only known as she confesses in feeding the beast that she was suffering a catastrophic
gastrointestinal failure as she'd vabbled about the National Security Council.
Oh no, she pooped her pants.
It says whatever you think about CNN Fox News and the rest there, here to stay is that
it'll be notes 24 hour cable news is no longer just an American phenomenon, but international
with all news channels springing up everywhere from South Africa to Brazil, each with its own
distinctive style.
One of them, Great Britain's live TV channel, leaving that somebody in a giant bunny
costume, converting behind the anchor.
Wouldn't you love to see him go one on one with Bill O'Reilly?
Yeah, I'd like to see him stick it to Bill O'Reilly.
But then little bunny on numbers.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, 5'60 on the AT&T, missed it Monday night on Trio.
Anybody see anything?
Never even heard of it.
Never even heard of Trio.
There's a better chance that I'd know who Jane Seymour was than Trio.
Who?
Exactly.
WQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing, sweet lips?
Okay.
I got one for your poll and you gave me wood.
Shirley Booth.
Shirley Booth.
Is she good?
Well, Shirley Booth, I remember as an adult.
I don't think I ever saw Shirley Booth when she was a child.
Very hot when she was a child.
Very hot.
Okay.
Thank you, word for her.
Well, Shirley Booth, what was she in that I'm thinking of when she was about like, she played
the maid or something, the nanny?
I don't know.
You don't know?
See?
Before my time.
No, TV show.
What's Shirley Booth?
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I think it was Jane Kennedy.
WQM, hello.
I speak with Neil Blieff.
Speaking.
Hey, what about Raquel Welch?
Do we get her on there?
I thought we did.
Yeah, she's in third place.
She's got 24 pound, but thanks anyway.
She has to be given updates and I'm busy babbling about the crap.
About shows that we missed because we don't get the channel and nobody told us anyway.
And the reason nobody told us is because they don't know the channel anyway.
Hazel.
Hazel.
Right, Shirley Booth.
Hazel.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for telling me that.
Book a bride.
Oh, and by the way, Woody Graber stops sending us stuff that we've had for a month.
These people from Buffalo, man.
Oh, is that his excuse?
Yeah, he's from Buffalo.
He wears his bowling socks too tight.
Now it all adds up.
On his head.
Oh, maybe that ponytail.
Maybe he's been the anchored a little bit too much in the ponytail too.
Yeah, Woody Graber sent us a thing that we've had on the George W. Bush, the actual figure.
The action figure there, which is one of the neatest things we got on there when you put all the little buttons and he goes,
little, little, little, little, little, little, like that.
And Woody Graber does the same thing.
That's Woody, but it's a, see if you, people will take your time to go on theorodges.com.
Those of you who have the PC or go to the internet cafe, like we talked about yesterday, then you discover what we've got.
And you wouldn't waste the facts paper and your energy, even though your intentions are good-wody, with a lot of stuff that's old and passé now.
See what I'm saying Woody?
Kind of like you Woody, old and passé, but we love you anyway.
But you're old and passé.
Like me.
Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time?
Okay, here's the latest.
We got 310 vote.
They're starting to get on there to start to find something they like.
Merlin on row 57, Britney Spears 37.
I'm going to say it again.
There's no count. There's no comparison.
No.
Rack Hellwell 24, Sophia on row 22.
Halley's very, she's got 22.
If you missed Halley's very yesterday.
Now do we still have on the features page, can they go back and see the, I thought we were going to just like make a gallery survey.
Building a gallery, that's where those pictures were.
Oh, are you there?
No.
Kim based your 16 Charlize.
They're on. I told you she'd be moving it up 13 and Jane found her 13.
You can see Jane in the main, down the plane, with her boobies hanging out.
She's sunning herself on our website today.
Rita Hayworth 12.
Liz Taylor 7.
Beyonce Noelle 7.
Carmen Lecter 6.
Hillary's Duff 6.
See now, if I was to say, you know the show's 7th heaven?
Yes.
I'm aware of it.
But if father's a minister, he can be used on that show.
Howard Beard.
And so I'm aware of it.
Okay. Now the guy who plays the young cop.
To me, I would say he, huh?
I'm never actually watched the show.
I'm still right.
I didn't either. I just see a little bit.
No, that's a very, very, very serious.
I had to play the young cop.
There's a lot of very good people on that show.
They're female in between.
But the young son is really cute.
And now he's got to be like 17, 18.
I don't know.
But if I were to say that on here that I thought that kid was really cute,
that would be, oh my god.
And yeah, right.
The world would come to an end.
But these heterosexual guys, they're oogling about Hillary Duff,
who just turned five.
See, that's a different story.
We got a different set of standards.
And as long as you remember that, you'll be just fine.
Okay. So, as long as I go step in line.
They're right.
But I still think he's pretty cute.
All over the cop, I would take him first.
Man.
Holy Toledo.
Uh, Catherine Zeta Jones, six-board Derek, six-race Kelly, five.
Jane Kennedy's got five.
See, I told you.
Ha-ha-ha.
Ferris Fawcett, five, Tyra Branks, five, Natalie Wood, five, Beverly,
Danza, four, Demi Moore, four.
Sophia Fagaro, four, Jennifer Connelly, four.
Jane Seymour, three.
How do you like that?
Jane Kennedy's got five.
And Jane Seymour's got three.
Huh.
Yeah.
Shania Twain's got three.
She should be doing better than that, Barbara Eden, three.
L. McPherson, three.
Alyssa Milano, three.
Selminio, don't have any yet.
Vanessa Williams, two, Gina Lola, Brigida one, Janet Jackson one,
Jane Mansfield one, and Diane Keaton.
Has got one, Buster.
No votes yet for Eva Gabor, Penny Lamar, Shirley Booth, or Sharon Stone,
out of 319.
Sure.
Oh, Shirley Booth was a little late.
Well, even to me, she's like an old lady.
So the guy's a little, you know, or maybe he just likes old Flicks from a hundred years ago.
Old bags.
Or old bags, that could be it.
There's a lot of guys that like old bags.
You'd be amazed.
I guess they would.
It's 20, and there's a lot of guys that like old bags.
And I'm amazed and very pleased.
22 and a five, 60, WQM.
Hey, speaking of a bouncer round on it, when it comes to a mattress,
America's leading brand is Cele.
Make no mistake about it.
The Cele Poster-Pete Climb is world famous for comfort and durability.
I mentioned today that Trevor kids sucks, by the way.
He blows.
He couldn't stop a bowling ball from a hundred yards,
a world by a five-year-old child.
If you want rock bottom prices on the entire lineup of brand new Cele Poster-Pete Climb,
it's every day of the year, not just some phone-y one-time sale.
Pick up the phone and call 1-800-Matres because that's the number to get you in touch
with our good close personal friends at dial-matters.
They'd be the best.
dial-matters carries the complete line of Cele.
And now they're even easier to care for than before because
Cele's new line of posture, petex, are just like the beast.
They never have to be flipped or rotated.
Sometimes they perch and rotate, but that's about it.
Just have them set up a for you or enjoy years of comfort.
These beds are constructed to provide optimal comfort on the sleeping service.
And they will last you for years for a coon's age.
Just call 1-800-Matres now and speak with an expert bed and consultant
who really knows what they're talking about.
And enjoy the service ranked the best in the world for overall customer satisfaction.
With low prices, same-day delivery, free set up and removal,
it's easy for even a moron to see why dial-matters is ranked number one.
Absolutely.
In customer satisfaction.
Enjoy a great night's sleep tonight and for years to come with a new Cele Poster-Pete from dial-matters.
I've been getting my mattresses from them for years and now even everybody else in a station
is jumping on the bad way, including George, Bill Caprine, the lovely Miguel,
and the anxious fat boy.
Call 1-800-Matres.
That's all you have to do.
They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all when it's convenient for you.
1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at mattress.com.
My record local is 6560.
The rate is all yours now.
P-W-A-N.
Wait a minute.
What is this?
Uh-uh, uh-uh.
Uh-uh, uh-uh.
Uh-uh, uh-uh.
Wait, there we go.
Here we go.
She's a big name duty and we've seen her booted enough to know her blonde hair's
nap time.
When she needs a big hit, they just show us her and a teeny-weeny peek at her pad.
Oh, they've had all the film she's in show us lives.
She should get an Oscar for the way she mulled.
It's my decition that I've got any directions from them.
Please cover Sharon's phone.
Sharon's on her act.
You ain't worth the sound.
Give my pants a just pitch the sound.
I'm the person who testsosterone.
Someone cover up Sharon's phone.
I'm showing you some five-fillion-she-fellage.
Hmm.
Yoyang, my good-dugged-dugged-duggy-lucky with her little wood-chucky-nicked-motties all across the floor.
Then her big dub-dub-dub-dub-motties naked in the tub-it.
It's just about rub-the-selve-roar.
Shit, I was dressed, scanted.
Thank God you wore a panties.
Who knows the next thing she'll be showing.
Don't mean to sound stupid, but I think I've had enough.
There's someone cover up Sharon's phone.
Sharon's on her act.
She's going to film a Disney movie.
She's not crazy.
She's just a young baby.
I'm the person who testsosterone.
Someone cover up Sharon's phone.
Cover up Sharon's phone.
Really bold-witted, her cozy-awter.
Now he's having trouble panting-awter.
And I just can't leave myself alone.
Someone cover up Sharon's phone.
Sharon's on my cell for an eye for lover's hair.
Oh wait, how was she?
She's not at with the schooltower.
She's a public garage in its zone.
Someone cover up Sharon's phone.
Cover up Sharon's phone.
Sharan's on her act.
Sharan's on her act.
Sharan's on her act.
Sharan's on her act.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
She's not at home.
That's a Hillary well.
In that case, I take back what I said.
I apologize to the guy I called before.
Because she looks every bit like...
Well, it's hard to tell.
It's a black and white picture and it's a facts.
But she looks like 25 minimum, right?
Right.
That's okay.
If they look old enough, that's all right.
That's what Michael said.
He looked at least 12.
This article you see me, it's too long, but this is a great column.
It's in the...
What should I call it?
Besides it's available on the internet, the latest...
What's the American conservative?
That's the one, right?
Pat, you can in no end-to-war.
It's a raging, ripping review on this sick, twisted book by Richard Pearl and David From.
Called an end-to-evil How to Win the War on Terror.
Which is nothing more than hysterical.
Like it says, the From Pearl prescription would instare American endless conflict.
They'd have us at war for the rest of the time.
It says, this is an awesome fling of the Neocons by Pat Buchanan.
I sent only the first two of 10 pages, but you can get the whole thing here and it's got the website.
Okay, we'll get this on our website too.
Oh, I'm speaking and getting stuff on the website.
There's another added bonus on the...
What I told you about this morning on the pop-up ad...
You don't pay money by the way to get rid of pop-up ads.
Amazon.com through their Alexa service.
They offer you...
Is it Alexa?
You said Alexa.
They offer you...
Well, I'm looking at the bar right now.
A chant all over it does.
That's the way you start going on your bell on there.
Do you want to just say?
Yeah.
Of course, but I don't care.
And feel hungry.
Not only is it a very effective pop-up blocker and for each site that you go to,
only once if you click on, you know, remember this always for this site.
And you block the pop-up ads.
For example, Washington Post and several other ones.
They're just inundated with pop-up ads.
This one blocks them out and it's for free.
Just look up ALEXA Alexa.
And it's the service.amazon.com.
It's for free and it works very, very well.
And the other good thing is too, like if you have something on there,
instead of going to the deal where I have email stuff,
they have a little icon you click on,
and you can email whatever article, whatever you're looking at at the moment.
Immediately if not sooner.
Isn't that great?
Very good.
Instead of going through the other second and third right.
You just for lazy people.
Believe me folks, if you want to give her the pop-up ads,
don't pay $19.95 or $29.95.
Why pay for when you get it for free, right?
So I've heard.
That's what I always say.
370 votes.
Top five.
Maryland Monroe 61.
Britney Spears 41.
Raquel Wealth's 34.
Sophia Lorenz 28.
And Halle's Berries have got $23.
And I do have to mention Charlize Theron has moved it up nicely with 17.
You go right like her a lot.
Yeah, I like her a lot.
Kevin DeCue, why am hello?
Hi, I have one for my boyfriend.
He's on the road.
His name is Mike and he listens to you basically.
See on the road again?
He's on the road again.
And he loves Drew Barrymore.
Drew Barrymore, well, we'll put her on there for him.
All right, thanks so much.
You have a great day.
All right, you too, bye-bye.
Bye.
Drew Barrymore, get her on there.
She's going on there.
Is she going on on it?
How about Tom Green?
Is he going on it?
Going on.
Five, six, seven.
He's a real nut.
Who have any QA?
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing now?
Okay.
How about the Annen Nicole before she became a fat swab?
Well, she's back to skinny again.
That's the thing.
Yeah, she's back to, I don't say she's back to skinny again.
She's back to skinny again.
Everything being roller.
She's not skinny.
I saw her a couple nights ago.
She was on with a kingmeister.
And she's still packing a few extra believe me.
Yeah, she was looking at the healthy.
She has a giant silver rod.
Boom, put her on there for her, pal.
All righty.
Have a break here.
Well, she, you know, she can't eat as much as she used to
because she spent all the old guys money now.
No.
The world hasn't got it yet.
And I know.
It's just a little play on cash.
Sure, just relax.
So we'll put Annen Nicole on there to make him happy.
Why not?
And you as well.
Don't tell me she slimmed down.
Relatively speaking, okay?
Relatively speaking.
That's like saying that the-
I'll tell you who did slimmed down is, uh, Karnie Wilson.
Yeah, well, she had the operation.
Did you really?
Yes.
Well, that's right.
I know because I told you I saw a biography about a month ago.
I still, uh, I'm not that crazy about her though.
There's something-
There's something there.
It's like with Howard Dean.
You're looking at something a little bit off.
Why would you take your kid, Karnie?
Nothing good can come of that because you're doing a lot of drugs.
And you spend all day in bed with your teddy bear.
So what do you expect her to make your kids?
In fact, maybe you figured he was going to be a Karnie man
before they put him in a box.
He's still alive by the way, Brian Wilson.
Yeah.
He's still making that music.
Don't try talking to him, though, because he don't speak too much.
Five-six-
He is.
Five-six-
Or anybody, although, 0560 and 0560 on a AT&T line.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, please.
Yes sir, speaking.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
This is the early, if I can change topics that the, uh, the Haitians were revolting.
Yes.
I think they're downright disgusting.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Did you hear that?
Yeah, do you think he had help with that or did it all?
I think probably, uh, his, all his friends.
Oh, my God.
How we have to know?
It hurt.
So lame, so weak, man, please.
But at least he gave it a shot.
You know what I'm saying?
Thank you.
How can we jump?
Did he give it a shot?
I didn't even want to fish him.
But no, it's the one-stad era.
Right.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Man, George is getting the sports intensive.
Now we're talking.
Where it might even speak to you once in a while.
Let's see.
Here are two great articles for you.
It says, uh, observer.com.
What are these about?
Chronic child and a holiday.
I have to check them out.
I always thought that Elmock first was outstanding and standing out in sirens.
And George writes on there.
Yes.
That's a movie for all time.
Sirens, sirens.
What's it about?
It's about sirens.
Like five or six women that can't keep their clothes on.
Oh.
And I think there's a movie going on around it.
Hugh Grant's, uh, in there some way.
Ah!
Hugh Grant's in there.
I guess what?
Oh, it's not for you.
You said the man you called.
It's for us.
Oh, look at this.
Look for the QM van from Noondah.
Well, this is very timely, Miguel.
Lovely.
I'm sure they're going to be looking for it now that it gives us to me at five minutes till noon.
What a schmuck, man.
What a schmuck.
He still looks pretty good, but man, you can't complain about his IQ because he don't have any.
Look for the QM van from Noondah to the day at the shell station.
Just west of I, 95 on Sheridan Street, right?
Kitty Corner, Georgia's house in the old IOD studios with Paxon.
In fact, you can stop I and see Sheridan and Mike Disney at the Akkach studios.
Stop by the registered Winnipear tickets to see the Marlins on opening day against these Spos.
It'll be the Spos and the Spos on opening day to Marlins and the Montreal, the M&M boys.
Anybody care about that?
No.
They care about that as much as I care about Payrod, man.
As in none.
As in, did I mention Trevor Kid Bites and blows?
Yes.
Don't forget Noondah to the QM van will have to promote this heavily because he fell down on the job and gave this to me at five.
Did he just come in and give this to you?
Yeah.
Or is it possible to give it to you while ago and it's been sitting around and you just fasted it to me?
Yeah, that's what happened.
That's all.
That's a good excuse.
What am I going to excuse this for?
Let me go.
We're covering up this because you look pretty good.
Noondah to the shell station just west of I, 95 on Sheridan Street, and you can register to win.
What does that mean?
Just register to win.
Don't ask questions.
A pair of tickets.
We'll give you something.
Register to win a big pair.
1157 at 560 QAM.
We are sports radio fighters.
QAM.
This is Dick Cheney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
We've been AA.
The honorable reverend, Jerry Ballwell.
My friends, I'm sure that Hallibary is a lovely actress and the fine actress, as well as Chuck Barry with his jungle music.
But friends, I must speak out and cancel the academies of Bracing of Colored Fort.
It's my understanding that the pop culture industry is perpetrated by homosexual Jews.
It was them, and that's Clinton, of course, who brought the tragedy of not only living upon us.
Gow was his angered by all who are not in the lackness of myself.
All that's right is Christian and white.
Now pull down your pants with me in prey.
Dear Lord in heaven, help me find my penis.
Thank you.
You call that a penis?
12-1 at 560 WDQAM.
I'm having Wednesday 2 and I'll see Colorado.
This is Justin Willhara Special Assistant, Special Aid to Monitor Athletics Department.
University of Colorado said it planned to hire a special administrator to oversee the athletic department and scandal play football program for a female placemaker who said she was rafed by a teammate four years ago.
So they're trying to cover their ass and hers too.
Now we got fances. I got a polyfaxes here, the likes of which I've seldom seen.
They're emotional about this and why not?
Right.
Here's Osmar. I thought it was Omar, but I noticed there's an S. What kind of an amazette? Never heard of it.
Osmar. Osmar, Miami says, for the level all that is holy, why don't you have Angelina Jolie on your pool?
God, I know I'd love to have her on mine.
That's cute. Nice going, Osmar. Whatever you are.
Now somebody copied this out of a book out of a summer website, right?
I guess.
But it's a lovely thing. It's emotional.
It says if there ever was a woman that could be in attractive even being your age 50 or beyond, there would be Jane Seymour.
Only one word describes her. Beautiful. She was raised with class.
Has that delightful, refined English accent that many love?
Is hard working, has a warm charitable heart and is amazingly down to earth.
Jane Seymour is an exotic beauty who is finally honed acting talent.
A senior through a successful, interesting and still growing career.
Her career spans decades and she's one of the best known television actresses ever.
Well, could have fooled me. She was even a bond girl.
Well, yeah.
Living my life.
Was that it?
Right.
Have you ever watched any of those old, symbad movies? Remember them?
No.
Okay.
Is that a Western or Civil War movie?
It's an Eastern.
They say having children wears you down so much that your parents fades more quickly.
Well, Jane has had four children that is and she has barely changed it all in the last 30 years.
How many years?
About 30, man.
It seems as if that saying isn't true at all.
Well, whatever. They copied it out of a somewhere.
But it's warm and emotional and makes you feel all fuzzy all over.
She just turned 87 by the way, Jane Seymour. She's still going strong.
Somebody says that chronic encoco says Linda Evans. Good choice.
Yes.
What's wrong with Linda Evans?
She's a little old but other than that?
No, that's not the point.
The question is who knew or was the hottest female celebrity of all time?
She was, she's eight.
I mean, we're going to say Ferris Fawcett, right?
She ain't looking too good these days, man. Holy crap.
You know, a little abridgida.
Man.
Right.
Or Sophia LaRose Sophia still was pretty good.
Linda Evans was another flawless beauty.
Canis Mastemacio is Sophia LaRose Sophia Coppola.
Huh.
Only the nose knows.
Vanessa Paradis.
Paradise.
Oh, that's Johnny Deft's wife.
Yeah.
I have seen her.
You know, Vanessa?
Yeah.
You don't like her?
Yeah, she's fine.
Are you knocking Johnny Deft again now?
She's saying you're on you, man.
Now you're walking on.
You still didn't see that great movie I told you about Deadman?
No.
Don't.
Okay.
It says you watch the show online, triotv.com.
The entire show will air again.
Oh, that's good.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow at midnight.
What does that mean tonight at midnight?
219.
Good question.
Check it out.
I'm going to say 219 at midnight.
So is that that would be tonight at midnight, I guess.
All right.
And says George Tebow.
Tebow it.
You got Tebow?
No.
In North Carolina we have Tebow.
Some Yoke'll sold my mom on it.
I'll be damned.
I handed on my direct TV.
I had not Tebow.
What's the other one?
I don't know.
And I got rid of it because I had nothing but problems with the other receiver, man.
It was a real piece of Dreck.
I hate it.
Christie McNeil for a long time.
Come on.
Oh, she's a...
Maybe she was a hottie and NBC's empty nest.
Too bad she turned out to be a dick.
It says but she was hot.
Christie McNeil was hot.
Her brother Jimmy McNeil was cuter than she was.
She looked like a little ducky.
I liked her.
And what show was she on?
Family?
Very good.
Christie McNeil with Willie.
What was his name?
Willie Ains.
No, not Willie Ains.
Her brother Willie with the mole on his thing.
Willie.
And James Brotterick.
Brotterick, whatever his name was, who just died.
Audrey Hepburn.
Now we're talking.
How could we leave the beautiful, the everybody loved Audrey Hepburn?
Raeol was small.
She was a small tight package, a whisper of a woman, a lovely little lady.
Audrey Hepburn.
I'm going to save this thing about watching it online.
Yeah.
Although I don't think I'm going to be up at midnight watching it online.
Since I can't tape online.
You don't understand?
Okay.
Here's one that says from Steve.
Savannah Stampton is the hottest celebrity of all time.
And George, who she is, he's got a portal up first.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We're dealing with continuing his campaign, even though he's effectively dropping out.
And along the lines of what McCain did, when he just then did his campaign,
the three thousand won't have enough delegates.
What exactly does that mean?
It was very difficult sometime once.
I'm tired of her.
Aren't you down in Brazil?
Yeah.
Center back to Brazil.
WQM, hello.
Nice talking to you.
There was a good choice.
Put that one on there.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Chris.
Speak to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil, I have one for you, lift.
Go ahead.
Christy Brinkley.
Christy Brinkley.
Sure is how it beats out Christy McNichol.
Oh, wait.
Yeah.
Can I have a change of subject for a second?
Yes, sir.
You know the whole thing about Janet Stachens, Boobs.
Have you ever been to the museum, a Metro Problem Museum in New York?
Sure.
They got the statue of David with his whole unit hanging out.
Right.
How come they never make a big deal about that?
Kids come in school, you know, with thousands of kids coming with buses of school and see that.
Right.
No one's ever, ever said anything about that.
Over a little shot of a slightly seen boob.
A boobie.
Thank you very much.
Pretty sad, man.
Excellent point.
Thanks a lot.
Well, of course, that's just a statue.
And of course, statues are, you know, a statue is not a living thing, right?
Right.
Just like those statues that John Ascroff was covering up because he didn't want the boobies popping out.
That's right.
He thought it was a very embarrassing.
See, this is what I'm telling you, man.
We're dealing with a group of people.
These people used to be concerned.
I keep proud to explain this to the audience.
And I know a lot of you get it, but some of you still haven't caught onto it yet.
These religious nuts, these right-wing extremists.
There is no more Republican Party.
It's been hijacked.
It's been taken over.
The party of even of Nixon and Eisenhower and any of those people.
And that's gone.
That's history.
Long gone.
Even a party of Bob Dole, which ain't that long ago.
That's gone.
Forget about that.
You're dealing now with a group who used to be considered the lunatic friend.
The fundamentalist, Bible thumping, Armageddon is coming.
The world is ending.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Everything is a sin.
And they control a country now.
And they want to be able to dictate to us like this Michael Powell crap.
What we can say on the year.
What you can listen to.
What you can watch.
They want to censor the freaking movies.
They want to censor the news.
They want to have over three or four of their crony companies.
By every goddamn media outlet in the country.
So they can censor and brainwash everybody with the same bull crap they've been doing the last three years.
And that's where we're at.
These aren't responsible reliable people that ought to be considered seriously.
Other than being dangerous.
That's why they're serious because they're so freaking dangerous.
Not to mention all of the people that are dying because of them.
Because of the Richard Pearls and David Thrums and Paul Wolfowitz is of this world.
Crazy people.
So just think about that.
We need to decide whether it's going to be worthwhile going out and voting this November or even registering in the first place.
I just mentioned that.
I mean, people that don't care.
They just, they don't care.
You can't force them to care.
Am I right?
I don't care.
Yeah, you do.
You only reason that is because you can't vote because you're in legal alien.
Right.
Well, I'm going to tell you one thing.
You're safe because Bush likes illegal aliens.
See, see, he doesn't realize that there are some of you who are subversive comedy pinko bastards like you.
Right.
Well, somebody in the audience is probably monitoring right now.
We'll inform them post-taste.
Probably you QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I go over the poll.
Okay.
I don't remember her name, but Venice.
She's not as Vanity Toy sorry those who she is.
She made a couple of cheesy P movies.
Vanity.
Are we talking about Vanity?
Vanity.
Her name is Vanity.
And what does she do?
She did a couple of cheap movies and she's saying for five minutes.
And she's high?
Yeah.
Okay, we got him on.
Wait, wait, one more thing.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, how are you David?
It's impendent.
Okay.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
My name is Alyonaiosis and I haveрахnoresc double or something.
Hmm?
But I'm 10 and I have actually had three friends on duty.
I was saying only moments ago it seems to me for us about Dalam at first and about what a great job they do for you.
Not just one or two days of a year when I have a special sale but every day 365 days a year they give you a rock bottom on beatable prices on the entire line of a brand new
silly parts your pedics which of course everybody knows is world famous for comfort and durability.
They be the best.
And of course when you call Dalam at first they deliver when you want them to any to our window that's convenient for you
any day seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 a.m. so in other words if you want them they're between noon and two if that's convenient for you they'll be there.
One in three two forty five to four forty five etcetera.
And of course you know that C. Lee's new line of pocket pedics are so easy because you never have to flip them or rotate them just have them set it up for you.
I'll enjoy years and years of comfort.
These C. Lee beds are constructed to provide optimal comfort on the sleeping service and they will last you for years.
So call one eight hundred mattress right now the people you talk to know they're crap inside and out in the hookup with exactly the kind of mattress you're looking for.
With low prices same day delivery free set up and mobile it's easy to see why Dalam mattress is ranked number one numero uno in customer satisfaction.
So enjoy great nights late tonight with a new silly posture painted from Dalam mattress like I've been doing in Georgia and Volca Brian and Miguel and Fat Boy and all these other losers too.
Call one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred M. A. T. R. S. for all didn't get his by the way to late one eight hundred M. A. T. R. S.
Or online check them out at mattress dot com.
My.
This is for 20 or five six.
She said the screen on fire in basic instinct then you saw her in sliver after that it was intersection followed by the quick and the dead.
But let's face it the only decent movie she's ever done was basic instinct so now Sharon Stone gives movie goers exactly what they want and that's more of what made her a household name Sharon Stone stars in crotch.
We all know she can't act but it doesn't matter in crotch to solid hours of Sharon Stone crossing and uncrossing her legs.
The New York Times says this film will give Sharon Stone a leg up on the competition.
Syskola and Ebert give it to thumbs up and Rex Reed says it would have been better with Brad Pitt Sharon Stone brings her one true talent back to the screen in crotch now showing.
So Sharon Stone's boobies tomorrow on our website right.
Yeah I'm going through some pictures now.
You got a whole bunch of pictures a couple also anyway did you look up sir Sir Savannah Samson no I it's poor it must be it is it is.
It's important I told her that as soon as I saw the name and she can't be on our list but from the chin down man she is you'll be very impressed.
If it's who I think it is yeah big boobs but she's got a schnauz problem right well she's got to know so therefore.
Okay now I think you'd be interested in perusing it for moment or two but nevertheless I just mentioned that in passing Savannah Samson.
She's got her own website Savannah Samson it's with an H.
I heard a mask of that.
Without a T. Savannah Samson is a MSO-1 dot com.
We don't want you to look at no porno sites though especially little kids out there unless you feel like it.
Okay here's a fact that's got some pretty good information.
Thank you David it says feeding the beast is going to be repeated Thursday meaning tomorrow at 9 p.m.
and admitted that on trio 9 p.m. and midnight I don't I don't get trio it's on digital cable on Comcast or what can I tell you they might have to take it off to save some money so they can up the deal the Disney as well as satellite their website
treotv.com as tips of the program a great TV moment two Fridays ago on McLaughlin Pat you can almost got slugged by Tony Blankley when Pat slammed what you Neo cons are pulling on American public fat Tony is getting triple team now all the time by Pat John McLaughlin
and the Eleanor Clift. Oh great. It makes me want to get up early Sunday morning and find their work and find that which I'm sure it's on probably MSNBC.
Barbara Carrera aka Fatima blush in the James Bond movie never say never again.
She was also in the original island of dr. Moro with Michael York.
We got a run there Barbara Carrera we do know. Okay see.
Don't forget the Q.M. van right now is waiting for you. I bet you Miguel is just mob with people.
Want the register for a pair of tickets to see the Marlins opening day game against the Montreal Spos it's a Scott out there.
Oh like I said Scott is out there so four warned is for armed.
Now what did we just phone out at the last minute Scott from now to a clock is at the shell station with the Q.M. van look for it.
He'll give you a few last look at him and you'll chuckle and you say oh no I know what they were talking about he's a little off.
Just a white divide 95 I'm sure in the street at the shell station you can register and win like I said a pair tickets in the audio.
So there you go Scott is out there what's the good way to get him out of the building. It's probably the idea.
WQ.M. Hello.
Neil yes sir. What's up buddy. How you doing?
Hey yesterday I had to go file for homestead and so I registered to vote at the same time so I will be voting for whoever's running against Bush.
Excellent there's another one.
Hey on your website is there like one or two articles that you would point at and say this is what you want to show people that's filthing bushes on on a sky and doesn't lie about the whole war thing.
No there's not one or two there probably every day there are like eight or ten of them on there so you can even cruise through them and print out at every one.
Yeah I got it every day.
I got to turn my mom because she wants to vote for Bush again.
Well anyway lock her up on election day man.
Hey anyway man this actin's diet thing it's a lot of control now on Saturday night live they had drew very more doing their opening monologue she hosts the show.
Yeah they brought out a little midget and ET costume and she talked on whatever and at the end she said oh after the show I'll get you some Reese's pieces and he goes oh no thanks I'm on actin.
It's everywhere, everywhere Neil.
It is it's like a disease.
More famous now than when you're alive just like I'll be there.
See I fall down it's not always a bad thing thanks a lot of family.
Take it easy.
When you have a slip and fall sometimes I mean sometimes you can sue somebody for it but then if you die it's not always the best but look how famous he is now.
Right so maybe it was worth he's bigger than life itself well that's what those opponents oh and so anyway that group that pet the pet of people.
Yes those pet of the other group.
Positions for fake responsibility.
So they hate her.
Come to find out there about your real assholes with a long track record of being outrageous and they're just assholes.
Just like the pet of people that's what I have to embed with them.
Heather Locklear how can we leave her off of there right out of sight out of mind.
And who was it who was on not landing?
You got to tell me Nicholas I was there.
Oh come Nicholas.
Let's share it.
Why do you say that you live close to Sheridan Street right and I'm always telling you about the beautiful Sheridan on passions.
Oh I wish I knew what her name was I put her on there.
Nobody would vote for her because they don't know what the actress's name is.
Oh man she is I don't care what you say if I were of that persuasion I would track her down and I'd fend off both Louise and what I'd say.
What did I say and and Thonio what did you say?
I didn't say nothing.
Oh anyway Nicholas Sheridan who was who was or maybe is married to Harry.
Who?
Harry Hamlin.
Harry Hamlin.
Well I always thought was well that's because he was in that movie.
Right.
What was that movie making love?
Making love.
On to clean.
With Michael on to clean and what's your name from Charlie's Angels?
Kate Jackson.
Kate Jackson.
Oh you saw that movie?
No.
Well that's right it's a bag movie would be throughout watching that.
I'm sorry.
It's all the commercials for it.
We would like the talented Mr Ripley and Spire I'll bring it back.
I'm going to bring it in and I'll loan it to you.
It'll be then we'll be even for South Park the movie.
5670560.
Count 568.
AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WDQ Ann.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey what about Goli?
Goli Han.
Okay we're talking about Steve Goldstein.
No.
Okay you got him.
How about going that's enough.
One.
Uno.
No mouse.
And beautiful thing we've been able to keep them all to one.
Even the faxes were the head more than one.
We uh...
And if they're right in the pudd man before they got out of control.
Oh look at the women.
Is that in here just a man looking for something?
Oh I don't have it.
Where's the moment he's counting.
I touched your gut.
Oh I think that might just be on a cart.
Is that in?
Neil Rogers.
Goood.
George Rodriguez.
No good.
Hey guys.
Vegas is my kind of town.
Tremendous.
Wow.
Oh yeah.
That feels great.
The Anxious Scotty Mac.
I'll never forget that performance by him and his buddies on a plane.
It's on a cart.
One of those threads.
Oh yeah.
Oh it sounds really good.
Ah, Bajo de la Yuvia.
Ooh, let me say about the name.
One of those.
Yes.
Trace.
Get him out of here.
Kill him.
The story.
The contando.
Most Americans...
When you get out of here kill him.
Most Americans believe some of the best known Bible stories are literally true.
This is so depressing to me.
I want to jump out my window.
At the same time of ask majority rejects the biblical suggestion that Jews bear collective
responsibility for the death of Jesus.
Oi!
Six and ten in this ABC News primetime poll say the political is the primetime poll kind
of like Dion's primetime tour?
Something like that.
Oh I don't want to see him no more.
I don't want to see Dion Sanders never again.
Go away boy.
Sure.
I didn't see him and said boy that was bad.
Six and ten.
Hello.
Six and ten say the biblical accounts of Moses parting the red sea, God creating the world
in six days, and Noah and the flood happened that way word for word.
I want to say I want to read that again.
This is from the word I get this from.
What the somewhere.
Something we got on our website today.
I saw this and I just about flipped.
Six and ten in this ABC News primetime poll say the biblical accounts of Moses parting
the red sea, God creating the world in six days, and Noah and the flood happened just
that way word for word.
Evangelical Protestants are even more apt to hold this view about nine and ten of them
take these accounts literally.
All I can say to that is.
Oh my God.
Right.
But fewer than one in ten Americans say all Jews today are responsible for the death of
Jesus as some literal interpretation of the Bible suggests eight intents they otherwise
apparently adopting a looser interpretation of the biblical quote his blood be on us and
on our children, Matthew 27, 25.
Pike.
The debate over the role of Jews and the death of Jesus has been rekindled by the obnoxious
Mel Gibson and I filmed the Passion of Christ in which Gibson discusses an exclusive
interview in the ABC News program primetime Monday, February 16th, which was a two days ago
at 10 p.m.
Honestly, it isn't the reason nobody is called to say that they've seen it.
It's not released till February 25.
Well, and how come all these people are talking about this?
So I sneak preview or maybe divergent Mary came to their house.
We still don't have anybody faxing about that story that you keep telling me about in
Hollywood.
No, wait for that about them getch keys there.
Now we got Jewish getch keys that are trying to do like services in Hollywood and they're
going to put for Rosa what's your name out of business?
They got a tent temple going on.
A tent temple and the per things are getting pretty tense in Hollywood.
Too many getch keys running around Piddler and religious all these wild things happening.
It was the Virgin Mary keeps, huh?
It was a pretty tent.
And wait a minute.
We forgot last Friday.
Man, last Friday was the 13th and Rosa Lopez was doing a last.
You're right.
Right.
I mentioned a virgin Mary stopped by for pizza and wine.
At the center of the debate is the verse in Matthew in which Jewish elders surrendered
Jesus to the Roman governor, Pontius's pilot and demanded it be executed.
When pilots as he does mount Christ's blood on his hands, the crowd responds, his blood
be on us and our children.
A scene based on this extension is removed from the film after complaints from Jewish groups,
but some critics still content that gives it unfairly portrays Jews and their role in
the death of Jesus.
So in an interview last night he said, they're revolting in high and Haiti.
Yes.
So what he did is he didn't take the line out.
He just didn't subtitle it.
So Jesus still says it in Aranayyik, but the audience doesn't get the translation.
I see or the crowd still says it, but we don't know what it's up to.
Okay, don't forget we hate to do this.
Coming with the interview from Ward 25.
My name is Luke.
We are sports radio five six East.
You are.
You are.
You're going back to Canada.
You do bastard.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to wear a coat I won't.
You think I'm going to wear a coat I won't.
You think I'm going to wear a coat I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to jack some dude I won't.
You think I'm going to wear a coat I won't even want to jack some.
But bro, don't have to think it too hot.
It's just so hot that bro, don't have to think.
It's just so hot that bro, don't have to think.
it's fucking hot that bro, doesn't have to think it too hot.
Your pulse sucks because all that has is skinny white corals. Oh, yeah, like Beyonce
Yeah, then how the invincible right skinny white girls like Merle and Monroe shoes pretty skinny at any rate
I will put jail on pretty one more Chris well
We got to put some on there for our whole deal people out there
I'll Chris probably in one of them because they like big ass rectum. That's what it is. They don't care
What's the answer with it's like the size queens? Yeah, the John Holmes people. Oh my god
Do you see the size of that yet? I ran like hell
Don Hanley's got a great comments on our website, but I'm gonna read it. Well, you like it or not
I like killing the music you don't even like Don Hanley do you yes? I do what would you say that don't you love the Eagles?
Yes, well, you said something terrible about Don Hanley this morning before the show you said to that asshole
What do you ever do to you? I'm sure you're deleted. No, I'm not
You said something horrendous about Don Hanley. He got sued for ripping himself off
But that blue to Chris is was by take on no you said how how do you like that? I
Said I like it. Okay, anyway, this article killing the music
He says when I started the music business music was important and vital to our culture artists connected with their fans record label
Sign cutting-edge artists and FM radio offered an incredible variety of music music touch fans in a unique and personal way our
Culture was enriched and the music business was healthy and strong. That's all changed
Today the music business is in crisis sales of decreased between 20 and 30 percent
About 30 man over the past three years record labels are suing children for using unauthorized peer-to-peer file sharing systems
Only a few artists ever hear their music on the radio yet radio networks are battling Congress over ownership restrictions
Independent music stores are closing at an unprecedented pace and the artists seem to be at odds with just about everyone even the fans
Contrary to conventional wisdom the root problem is not the artist of fans reading the new internet technology
The problem is the music industry itself. It's systemic the industry which was once composed of hundreds of big and small record labels
Is now controlled by just a handful of unregulated multinational corporations determined to continue their mad rush toward further
Consolidation and merger Sony and VMG announced their agreement to merge in November and EMI and time Warner may not be far behind
The industry may soon be dominated by only three multinational corporations
The executives who run these corporations believe that music is solely a commodity
Unlike their predecessors, they feel to recognize that music is as much of vital art form and social barometer as it is a way to make a profit
At one time artists actually developed meaningful even if strain relationships with their record labels
This was possible because labels were relatively small and accessible and they had an incentive to join with the artist and marketing their music
Today such a relationship is practically impossible for most artists
Labels no longer take risks by signing unique and important new artists
Or they become partners with artists in the creation and promotion of the music after the music is created the artist connection
Whether it is minimized and in some instances is not existent in their world music is generic a major record label
Present confirmed this recently when he referred to artists as content providers
What a major label signed Johnny Cash today. I doubt it. Especially with that ring of fire in his ass
Radio stations used to be local and diverse DJs program their own shows and developed post relationships with
Artists today radio stations are centrally programmed by their corporate owners and airplay is essentially bought rather than earned the
Flood gates have opened for corporations to buy an almost unlimited number of radio stations as well as concert venues and agencies
You think he had anybody in mind?
The delicate balance between artists and radio networks has been dramatically altered networks can now and often do
Is there an unprecedented pressure on artists?
Whatever connection the artists had with their music on the airwaves is almost totally gone
Music stores used to be magical places offering wide variety today the three largest music retailers are best by Wal-Mart and Target
In those store shelf spaces limited making it harder for new artists to emerge even established artists are troubled
Why store is using music as a lost leader smaller more personalized record stores are closing all over the country
Some because of rampant p2p policy, but many others because of competition from department stores that traditionally have milk connection
Whatever were the artists
Piracy is perhaps the most emotionally gut-wrenching problem facing artists artists like the idea of a new and better business model for the industry
But they can't accept a business model that uses their music without authority or compensation
Suing kids is not what artists want, but many of them feel betrayed by fans who claim to love the artists but still want their music free
The music industry must also take a larger model blame for this piracy not one to the music industry not address the issue sooner
And provided a p2p users with a convenient scape code
Many kids rationalized their p2p habit by pointing out that only record labels are hurt that the labels don't pay the artists anyway
This is clearly wrong because artists are at the bottom of the food chain
They're the ones hit hardest when sales take on a nose dive and when the labels cut back on promotion on signing the artist and keeping artists with potential
Artists are clearly affected yet because many perceive the music business is being dominated by rich-molding national corporations
The pain felt by the artist has no public face
Artists are finally realizing their predicament is no different from that of any other group with common economic and political interest
They can no longer just hope for change. They must fight for it
Washington is where artists must go to plead their case and find answers
So whether they're fighting against median radio consolidation
Fighting for fair recording contracts and corporate responsibility or demanding that labels pre-artists as partners and out as employees
The core message is the same
The artist must be allowed to join with the labels and must be treated in a fair respectful manner
If the labels are willing to voluntarily implement these changes then the artists will have no choice
But to seek legislative and judicial solutions simply put artists must regain control as much as possible over their music right scorn
Henley
And isn't that great that we have not just in the music business
But as he points out in the radio business and in the television business and in the newspaper business
And just about every other goddamn business including the retail business more and more individual small people are going out of business
So that we have just the small handful of corporations that have gobbled up the whole goddamn world like Walmart, which he mentioned
That makes us sick to our stomach
Now speaking of radio people you'll be pleased when you hear this a
proposed ban on committing suicide as a form of public entertainment was approved yesterday
But
Sorry, were you ever that sorry? Yeah, I do by ascending committee in Tallahassee
A response to the hardcore rock band hell on earth which tried last year to feature a live suicide during your concert
Well, it's a look for what I was going to do during the next vacation
dammit
The Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously approved the bill sponsored by Senator Les Miller, democratic Tampa
It still needs approval from the criminal justice committee before it can come up for a vote by the full Senate
Hell on earth never delivered on a promise to feature a suicide as a statement in support of euthanasia at a October 4th show
The publicity preceding the event prompted the same Petersburg City Council to pass an emergency order for bidding the act
The Nullest County Commission is one step further voting to ban public suicide as well as the promotion of public suicide for commercial
Rendon payment purposes
The bill would prohibit anyone from advertising performing or selling tickets to a show featuring self-murder
A term for suicide that already is defined in the Florida statutes self-murder can't do it
Miller makes an exception for acts of simulated self-murder such
Well, thank god for that, but that means no more TV and no more movies
He makes an exception for acts of simulated self murder such as in plays or movies as long as the audience is informed that no actual suicide is planned
Finally, it isn't the guilty of a third degree felony punishable about to five years in prison and five thousand out of five
So if somebody blows their brains out in a movie they got to have a
Come on. Oh, this is just a not for real
Right right. It's where they're going straight. We're just flooded. You were just funding you
How's that pull coming?
We have what who is the hottest female celebrity of all time even the old timers and he is of all time
Even Eve could be on there, right?
Right five hundred and sixty five vote
Maryland Monroe seventy six Britney Spears. I voted for her fifty five. I'm proud to say I voted for Britney
Rackl welches them right up on Britney's ass and who wouldn't want to see that?
Sophia Loren is doing well forty four. Howlays varies twenty eight
Charlie's they're on twenty five can be sitting your twenty two Jane five eighteen you can see Jane
On natural on our website today read a hit worth eighteen both Derek sixteen
I wonder she's can do a Todd direct direct both D.l.
Both D.l. Oh man. I'm so glad you saw a couple of minutes of that yesterday
This is the kind of garbage that the TV people are putting over on the public assholes like him
Retired right wing obnoxious gun totem violence promoting the actual
X-cop
With that stereo typical New York. I mean just just everything that is violent vulgar that came out of these septic tanks out of the
Sores of New York that's bullied D.l. Although he is the fifth needle
My life and love
Up the bike Nicken Jessica with us. Yeah. Yeah. Let's let's the trick to achieving longevity and that's what I think about often
Completely madly abused drugs. Yeah party. Let's take some calls Johnson City Tennessee is on with us
You've got Nicken Jessica go ahead. Hi Ryan. This is Andrea. Oh hi Andrea
Jessica, is it true you don't drink milk because you can't fit your head in the carton? Yeah. Yeah, yeah
Well, is it also true that you hire the private detective to find out if you're related to a homer and art Simpson? Yes
I don't know what I'm gonna do other. She's out of control
Along the so high oh you're on. Yeah, I can see advertising from the internet about it. Nicken Jessica sex tape
Is that really you guys? Definitely. Yeah, well we have a clip
Take a look at uh Nicken Jessica. Nicken. Yeah
Wow, where can I get a copy of that in store? You get it now? Yeah, okay, and no regrets and deciding to do this
Oh, no, we're so happy. We did it. We are so happy. We get off on stuff like that. Mm-hmm. Very gratifying for us. So
Well said
So let me ask you what about Nick. I mean, what about Jessica Simpson?
If you want you want to put her on her you met her you start right across the table from her there
Yeah, but her boobs were so big you were sniffing at seat when she left and that when I was down
You were still sniffing it. I wouldn't wait till she left. That's probably because Josh Friedman just saying it. Oh
man
Talk about a so what were you saying does she qualify to be on the floor? She's got big
Boobies hair. She's a big boob. Jessica Simpson. She's a hot blonde or something would think she's a blonde
That says from Diamond Gym the hottest ever angry Bergman
She had big hands
Right
I'm done. I mean they burned her at the stake was that because they were anti-Semitic
Yes, you know, no hard
You know to hark and Johnny dark ever seen together same person both later. Tom says a bond girl pussy galore should be on that list
But we don't know her real name exactly
Also, Tom says the passion of the Christ comes out on the 25th of this month and I just get to say that that's okay time
One little I've seen about the acting is top notch well, I mean
I'm gonna say a word you people go and watch the the passion of Christ and all that other stuff
Okay, and have a good time you fairy tale people out there you silly silly people
See, I've always said there's nothing like
2,000 years later
Uh, making up a bunch of crap. Oh, this is what they look like and this is how it happened
And this is the stories that's told in the Bible and much of people wrote 90 years after he allegedly died
Yes, that's why I'm not gonna go see it. Why do I need to see another Jesus commercial right?
Oh
You've turned
The power of Christ
Call father Mary and get him in on this
He was good, but that was his name. We've been through this a million times. I don't know. Lee Jay Cobb
No, Lee Jay Cobb was the a cop. Oh
Max looks like side out very good. See if I give you two seconds
You came up with it. He's a great. It was is he did it alive. I think Max is still kicking or Max on side as a great actor
He was a lot but but the other priest did die
That was his name father Miran father uh, uh, uh, no, he's a carous. Yeah, I was careless
Father carous died. Whatever his name was the meat-reous
Forrest what a shame
I think I'm losing my faith
Group plots judge to order upgrades to electronic voting machines
Two weeks before California's presidential primary of group alleging widespread security holes in electronic voting machines
As the judge yesterday to make counties install new safeguards
Citizens from four counties requested a temporary restraining order in Sacramento County Superior Court
They asked that up to 18 counties use the machines made by Ohio based die-bold election systems. Oh, no
Did you hear that name made by
Ohio based die-bold election systems had more safeguards to protect them against hackers
Court official scheduled a hearing it's going on today's matter effect on that issue and in accompanying lawsuits
Taking the stuff to the stated die-bold from using insecure voting machines
California counties are using three versions of die-bold systems to register votes and using the company's software to tell you them
The new legal challenge comes as 10 counties are blocking at secretary state Kevin Shelley's directive to conduct random testing
Another measure to guarantee the voting machines accuracy in the north to primary
So not only do we have to fend off the lunatics the right wing extremist the uh the Jesus Christ is
But we also have to fend off the die-bold people and the bush lickers
We want to fix every goddamn election the way that they want to come out
You know how many votes I think Arnold really got for governor
But the fix was in and now he's just smoking up a storm to top it all off
But you don't mess with the terminator right right?
California
I'll pay you one braver not putting on airs. It was his wife. Oh
My god, whoever said she was hot including you hear plays a mean chin ball about it. In fact, she lost her chin on that thing
On a thing on that thing Maria five six seven oh five system in fact
Why I see Maria gives me diarrhea anyway?
Guess who's gonna be out of one o'clock? Oh, there's the uh the college or kicker the lady
I was at her head as she was trying to kill right and she just uh nothing could be finer than the rape old minor
physical hell
That the shattered her I think they had a disband the whole University of Colorado
Not just the football team or the sports program just the whole university there were disgraceing mate
And I don't know that sentence has ever been said. I was raped by a teammate
You can't spell scum without oh, that's right you am
56705 60 pound five sixty one. How are Dino one o'clock? He's gonna be saying and I you know he's gonna be saying and I hope he does it with class
Bye bye bye right
Don't you think you know he'll he'll go out because he's had plenty of time to
Confer with all his advisors the ones who are left and you know
And do a little bit of class and pronatio as opposed to it because he always lately seems like he's pissed off at everybody
All some blame and this one and that one
Bye bye
A little bit of class will be good for a change
W.A. and hello
Yeah, I want to see if you can put Angela and Jolie on the list. I thought she's on her isn't she? I thought she's on there
She's on it. Let me take a peek one moment please
Uh
You see it George
It's there it's there. Okay Josh says it there must be thanks, Kelly. All right. Thanks
How many votes is she got I mean if you see it
What we're looking at he said it's there
But I don't see it. Are we looking for Angelina Jolie
There she is one vote
Well now she'll have two okay because he's gonna race to his computer and tap on it and vote for her too
Nothing wrong with Angelina
Oh she ain't no James Seymour though
No de qm. Hello. Hey, is this Neil sounds like me. Yes. Hey Neil. I know you don't like this girl
I don't think you like I'm not sure but Nancy Grace I love her
As what a bitch loves her I put Nancy Grace from court TV and all the talking head shows on this pool
Nancy Grace never gets near my pool. I'll tell you that right now when we do the most of not
Just bitch in the world. Oh, yeah, she'll be right here's the top of my list. I just advise that bitch did
Yeah, he's doing that to piss me off. Okay. Yeah, I affected phony ass bitch
sneer and ass bitch. She wants to be the hangin judge
See you next time Nancy. I'm gonna play that just an honor her next next great. I am fancy grace wow
Nobody qm. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
You guys are forget one of the hottest dates out there. Well industry. Yeah
It's gotta be Selma Hayek
Yeah, she's I was well for a response from Georgia. Oh, she's fine. She's okay. She's never gonna pray train. Oh, good
She could steal my brain train. Okay, she'll hop right on her for you. Oh, please
Okay, see
Selma Hayek since you have that channel she's you know beautiful
You just tell you never did it for me beater
Never done her in Selma
No, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon. Yeah, all we got is a bunch of skinny white chicks like Beyoncé
Right, let's put some brown beater's on there like Selma
Uh-huh
How about what's her name that's got the big fat ass? Tell you Chris. Oh, no, I can't believe you did that
That's exactly who I was gonna say. Oh
No, this is horrendous. I am Celia
I thought I was gonna pull one over on you see that cruise you can't nobody looks like that
WQA at least no women anyway Q.I.M. Hello
Neil yes, sir
Uh, only for moldy I don't think a lot of people are members. Richard. Oh
Bridget oh sure they do Bridget. If I know are you shmitting me? Yeah, she's still
I thought she's not on the list. Yeah
You see a regional six killed
Thanks a lot pal. Oh, what do you mean she's old? We got plenty of old people on here for quite a Maryland
Maryland my rose not only old but moldy
Oldie moldy and she's she's winning. She's got 78 Britney Spears is on Maryland's ass 60
Rack Hill welts 55 and how about Rack Hill well she and his oldest Bridget Vardo sure just out of
Feel a rain with 49 votes. You'll notice that most of the top four
Three of them are oldie moldy's okay? Merleman row Rack Hill welts and Cepheal are in it's just because they aren't
You know the hottest thing going right now. That's not the purpose of our poll
Right see I hate once is to add Diane Lane
Diane Lane
How about my train lane?
How about Bobby Lane and Lois Lane? Okay, Diane Lane you got it Hank. I don't think like you read through a franken
But I guess she doesn't fit for this list
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line QAM hello
Yeah W I O D W Q AM. Oh, I'm sorry
Right yeah, I'm sure Russia's waiting breathlessly to hear your call pali got any good crap
Yeah, Russia wants to hear from you right away. Here's Wilma's number
WQM line 9
Hey Neil yes, sir
Remember the bird had that shrine of that shaku who was that?
That was Phoebe Kates. Oh, that's right. Right. Yeah, the nice turkey one
He used to say V Gates are like Phoebe Kates and she belongs under she's cute
Yeah, I like her. Okay, you got him, man
In fact, I hang it out with Phoebe Kates would be paradise. That's what will he answer?
In fact, what did she do? But you got those pictures there even get those pictures from the paradise? Yes, I do
Nick it is in J-Brude although now was it her now wasn't her it was a Brook Shields in the other movie was the other movie
But the other one right with Chris Adams who used the body double
Merp Merp Merp Merp Merp and you can try to make Chris sit on his lap when he was on the show and anyway
Brook Shields use the body double in the new DC
But Phoebe Kates man she bears go get on you go girl. We love this one Phoebe
He liked emboison glitch and the girls too
I owe my favorite Republican. This is not drawn at its time for the
Scuse maploding
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two
This is the Ellen guy anger Anderson when someone pisses me off. I call him a tool or a rod
Well, a rod is pissing me off a rod is Alex Rodrigas
Am I supposed to roll and are there oh well what the fuck
a rod is a rod I'm a jealous bro little man with no dreams left believe me people as a kid
I didn't dream of being an errand boy
A rod is 25 I'm 25 he's making
$252 million dollars your radio did not
252 million what are you making brother with that coin you could buy a
112 million stadium hot dogs 13 million game tickets
Me a rod could buy this radio station the Minnesota twins and the Montreal Expo
He's making a 129,629 dollars per game to spend his cash
He'd have to spend 12,877 dollars per hour nonstop for 10
Years
Hey rod
You if you make more than me I'm jealous. I don't want anyone to win but me
You a rod son of a bitch
Sock
And I'll move the Yankees out of the right one
101 at 560 W. Cume see out the things the more they change where they stay the same rest something like that somebody wants to buy your example
Yes, for example the facts you just sent me about David Hasselop
Then we had a hand of Berlin wall falling we had on our website two weeks ago. Oh well
But if anybody missed it David Hasselop was a real asshole has complained to museum curators after finding his photo
Absent in a collection of memorabilia about the fall of the Berlin wall
The actor and producer who says he's working on a film version of the tv series Night Rider or is that nightritter
claims he's partly responsible for the fall of a concrete divide
Speaking to German magazine tv spielfilm
Hasselop said in 1989 the year the wall fell he had helped reunite the country by singing his song
Looking for freedom among millions of German fans at the
Brandon Burgate and Berlin well, which it said of a card after my appearance
I hacked away at pieces of the wall that had the black red and yellow colors of the German flag on it
I kept the big piece for myself and gave the smaller pieces to colleagues at baywatch
Yada yada yada
Wow, so that I funn at a bit sad there's no photo of me hanging on the walls at the Berlin music museum at checkpoint Charlie
He said he doesn't mind that americans make fun of his popularity in Germany
He says he feels it's his second homeland many americans joke about my popularity in Germany
But they have no idea how beautiful Europe is oh yes
I do and you're not and how rich it is in culture and fun and warmth in children in Germany children are probably thousands of flowers and I guess what David
That's because they don't know any better and they probably have no idea who you are
Although baywatch is the most to watch show in the world you do know that yeah
Well, yeah, and he was out at about a hundred years ago and he still was a piece of crap even back then
So speaking of a good friend Pamela Lee was on there with her
Even back then they were fake so speaking of the website. Yes. I know that you think that this just to the Janet thing is all over with
But you should buy check the your website
The homepage the homepage the front page of the page
I can do that while I'm waiting for Howard Deen to speak
Howard Deen's dropping out
Have some more candy crawling
I put a
For the last time at least as a panic for a president united states
No
Oh, that's a must Justin Tinkerbell bears it for the world
We moving on that Janet ain't got nothing on him
Hi
That is a beautiful thing where do we get that one of our wonderful listeners?
Thank you less. There's that keeps telling us this stuff keep the good stuff coming man
We love it our creative people out there who too bad they're not making millions by doing this stuff, but we appreciate it
It's too bad nobody's making no money
Like
Or your friend
That's the one
What a screamer
She mentioned energy obviously you can see in here at quarters of Howard Deen and now taking to the mic getting ready to possibly
Interduce you notice they do this thing on all these talking had never stepped when somebody's gonna speak
Even if it's like their wife that's introducing a no matter who it is that's doing the introduction
Unless it's somebody very very famous. They always like a babble over you know
They they pop down the audio and they like
Just keep babbling over it like as if they're desperate to like so you don't hear what's going on the background because they might make him famous
Somebody nobody cares about them anyway right well
Let's talk about it and look at us and other interviewing this talking head expert is Farther on air who's supposedly an expert on his
Ba ba ba ba ba lot of support kid is on her with his mom and son in the sunshine
Time Carlos Watson. He probably just came in the illegal through other Mexico border period of time
So dramatically changed the presidential race back to when Eisenhower upset
Senator Bob Tath about how you know what that was?
1952 that's 50 two years ago you idiot is not only having set the tone
It's a much more aggressive democratic party today, but in many ways he said if okay anywhere while they're babbling
I don't I can't wait for these talking heads. We'll get them on
Let's see Sid says I discovered this chick whose name is Katie Price but goes by the name of Jordan
She's a British celebrity
Be surprised to see him in the photo show any I have a screen speech you can briefly
um
As she is in their I'm a celebrity giving out of this
category whatever
So as we're gonna put around it says nobody's gonna know not I'm gonna lie. I'll put around there for say Katie price
What the hell right okay price is right then cost us nothing Katie price is right
jury can fix Arizona bishop and hit and run jury can fix
Bishop Thomas O'Brien of leading the scene of a fatal accident. He thought he just hit a rock a stone a brick something
He thought he found a brick
uh
Bishop Thomas O'Brien was convicted of hitting run yesterday for leaving the scene of a j after killing a j walker with this car
A crash that ended his career as the head of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese
O'Brien is believed to be the first Roman Catholic bishop in the US history to be convicted of a felony so far
The 68-year-old bishop who said he thought he hit a dog or was struck by a rock could be sent anywhere from
probation to three and three quarters years in prison on the charge
I'm gonna talk about it on a charge of leaving the scene of a fatal accident
I'm gagging on it O'Brien who appeared in court each day wearing his clerical attire showed no emotion after the verdict was read
He and his attorney left the courtroom without comment
It's a very sad day said once in your dayal fushak the diocese co-vicar general and a friend of a bride a co-vicar general
You ready for that? Oh, don't you love the bureaucracy of the Catholic Church the hierarchy. Oh, yeah
And of course the higher up you are in the hierarchy the lower you have to heart your back
When you like to alter boys and the more the more schmattas you get to where you have the big the big miter there at all
Oh my god. It's great all the robes and the chakis it's fabulous. Now it make me want to go out and mark that no Gibson movie
Braveheart
It's the kind of situation where nobody wins said the
Man's senior fushak we respect the work that you read didn't now. We must pray that everyone heals. Oh, yeah
Some members of the victimist family and the bishop's family cried after the verdict
O'Brien sister Jean Deering said that she was devastated by the bird
He's innocent and God knows that she said Jim reads family said the decision was just the verdict with just what we wanted said
Flora Mendoza who had two sons with the victim
Well, there you go. He just he just thought he hit a dog and by the way if he hit a dog how come he didn't stop for that
That's also against the law pops
Do you know that?
Hit the dog hitting a dog and out stopping the dog
It is against the law good somebody better tell Jason Williams about it
If that dog in case you missed that Jason Williams trial they did find out the dog could commit suicide
No, he did it first and then the limo driver but I a shotgun
I've completed suicide. Well, they felt a note. It's suicide note in the case of the dog
You know why the documented suicide because the dog was the one who wiped the fingerprints off of the rifle the shotgun right
And then he felt such remorse for doing it and they bitched him out and so he just
Love just picked up that baby and just sat on it and who was
I saw kill himself during the next break. Yes, you might wonder
I think the color picture of Sharon Stodas better even though oh wait, man. Here's Howard D
No, here's the Dean my wife. Where is he?
He won two he could do what I shut this far. It's a rough on there man
We got Howard the Dean myster is gonna drop out. He got a lot of people all excited and yet he screamed a little bit
But here you were fun raising
Thank you
Oh right
Oh right
Oh right
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you my goodness
Thank you very much
I'm going to go to the call by the way it's the anti-quase notice I appreciate that very much and my thanks to an awful lot of people but my
Particularly thanks to Vermont. I started this two years ago
And I see governor Cunodas here in the crowd so I'm going to tell a story that she's going to appreciate in particular
But all of you will because it's a local story. The first thing I ever did is I went down a way chamber of commerce meeting in
Of course, if you have sure I was invited down
So I went down with a few brochures in my back pocket and
I got down there and gave a speech and then they asked questions as they do it wrote reasons a lot like
Go in a rotary or chamber here and at the last question
What somebody you got up and said this they said well governor
You have a great business climate in Vermont. It's just terrific and the one here in New Hampshire stinks
Can you send your people down here to tell us what to do? I thought you'd like that
That's an inside joke for those of you who are from Vermont. We love to hear people talk about New Hampshire that way
Well, actually I did pretty well in New Hampshire
We did have a we had a
Have had a real record of achievement in this state creating jobs
providing health insurance investing in children balancing budgets
And I said when I left the governor's office that if the rest of this country were like Vermont
This country would be much better off
And what we set out to do was make the rest of the country more like Vermont
And so far we have succeeded but we have a long way to go
What we did show is that by standing up and telling the truth and not worrying about holes and focus groups
You could actually get support in this country from voters
We started the campaign office in Burlington. There are an awful lot of people and some of you should raise your hands
You'd drove up here unrequested unknowing showed up no salary finally we grew into you and we were able to pay you a little something
But we really appreciate people from all over the country particularly young people one quarter of all our people who gave us money
We're under 30 years old in this campaign. I had not seen that happen since I was under 30 years old. That was a long time ago
This has been a campaign that has been extraordinarily different the new approach
Planning seeds on the internet strengthening grassroots
face-to-face obtaining support from hundreds of thousands of small donors
all these steps
Can revitalize our democracy and return
powered to ordinary Americans
All of us have done these things together
We have exposed the dangerous radical nature of George W. Bush's agenda
We have demonstrated
to other
Democrats that it is a far better strategy to stand up against the right wing agenda of George W. Bush that it is to cooperate with it
Yeah
We have led this party back to considering what is heart and soul is although there is a lot of work left to do
I am very proud of all of you and very grateful to all of you for your extraordinary hard work
To the staff who have worked exceptionally hard very long hours worse than mine sometimes
For all of you who traveled around the country showed up at our office worked around the clock because they believe in what we're doing
Thousands of Americans who have given generosity of their time
In their states because they believed in our cause
I want to particularly thank all our congressional supporters
Many of whom signed on with us when we were an asterisk in the polls
The people that believed it was the right thing to do for their country
There are people in Washington who are going to do the right thing in this party stand up and be recognized
And stand up for what's right with America instead of being pulled being pulled driven and believe me
We are going to support those people in September
And in November
September if they have a primary and then in November
I want to thank the service employees
International and the painters is this a screen meeting or is it just my imagination
We've got to do the break okay he's dropping out one 15 if I killed some time we got to do the break where we got to get our
A spot sign look at those shared stone pictures to why exactly I got to check out this chair and stone pictures
I got to take a look again at Justin's tinker's bells like the color wouldn't better
Speaking of a tinkerbell last time you were fed it you thought boy this is a piece of crap
And we're not just talking about Justin either we're talking about your paycheck
If your paycheck is an embarrassment if you're working like crazy and not getting anywhere in life
Call fast train and start a brand new high-paying commuter computer career or commuter career
In just four-year or a month that's right fast-tracking up you get a new career in no time at all
And the demand for computer professionals continues to grow
So pick up that instrument and call fast train tool-free
That's all I'll take one quick call that could change your life call 1-866 fast train
And with seven locations in Florida fast trains by the have a campus nearby where you live
Fast train offers you job placement
Financial assistance for people to qualify and with day that a weekend classes
You have no excuses no more to stay in a crappy day to end job working for a pucks
If you register now you can have that new high-paying career by summer at the latest
Call fast train tool-free at 1-866 fast train
Or check them on that wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com
I don't know how long these things these five six years
The radio is over yours
Thank you, Ian
We take you now to the Playboy Mansion photography studio
Where survivor Jerry is preparing for her lay-a
Oh right Jerry well let's lose the top ski in 86 the granny panties
Where's my chocolate bar has anybody seen Kobe could be any colder in here
Right what what we're all set up for you now Jerry just uh uh get naked and we'll shoot away
What am I a slut? I just don't take my clothes off without getting some sort of part in a movie or something
Yeah I understand but this is a nude photo shoot and we're actually paying you
You know Kel did have beef jerking his back I didn't make that up
Uh okay Jerry here we go it's uh it's a whole outback motif
We're gonna have you pose with the jerbis here from survivor one
Jermis Jerry Jerry, jerbis
Let's see a thing sweet thing
I thought I was posing with clothing
Uh no too expensive we get jerbis here for like 10 bucks in a year subscription
You know I'm not really a bitch there's all in the ending
Yeah and I'm not a lazy idiot with kids all over the country
The tribe has spoken bitch let's see you monkey
119 at 560 WDQM how are Dean the dropout he's gonna stop active campaigning
He's gonna continue trying to change the democratic parties
Gonna support the candidate a partridge in pair three of three three and all these things
Okay
707 votes I think that's more than he got in the New Hampshire isn't it
Oh for a first
Let's see
Is that what he just said?
It's a pretty America for ordinary people again
There you go
Now he was he was fine in the beginning and then he had not just the I see people want to blame the medium that speech uh
That was that was a teeny tiny part of it
His performance in the debates was wofull and somewhere along the line he lost his way in Ormstein
Yep, who's on the yellow brick road to and just fine and then uh Timmy died
And then after that he just couldn't find his way himself
Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time?
Here's the uh double digit ones only
Marilyn Monroe 87
Britney Spears 68 I disagree heartily
Hardly
Wreck Hellwell 66 Ophelia Renn 56 Charlize Theron 31
Halley Berries God
Can Bayesyear 26 Catherine Zeta Jones 20
Rita Hayworth 19
She and Fonda who's on our website today naked 19
Bo Derek 17
Carmen Zellaker 15
Grace Kelly 14 Liz Taylor 14
Jennifer Conley 14
Hillary Dove 14 that's a rage
Barbara Eden 13
Shania Twain a dozen Alyssa Milano 12
Ferris Fosette's got 11
Natalie Wood 10 and El McPherson's got 10
Now what about uh what have to do uh Sharon Stone
What happened to Sharon Stone
She's not on the list I thought she was on the list
Oh boy I don't want to start ticket on Josh there but I could be wrong maybe I've just not seen it
Yeah you're not seeing it huh
You're just not doing one vote okay just calm down now mr. Smarty Pances he's got one vote
How could Sharon Stone have only one vote maybe they don't want to see Sharon Stone naked tomorrow I think
I
When I some a high x god six
Even ingrid Bergman's got five that was before they burned her at the stake after that she didn't look too good
One vote for poor Sharon Stone old and used and abused she no looks so bad even now right
WQA and hello
Yeah how about Ringo's wife Barbara Bach
Oh Barbara Barbara's box and Barbara Bach
Now what do you think you want to see the naked Sharon Stone pictures or not
Yeah why not
Sure why that excellent answer thank you why not price is right
I'm just thinking that she's doing so poorly on here. I mean Jennifer Connelly's got
14 and how these buries of course is god
Third man and who else did we have on her naked and Jane Fonda even has got 19 right right
You might even anybody out
Not that we've done so far what about Janet Jackson oh well we've done Janet Jackson but then again so is everybody else
Uh
Do you see her she on the list?
Janet Jackson I don't think she's on here. She does have a pair though. She's got two
She's got a pair we've seen one now let's see the other one you can see it on the irages.com
You can see her pair and Justin Tinkerbell's pair too. It's a it's a force him
now
El Presidente is a little bit unhappy
President Bush said today he was troubled by gay weddings in San Francisco and bilingual decisions in Massachusetts
That could clear the way for same sex marriage
But he declined to say whether he's any closer to backing a constitutional ban on such vows
I've watched carefully what's happening in San Francisco where licenses were being issued
Even though the law states otherwise Bush said I've consistently stated that I'll support the law to protect marriage between a man and a woman
Obviously these events are influencing my decision. I'm watching very carefully
But I am troubled what I've seen Bush said he's troubled by what he'd be seen
He didn't answer directly when asked whether he's any closer to endorsing a constitutional ban on same sex marriages
As conservative groups say the White House has assured them that Bush will do will he do it?
Pretty much your life he will you but your sweet ass
What a nice divisive hostile bigoted hateful thing that will be just in time for the election
Talk about wagging the dogs ass
Everybody QA him hello. Hey Neil how you doing pretty good?
How about in a corner kova?
Nobody maybe I was hoping we'd get till two o'clock nobody mentioned and then George would have been very upset
I thought I heard this morning, but oversight on our part. Thanks, Pally
All right, no
Anacorn, Haudia see I'm surprised you didn't say it. I wasn't gonna say it
I mentioned it this morning in my own head
I mean every time we've done these other pools that are similar to this one
You know she always winds up there and I figured sooner or later somebody would call and he did
She's got a big handicap to catch up right she will
She'll catch up with Marilyn Monroe and Britney Spears you say that anacorn, Haudia looks like Britney Spears that hot
No, that's not what I said. Oh my god if you stuck a an anal thermometer and go would even come close
Oh, she's close. She's hotter than Marilyn
Well, Marilyn's been dead for like uh 40 years at her peak
Now here's one that says it's not too late. It says it's probably too late. It's not too late
I think Kim Novak would be a good candidate for your Haudis Lais not too late. You got all the way till tomorrow morning
It's not like we got somebody who's so far ahead that they got like 200 votes yet
It's still a doable deed right you can still do the deed I bet you can Novak can still do the deed she still alive
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh please say she's still alive. I'm sure she's still alive huh I don't know Kim Novak
She was on with Larry King and I've had long ago. Uh-huh. It was either her or her body one of the other
There's a lot of sticks on here
WQM hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes sir
Um, do you know what about Kathleen Dener
Catherine Dener
She just turned 86 by the way
Ha ha ha ha
Okay, now the one joy lands okay
5 6 7 0 5
60
Count 5 60 yeah, Catherine Dener people will vote for her remember those spots you used to do I'm
Catherine Dener and I used to say to myself what
But hey, why I'm Catherine Dener oh yeah we
I thought you was saying I get on your nerves and I was thinking yeah, you do a lot bad because speaking of ways please
By the way the French like Jerry Lewis a lot too David Hasselhoff so what does that say
Just some people have got a really bad taste. What's I got to do with the Germans
They're right next door I say 26 past one at five 60 WQM
Emptorex diabetics right next door in fact if you live near a Walgreens or a publics or an accuracy
They got it for in fact all over town more and more people are drinking and erect diabetic a truly delicious meal replacement drink
That's made for people living with diabetes
But anybody wants to cut down their sugar and take it enjoy it too because it's sweetened with splendor
So there's no nasty aftertaste like you with asperate or saccharine
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who just can't sacrifice proper nutrition because they're in a big fat-ass
Terri
Interest diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins and minerals you need
For a healthy life plus it's got fiber and the acidity and it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol too
Interest diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and eight ounce can
Provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition
I'll bet Greg reads life on it. You try and arrest diabetic once you'll never ever go back to whatever your drink can be
For if you'd like to get a free sample a free two pack
Just call this tool free number and they'll send you one vanilla one chocolate. They call 1 866
368 37 39 or you can order online at enterxdivetic.com
Just click on where it says free samples
Be sure and tell that Neil sent you back for the delicious one
And when you call you get an additional special get for mentioning my name call 1 866 368
37 39 no forget you can pick it up at CVS of the local pharmacy
Sedanos Navarro's records Walgreens and pubics
Thousands of Americans are victims every year
Deeds stop at nothing to take your car until now
Introducing the newest in auto-thub protection the Howard Dean car alarm
Hey man look a Porsche you need to grow bar
When installed the Howard Dean car alarm would deter the most crappy would be themes the Howard Dean car alarm
Now available in select states
Carolina and Oklahoma and coming soon to the rest of America
None of the money generated by the sales of the Howard Dean car alarm benefit the Howard Dean for president campaign fraud
Well, that's okay. It's over anyway 130 at 560 WQM mad dog at 2 the Humber at 4 630. It's panther preview
Panthers at the Buffalo Sabers right down the old Hershey highway from here
Think I'd go down see the game tonight. Oh, yeah, Florentine maybe I could buy remember dinner after the game by some wings
Panthers at the Sabers tonight a must win all of the Sabers are how does it pistol that'll be on QA M on Waxy
790 got their hercun's basketball starting at 630
Uh against the Yukon Huskies in Connecticut
Josh Darrow's up there clearances there do the game any K antenna clock Joe and Mark overnight
That's the way it goes first lady hopes to see Gibson movie about Christ
Aren't you relieved? Okay, first lady Laura Bush said yesterday she would love to see Mel Gibson's controversial film
About the final hours of Jesus Christ which Jewish leaders could have condemned his anti-Semitic portrayal of the crucifixion story just in time for Easter no doubt
Uh-huh, I think it sounds very interesting
I'd like to see it the first lady told reporters while visiting a high school in Bentonville, Arkansas
She had been asked if she planned to see the film
The Passion of the Christ which depicts the last 12 hours of Christ's life is based on gospel accounts from the New Testament
As well as the visions of a 19th century mystical nun. Oh, yeah
She had a vision
The film opens now aren't all these for vision to go in don't they all have a vision
Yeah, I got a vision right here
The film opens next week on ass Wednesday see what I said just
coincidentally in time for all of these uh shenanigans going on
But it's already stirred widespread interest among us evangelical Christians a group with billions of dollars in spending power and tens of millions of votes
They're outnumbered badly though. They'll find out in November
It's also been condemned by Jewish leaders who say the movie unfairly blames the Jews for the death of Christ and couldn't claim anti-Semitism
President Vosio faces a reelection vote in November is long-court in Christian conservatives a key element of his political base of far
Biss and a right-wing lunatics the lunatic right-wing fringe as we were just talking only moments ago
WQ and hello
Hello, yes, sir
I was in it on my car. Uh, you see you're looking for earlier with uh, Jean Cleeson. Does somebody call him play that?
No, the name of her is Jane Kennedy
Uh, not a lady for them. CPS morning show. Was it Jane Cleeson?
Jean Cleeson was her name. Yeah, now he's a great genius. I said that at one point and then he said I don't know was Jane Kennedy
Yeah, you're a director. Okay. Thanks. Have a nice day and you two see I was right for once in my life
It was Jane Cleeson. When you said Jane Cleeson, I said I don't know who that is
She used to be on a CBS morning show. Oh, I see that I am a person of that kind of mind though
They like completely light stars it right right well, you know, a Jane by any other name
Would smell the same plane j
WQ and whatever happened to a baby WQM. Hello
Q. I.m
Uno no stress
Too late for just a second there. I thought Scotty McWes going to start counting again WQM. Hello. I was dead
Q. I.m
Yeah, no, it was Jane Kennedy who was in the morning show
Yeah, it was the one that was black light skin. This is just called as wrong
Well, who was Jane Cleeson? She was also a
An anchor, but she was white the one that he's talking about was like dark skin. I see
I mean that dark skin don't get me wrong. She was like she was like a light mulatto. Right
She was Jane Kennedy who had done sports for she went to that exactly. That's when I was sticking up right
Okay, thanks, palmy
I have a great taste. Yeah, I told it was Jane Kennedy. Didn't I? I was trying to make her Jane Cleeson
You know, we need to get on this case who Perry Mason
What that's right. He's dead. He's an amazing star. But his boyfriend still around five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
TNT and Verizon Marvel's long we can still tack a few more names on here. Don't forget we got another half an hour for
Scott to wait to see today. Scott's just dying in the QM van to see a
He's at the shell station. I'm just west of I 95 on Sheridan Street stuff. I'd registered with a pair of tickets to see the Marlins on opening
They gets to Montreal expose and don't forget Trevor kid blows rhymes with expose WQM. Hello
Hey Neil, good afternoon and back to you. Um, I there's one that I can't believe you forgot
It hasn't been in the movies last couple years. Jordana Brewster
Punky Brewster
Oh, but she's a knockout. She hasn't been any movies. I bet she makes a mean punky pie though
You know it. Who is it again? Jordana Brewster. Jordana Brewster. Who I don't know George
Who is that? What's she been in?
Um, I guess she was in um
What's that horrible movie would fin Diesel?
Wouldn't have seen it
And she was in some other movie where the high school was like
All turn into zombies. There's another crack. Excellent. So that's my kind of mother. Okay. Thanks pal. We'll put around her Jordana Brewster get around there
We have no idea who that is but put around her anyway
5670560 pound five if somebody will vote for it. We'll put it on right right why not then we put Katie price
Then we actually put around there or what Katie Kirk
Don't put Katie Kirk on there mister
Katie price has a vote so in other words, uh, said who faxed that in said the kid he voted and which I like I like that
No point in calling something in then you don't vote for it unless of course you don't have no PC or you're too cheap to go out of the internet cafe
Ava Gabore vanity barba Carrera kim no vac goldie hawn Cheryl teagues and Jordana Brewstered images but the rest of them don't have any
Out of 769 vote man and both point says uh kim no vac is still alive
Old and fat. I told you she was a woodlery king just a month or two ago. Uh-huh the king mister
Somebody under the age of 80s got to watch him once in a while
WQ and hello
Yeah, Louis on a mobile. Yes, Lou how you doing? Okay, Neil. What do you got for me?
Kathleen Turner body here. Kathleen Turner. All right
That's a great hand not too bad. Have a great day, Lou. All right, I said to facts about her. Did you read it Kathleen Turner? Mm-hmm
No came to Ted Turner
Turner over or page Turner the Buckton Turner WQ and hello
Hey, deal with something. How are you doing say? Uh, I got one
summer high act. She's on her she's got six votes already. She's zooming up the list. Oh, I'm a little late man. Thanks man
Uh, that wouldn't have made a great name for an actress page Turner. Very good. Wow. I love that or a writer
Winona
How about Dave Ryder?
Loves trucks WQ and hello
Hi, uh, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to add uh Julie newmar Katlin
Julie newmar
You got it. Thanks. Thanks man
Add Julie newmar you got it Josh. Can you handle all this? I can handle it. He can he's handling it
Unfortunately, George is watching so he's handling it very carefully. You
Uh
Murphy per I got to get just a couple of these on I had such a pile here and then we got the eight million names for the list
Which is good keeps these people off the streets keeps them occupied keeps them in the firm grip on me on the stick
In a sweeping apology to Long Island Catholics along with the first full accounting of the tallest sexual abuse scandal in New York in Long Island
Anyway, Bishop William Murphy disclosed yesterday that 132 people claim they were I want you to listen these numbers, okay
132 persons claimed they were sexually abused by 66 Catholic priest and religious brothers since the diocese was founded in 1957
What's two-fam 66
132
So that's a nice even two-a-piece every priest gets appear on Long Island
For all of this I've apologized many times before I apologize again because I know that there's a Catholic Bishop in the U.S
I will go to my grave with the knowledge that I can never make up a restored of the victims the innocence lost and suffering experience
Day in and day out by those who were victimized as well as their families not to mention the course the ones who committed suicide
The leader of Long Island Catholics said that I see said paid more than three point eight million dollars for therapy
Emigal settlements and the remaining ten million dollars currently set aside in the special fund will be used to assist victims
Until it's exhausted and the priest are exhausted and can't less them more kids nice going pops phony
WQM hello
QAM
Yeah, Neil yes, sir. Anybody calls in for the number 10 bowderek yes, they did
They did okay. What about Catherine the knows?
Uh, did we put her on there and somebody mentioned her did we put her on yes, we put her on thanks for both
See tried to in the over two
They're both honor there's the a former football players. They she was raped to the news by criticizing night as abilities at the place kicker
How do you like that and I pronounce your name right? How else would you pronounce it HNID?
Nothing would be five of them be raping good old Maitre you can try this guy. What is the coach do they respect your ability?
I mean you could be 90 years old, but if you can go out and play they respect you
Well, Katie was Katie was a girl and now I was your girl. She was terrible
If this guy he had to be strung out that'll let his ass
Gary Barnett the football coach of Colorado. He had to be strung up. I'll bring the rope
She was terrible
So I saw another was the the not so subtle hint is that well they didn't have any respect for there
That's why she got raped at it right
That's why they just used an abused her because she just sucked and they had no confidence in her or maybe she didn't suck
You know the male players that aren't good they get raped and that's correct
That's part of the ritual man as part of the initiator. It's part of the entry process
20 till two
You know, believe me if anybody knows it's the moment
Rate more times than anybody in any other women in America put together. That's just this week
Let me tell you right now since everybody in everybody in the world is talking about Atkins man
I'll tell you if he could have been this popular when he was alive. He'd alone us about 10 million
If you're on the Atkins die or any of the low carb die like the South Beach die which I understand is working for some people
Low-carb sugar free. That's where it's at. There's a store that is dedicated all to you
Delights of West Boka when you go into your supermarket see save the supermarket for your meat and your fish and your cheese and all of that stuff the eggs
But when you go to Delights of West Boke you'll find a thousand other low-carb products to choose from things with some taste with some variety
Which is what you need to stay on that diet, which no matter how good it is for it's pretty damn boring
They got breads and bagels at the lights cookies and crackers chips and brownies chocolate ice cream
They got pasta fantastic sauces
They got ketchup and cheesecakes and lots more at the lights you'll find a bigger selection anywhere of these low-carb
Sugar-free products they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 you can try anything the store before you buy it
There's staff knows Atkins dieting inside an out and spec speaking of Atkins
They've got the most complete line of Atkins brands products anywhere that are on sale today next sockets Easter Sunday every day
The low carb diet now is the most talked about program in the world
So head to the number one low carb sugar free store anywhere
The lights of West Boke on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market or column toll free at 1-877
Low-carb that's with the WLOW C-A-R-B run a web at slowcarb.com
Don't forget there's only one the lights of West Boke is your official Atkins retail center watch your step doctor
20 oh
The Rogers our sports hall radio W-Q-A-R
They love it
I'm frisky
The road dreads
To Mary
They're hoping for a gay way pollution to lead the life that gay institution
Want to see their race
What's going on like a teeth and say I'm scary
Oh
But it messes the choosing thing in their race
Plaining or in the closet
The matter
Push one habit
Pushes
He is welcoming
As long as they don't do that
Stop anything
Two guys or two girls
He thinks they are all slaves of trade
Friends' life will lead the hairy wings or that boy up close
I can't do
Push don't like
Gays in things
They are scary
But it messes the choosing thing in their race
Yes
The boys and the boys and the girls
The girls will always be
They're scared to take care of what's the way they
Push don't like
Gays in things
They are scary
One 46 at 5.60 W-Q-A-R
Forgot your old teeth says Captain Tom
Guess what Captain Tom
He's got one and the vote two
She's on this
She's on this
Maybe this fact skimmed before somebody said it
Why does it told Josh that I texted to you?
I see
Well, Captain Turner is on this
Listen, there are so many
Surely who thought
What
This one is amusing
Surely who thought
Surely who thought
He's talking about a long time ago before any of us were born I guess
That's what he said
Who is beyond say maybe should have separated real actresses from the wannabes
She's a celebrity
If she's not an actress, she's at least kind of a singer
You said celebrity, not actress
Who is the hottest female celebrity of all time?
Is Brittany a real actress?
No
She's a celebrity, she's a famous person
What about Julia Roberts?
No, okay
We just, we just, we just said to Julia yesterday and we decided that you don't like her all that much
Is that what we decided?
You know what you said?
You said you can't stand you in the right arms
You said you, you swoon when you see that bitch
How about exactly, Josh?
Did that what he said?
No, I don't know what you said
You said she was okay
That's what she's fine
I don't think she's all that great
I said she's like skinny
See, I don't know if I real super skinny people all over the track
I just, you know, I agree
They could be very nice people or very good at what they do
Which I think she's a, she's a good actress and she takes a lot of unnecessary crap
Because people don't like her for whatever reason
You know Audrey Hepburn skinny
And there you go, there's another one
Right?
So we can put Julia Roberts on her, Audrey Hepburn was like a, she was like pencil thin
What I suggested is that you watch Aaron Brockovich
Yeah, which is a surprisingly good movie
Now is that a civil war movie or a western?
Both
WQAM, hello
Civil Western, would you Robert Seiner, Audrey and Robert?
QAM
With radio just way up their ass
WQAM, hello
What about Sharon Stone?
She's on there
Oh, how about one for the Jews, Gina Gershon?
Who the hell's that?
Oh, she's gorgeous
Okay, there's a gorgeous Jewish for it
There are Gina Gershon, I have no idea
She was in showgirls with Elizabeth Berkley but she's got a, a Mia space
I don't like Dr. Judy D. No, tight
Nobody is that Mia's kind, no, not Mia
WQAM, hello
Good afternoon, Neil
Good afternoon, Neil
Hi, sir
Hey, you may reference this morning that Natalie would be floating in it
She's floating on it, yeah
She's floating on it, well you were talking about that Pa Maula commercial
Right
Right, you know that lady died today?
The one lady used to do that
No, kidding, that's why we were talking about it
Oh my God, that's why I'm asking her
She died yesterday or today but I heard it on the news
I'll be damned, that's why we talked about it
Earlier when we hit the list of people who just died but thanks anyway
5,6,7, you know that lady died?
The one who used to imagine, you know, imagine you used to say you're floating in it
You're soaking in it, you're sucking in it
No, no
Napalm out of lady
What are we gonna soak in now?
Soaking in that green crap and they always had their hands in a bowl and even guys
Oh geez, remember that?
For a, gay
Guys who like bit their fingernails down to their knuckles and they had their hands in that green mug
Oh you're soaking in it, wow fat
Man, this one is not gonna taste too good
Yeah, I think that's always a good idea
She is like to soak your hands in dishwasher and that's probably why she died
I mean God eventually we'll get to it
Sometimes he's a little slow, he's got a long list he's working on
Okay, but sooner or later he'll get around you
So keep screwing around, you'll see
WQAM, hello
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good
Listen, I got the pussy galore I think was played by honor Blackman
That's correct, you right?
She was a lesbian at the beginning and bond converter by the end
Real quick, real quick, once you can get in the end
One drop dead, babe, one fortunately met the real Charlie's Angels
Sharon Tate, bye bye
Okay, Sharon Tate won't see her in on mall
She met her fate
She met her fate for Sharon Tate
From that guy I hate
But Charlie's still living in the Manson
Yeah, I still say I don't care, I don't care what the laws are
They should have just fried his ass a long time ago and stopped with his bull crap, you know
Mm-hmm
Always make exceptions for the lowest of the low life
The scumiest of the scumbags
And he can't spell scum without
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T
And Verizon Wireless Lines
Speaking of scum, if your carpets look like crap, if they got all kinds of mung, not only on the surface but down deep into fibers of your carpet
Believe you me, it's not a pleasant thing
Instead of spending thousands and thousands of dollars to go on by brand new carpeting
Do the smart thing like I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes
Just make one easy call to dry concepts
Why would you talk to anybody else because these people are the best in the business of bringing your carpet back to life
Looking brand new and nobody else in the world does that exclusive patented dry cleaning thing that they do
Which sucks the deep dandered out of the fibers in your carpet leaving them looking like I said brand new and scrum
And I'm going to refresh too
So when your carpets need to be clean next time or your area rugs, your draper, your upholstery, whatever it is
Crush the people who have been doing it in town for well over 20 years, dry concepts
They'll give you a written guaranteed price of any work upfront before they start the job
No ripoffs, no worries, just a beautiful unbeatable job every time
And when you call dry concepts be sure to ask them to put you understand by list which can save you 15% on your next carpet cleaning by dry concepts
Call them till free 1-800-248-5071 They'll never disappoint I guarantee it
1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com
My name is Locals, I'm a New Year's sports radio 560s, you and me, you and me
I've been everywhere man, I've been everywhere man, I've been everywhere man, I've been everywhere
I've been a reno-star, no parko, minnesota buffalo, Toronto, whistle, sasso, the witchy-dong-dong, the audio, home from the carpet, pound him a battle, a lot of them
We're going to South Carolina, and Oklahoma, and Arizona, and North Dakota, and you ready to go?
And Texas, and New York, my name is St. Louis, my name is St. Louis, we're going to California, and New York, we're going to South Dakota, and Oregon
And I'm going to South Dakota, and Oregon, and I've been everywhere
I've been a reno-star, no parko, minnesota buffalo, and New York, and I've been everywhere
I've been a reno-star, no parko, minnesota buffalo, and Texas, and New York, my name is St. Louis, and Oregon, we're going to South Dakota, and Michigan
And we've been everywhere, I've been everywhere, I've been everywhere man, I've been everywhere
I've been everywhere, and then we're going to watch it, and he's going to take back the windows
Where, how are you? Just come to the library to see you, and he blew it
And that's you and his campaign, he's done
He dropped out today, in case you've been sleeping, in case you've been under a rock
How are Dean said bye-bye? Thanks for the memories, but that's it
See there was one problem, you know what it was? What was that? Is white you didn't win any election? Oh, yeah
No, seriously, he did a lot of great things, he inspired a lot of young people, he did that internet thing, was fabulous, he raised millions of dollars, which he flushed down the toilet
But nevertheless, and many let a lot of people down, I think, because performance was weak
It was kind of like Al Martinez voice in the godfather, it was weak
Yeah, like that
826 votes, let's give a couple more names for the list before we leave, because some of these people are frantic
W.C.A.M. Hello
Hello, hi
Yes sir
Uh, yeah, I was well, Blake, I speak to Neil
You're speaking to him
Hi Neil, I want to put it down on a read
Down a read
Yeah, she's gorgeous
Okay, she might even be alive anymore
Oh, she's alive
She's gorgeous
And if now we'll dig her up for it, okay thanks, Kyle, down a read, you think he's serious?
No, but we'll put her on her anyway
Why not, we put Hazel on there
Are you knocking Hazel?
Although I do like a nice Hazel, no, once in a while
Do you like Hazel on the ice cream? I love Hazel nuts
He's knocking surely in the old booth
W.C.A.M. Hello
Neil
Yes sir
Um, how about a corner coba? She out there yet?
We just put her on it, we just stuck her tree trunks right on our pool
I know every time I say that you get all upset
That's okay, I've seen her, okay, I've seen her
Okay
He's the old beard is what she is, he's the beard lady
I mean when somebody tells you okay
You can't even one thing to say to her
You can't even say to her, you can't even say to her, you can't even say to her
When I started with Enrique Iglesias, okay
That's when people started raising their eyebrows
And between falling on the floor laughing
Even my good friend Enrique with his teeny tiny penis
Weird that
You have to do with her legs
Which are not nothing
She just happens to have tree trunks
You're a blind man
Redwoods
We have a poster that's bigger than life on the wall
What her leg?
Yeah
She's only got one, I see
Who is or was the hottest female?
If you get really testy about that, Enrico and O'Hode
If you listen, if you can find her, if she'll agree, oh, I have a great time
You've got my permission, I'll give you the old pink slips
I'll be right back
Yeah, I'll give you the pink slip
I think Freaky Carlos is wearing it now, but I'll give you the old pink slip
Marilyn Monroe is leading, which I think is like the rascal house of Hollywood beauties
I mean, she was fine, you know, in her day
She's back in the day
She had a look
She had a look, she had a mole
And her face was, eh, it was okay, the rest of her was great, but her face, Adam
She oozed sex appeal
Right, she was oozing it
And in fact, now if you open up the crypt, she's probably still oozing a little bit
Marilyn Monroe 95
Probably Peter Lofford has got the part of him is in there too
Britney Spears 76
Oh, that's bad
Just change again
77
Raquel Welch also 77
She's even Steve with Britney, she's right up to her ass
So, Fiela runs 61, how he's very 34
Charlize, they're all 32
Catherine Zeta Jones 27
Kim Basin who 26
Hillary Duff, little Hillary's got 21, she's 40
You tell me she's 16
I wouldn't know
Well, you saw that picture you sent me with Tom Walling and he wasn't even swelling
Of course, he's probably
Let's see, Jane 5 to 19, Rita Hayworth 19
Bode Derek 19
Barbara Eden 18, love Barbara Eden
Jennifer Conley 16, Grace Kelly, the beautiful, pristine Grace Kelly
Classy
One of the most exactly, one of the classiest looking ladies in the history of the human race
She's only got 16 votes, what's wrong with you guys, man?
Because she wasn't a slut
That's the problem, a little bit too classy for this crowd
Liz Taylor 15, Carmen Lector 15, Ferris Fawcett 15
Remember that movie The Burning Bed?
Yes, it better
That was nasty
You know who that guy reminds me of?
Oh, the guy, I've seen him in a few other things, they got to play the crazed killer there
Right, when once you get thrown in the fireplace and hit him with a bug spray
And his eyes were talking about the bug spray, that was amazing
He reminded me of Bodeedal
Didn't he? Stop it, it's about that guy
I don't know what his name is, somebody will let us know
But that actually reminds me exactly of Bodeedal
Maybe he was spraying to kill the old Deedal
Bodeedal, you think?
Or maybe I'm exaggerating it, little bit
Anyway, so we got a lot of votes on here and believe you me, you got a good choice
He got plenty of good choices, Sharon Stone, like it not, she'll be a booby opening her boobies for her on our website tomorrow
Jim Mandage, he's a booby man, he's coming up next to the Humphor at 4, who's seen a few of them
And then we got the Panthers at Buffalo, big game tonight
Bye, bye, bye
I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too
That is a loot, I don't miss a pickle
