The 10 inches.
Alright, let's play who wants to be a millionaire!
Puff Daddy, sitting in the chair, I'll call you Puffy.
Yo yo man, yo yo!
Are you ready?
Yeah!
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
Alright.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-P-E-R, C-M-R-E-R,
or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man!
Is it a $100 question, man?
You're kidding me, right?
It's $100.
For $100.
This ain't the million dollar question!
This is the first one.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a light one?
Yeah, alright, what do I got?
Well, we have the asked the audience, the 50-50 and the phone a friend.
Ask your audience.
Now, how many white people in here?
They're 50-50 and they'll help me.
Oh, you know what, I'm gonna phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah!
Alright, who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard!
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty, we call him.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line
and hopefully he can help you.
Yoooo!
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Regis Filman from Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?
How are you?
Hi!
Got your friend here, puff daddy.
Your dirty was that!
Wazah!
Wazah!
Wazah!
Wazah!
Wazah!
Alright, alright, uh, old, wazah, me.
Old dirty, uh, puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question and the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
They'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begin stop.
Wazah!
Your dirty finished this off for me, alright?
Hey, man.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc-B-P-A-C-Murino or D-Illet?
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
Man, I know this.
Man, I know it.
I see a spear.
A spear, you sure?
About, about third, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
About third.
Alright, man.
Thank you very much.
Hey, man.
Times off, uh, old dirty, said, Pierre.
Whew.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna poll the audience?
No, I like the Adder Lifeline.
I'll actually know there's only, uh, three lifelines of yours, one you have two left.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's dark.
It's A.
It's dark.
My final answer is dark.
It's dark.
And it's a good one.
You got to hold it on.
Run, you run, you white.
Run, shoot it.
Run, shoot it.
Get on.
Get on.
Get on.
Get on.
Get on.
Get on.
Get on.
All right.
All right.
I like that.
Let's play that all day.
What do you say?
Huh?
Sounds like a plan to me.
Good stuff.
So anyway, let's see.
I guess Sterna was on live today.
We'd know that because otherwise he'd have bailed out an hour earlier.
Right.
Which, uh, next week, all next week, they got Best of Sterna on all next week.
Best of Sterna.
So what that means for us is a real pain in the old, uh,
A.
Long shows.
Oh, brother.
And especially Thursday and Friday because I already made a deal with George,
I'd be notes to me about this, uh, Best of crap with Sterna next week,
which they sprung on us this morning.
And then the last two weeks in December.
Holy moly.
You got to be schmitten me, man.
I will play those bits.
What bits?
The ones we can't play anymore.
Right.
How about condolese, uh, kind of, let's play that.
And you got a kiss and, um, good morning.
What about that?
Sounds good to me.
Yeah.
Let's, let's do that.
If we get probably a 90's year on Thursday.
Now that's a pain in the ass.
This, uh, Sterna and bailing out all next week, best of at 10 o'clock.
What are we going to do with that?
And Thursday and Friday, no George, which I agreed to work even on Thanksgiving day.
But, uh, everybody agrees that's a bad idea, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
So what are we going to do then?
Oh, we'll just have to go with the flow.
That sounds like a real rocket science kind of solution to our problem.
We'll just go with the flow, okay?
And maybe we'll go with the flow and we'll stick on low.
There you go.
What do you say to that?
All right.
Rhymes with Mo, I think it's called no.
Well, we'll work on that.
Also got to work on that website.
But we got many issues on that, baby.
Oh, I don't want to get Eric all whipped up into a, whoa, one of his friendsies.
But you got to redesign that thing, man, because that ain't working out.
I mean, it's a beautiful thing.
And we got all kinds of neat stuff on there.
Like, we got Dick Cheney's a swollen package.
And the big article that goes along with it.
But I do with that.
I thought I printed that thing out.
Where else is it?
Well, we'll find it.
At any rate, you got Dick Cheney's package.
You got Jim Rome getting thrown on his ass by Betsy Everett.
Good stuff.
And we got nothing about Scott and Lacey Peterson, though, thank God.
So if you're like, the good news about Colin Powell resigning,
we saw the fact he's a total sellout in an equal time.
Other than that, is the fact that at least it takes Scott and Lacey Peterson off the
front pages and headlines and freaking CNN and MSNBC,
you talk about a feeding frenzy.
If anybody needed any proof of what Tammy Faye's been telling you for years.
But media is sick and they talk badly.
Holy crap.
I mean, just nonstop.
We had Scott and Lacey Peterson up the S all weekend.
Didn't you?
No.
Just never ending on and on and bop-bop-bop-bop.
Here's our panel.
Here's our panel.
Here's Nancy Grace.
And here's Amazing Grace.
And let's see Mark Grace, you know.
Holy crap.
Now the reason I just played that fit there to start,
number one, I got one to hear last week, but that has nothing to do with why I played it.
Because screw him.
But the reason I played it is because they're good close friends.
About 30, man.
Olderity rhymes with about 30.
He died.
And they still try to figure out why, you know.
Yeah.
How can that be?
Couldn't be no drugs, could it?
Well, the rap artist, ODB, olderity bastard.
Olderity rhymes with...
About 30, man.
Who's utterly unique rhymes while lifestyle and incessant legal troubles made him one of the most vivid characters in hip hop.
Collapsed and died inside of a recording studio Saturday.
He was...
About 30, man.
35, which ain't too far from him.
About 30, man.
Olderity had completed test pains before collapsing at the Manhattan studio,
was dead by the time paramedics arrived, said Gabe Tesariero.
A spokesman for the ODB record label, Rocca Fella.
Oh, I like that.
That's ROC-A-FELLA.
Rocca Fella.
Cousin's death was not immediately clear, but olderity recently finished a prison sentence for drug possession and escaping a rehab clinic.
He would have turned 36 today.
Oh, let's hear it.
What do you say?
An honor of olderity would have been 36 today if he'd just made it one more day.
Couple of one more day.
Well, let's see, what the...
Oh, he got Saturday.
Just two more days till 36 and he couldn't make it.
Damn it.
I hate that.
ODB, also known as Olderity Bastard, Dirt McGurt, Big Baby Jesus, or his legal name of Russell Jones,
was the founded member of the Semidal rap group, the Wutang Clan in the early 1990s.
The Wutang Clan.
Wutang.
It is honor of...
How big a burden?
Wutang.
You got to feel like that.
You got to feel properly.
But don't be saying no, Wutang.
With his honor of the nice delivery, ultimately slurred hyperanoncensical olderity,
he stood out even in the Nine-Man clan, which feeds the touch feature stars at Method Man,
RZN Ghostface Killer.
Oh, he's my favorite, I Ghostface Killer.
He'd be the best.
That'd be Rizza, by the way.
Oh, RZN is Rizza?
Yes.
Oh, that's right. Rizza Jizza.
That's right, my Nizza.
Nizza?
He's a real Pizza.
The Wutang blueprint was for each member to pursue solo projects in old dirties were among the best.
He released hit singles such as Shimishimi Yon, Got your money,
and appeared on remixes with artists like Big Boob, Mariah Carey.
We got that one big one in the middle of our chest.
There's nobody like him in the game.
Rizza told the APC and everyone had owned that.
He wasn't able to, if he wouldn't ask if old dirtie could resume his career after prison.
He's got a lot of problems.
He's got iron out.
But of course, as far as the one-of-a-kind person, one-of-a-kind artist,
he's one of a generation, one of a lifetime.
He's a very rare commodity, and now, of course, he's dead.
But as his fame increased, so did his erratic behavior, and fans came to expect the unexpected from old dirtie.
Every time he'd say,
He was just about peeing their pants when he'd say that.
When MTV knew his father and maraud at the height of his popularity,
Tip Camer crew and several of his kids, he would say that more than a dozen by numerous mothers
to the welfare office in the limousine to get in a lot of the food stamps.
Oh, no!
Man, he was sure a role model, wasn't he?
Oh, yeah.
To get in a lot of the foods in it, and the best part is he got them.
In February, 1980,
crashed the stage at the Grammy Awards and hijacked the microphone from Singer Sean Colvin as she accepted an award,
apparently upset over losing the best rap album to P. Diddy,
who was then still back then known as Puff Daddy.
Then, of course, everybody knows now that P. Diddy is a real faggot.
He complained that he spent a lot of money for New Clothes because he thought he was going to win the rapper later apologize.
Over the years, he was wounded in the shootings and arrested on a veritable laundry list of charges,
including menacing security officers illegally possessing body armor,
driving with a suspended license, shoplifting and training a former girlfriend.
In 2000, after escaping court-ordered city in California rehab center,
a 30-searched him for a month.
He was finally arrested and filled it up, three days after performing a New York City concert,
with his Wu Tang click.
He was sentenced in 2001 to two to four years for drug possession,
plus two concluded years for escaping from a clinic.
He was released in 2003 immediately signed with Rockefeller.
He hurled it as return with a news conference alongside Mariah Carey.
Pop fans may know investor as memorable cameo on her hit fantasy,
featuring rhymes like Me and Mariah go back like babies with pacifiers.
You like that rhyme?
That was great.
Yeah, Me and Mariah go back like babies with pacifier.
To Surrieros at ODB had been working on his comeback album for more than a year was almost finished.
Russell inspired all of us with his spirit when tremendous heart,
Rockefeller founder Damon Danshan, the statement,
the world has lost a great talent, but we mourn the loss of our friend.
His mother, Cherry Jones.
Remember Cherry Jones?
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
Since he received the news of her son's death in a phone call,
which he called every mother's worst dream,
to the public he was known as Old Dirty Bastard,
but to me he was known as Rusty,
the kindest, most generous soul honor of her statement said.
Russell was more than a rapper.
He was loving father, brother, uncle, and most of all son.
He was dead.
He was dead.
He was doing their old dirty.
Maybe they'll bury him under the old dock or the pier or one of them things.
Maybe he can sit on the dock and be with Otis Redding,
huh?
They can reminisce about old times.
What do you say?
Here's the results from our world payment.
Now let me just say this a bit.
Don't forget about the website because that's important stuff today.
Okay, don't forget about that.
We've got a big Chinese package and the accompanying article
that goes with it, which I forgot to print out.
But I can't add it.
I don't have time to waste with it.
We have too many important jingles to play.
Like that.
You see, it's one thing for that mysterious voice that was in this morning,
beyond mentionedable one.
I'm sorry.
But Stern being on vacation next week,
so they got best of all week and then last two weeks in December.
Well, that's fine.
And now what?
Now what do we do?
See what I'm saying in other words?
Just telling us that Stern's going to be on tape and so they're done at about 10 now next week.
Well, now what?
We just have to make the adjustment.
Oh, I see.
Well, adjust this.
As Dick Cheney would say in that picture, adjust this white man.
It's getting pretty, pretty, uh, a ponderous, this crap.
By the way, look for the QA in Van right now at the McDonald's.
Whatever you do, don't go in there and eat.
But look for the van.
Located on the corner of 67th Avenue in Palm Metal,
stop by to RSVP for a VIP.
What does that mean?
RSVP for a VIP.
Meet and greet and meet and it'll be neat with NASCAR driver Dale Gerrard.
It was a real redneck.
You can also RSVP at wqm.com.
We're not promoting qm.com.
Okay.
Why did you put that on there?
Because you can't just look at it with that.
You speak.
Why did you put that on there?
Yeah, crossing that out.
Oh, plus you can also pick up movie passes to watch national treasure tonight at the Mimelec's 17 movie theater.
So it's it would be who you go to the QM fan right now at the McDonald's in the parking lot.
I'm sure probably shoveling down big banks.
I'm sure he is at the corner of 67th Avenue, Palm Metal.
And if you want your Dale Gerrard passes,
just stick your finger deep in your nose.
They'll know they'll get the sign.
That's in code, you know.
When you stick your finger deep in there and start rolling around and you pull it out and start rolling around on the edge of your nose.
Okay.
Here's the poll we took last Friday.
The radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most.
Lot of hate.
Lots of hate.
Although we quite frankly didn't have that big of a 2750 votes.
We can do that on a weekday, you know?
Yeah.
I love that great for the weekend.
Maybe they maybe they are stored there, hate away for the holidays.
Because you know South Florida, we just hate the holidays.
Yes.
Rush Limbaugh, 922, the most hated of them all.
Boy, I mean, he's got it hands down his pants.
Top of a couple more rush.
And culture is like almost 700 votes behind 272.
Is that is that winning handly or what?
Huh?
Even Secretary would be embarrassed.
And culture a distance second 272 for that bitch.
Dr. Phil 214, he's slipping out of sight out of my...
Nobody watches him anyway.
Him and Nancy Gray, same person.
He's Nancy Gray's for the mustache.
Bill O'Reilly, 199, hated, reviled.
Sean Hannity, 181.
OJ's got 155.
That was it's only on here because, um,
the bad movies he made years ago.
I thought he would do a little better.
Now he's compared to Rush.
Are you kidding me?
See the people at our audience who are really still foaming
at the mouth about another stolen election about all his bush business.
Uh, they're really disgusted with the hypocrisy of these people.
So Rush, of course, zoomed me to the top.
OJ, we knew he was a slime ball.
Rosie O'Donnell, 116.
Ricky Tickey, Sanchez, 75.
He's on CNN all the time now.
He's just all over the place.
Him and Scott Peterson will be doing a two-man pretty soon.
They'll be doing each other.
Paris Hilton, with that skinny nose 63.
She is...
Skank.
If you look up the definition of Skank,
her picture is right there next to it.
Bob Novak, 52.
He's probably going to be on Crossfire pretty soon.
Miss Kamal's got 49.
P. Diddy 40 said, and then we just talk about him?
Yeah.
Oprah 36.
Mohawi David, see talk about people's slide.
Do-do-do-do.
2031.
He is falling.
And look at Castron Obey.
He's got 30 men.
I got a fax about him a little bit.
Carrotop 29, Dan LeBaster 29, on Route 26.
J. Lo 23.
Will Smith 21.
Jim Rolman gets pushed on his ass by Betsy Everett
in that picture on our website.
Rolman's got 20.
Jim Gray 18.
He's right on Rolman's behind.
Tucker Carlson 18.
Phil Henry 17.
Are you sure positive?
Corrado 15.
Ben Affleck 14.
David Spade 12.
Richard Gears 11.
And then Sigil Digits.
Kelly Ripon 9.
And I don't care what George says.
He looks a skanky to me.
Barbara Walters, Brian Norcross, Ray Romano, Joe Scarborough 7.
Wolf Blitzkrieg only 5.
Tom Hanks 5.
Terry Bradshaw 4.
Bill Hummer's got a pier.
And Sully that a Brian's probably got a bigger pier.
She's got two.
She's a bin vet.
He's a silly person.
She's what's wrong with the CNN right there.
Sully person to get all those panels of the silly little
the pop rock people that come out.
Oh, and I think that's Alton Zahin just having the hissy paid.
All those screaming queens.
That's CNN for you, man.
You won't get any real news there.
Let me tell you that right now.
That's why once that's verta came down.
They had a two hour.
It was worse than our dolphin four game of pre-game show.
Four hour deal.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Finish the show on Friday.
I go in there.
Turn on the tube.
And like at about two 15 or something like that.
Oh my God.
Breathlessly at four p.m.
They're going to want us to vert if the jury's beats the vert.
And they're doing like a two hour four play build up to the verdict.
The antecedent.
Talking about OJ.
See the networks were desperate for another OJ.
The only problem is nobody cared about Scott Lacey Peterson.
Nobody gave a flying fig.
Okay, we don't care.
We still don't care.
It's 11.13.
It's 11.13.
We just started here.
All right.
Before you know it will be noon.
Like I said, that whole thing about next week something needs to be done about that.
I think Joseph Gackie tend to 11 sounds like a wiener to me.
You know, when I was the time to save like never be Ford Armstrong Ford or Homestead because they have to clear out all remaining O4s to make room for the 2005.
You'll save like never be foe on all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate delivery.
And all the O5s are in and of course ready to roll right out to you.
Plus for a limited time, get yourself 0% financing on any of the following.
Explorers escapes, focuses, toruses and mustangs as certain restrictions apply.
The lots of Armstrong Ford or Homestead are loaded and with more O5s arriving every day.
They're cutting prices like crazy and you'll save a ton.
Armstrong Ford or Homestead, like I always tell you, they offer you more value to you because when you buy your Ford at Armstrong Ford, you get an unheard of deal.
There are exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
A bunch of Sally would like that.
So you've been wanting a new car, but been putting it off weight.
No more David Rich and his staff at Armstrong Ford or Homestead will guarantee you the best.
Press and don't forget Armstrong Ford or Homestead locally owned and operated want to make your customer for life.
So they'll treat you just like family.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere.
No bait and switch. No Fony deals.
Armstrong Ford or Homestead at 307.25 South Dixie Highway just 20 easy minutes out to the old 836.
Check them on the wicked worldwide Web at Armstrong Cars.com and then drive a little bit.
Save thousands on that new Ford only at prestigious Armstrong Ford or Homestead.
We'll Rogers mornings and midday and sports around the clock to fight to weigh in.
The U.G.
I'm the Kenny and I approve and classified this ad.
And I'm more sexy than John Edwards.
Much more sexy than John Edwards.
He may look like the 50th beetle or one of the monkeys but I fancy myself as an eagle chick lids.
Or is that giblets?
I'm more sexy than John Edwards.
Much more sexy than John Edwards.
He doesn't have paralysis in his lips.
Talk at the sign like this.
Here.
Here.
Here.
I'm more sexy than John Edwards.
I may have lost it against him from all over the world but I'm a decent and lawful person.
I've never heard of anybody.
Here.
Now I'm more sexy than John Edwards.
More sexy than John Edwards.
I wear clear, me high socks and this time I'm wearing a long-sphere or animal.
Backed at 20s to hang myself.
I'm more sexy than John Edwards.
I'm a liberal and a 38.
What's your got to do?
I have a baby face too.
I want you to rate the monkey skin and I want a Ford put on my desk in the morning.
My eyes only.
I like how I'm saying.
I'm more sexy than John Edwards.
Would you rather look at mine?
Cross the old push for the next four years.
And besides, he's a liberal.
I'm dirty, filthy liberal.
I'm not good coming from the liberal.
Yeah, he's a liberal.
I'm dirty, liberal.
Anyway, he's a giant in the cook industry.
You'll see how gigantic when you look at that picture we got on the website.
Over exposed.
We'll get to that in a second.
First and poll today.
What scares you most about another four years of George W Bush?
Supreme Court appointments.
We need to put that one on it right away.
Colin Powell, Roland Cohen, and Rosanna,
they along with three other members of Secretary of Education, Secretary of Fascism,
Secretary of Dages of Mengele Resign.
He's busy on new experiments.
Let's see, we got some votes on there already on the new poll.
Don't forget Supreme Court appointments, please.
43 votes, loss of freedoms 26.
That was my vote.
More wars, 10.
The draft four and nothing.
It'll be fine.
Only three.
Only three people say, oh, it'll be just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Of course, the audience would say, well, now the rush crowd would say,
those people, you chased them all away.
Yeah, right.
Sure we did.
Those evangelical Christians that made up the bedrock of your audience.
I don't think so.
And we have a message on a show, by the way.
In fact, we ought to play the message every day just like thanks for the low gas prices, Mr. Prism.
For all you born again Christians, you evangelicals.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
And believe me, if there is such a place, you'll be the first ones there.
You'll be lining the walls there.
You'll be flamin'ing as what you'll be doing.
FAAAAMING!
Right.
For the kind of crap that you're pulling on.
Just peddlers of hate and stupidity ignorance.
That's why those debates didn't make any difference because
don't confuse us with issues and the facts.
You know, that's not what counts.
That's what counts is this is our boy.
Got it?
That's what counts.
The Harvard Congress behind the Beated Curtain today,
she was born September 21st, 1966, that makes her like 38 in my book.
The Harvard Congress, daughter of Sudden Harrison.
Who the hell's that?
Uh, you tell me?
I don't know.
Her filmography is very short.
Oh, a good movie I saw last night in between watching the paper.
It's Kick Buffalo Ass.
That is.
And that was called Dead Com.
With Nicole Kidman and Sam Elliott.
Do you ever see that?
I can't say that I have.
Pretty good flick.
All right.
And she was nicknames of Jay,
where she was screwing her brains out in that movie.
And it wasn't a husband either, but she didn't have any choice.
But she was very good in that Nicole Kidman.
I was never a big Nicole Kidman fan before.
And you know why?
I think it's Tom Cruise's fault.
You ruined it for you.
Huh?
You ruined it for you?
No, no, I think you have to make a choice because the two had such a bitter parting in the way.
He's not that I'm sure they ever did anything anyway, but you had to make a choice.
And I wrongly chose him,
which he turned out to be a real piece of crap.
I don't think anybody likes him anymore.
Do they?
Kruthnough, he's out.
He's definitely yesterday's news.
And he's nobody.
Everybody hates him.
Like, oh, he's such a hunchback and he's, and whatever.
Plus, of course, that on top of it, you know, a lot of questions about that.
Most of them we've already answered.
But in her case, she was like, I don't know, but it was pretty good movie.
The ending is like much too abrupt and George would be belly-acquired.
Oh, they're indiguous, terrible.
But instead of dragging it up forever, just to get it over with.
But it's good.
All right.
Called Dead Com.
It's 86, I believe, was the year or something like that.
If you get a chance, take a peek at it, take a peek.
Anyway, she was in celebrity boxing too, Darva Kanger.
Rick and Darva, the million dollar mistake, the E2 Hollywood story,
who wants to marry a multi-millionaire,
Doggy Dog, Wikis Link.
She was on with Howard Stern, July 18, 2000.
And that's it.
That's a medley of her.
That's her rapid-toil right there.
Now, getting back to Dick Cheney.
Here's the article I close with it.
You can click on the picture there.
In fact, be careful where you click.
I think the most interesting thing about that picture is not just the package,
but I think it's also the custard guy there who's bringing out the goods for Cheney to sample.
It looks like that little girl.
She's sustaining a very bizarre position.
I'm sure it's just the angle of the camera shot.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm sure.
Yeah.
And I'm sure that the little girl's got a good head on her shoulders,
but it just looks very peculiar.
And very pornographic.
And I've seen the whole thing, the idea that our righteous vice president would have...
That's the one with a bull-dike daughter, isn't it, Mary Cheney?
I think so.
Yeah.
Our vice president with a bull-dike daughter, this moral values, Jackass from Wyoming.
He's sitting there with a big package exposed, number one.
Unless maybe it's just a stunt thing.
Maybe it's an Oscar-meyer.
And number two, the little girl looks like she's having a hell of a time.
And two bad people can't see the big smile on the custard guy's face.
No wonder Cheney's smiling in life, and I wonder he's aroused.
Anyways, his joining vice president Dick Cheney's motorcade in Green Bay, Milwaukee,
journal-centered, a sentinel photographer.
Oh, I see him.
I'm not reading this well.
Milwaukee journal-sentinel photographer, Dale Golden,
hoped to capture unique image during another vice scripted campaign visit in September.
Did he ever, it says, jumping on and off the press bus.
Well, maybe all that jumping on and off the bus is what got him whipped up.
Oh, I see, Golden says he took dozens of pictures of well-acoustinated photo opportunities.
On the way to Milwaukee, however, former Green Bay Packers quarterback Bart Starr
convinced Cheney to make an unscheduled stop in Glendale to visit local favorite cops frozen custard.
According to Times reporter Rick Lyman, cops frozen custard.
Do you know that, don't you?
Sure.
No, we've never heard of it.
I wonder if it's like Abbott's frozen custard in Victor, New York.
Is that in Victor or Pittsburgh?
I have to swim across the lake and find out.
When Cheney ordered a decaf coffee and sat in a concrete ledge outside, cops managers
Scott Borkin graciously brought him a sample of frozen custard.
The guy came all the way from the White House, Borkin said he's got to, he has to try or custard.
The normally serious Cheney flashed a winning smile for Borkin
and Golden snapped an attention-grabbing photo that would later be chosen for the front page of the paper September 11th Metro section.
Golden got a call from a reader the next day who said, did you notice anything unusual about that picture?
Upon closer inspection it seemed to device president Smile was not his biggest asset.
Is that what we think it is?
You're not imagining it, Golden says of the unintentionally revealing photo.
Let's just say the snugness of Cheney's pants left little to the imagination and we're not talking about his waistline either.
One journal sent an old reader pointed out the blooper in an email to WKLHFM radio host Dave Luzak, Carol Cain and Kevin Brandt,
who had a hoot talking about it during their popular morning show.
Well how come they can talk about stuff like that and we can't, huh?
Because they don't have, they don't have joys in the beesleaves destroying their lives.
It's nice to have someone with that magnitude in the White House Brand joke.
He's big in the White House. He's got a porn career right there, Cain Snickard.
Now we know where his unmitigated conference comes from, Luzak equipped.
We've seen the photo. It's not hard to notice something so well unmistakable.
It says.
And you can see it right on there near Rogers.com, which we're revamping our whole website,
starting day even though Eric doesn't know it yet.
We will and we are, right?
Josh? Right?
Yeah.
And it was Miguel's idea and Miguel finally did something good, even though he's a lazy asset.
I don't want to do those best stuff so the dogs don't have to die.
Golden explains that he took between 100 and 200 photos that day with a digital camera,
it shows six to eight images for possible publication.
It didn't notice anything on the cops image because Cheney sat in the shadows.
Incredibly, it does miss so editors saw the photo before publication.
And nobody raised a vague flag.
Well, maybe they weren't looking at the vice president's crotch.
Is that possible?
While such a portrait of the VP is clearly inappropriate, it's also a harmless mistake.
And could be seen as rather dare we say flattering.
Just ask WKLH's Cain who dug through her recycling to find the photo.
It's like a scud missile for Cranagh Cranagh out loud, she said.
Want to see the picture for yourself?
We'll take a look at it on our website.
As a matter of fact, the newspapers taking it off their heads,
their website.
Meanwhile, Mark Hoffman, Deputy Photo Editor, suggested we try the papers' photo sale service.
It's not on there either.
The photo is not for sale.
But you can get it free on theorages.com, along with a bunch of news stories that nobody wants to read.
But we're changing the way that's going to be laid out.
We're going to lay it out in a way that will be more conducive instead of just letting people read half of the story in a paragraph
and not clicking into read the whole story.
That's what's going on, man.
Right? Right.
Even Miguel knows that who's too lazy to do a best up campaign so those dogs don't have to starve it.
That's going to be put to death.
Twenty and after eleven at five, sixty WMU, IRS tax problems have a way of destroying your life.
They take a tool on you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can never really forget about those IRS problems when you wake up in a cold sweat every morning.
That's probably what's foremost on your mind or maybe the vice president's crotch.
CPA Jamie Buckwald and the Buckwald Tax School will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind.
That's why other top CPA and law firms are further clients too.
The Buckwald Tax School will have problems with the IRS.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Now suppose you have an IRS lien, a wage levy, or payroll taxes and penalties, maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you
make sense to me or need time to pay whatever you're a deal.
The Buckwald Tax School can help.
They offer you a free no obligation initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you never even have to meet with the IRS.
The Buckwald Tax School handles all those pay-in-the-ass meetings and discussions.
You don't even have to show up.
Call them today with the O10 grant or a million or anything in between an IRS taxes.
The Buckwald Tax School will help you out.
Call them at 9-5-4-575-2800.
That's 9-5-4-575-2800.
Call them today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com and stop sweating over whether the IRS is going to knock down that front door.
9-5-4-575-2800 and get that monkey off your back.
You're listening to me, little Roger.
Exclusively.
On 5-60-2-A-M.
Suck it in and hold it.
Opening this weekend.
Now the Bill O'Reilly's career as a newsman is on the skids.
Come on by and check out his new venture.
It's Bill O'Reilly's leisure spin zone.
I've always wanted to drink wine so fast it's like it was being introduced intravenously.
You can get that in so many other devices of special pleasure at Bill's store like the...
...the...
...and of course the ever-popular...
...that people love to name.
I call mine Mr. Newsman.
Bill's got products so hot we can't even say them on the radio.
In fact he's probably got a lot of stuff that should never be recorded anywhere.
Wow. That is inappropriate.
Stop by Bill O'Reilly's pleasure spin zone today and get a coupon good for one free falafel rub.
Plus with every purchase over $50 you'll get a free thank you phone call from Bill himself.
Wow wow.
Wow wow.
Hey.
Who's this?
It's Bill O'Reilly, baby.
You're welcome.
Wow wow.
Uh... hello.
I was going to see.
You're taking what?
What?
Thanks for shopping at my store and you're going wow.
What you wearing, baby?
I've got to go.
No, he's only got to take what?
Wow wow.
I know your boss.
Bill O'Reilly's pleasure spin zone putting the O.
E know Reilly.
I'm just playing that cosanguay here and I like that one.
I'm there to play some of the other ones.
But that would be a lie.
Are we dependable?
No.
That's a joke.
Right?
Well, I'd like to be the predatory chaotic and psychotic.
See, Norma can't in between ordering pizza burgers and coaks at the address who are checkers.
Probably ought to immediately be on top of this thing about the...
See, I think this schedule the situation is going to bring this all to a head if I can say that.
Oh.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
Because I'm not...
I'm just not playing this game no more about...
Well, you're starting whenever Stern is done but when he's on vacation or when he decides to take the day off,
you'll start at 10.
I don't think so.
Well, that's what he's done.
Yeah, well, guess what?
That's not when we start.
You know, this is not going to fly.
This is very aggravating and agitating.
And then they have that mystery voice come in at this morning.
We just don't get the message.
Well, he'll be off all next week, best of, and then in the last two weeks of December.
Great.
Well, guess what?
Yeah, very good, Sally.
You have a way with words, sweetheart.
Exactly my feelings.
Okay?
So, Norma, instead of shoveling down them, claggery arting...
Are we...
Are we claggery arting and are we clogging pizza burgers?
How to be working on important stuff like that?
And bringing this to a head and the reason I say this is because the internet is just loaded.
Wall Street Journal, FNQB.
I mean, everywhere you look, more stories about Stern threatening and negotiating.
He's going to get out.
And why, what happens with that?
Again, we're just kind of like stepchildren here.
And that's all we are.
We're stepchildren to a show that's going off the air any day.
That's a beautiful thing, Greg.
Another fine pickle you got us into.
Speaking of chaining is cracked.
Another fine pickle.
You maniac?
With Howard Stern absent from his show Friday morning, a best of was in its place.
The Wall Street Journal speculated that the reason for Stern's unair verbal assaults third
his current employer in Pindity Broadcasting last week,
stemmed from his learning that parent company Viacom had withdrawn its financial support
from Mr. Stern's legal fight against clear channel communications,
which dropped his show earlier in the year after the FCC began a crackdown on indecent broadcasts.
The journal goes on to say that people close to infinity say that because Mr. Stern was secretly negotiating
with Sirius while enlisting the support of infinity's legal team in his suit against clear channel,
infinity no longer feels compelled to back him,
and further that Mr. Stern is negotiating to get out of his contract with infinity so we can join Sirius earlier
than the 2006 date currently planned.
And of course, here we are like I said, stepchildren to the outcome of these ongoing negotiations.
And well, maybe you'll be on a 1040 and maybe you'll be on a 1055 like today,
and maybe you'll be on a 1006 and maybe whatever, you know?
And like Tom Jiccarot, a couple of weeks ago, and I should have jumped right on this,
but I've been too meek and too, I just roll over and play dead on this whole thing, you know what?
That's a much of crap. This is unacceptable is what it is totally unacceptable.
Nonsense. Talk about jerking the audience around.
Their jerking the jerking is what they're doing,
they're jerking a whole audience around.
And is there any doubt about it?
No, they're trying to keep us on our toes.
Yeah, keep the audience on their toes. Well, how do you do that?
And then this business, I guess we're supposed to be promoting.
Oh, next week we'll be on a 10-o week because turns out to be a vacation.
It's best off to, although it might be 1005 and maybe 1015 and we don't know.
Only a crazy person would enter a make a schedule like that.
Only somebody needs mental help.
Somebody ought to be in a straight jacket somewhere.
And we need some intervention.
And in the meantime, the intervener, the guy that could be protecting all of us from this,
he's busy ordering pizza burgers and checkers.
I have two pizza burgers and two cogs, one for the twiggy and one for the runaway.
Yeah, right.
Give me a frickin' break already, will you?
Man.
I think too much monkey business when I'm runaways,
this starts affecting people's brain after a while, you know what?
Too much bad weed.
And definitely too many artery clogging pizza burgers.
It just chokes up your, the blood came in flow to the brain,
where the brain used to be.
And here I sit like in limbo, doing limbo rock.
That I'm sure Stern must have addressed this this morning,
but of course we don't listen to a show, so I have no idea.
But I'm getting tired of it.
I'm getting really sick of the whole deal with him.
No, I actually listened to a little bit this morning and he was saying that,
you know, you lost into the Stern show this morning?
I was, you know, like, what can I say?
Oh my god.
Which you usually don't, but go ahead.
No, but he was just saying that, oh, he has no idea if he's going to get bought out,
and he's just going with the flow.
Which obviously, you know, I can't really believe it.
He has no idea what's going on.
Well, not only that, but what really, what rubs me the wrong way,
and I'm usually for the talent and the, you know,
the corporations, most of them suck.
But the idea, in finity, knowing the history of Stern and that company,
they have backed him and paid millions of dollars on their FCC fines,
even though of course he's made them many millions more.
But the fact is, they've backed him a thousand percent.
Well, that's what he said.
He said, you know, I can't see myself leaving early
because I make this company a lot of money,
so I wouldn't see why they would.
No, no, but it's not just because they make it,
but you're missing my point.
The fact is that they backed him ten thousand percent
and he goes behind their back and negotiates with Sirius this summer,
while they're helping them, they're, they're, you know,
helping with the suit against Clear Channel,
which is why they bailed out.
They said, well, you're looking to stab us in the back and bail out
without us knowing about it, and you want us to help you out with your wealth.
Screw you, you know, is what they said.
So it's a very ugly situation that could implode or explode at any time,
and who knows how many bucks Sirius is going to come up with
if they're really Sirius about buying it out.
And what do we do then?
Sports fans, huh?
I mean, we've been left in limbo, man,
and I'm the only one that's screaming in the out about it
because all these other people are too worried about the stupid sports crap
and about not offending the dolphins,
which will get to that very jackass story,
by the way, that's embarrassing, but not unusual.
It's typical.
That's why when we hit that silly ass Dave wants that press conference
so we could go, they closed the pot.
Couldn't even smoke it anymore.
They closed the pot because God forbid we should hear those funny things
that Neil's going to drop in there to make fun of Dave wants
then the organization during their time of grief and need in the Sirius.
Oh, we can't make a joke of that.
No, God forbid that it's a joke that they're one and eight.
Last time I looked at a paper,
huh?
Nobody else is making a joke.
Last time I looked at a paper,
it's a rate and one of the dolphins are one and eight.
It sounds like the same numbers just kind of like turn bass backwards to me.
That's all it is.
Maybe it's not a...
Rectome.
Maybe it's a rectum problem.
Because as far as I'm concerned,
the spielmeister and the coach, the both of them.
Rectome, hell, it damn near kilnum.
So there you go.
See, he's got a stum on it.
He knows what happened.
Oh, no.
The coach is a wonderful coach and he resigned.
Of course, he didn't get fired.
Guess what?
There isn't a Chinaman's chance in hell that Mr. H didn't fire his ass, okay?
But who cares about that?
Patriots kicked Buffalo.
You should have seen it was really funny because in the Buffalo sports cast and in the
newspapers, even the Toronto newspapers leading up to last night's game.
Just because Buffalo had an amber,
and of course the Jets,
the Loser, the Pennington's injured and the Jets,
and I'll lose every week like yesterday to believe the game to Baltimore.
And, oh yeah, the Buffalo victory last week.
They're on the way now.
The bills are gathered together and they kept talking during the telecast about how they were
bloodsoeing the whole team.
They were so positive.
If they ever went into a game competent, they were going to win.
And of course, the Patriots never even took out a second gear.
I mean, it's just the crews control.
They're targeting and just crushed them like stepping on a cockroach, stepping on an ant.
Right?
Right.
Did you watch any of them?
I did.
Yes.
No more contendee, maybe.
Brady and a crew, they were just like Corey Dillinger, 150 yards plus for Corey Dillinger,
and he was very-
Now we're dangerous.
Now that we actually got a running game, we, that's we, the Patriots.
The World Champion Patriots say is we.
I think you're going to have some problems with what?
With your defense.
You're a defensive boxer injured.
That's going to catch up.
I'll see you.
I don't want me to forget when we come back.
I'm going to get this internet, the website thing I'll straighten out.
We got a lot of business to take care of here today, including Jingles.
Lots of Jingles.
Yeah, it's a, look at that.
18th of noon already.
Our expecting guest is Thanksgiving.
It's not the turkey that makes the meal special.
It's the people.
Well, to each its own.
Making sure your guest leave this discomfortfully is you, by calling dial am I,
Chris, at 1-800-Makres, whether they plan weeks and advance to show up,
or they just come knock it on your door with no warning.
You can get them just the right mattress on the very same day they show up.
Because now, when you call 1-800-Makres, you'll save an additional 20%
on select models while supplies last.
And we're still talking the top names in the binis.
Seely, sir, the civins, King Coral, Sterns, and Foster, he would temperpede too.
When you call 1-800-Makres, you'll get same day delivery, like I said.
And you still pick the date and time for delivery, any two are winner that fits your schedule when you want.
Dial am actress continues to be mighty proud and why not of their 99.7 on-time record.
The rank number one in the world and customer satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torx of Excellence Award.
I've been using dial am actress for years.
All the other folks at the station are using them too, because why waste time money and gasch,
luck at your vetting department stores, help them pay their big overhead when you can get the best deal on a great night's day for years to come by making one easy call.
1-800-Makres or online, it's macris.com. 1-800-MATTRES.
1-800-MATTRES.
1-800-MATTRES.
Follow blows and soda the bill.
Ooooo!
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin's number.
How many teens in a week?
30 June.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin's.
Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put them day in their jacks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami heat and they're the Miami Dolphins.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's number.
How many teens in a week?
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's number.
How many teens in a week?
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
I am a dolphin's.
The dolphins have faith feedler.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl.
You shouldn't be some Miami Dolphins.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's number.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's.
I am a dolphin's.
Now there's room.
I'm kind of here.
Speak to the man.
Oh don't forget I haven't put a promo on this heavily enough and you're not even giving me crap about it.
We go.
About what now?
About the Q&A and about that big thing.
Oh he belongs in one.
Like National Anthem.
Don't forget dead calm with Nicole Kippman and Sam Elliott.
Not too bad.
Got the curly hair in that movie.
It's pretty good.
You enjoyed it?
No actually you didn't like Magnode.
You didn't like good movies.
I don't know Magnode.
Speak to the adult.
You didn't see that.
Then what's the one that you didn't like?
I know it was recommended for a dream.
You're lying.
You just trying to say face on that.
I would tell you it was.
It was hated that movie.
You said you didn't understand it.
Dolphins rap poor because there was nothing about Cuba in there.
Well maybe eventually they got on the slow boat.
Maybe that's where what's his name wound up?
Gerrit Lido.
Maybe he wound up in Cuba.
They got some good crap there.
Sound of way to Jamaica.
Dolphins rap poor with media wishes.
The critical point where we're very jackass and the heraldon Saturday.
And boy you talk about uptighten out of sight.
They're always like real thin skin.
You know with the NFL's got the red skin.
But they also got the thin skin.
Which is the organization.
That would have been a good pull someday.
First of all if we had any hockey fans.
But we don't.
And if there was any I have hockey going on, which there's not.
Which is the which local sports organization is the most uptighten out of sight.
Is that the Marlin organization?
Don't forget about Hank's six weeks suspension now.
For tell the true story.
Is it the dolphin organization?
Which very is got a whole thing here which we'll get to.
Or is it the Panther organization?
Well with those some ugly days right after I first came to QA and man.
The BM show there in the morning and Chris moron had to come in to take the calls
and intercept and be the mediator because the Panthers were thinking to join out.
It made a bunch of horrible trades.
And so we had to protect the the spokesman.
Dolphins repore with media reaches a critical point right miss Jack Ass on Saturday.
Says it trans made the dolphins made a transparent attempt to soften criticism.
When Dave Wonstadt and Rick Spielman invited local columnist to an off the record meeting of the Davey Country Club last March.
It didn't work.
In recent months the dolphins have been criticized more than ever and justifiably so.
You go Barry.
Easy in a nice baloney sandwich right now Barry on white bread.
But the franchise's sensitivity remains high.
All of the dolphins insist they don't try to muzzle criticism.
The team has had issues with several media members for various reasons ranging from honor criticism.
To how WQM's color commented it travels to games.
Consider.
If I you coast Don struck who has weekly show on 790 ESPN radio received a call from Harvey Green.
Not from Fudge Brown but Harvey Green.
Not from O of Mellow Yellow but Harvey Green.
The dolphins vice president media relations.
After the hero ran Strocks comments criticizing the team a few weeks ago.
I was disappointed.
I thought some of his comments were unfair to coach Wonstadt Green said who of course later got fired.
Strocks said he wasn't surprised Green called and didn't seem upset about it.
Strocks isn't the only ex dolphin who received feedback to criticism.
I'll have talks with certain guys who will disagree with things I say.
Joe Rose said they'll say I heard you said so and so.
I'm sure they don't want former guys ripping them but I don't get paid that bit often.
So in other words little dog he's going to say whatever he wants.
You go Joe. We miss you badly by the way Joe.
Oh boy we had the world by the tail end until somebody we know came along and screwed it all up.
Wonstadt called at least three local comments in the past several months to question facts and opinion pieces.
One of those comments that he received calls from Wonstadt Spielman and Green
after writing columns that were completely favorable.
This business is trying to intimidate the media man makes me sick, makes me want to puke.
I hate organizations like that.
One more reason not to be a dolphin.
By the way you see the Patriots kicked ass last night point on the six.
There have been a few issues with employees of fact ship station WDQ
and dating the last December when play by play announcer Howard David
and then convey the broadcast report about Randy Muller possibly becoming general manager.
Green said he subsequently asked David to run rumors past us before going with them.
In other words they have to like they have to approve it upfront before you go on to your with anything.
Now here's the best part.
Analyst Jim Manditz me while was taken back when Green informed him he could no longer travel on the players bus from the hotel to the stadium for road games.
It was a distraction to players getting waited to play Green said.
Manditz who noted to be allowed on the bus for a year said I was told players were uncomfortable with me on the buses.
A member of the media to which I said fine I don't want to be where I'm not one and my personal feeding is we were 0 and 6 of the time.
People get twitchy was manditz surprised I'm way past the surprise party said.
Green insisted a decision has nothing to do with Manditz's criticism of the team on the broadcast which were detailed in the hair less than two weeks before he was thrown off the bus.
Green said Manditz is allowed to ride the team's media bus but Manditz declined.
Meanwhile WDQM's big O. Orlando Alsacquiri recently brought tapes to Green after a player completely heard a pregame host say that
the offense were practicing fake puns.
Alsacquiri denied he made the comments and tapes vindicated him.
The offense then resumed allowing reporters to watch the special teams part of practice.
Boy you talk about paranoid enough tight. Man oh man he's sure of it's uh?
You guys suck okay the team blows.
They're an embarrassment. They're a disgrace.
And then Strochstein or once that's got the balls to say well part of the problem was the dilemma about the two quarterbacks situation.
You know we got the we got touchy feeling we already had feelings problems they both suck that's the problem Dave.
And by the way you're not fooling anybody on this show we all know you got fired you didn't resign didn't step aside you got fired F I R E D D D D D D D right no doubt about no question about you see that even Josh word nearly minds his peace and cues because he don't want to get candidated.
Even he opened into Miguel he don't care he'll tell you right now we got fired.
Dave wants that got fired.
Hey by the way just like down Shula yeah something we we have put the stories on top on the website now.
Well that but that's only part of it.
See I haven't even gotten to that yet it's already noon see how time is slipping away now that we have this horse ball half of the show then we then this is not going to fly anymore.
I'm I'm going to bet for the audience okay sure it's easy to be lazy and say well it's more fun you know we joke about only do three hours.
Yeah that's crap this show is on from 10 to 2 period okay the fact that you sold a house to two people on the same house that's your problem Greg this show is on 10 to 2 period.
In fact I think starting tomorrow we're going to start to show it 10 they want to put it on fine if not you're just missed the first however long it's going to be.
This business coming out of different time every day is totally unacceptable Scarborough just what it is it's stupid especially when we're being preempted by show but a host is telling every day I need to be the last you know every day hands like well if we're here tomorrow all this other crap well that's that's really sweet in it.
Now what's I just saying before you interrupt me all about the website not only do we want to move the stories to the top but we want just the we want just the headline you see I hate to break the news here because I know it was your brain storm and I know it looks.
Fine but if I talk to him about that and and he says he says that he thinks he should I don't care what he thinks alright I don't care what he thinks when he starts saying he thinks that's an oxymoron the idea Rick is thinking okay he thinks he eats he eats he don't think okay he thinks what well no what do you say no he's saying that a lot of the time I don't want to hear it okay.
It's 1158 at 5.6 I don't care what he thinks the headline if it's good enough for Yahoo it's good enough for everybody in the world but no we got to give like the whole paragraph so the people are lazy earth they're not going to read the rest of the story they're not going to click on the link and read it because you give them half the star it's like you're giving the goods right there it's like it's like onto a movie and they give you the ending in the first two minutes and everybody gets up and walks out right no good too much to noon a QM if you want to know about about following a low carb diet and you know what I'm saying.
If you want the best tasting biggest selection of low carb foods at the best price then head forward the lights of Westboker whether you're starting or restarting the atkins the sugar buster South Beach or any low carb sugar free diet the lights of Westboker's always been the number one low carb store in town.
Now of course they got some meat and cheese and about half of a shelf full of stuff in your supermarket which is fine but if you want some things with some variety and taste you're going to love the lights because that's the biggest problem when you follow those low carb diets it gets boring no matter how great it sounds you know with meat and lobster and cheese and more meat and cheese and lobster and eggs
you're going to have some variety and some taste. At the lights you'll find over 1200 products in stock like carbolite ice cream breads, pastas, chocolates, brownies, cookies and lots more all low carb all year the you and your low carb diet.
The lights is open every day seven days away from 10 to 10 the people who work there know in the low carb dieting inside and out and you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
You can call them toll free 1 877 low carb LOW CRB run away with slow carb.com there's only one but what a great story is it's the lights of Westboker your official atkins retail center.
You're listening to me your Rogers.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen beside my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
If you can't get enough CSI you need to get the sounds of CSI the only album with actual sound effects from the show like the slow liquid drip of pewtifying organ
and the squishy munching of square make maggots gorging on human plant.
But wait there's more the sounds of CSI also features the sharp, sickening crack of splintering bone as a bullet punches a hole in at human skull.
And the low heavy hope of a little love of lead exploding out the back of the head in a slow motion spatter of whole brains and blood.
If it seems like leach is raised views, gushes, dribbles, or oozes, you'll hear it on the sounds of CSI.
328 votes on it, polls. Speaking of CSI, CBS fired producer broke into CSI.
For that era fat death announcement, era fart. You notice, era fart's brother just died the yesterday again. The era fart's had done all over the place.
He died again, well they all have to dollar several times just to make sure. He had been 28 votes. What scares you most about another four years of George W. Bush and by the way election was definitely stolen.
Lost your freedom's 116. You already lost your freedom to vote because your vote don't count. Lest it's the right way, the far right way.
Supreme Court appointments 101, which of course ties in with the first one. More wars 60. Nothing it'll be fine. Look at how many people voted for that.
That's your old dirty be proud 9% of this audience say it'll be just fine. And the draft 21. CBS fires producer broke into CSI.
The news report came during last five minutes of the forensics mystery last Wednesday about era fart's death prompting viewer complaints and leading CBS to repeat the show on Friday.
The producer responsible ignored network policy to contact the senior executive before interrupting a rarely scheduled program for news report.
I mean if we're going to watch CSI in New York, who now cares about the SRAMFR, right? What's wrong with you people, especially when we got breaking news about Scott and Lacey freaking Peterson just because the election was stolen.
And just because CNN is hyperventilating about Scott Peterson for hours and hours and hours.
Also with air fat reportedly near death for several days, CBS had left explicit instruction proud to deal with that event.
Run a crawl at the bottom of the screen. Run a crawl. It was a four-gong conclusion. Was it?
Yeah. Now what were you just saying about Eric was trying to give a song to dance about our website and about his, he was his take?
He basically said, oh, military statement said yesterday 38 US troops killed and 275 wounded so far in the Fallujah operation.
Meanwhile, Mosul is total out of control and they're like the city of Fallujah is totally leveled.
I mean people who are going to try to come back to their homes are going to find nothing but rubble in their like dead bodies in the streets.
They have no estimate of civilians killed or wounded because it would be too embarrassing.
It's called emancipation by elimination, baby. We're going to come and kill you and then you'll be free from all of those stories.
Now what were you saying? Oh, the website looks great. Now what were you saying that Eric was trying to give you a song to dance?
Come on. You can go over here. Basically he's saying that people don't always read the article just by looking at the title and most of the sites around have at least a paragraph.
No, they don't. Like one. Give me one. Give me one site that's got at least a paragraph to name me one.
Well, I mean to what he said to what he said, he said everyone including sports and news sites all at least have a little.
Does Yahoo have that? Does hot mail have that? Does Lynn Samuels have that? Does Miss Fudge have that? Does the Roger Tornaval? No.
No. Now, smoking chimps got that. We use a lot of their stories. They're great. But we don't need to put the whole story on.
I'm telling you more people will read it. Well, in fact, I'm smoking chimped a whole story is there. Pretty much.
In addition to which are obviously our website is primarily of much greater interest to people who want to see naked pictures, boobies and funny stuff like Dick Cheney's package and whatever.
And Jim Rome getting whacked by Jim don't call me Betsy ever. Chrissy ever whatever it is. They want to see that because now that he alerted me to the fact that we can.
I never knew this in those stats. You can see how many people are reading what and looking at what and the squeeze and what. You can see that on there.
Well, I told you before the show on oath depressing because there's a lot of work that goes in that all the way around. But very few people have been reading those articles.
So here's an attempt by me to see if it is worthwhile or not. And don't call in here. Give me a saw. If you stop putting those news stories on there and you won't be due because nobody's reading them.
OK. And maybe part of the problem for that being that they just read the one paragraph that we put on there gratuitously freely.
And then after that it's like a newspaper even people that read a newspaper how many of them are left in America.
They read the headlines or maybe they read the first sentence or so and that's it. See what I'm saying. See what you're saying. It is the truth. That is the freaking truth.
And if you wanted to take a survey among people or read newspapers you find they read the front page of the front section.
And they read the headlines that they make glance at the first sentence or two or paragraph or two of the stories on the front page.
They'll do the same on the local news section and then they'll go and read the whole sports section from front to back. That's what I do.
Pretty much. Yeah. Well, why not. Got all this hockey news for crying out loud.
And don't you dare call here and ask me any questions about hockey. OK. Forget about it. It's done. Finish. They've destroyed the game.
They've ruined a bunch of greedy bastards all the way around. See it's kind of hard for people who are making like 50 grand a year, 40 grand a year.
Kind of hard for them to relate to some schmuck who's making 1.8 million years. Things he's getting. They're not paid enough.
Who doesn't want to give like a little bit back.
But I think everybody generally just fed up with a whole deal.
Who do you call?
I call.
What kind of a phone you got Jimmy got like two wires tied together. They're what?
No, I got the capital on it. No, I'm a finger phone.
Yeah. Well, we love our friends at senior wireless. You just must have got a bad phone.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the horizon and singular. It's not like he had like a can of Campbell soup and two strings test to it.
Yeah, you can almost hear a Reggie white's mama in there. You know what?
WQA. I'm hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I beg your pardon.
Where's George George?
George's on vacation today. Why do you miss him?
Yeah, when I'm going back.
Yeah, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the horizon and singular wireless lines. This is tremendous man.
This is beautiful. WQA. I'm hello.
You winder. WQA. I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
Same ones from Friday. Yes, or leftovers. Yes.
What's up?
Go ahead. Sir, speak to me. Come on. Don't worry about these other people. Let's get to your stuff.
Hey, listen, I didn't find out how much for a three foot health monkey man.
Yeah, OK. WQA. I'm hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I'd want to now learn with this election, man, is that I won't vote for the guy because I hate the other one.
I should have went with Nader. At least my vote would have counted.
Yeah, that's right. That would have been good. Yeah, I should want with Nader.
Another genius. They're all coming out today, baby.
I'll depress because Dave wants that resigned. WQA. I'm hello.
Yes, Neil. I'm one of those 30 people that still read a newspaper.
I find it's still one of life's great enjoyment.
Who made it? You don't have a real newspaper to read in South Florida.
Well, that's one of the big problems. I still think New York Times, and then I get one of the local brands.
If you want to read a real newspaper, you have to go on the internet.
Well, that's true. But I guess I get the times a little bit. Yeah, you do search the internet too.
But the fact is, sitting out with a cup of coffee or whatever else and going through the paper and reading all the little articles that don't make the internet with the main news.
I still enjoy a good part of my day. Yeah.
And I guess I probably wanted a few 30s to do that.
But there are many newspapers that have been good over the years of collapse and you could pile loads up.
And it depends because people are reading newspapers because America's a bunch of morons.
Okay, because it's uneducated, illiterate idiots who are busy with Jesus.
Jesus, they showed the pictures of those people and those churches manager.
I want to run. It's scary. And they got their arms up in the air and they're like, got the tears.
And they're like, oh, you know, I mean, you talk about the hypnotized masses.
And if there's 100 million of these people in America today, thank God I'm across the border.
It's all I can tell you. Good luck to you. I'll send you a care package. I'll send you a rubber raft and float across Lake Ontario.
Man, oh man, 100 million of these. Like that. And you wonder why this slaughter and this butchery goes on.
And people all they're supposed to be concerned about is Scott and freaking Lacey Peterson.
Who gives a flying crap about that? Does anybody care about that about him whether they fry his ass or not?
They must because it was nonstop over the weekend.
They still don't care. Don't you understand this again as the media trying to tell you what you're supposed to care about?
Because they've they have milked this. They're so desperate for OJ part two, man. They just dying for sensational.
I mean, who cares about him? Was he famous? No. Was she famous? No. Was the baby famous? No. No.
She's Mark Garagos. He's famous. And of course he blew another big one like he's so famous for doing.
And wasn't even there for the verdict being read. He was busy in LA on some of the air. Right. They all ripped him an ass on that.
Anybody that anybody looks like that just like Rimmer with that kind of like old sneaky kind of look and mustache like that. Don't ever trust anybody looks like that.
1213 at 560 WQYM when you shop for quality footwear. There's a store you are absolutely going to love.
They've been going strong for years and years in the same great location. And of course beyond the shadow of a dude.
We're talking about Brandy's in Pompeo Beach. You'll find the biggest selection of great name brand men's and women's shoes.
You'll find people that take good personal care to make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
And whatever brands you love, they got them. They got the top names and issue business. No off brands. They got rock ports, floor shine, SAS Spirry,
Timberland naturalized on all the other top brands to Brandy's is open daily nine till nine Monday through Saturday and every Sunday 10 to 5.
And you'll find them at 12 night in North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach. And all this week at Brandy's it's an even better time than usual to buy those great new ball and shoes.
Come in for great savings at all men's and women's styles this week or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com.
You're listening to me.
I'm
baby can speak. I'm sworn in. I've got a
fun in the oven. My movie's heard that today.
I'm creating now. I want to put some hot and
paper Jewish.
Oh yeah.
So
to be ready for
I'm gonna be a big fat cow
I'll put my battery
Can't wait to cleanse it as you see
I'm not the soon I feel new
This is something I know that I can't let's see
Gonna be on your mind cause the others are step-kiss
I'm watching one of my own cause the others are step-kiss
I'm hoping for a brand new clone cause I want more of a step-kiss
From 19 to 550 WMAT Dog 2 he'll tell you all about that team boss and about the press boss and about all that crap
Hey Goldberg at 4 of the Humper
You got Kel the Smoky bones and Volker tonight
70-10
What?
Plantation
Well it says Volker on my schedule here
They can't even get this right you know
They can't get anything right
Smoky bones in plantation?
See
Well how do you like that?
So go see a...
a Geltie
Say bye bye Geltie is a nice known him
He'll be at the 7-10
Edyk-10 o'clock
That's our schedule no ball games
No hockey games
No basketball games
Cause we don't got the heat
Now get back to that website
I think I noticed George's favorite website
capitalhealblue.com
Which I love
They do have like a sentence
You know
At the beginning of each story
Like a sentence maybe two
But not like half of the story on there
Like we were doing all that time
By the way it's fixed
So it's a...
Okay just relax now
This is not like the end of the world
I know Eric gets very hyper
He thinks it's a work of love
We understand that
He puts a lot of work into that
We appreciate it very very much
We appreciate having Romeo and the homey
And Chrissy Everdon there
That's great
And we like Cheney's package
Being on there
You've met her with that little girl
Who's doing
Gowdyling knows what to get her custard
That's not where the custard comes out of honey
421 votes on the poll
What worries you most about
Four more years of George W. Bush
In a second stole in election
I'll tell you one thing
You'll go down maybe
Not the best American president
Possibly the worst
But certainly the only one who served
One who got an office twice
I don't know how long he's going to serve
Who got an office twice
And it was never elected either time
That's unique
Laws of freedom
151 Supreme Court appointments
129 more worse 75
Nothing will be just fine
41 9.7% the draft 25
WQAM line 9
Hello
Neil
Yes sir
Hey, I was listening to that
What's that channel 2 program
Washington Journal or something
Yeah
Yeah, somebody called in on the
Neil Nazi line that said
They were asking people why they voted for Bush
And didn't then things like that
He said well I voted for Bush
And he started giving the old
Usual party line
And this and that
And they said well why didn't you vote for Kerry
And he said well obviously he's a Catholic
Oh that's a good reason
That made sense to me you know
Right
It makes more sense to anything else
The fact that these people
70% of them still think who's saying was
Hooked up with 9.11
Yeah
I don't know whether they really believe that
They're just the saying that
So they haven't excused because what it's all about is
You know
So in the Republican party
Right
That would be a good chunk of them too
You bet you got them in
Public by
See it to the border
Pali
5670560
Come on let's hear about that website
Let's hear about what it is that draws you in there
That sucks you in
Because we
I mean you know look you can
Lead the horse to water but you can't make them drink
And when I look at some of those stories
We've got like 20 people reading them a whole bunch of them
For example like over the weekend
What's the point?
Is it really worth that much effort for like 20 people to read it?
When you print a newspaper of 20 people we're going to read it?
Of course not
So I'm just trying to goose it up a little bit so
Or it can make a few thousand a night and retire pretty soon
Or at least go out and buy several more lunches every day
W and Q and hello
Neil
Yes sir
How did you check 60 minutes last night?
Did not do it now
They had the guy on that was in charge of the deadline file
From the get go he was fired from the CIA
Well yes something that's great that they do it a week and a half after the election isn't it?
I know it's amazing
Just like CNN do all these exposs again about the religious nuts in America
Which they've shown that 45 times
And also do the big thing about the crooked house of South and the Saudi world family
Even though it was a week show
But they do that all after the election is over after the horses out of the barn
I know it
I know it
They're doing it
I would call my friend who's the action on a friend of mine
But a guy that I do this was always talking about push down the back
I told him to put it on
And he says
Well it's okay if he's been line drops and he put a bomb on us
Well I'm going to have it so don't worry about it
Yeah
Can I see it the more
Okay Pally we're waiting for you
We got a welcome party
We'll put out the welcome mat we'll roll it out
And if you can really like it you can do a little curling on it too
I'd rather add it
WQAM hello
There we go
Now we just we'll try it for a couple days
And we'll see we can get the stats on here
We'll see if other people are going to read these stories
Or not probably just out of spite they won't
Well I don't know what they're going to be
I'll overexposed
That should get some interest
That's about about Cheney man
That's about your vice president who's got the
Whatever that's hanging in there
Who knows what the hell that is
Okay maybe it's like a prosthesis for all we know
Maybe that's what connects to his pacemaker
That could be the battery pack for all we know
WQAM hello
Yes sir
Good morning how are you
I'm okay
Good afternoon
Regarding your poll
I think one of the scariest things about this president is the fact that
I don't know if you remember his first press conference
Ohio
Yeah
And I think that if they do that and they have enough
I don't know if it's true because I don't think
I think these people are smarter enough than they stole it
And they like it again
They did it in 2000
That they would try it like they wouldn't leave a trail
But you can't leave a trail where there's no paper trail
That's the point
That's why I can Florida I talk to so many people
Who said they pressed carry and it kept coming up bush for two or three times
Until finally they hoped or thought they changed their vote
But who knows who knows what that was required
I never heard from anybody or about anybody
Who said they voted for they punched bush and it came up carry nobody
Three, six, well let's obey
Let's go
Well good, maybe the president can lead a fight for democracy in America again
Okay, he's bringing democracy to Iraq
Maybe he can bring it back to America
Huh?
Yeah
Remember those days when we used to actually have free honest elections or at least somewhat honest
Or at least more creative ways to steal them
I mean this one right again stolen right there
And where the hell is the media again?
All these stories about die-bowl to the college kids that hacked in their computers
All those stuff weeks and weeks and months before the election
They weren't talking about any of that
All once in a while you get a little piece on 60 minutes, 2020
That's it
So they're too busy talking about Kakar like Scott and Lacey Peterson
And about Operation Fallujah blood bath
And how wonderful it is
Now the city is how easy it was to go through it
Yeah, it was really easy just like it was easy going to rack in the first place
But everybody bailing out running for the hills
Of course did they get the terrorists they were looking for?
No
Did they get Alzar Kaui?
No
Did they get Mulla Bola Omar? Forget about Osano
They ain't got squat
But we got dead bodies and blood bath and butchery and rubble and body parts in the streets
That's what we've got
And your media continues reporting this like it was some glorious wonderful thing
Oh you can't say that because it sounds like you're criticizing the troops
Nobody's criticizing the troops
They're just doing what they're about to be ordered to do that's all
And the idea that over 50% of the public is willing to sit back in the name of God
And the name of religion promote this butchery and support it
And of course that's what's going on throughout history and the name religion forever
Ever since there's been these any other religions
Kill the enemy, kill the infidel
That's what the Muslims say kill the infidel
That makes them bad guys
These crazy glam say kill the infidel
Oh well that's you know we're killing them for Christ
That's God's way
There you go
That's God's way
And if those Iraqis just wouldn't have attacked us in the first place on 9-11
Maybe we might have a few of them still alive
Oh and by the way they're saying now forget about those elections in January and got a Chinaman's chance
29 past noon at 5-60 WQM if your carpets are really a nightmare
They look like they have no Chinaman's chance of being saved because they're so dirty
Before you go out and spend a fortune on brand new carpeting for your entire home
Do yourself a big favor call the people I've been using in my homes for over 20 years now
Drawed concepts because they're the best in the universe even they came to IOD
Remember WIOD?
Hey, they leave back in the day
No seriously we had a building that was about 7,000 years old
And they came in there they were sponsored and they had been on for years and years with me
But they came in there and they cleaned the downstairs carpeting there
They had been cleaned in about how many years?
About 30 men
And you couldn't believe it when they finished
You look like they had brand new laid right there in the floor
And believe me at IOD there was a lot getting laid on the floor
So and not only that but you don't have to worry about scams and additions to the price
When they finished the job because it's dry concepts
Not only do they do an unbeatable superior job like nobody else in the world
But they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the job
When they finish your carpets look just like brand new they smell like many fresh
They'd run just a couple of hours
So it's really not just a slogan it's a for real that you can clean today
And entertain tonight when you use our friends and dry concepts
Whether it's your carpeting your furniture draper your expensive oriental and area rugs
Believe you me these are the people you want to call
And they brought in Palm Beach you can call them toll free
1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
Dry concepts making carpets clean and soft flour to since 1979
You are listening to Neil Rogers in school history
I'm asking this game of AM
It's Howard
Howard Spam
Well my name is Gary Condon and I am living my worst year
Does it bang one of my interns and then she went and disappeared
Oh Sean really worth the price
When I went home to come side by
And I was mopping Sean drunk
Mopping her instead of my wife
I'm been shanker. Yeah, and I've lied about more. I was very kind to it doing anything more about him.
Maybe nobody alien, huh?
Nothing all of these things that the media gets everybody including you by the way speaking to alien whipped up into a
Like crap. What are you gonna do? Yeah, bring them back. Come on. I mean out the election has been stolen again
That's yeah, that's old news and now that we got rolling coal and power resigned today plus a whole bunch of other members of the cabinet have stepped on
I thought that's a five no four six members of the cabinet already departed
Because this person and I need a wartime console. Yeri
Now that he's gonna like completely disemboweled the Bill rights and the Constitution
We can't have any a name be pambi guys in there. That's why I like they cleaned out the CIA anybody who even like looked at them cross-eyed
Forget about it. You're out
Now they're doing the the push
Whatever the hell that was five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and you've arising in singular wireless line
Don't forget tomorrow we started ten
See the problem with that is we could stream the first hour, but they won't they won't do it
In other words, we have no control over that you understand yeah
Because aren't they streaming once on the air they're not streaming pre-delay, right? Although we don't stream howards
I mean it's possible what
You're streaming us at 10 you come on air be streaming
But you don't understand in other words we they would have to cooperate they would have to do it
Yeah, that would be the problem. Yeah, I hope that would be the problem getting cooperation from them or communication from them or anything from them
I
Think that's a great idea people want to listen to the show on the internet
We could start at 10 o'clock every day and I'll say again 70 with all the respect to Stern 70% of our audience doesn't listen to how it's turned
70% of this audience wants the near Roger show from 10 to 2 that's what I'm getting paid to do
I'm not doing like three hours only because I'm going on strike or something
Because a legal agreement has been entered into where obviously they agreed to carry the entire show with an avoidable lot of a
Curator the first place that's obvious. I don't need to see any contractors see that written out
It's obvious they got stuck out of that deal and so well, you know
We'll just put me along whatever the hell of howards read because the Howard I mean that's a future a QA and well guess what?
Yeah, the jokes on you sweetheart
He may not be the future like more than who knows from day to day and week to week what evil works, huh?
When he finally comes out one day and is the
Infinity's had enough a hammer serious buys them out of who now knows what as the publicity machine continues running now through the mill
Now what's the next trend come up? Do we have it on a calendar yet or not?
It is not on the calendar. No, because that's gonna be really interesting to see finally and I realize that
We had the hurricane month, you know all the hurricanes and they had like about five diaries came back and they were all right
Winged nose picking rednecks, which it didn't help us out
But that's gonna be really interesting because sooner or later something's gonna have to start materializing there to make this whole experiment even like
marginally worthwhile
Make blowing up the whole damn station over again at least before noon worth while again
Which they keep doing over and over and over and I will wind and scream and how about you bet your sweet ass
In fact, I'm just like John Kerry man with the election whipped out
There should never rolled over and played dead. I just whipped out and I apologize to myself for doing that
We should have said who the hell are you kidding? We're gonna come on whenever I help somebody else feels like it
It is unprecedented in the history of this business. There was no other talk show that ever has come on in the history of radio a
Broadcasting that starts in the middle of an hour like whenever I saw at a different time every day no less. It's just isn't done
It's impossible to maintain any kind of an audience that way you're stick it to us, baby. You're screwing us Greg
You're sticking the old hot poker in there. So deep man the bottom of my brain is seared from it even Brian's ears can't believe it
By the way the Eden Center is now should be called a sears Center the trend is eatin's huh the trends come out the 23rd who told you that
Somebody who told you that?
Duff monkey what that was he doing in there the dump-button monkey? Duff monkey. You really just called him?
Oh my god, I can't believe that yeah
And by the way, I don't want to tell you this Josh. Yeah, cuz you won't put on
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon Singular Rattles lines at least not yet WQM. Hello
Neil what's going on how you doing pali? Hey, I a great meal just as much as any other man
But he's not getting enough credit for his car. Oh road like move of moving delby the hockey went hockey season is on strike
Yeah, that was good
Yeah, I love you Neil bite
That sounded like maybe one of the former QM well or so many of no cheese
Can you imagine I mean I've been there seven years now the turnover if we just forgetting about discussion just name the names
We could go to two o'clock just naming the names of the people who've come and gone. Let's give it a shot
Or we could just like yeah, I love this
Son of a
Say you people at the FCA the government and of course a lot of you corporate owners to like team channel
You've destroyed what used to be a fun business used to be a great business for the people who listen to it the people who
Worked in it it used to be you know if you didn't like because you got about a half a dozen grave robbing and lunatic companies
That own air be damned radio station in America and if you don't like
Beasley what are you gonna do go to work to chief channel? Yeah, you'll see what evil is then man right
So who else kidding whom so that's why this whole serious and I'm gonna tell you know what it inspires me to you
Because I saved the story from Friday because probably a lot of people didn't hear the story on Friday should all radio be created equal
It's already underway for those who think that oh satellite radio serious XM
That's gonna be the I can hear whatever the hell I want and they can say all these words. Oh, guess what guess again

Don't show hope so fine when it's the end of the day
The day is the same
The freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads
Freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
The day is the same
5607-0560
560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines
WNQA and Hello
WNQA and Hello
Leo
Yes sir
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo I got three point to make
Leo I got three points to make
Leo some higher points to make
Leo I got three points to make
a new growing manga
Leo O put up with the Impressive
students change Dylan's powerful life verse at the end of the song to say that the
whole president Bush was going to die.
The life verse begins and I hope that you die and your death will come soon.
Secret serious agents interviewed Cabrera on Thursday determined what all the upper
was about whether any threats were being made against the president's life.
They were following up and doing their due diligence Cabrera said of the agent's visit.
They've been receiving calls from the community and of course the talk show felt like they
had heard the students inciting physical harm to the president.
Cabrera said he talked to the students and teachers who have been working with them and was
told the group which calls itself the coalition of the willing made no reference to Bush.
I don't know why it surfaced Cabrera said the complaints I think they're surprised by
all the allegations.
Cabrera said he also showed the agents the lyrics of the entire song.
The agents appeared who have left satisfied that no bona fide threat was being directed
at the president.
He said the principal said the students performance of the song at the town was your
opponent to express themselves.
Oh, forget about that.
That's ancient history.
That right.
And he did not think it was inappropriate in a campus setting.
A secret service spokesman cannot be reached for comment.
Cabrera announced the group did consider at one time naming itself the tally band.
A teacher persuaded the teens to drop the title because it was offensive.
He said the tally band.
That's cute.
I think that's cute.
That's pretty good.
The tally band.
Kind of like rhymes with Pally.
Hey, Pally band.
How about the Pally band?
I know who can be the lead singer.
Hi, how are you?
He'll sing for a supper and his breakfast and his lunch and all the in between snacks too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, not have any women called and they did wait no.
I'm going to sit back and take leftovers anymore.
This whole deal about the stern thing and about what's going on here.
This isn't just going to fly.
You see they think that, well, we'll just take the money and we'll just stick.
Everybody's going to keep quiet and put up with their crap until they figure out what
to do next when the next shoe drops.
Well, guess what?
They ain't going to happen, pops.
Okay, pops read that ain't going to happen no more because you've made too many,
40 deals with too many people, too many conflicting deals just like that thing they had with
Mo.
See, one thing about Mo, you can say whatever you want about Mo, but he must have a real
agent, a real lawyer and he must be a real hell-raiser, which we know that he is because
he don't sit back and take crap.
Remember when they moved his hours there from 6 to 9 until 5 to 8?
Well, guess what?
You notice that didn't sit very long.
And remember when George sent me up those emails?
Yeah.
And somebody almost got his ass fired because somebody was aranting and raving like crazy.
Even though everybody that was lying to me about it wasn't him but then he later admitted
it was him right to my face because they lie a lot.
Well, guess what?
That's the only way you're going to get the wheel to squeak at all and that places the
grease it, baby, the grease it big time.
That's what they've told me.
He says, if you want to move it, grease it.
And that's why I'm here.
I ran like hell when he said that.
Here's the facts.
Well, let's take a couple of calls and we'll get to this facts.
It's funny because this facts came in before the show.
And I was going to use it real early but it's nothing like Earth shaking.
Oh, and Bob Jones.
Oh, brother, talk about crazy glam.
See, the Bush victory is a reprieve.
Bob Jones, the turd, you turd.
President of the fundamentalist colors that Beerus's name is told.
President Bush should use his electoral mandate to appoint conservative judges and approve
legislation defined by biblical norm.
And your reelection got as graciously granted America, though she doesn't deserve it.
He reprieve from the agenda of paganism, Jones wrote Bush and it can graduate to a letter
posted on the university's website.
This is the same Bob Jones, of course, who told everybody that Catholics are a bunch of
whatever the hell they are.
Not to mention, of course, Alan Keys, who says that all those dicks are a bunch of hedonistic
perverts, including Dick Cheney's bull-dike daughter.
Come in to QAM.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Just one to come.
Say I love the show.
Thank you.
I just do it every day.
I don't get anything done between either ten and two or eleven and two.
Well, what do you think about that ten o'clock?
You think we should just draw the line in the sand?
What do you think we ought to do?
I think you're going to just make give us another great hour.
Okay.
It starts tomorrow.
Wonderful.
Be here.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
It starts tomorrow to radio station near you.
Ten to two.
That's the hours for this show.
Should I?
I think I did that as a poll.
What?
See what the people think?
Well, we've already done that.
Boy, you sure you must have Alzheimer's.
How many times have we done that?
About thirty-man.
We'll do it again tomorrow to make you happy.
All right.
How we saw it.
No, we have a problem now.
I was willing to sit back.
We cooperate.
We'll see how the hell this thing worked out.
But now, when somebody comes in this morning, some mysterious voice and passes long input
at Stern's going to be away all next week, meaning they think I'm going to come on
at ten o'clock.
Either we come on at ten o'clock all the time or we don't come on at ten o'clock any
time.
That's the way to do it.
I mean, whoever heard of any kind of show, radio show, TV, shortwave shows that show
up on your pop-up toaster that started to do whatever the hell they feel like at a different
time all the time.
Like everybody's got their own personal psychic.
Oh, kneels on now, you know.
You do.
Two days at a different time every day.
And especially the poll that we took that proved beyond a shadow of a death at seventy percent
of the audience doesn't listen to Stern.
I mean, it would be great if a hundred percent of the audience all listened to Stern.
Then everything would be fine.
It would be a...
Oh, we're fine.
You can feel it for an hour.
Huh?
Just two hundred and a ten.
Stick around and when you come on, you come on.
Force listenership.
They don't want to hear it.
Don't you understand?
Too bad.
If I quite frankly...
I don't want to hear it.
And guess what?
I have to know what you don't listen to it either.
I listen to it.
No, you don't.
You listen to Stern since when?
Boy, you listen to it.
I'll get sixteen.
Yo, what a suck up man.
What am I going to...
What else am I going to listen to?
I thought since Dermine left there, you might grow a little bit of a pair or something,
but it didn't happen.
Since you didn't have some bitch brow beating you and chasing you up and down a home,
well, why didn't you go into it?
It's embarrassing.
I always listen to our morning shows.
You don't like to hear you on a nine o'clock, though.
I was way too early here.
Up here is.
What scares you most about another four years of George W. Bush?
That's the poll.
784 votes.
Loss of freedom is 253.
Supreme Court appointments to 11.
See that tremendous relationship there.
Side by each.
More wars, 112.
Nothing.
It'll be fine.
81.11.5% of you idiots out there.
Or everything's fine.
We're optimistic.
The draft 37 and terrorist attacks 10.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQN.
Emerald coast itself for this best Asian buffet and they're the look at us.
It says on here that the end date for this copy is October 29.
Who's screwing up this account now?
This must be Skippy.
What the end of the more now.
What do you mean by that?
Is he gone?
Yeah.
Skippy is canned.
No, he went to TV.
Skippy is gone.
I didn't even realize that.
Well, so now we have nobody servicing Emerald coast.
I don't know what to say here because I don't want to do lobster festive.
It's not continuing in November.
This copy ended October 29 about lobster fest.
Well, then we get up and find that who the new guy.
What is that going to do for me right now?
The next 60 seconds or less.
Wing it.
Oh my God.
Lobster, bisquins, Jonas Stone, crab and roasted duck and grilled.
See, yeah.
All of those things were going on during lobster festive.
So go into yourself for Emerald coast and fight out with the lobster festives.
Just go on.
Stay to Richard.
Hey, listen, we know you're not paying any attention to hockey right now because they're not playing.
And he was a big leaf fan.
But we'd like to know what's going on here.
And so would Neil.
You'll love the Emerald coast because the service is impeccable.
They give you a fantastic feast.
Six different kind of soups.
Dozens of great delicious entrees like New York strip made order grilled salmon.
Handcar prime rib cooked order.
Just the way you like it.
All kinds of new Thai specialties too.
And the best part of the Emerald coast number.
They give you so much great delicious food at a very reasonable price.
But you'll never walk out of there with a headache just to full stomach because they
don't use any crap.
They cook only with the best ingredients.
Collector all three orals.
No MSG.
No cornstarch.
No crap.
You'll find a full salad bar, a full Chinese food line of an brand new Suci bar too.
And after all of these things, you have still any room left in your public.
They have a fantastic dessert station featuring Belgian waffles and pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit.
Usually we have some watermelon waiting for you there too.
Three Emerald coast location for you.
This is unbelievable.
The fact that to talk about schlock radio schlock you locked into a baby.
Give us the lock and radio schlock.
Man, talk about servicing our fine accounts.
How many years they've been out with me Emerald coast?
About 30, man.
Three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, sunny hours in Pemberp Pines.
So take the whole family for really enjoyable feast or book your next business luncheon right now.
Take out and delivery always available too.
Emerald coast was voted number one by Zagat Restaurant Reviews and WSVN News.
As South Florida's best Asian buffet and believe me, a try once in your degree.
It is a feast.
Call them in 954-572-3822.
954-572-3822.
And be sure to come that Skippy Center to the Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
You are listening to meaningful meal lunches exclusively on 560-7AM.
You dredged back in?
Welcome back to our 19th of the Owl Franken Show.
I'm Owl Franken.
If I'm Catherine Lamford.
Now it's been brought to my attention that I don't know how to do a radio show.
Well, let me assure you that this is cutting edge radio.
And to illustrate what I referred to as a theater of the world.
In the mind, we have for you today a new Robert Smigel cartoon.
See, he always, always a panic.
Could you roll that for us please?
Oh, look at that.
Now this is hilarious.
I can't stress enough.
Now funny.
And at retaining this can be.
Oh, I thank you for that.
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
And I am certain our audience did as well.
Now, do we have a break?
Is this a weak break or a strong break?
Another weak break?
Okay.
When we come back, we'll be joined by TV legend,
Super Sales, who will engage us in a fight fight.
26-2-5-60 WDQM Happy Monday to it.
Here's Cindy who says I'm one of your few female listeners.
How many of you got, Cindy?
But I just wanted to say that I absolutely agree with you about having your show start right at 10.
We're going to do a poll on that tomorrow.
We're going to get this all weeded out.
Especially before next week comes in that whole Stern on vacation thing next week.
You talk about a slap in the face.
In other words, you sit there and dummy up until Stern gets done, the Howard Meister.
And then you can come on with your silly ass show.
But if he doesn't happen to be there, you're supposed to be on a 10.
But that's basically what this deal boils down to.
And if I had like a real agent instead of someone who posted pizza burger eating clown,
anyway, Cindy says your show should start at 10.
I finally got a job where I can listen to each day.
It drives me crazy wondering when Howard will finish.
Well, you can imagine how we feel, Cindy.
On another note, when you get back to town, if ever.
I'd love to take you for pizza at the pizza lot.
So I can speak with someone who's got something interesting to say.
You're the best.
Well, thanks for the offer, Cindy.
But I don't know, pizza lot.
Will we hear from him anymore?
No.
What's the name of that place?
Pizza Watt?
Yeah, I don't...
I like Tony's a lot.
I think that great stuff.
Tony's been...
Who's bringing you guys food lately?
Oh, we've been doing the Howie thing.
Yeah, well, that's...
Yeah, Howie's is great.
I don't want to like diminish their...
How well they've treated us and everything.
But you need to get like a little variety in there.
Oh, we do.
Try to mix it up.
Yeah.
Like Atlantic City subs maybe?
AC or Tony's Brad.
Good guy.
Brad over Tony's Brad is great.
You know, Brad doesn't call down on the show.
He doesn't whore the show.
He's just a great guy.
He just wants to feed us.
And once the mom will give him a little plug and that keeps him very happy.
And that's it.
Here's the fact that we got early people.
Oh, and you'll be pleased at all.
I think I saw the dilemma.
The people who read our website look at it.
They're USA Today crowd.
They want some color pictures on there.
1835.
I don't think we will make 2000 on the Cheney Pick on this story overexposed by two o'clock.
We'll make it.
You think that in the history of our website we've ever had 2000 people
even during an entire day.
Read any story we've had on there?
No.
No.
I have no way of knowing that, but I would gravely doubt that.
Seriously doubt it.
So they want to see like, you know, a little flash, a little flash, a little something, man.
They want to see boobies.
They want to see packages.
Even one that might explode in their face.
Yeah, that's what they want to see.
So we'll get to 2000 on that.
So that's where we need to be more creative.
But the website right now looks better.
I think we're moving in the right direction.
Now that we got Eric off his big fat lazy ass.
Tested joke, Eric.
Don't get all up to your great.
You're sensational.
We love you.
You're very temperamental and emotional.
You got a very, very thin skin for a fat guy like you.
Very thin skin.
Here's the facts.
And on side to I notice hope you see this.
Even I'm sending it before your show.
I work in an all it's about cancer and over.
Why am I reading this?
And he's doing a real commercial.
The uncle funny's on state road 84 in your pile on a pile on a, a pile on a sports bar going by that name.
Sofa King.
I heard the ad on Zeta several times.
And my first reaction was the irony of something like this airing on a clear channel station.
But I guess money talk.
They're assuming that since turn is gone.
The monitors are no longer listening out there.
The evil doers.
And it goes on about this.
And it says how can I if it's okay to use the sofa.
King bit as a commercial.
It says maybe joy.
So let you start playing fart sounds during your life's box.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I didn't know. He couldn't have been there for any of the reason not because he had any idea. So not only was it...
Troy!
...but also Skippy. And of course we know about...
Roy!
...and...
...she probably had to take some time off like, you know, recuperate.
He'll up all her wounds.
Her war wounds.
Presbyterian churches in the United States have been put on high alert after letter received at the Church's Louisville headquarters.
Threaten arson attacks because of the Church's policy toward the Middle East.
A church spokesman said the letter threatened to set churches on fire while people inside...
Oh, I see, set the churches on fire while people were inside. This is very poorly written.
In retaliation for anti-Israel and anti-Jewish attitudes, the spokesman said the letter had no return address but was postmarked Queens, New York.
The Church's general assembly decided in June to begin the process of selective divestment from corporations supporting the Israeli occupation of Gaza and the West Bank.
An FBI spokesman said the agency's investigating the letter with help from the Bureau of ATF.
How do you like that?
They threatened to set them on fire with people inside in retaliation for anti-Israel and anti-Jewish attitudes.
I think the letter writer had a point.
Don't you?
And Bob Jones III, he's against everybody except his own flock there in Greensville, South Carolina.
He says, you've been given a mandate, put your agenda on the front burner and let it boil.
You owe the Liberals nothing they despise you because they despise your Christ, said the letter to the Indian November 3rd.
So any Christian out there, anybody who believes that for retails about Christ, Bob Jones is well, forget about that.
You're not part of our crowd, our clan.
Jonathan Pate spokesman for the University said the letter was placed on the school's website because Jones had read it to students in chapel and many had told their parents about it.
He said last Thursday, Jones did not receive the response from the White House.
Pate said it would be a misreading of letter and think that everyone who voted for the Democrats is a pagan or that if you voted for John Curie, the Spieser of Christ, for example, there are those who voted for John Curie because they opposed the war in a rackpate, said, Dr. Jones did not intend to paint everyone with that broader brush.
See, they're only like trying to cover their tracks and their ass after this got out because one thing about Bob Jones University, man, they may not be good, but they're consistent.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
Exactly.
You're listening to meaningful neo-rogerous ex-scloset-lay on 560-CAM.
A lot like half little boy.
No.
Bob, I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having a Bruce Lee?
We are having a sale on Cabral.
We have had about many flavors.
I'm a brave dad, there's not this.
Okay, I'm telling you everything.
I'm just kidding, baby.
But I'm on the side, I'm thinking.
Jesus, screw it, we're going to women in back.
It is only because they spend so bad.
You can play the group for reactions of a group, but we don't want to drink out of it.
We will.
We like our food.
We start bringing food to the beach.
I think about my beer, feel my face to be red.
Red.
Red.
Red.
You're going to excuse me now, I'm ready.
Red.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, red.
Red.
Red.
Red.
Red.
Red.
Red.
Red.
I'm 46-14-0-2.
We're going to make it, I think.
1910 views of the Dick Cheney photo overexposed.
All he's doing is getting like a little soft serve.
1910, that was his of 20.
So we can easily do that by 2 o'clock.
Thank no problem.
Yeah, no problem.
Hands down, hands down your pants.
Speaking of that, airport X-ray sees through clothing.
Why sure?
Hopefully they don't try this out on the Vice President.
A new X-ray machine at London's Heathrow Airport
which sees through passengers clothing
has been attacked by civil liberties campaigners
as a voyeur's charter.
The machine uses low-level radiation to see through clothing,
producing an anatomically detailed black and white image
of the body underneath.
Great job.
Huh?
It's a great job.
I was just going to play something that I realized
I can't even play it.
Or she says, you call that a f***.
We can't even say that word anymore.
The P word.
Joyce, you're such a childish, uptight bitchman.
You are so, how do we even, how do we even do a show with
under these restrictions?
You know what?
It's ridiculous.
Because Doug told me that he even he, Joyce,
and also he's very concerned with that word.
George!
He's obsessed with it.
Capable of detecting solid objects, concealed under clothing,
it started a four-month trial in October.
Randomly pickpast years are asked if they'll volunteer.
See, they're not going to do this like,
force it on you yet.
If you're volunteering to be scanned by the machine.
Of course, if you volunteer then,
one would have to assume you're carrying a lot of objects
and you said, you want to conceal.
What a crock.
I stood in front of the screen and they took three pictures
and different positions and said,
passenger perneal, nilsen.
I don't mind if the pictures are a little more personal.
As long as I'm safe in the air,
that's what matters, she told Reuters.
Another passenger Marie Love said,
it's all about being safe and I really have no problem with it.
A spokesman for BAA Heathrow said 98% of participants
gave positive feedback.
But British Civil Rights Group called Liberty
called the X-ray images unjustified and intrusive.
You call that a f***.
We obviously did not object to taking security measures,
but I remain totally unconvinced that it's necessary,
as spokesman said,
to justify the intrusive near-portrait show
current detectors are inadequate.
It's an obvious invasion of people's privacy
and say, voyeur's charter.
They just want to see some big boobs and some packages
and laugh at people.
Right?
Yeah, what's the harm in there?
Right, of course, who wants to see about the saggy boobs?
Most of the women are seen over there in England.
Every see a British woman with hot boobs very seldom.
Beyonce?
Is she British?
No.
You're not British?
Come on.
Beyonce?
Yeah, Beyonce is a bulls.
That's just a bulls.
Yeah, Elizabeth Hurley, very nice.
Hurley?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Beyonce is because she's black this minute they couldn't be British.
But she's definitely not British though.
Well, I just said she was okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Britt rhymes with.
Tweet.
The American Transport Security Administration,
which is considered using the machines at US airports,
echoed liberties concerns, there are a number of privacy issues
that need to be addressed before we would do field tests.
That's what the D on the end, field tests they spoke to them and said.
Scanners currently looking for concealed weapons or explosives
on passengers have shown limitations in the past.
Traditional luxury machines used to scan baggage have often struggled
to identify plastic explosives accidentally sounding alarms when detected,
chocolate, cheese, and peanut butter because of their similarly dense nature,
the explosive semtex.
Heathrow, which for security reasons, is inclined to say how the new X-ray machine
improves on current scanners, denies the machine could cause embarrassment.
It's very low dose X-ray.
The images are not stored.
It's same sex operated, and the operator that sees the image will not see the person
said the airport's postwoman.
Yeah, but what about if you walk through the novel of Sydney here like,
in the back of my locker course?
Even though maybe they don't know what the world's supposed to be.
You walk through this camera.
Oh my god, you see that?
Oh, a cow.
That's like cow.
You understand?
Not something I'm still directing myself to this week.
5.670560.
It's got a long story here, but it's very depressing about all the city lying in ruins
and fallujah in about the rubble in the dead bodies and the body parts.
They can't tell you how many dead civilians are, because they got like body parts
all over the city, and just in midst of the rubble, and people are going to go
eventually try to go home to where their homes used to be.
They're going to, oh, not there, no more.
No house.
No possession.
I ain't got no body.
That's what they're singing in the streets of fallujah.
But it was a great operation, baby.
It was wonderful.
It was Operation Iraqi Freedom Part Two.
Yeah.
And they're saying, oh, those elections in January.
Forget about that.
You're listening to the new little Rogers exclusively on 5.60.
8AM.
Edith Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
I supported Bush after that tragic day, and to my surprise, this custom shame,
he let the soldiers in belated get away and shifted the blame to the dumb who sang.
We're not Japan.
We're not Japan.
They're not the ones for what happens.
What's going on with this pandemic?
We're not Japan.
The events can't happen as all having fallen.
As his red freedom, the point of the human.
The bloody body problems have only just begun, but they are geese, and have a burden.
Leave this beast and they are kids to die.
And the drooling mudwats still support the sky.
In advanced stages, the police must be the reason why.
They believe your truth is Jesus Christ.
We're up you, Pai, and I, R.
We have our dad.
We're not the ones who are down.
We're going to drag.
What's going on with this drag?
We're up you, Pai, and I, R.
Boy, Charles, what are you doing?
Hey, so many big patients.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
Everybody knows it's hard work.
We've done a lot of hard work.
I see on the TV screen how hard it is.
Yeah, I would go right.
Yeah, it's hard to say it too.
It's hard to even just speak in English language, sometimes hard work.
Especially when you're illiterate.
It's about three and a half till two.
Mad dog coming along at two o'clock.
He's going to blow off some steam about that dolphin team bus
and about Harvey, a green and fudge brown and all this other Kakarayan.
Very uptight organization.
And of course, that's even when they're winning like in the past.
Remember those days?
No.
Well, I mean, way back when, back in the day.
No, seriously, even when they had winning seasons, it was like,
ah, in fact, way way back in the old IOD days, you know,
you'd have a press-pasting winery.
You go in a stadium and it's like when adults,
when the marlins are playing not too bad.
You know, they're a little more even when back in the John Henry Day.
Well, the dolphin thing is like like a stop-oh, man.
I mean, you, they, they, they greet you.
Where are you going?
And who are you?
All this other crap, you know?
How do you know?
Because I used to go back in those days.
What are you talking about?
I used to be a season ticket order that I spent my own money, man.
What are you talking about?
Well, the last time you went to a game.
Lost several years ago.
Well, until I finally decided it was a bunch of crap.
The manager's still playing back there.
831 votes.
Don't be sucking up to manage, okay?
He, he is, he knows all about you.
It's a matter of fact, I notice, we need another 24 by the way.
In the next three minutes, we'll never make it.
Well, the next to last 10 minutes, we got a shot.
But I notice there's a thing on there for the Q&M for the store,
you know, to order like the best stuff.
Why is that still on there?
I don't know.
You can still order.
Take that off.
Why, do we still have the CDs and the keychains?
Yeah.
We do?
Yeah.
Well, I'm just so, I think that's a good idea.
Let's get the new thing going.
Okay.
All the stuff, not all of it, but a lot of the stuff that we can't play on the air anymore,
speaking of sofa, king, and so many others in there.
And then we could put the unexper- the uncensored versions of the Bokka brand stuff
that had the full words of, we could make a great new CD of that for the new year.
It doesn't have to be done the time we used it.
We can do it anytime.
There's no limitation, right?
Whatever you want.
I mean, you know, just the fact that every day could be the last on the station
who the hell knows.
But it's something we can at least think about or talk about pretending
and we're going to do something good.
Let's do it.
Yeah, let's do it.
Let's do it.
Raise some money for a band of pet rescue, okay?
Okay.
832 votes.
What scares you the most about another four years of George W. Bush?
Laws of freedom is 303.
Supreme Court appointments 248.
More wars, 125.
Iran, Syria, North Korea, Costa Rica, right?
Nothing.
Denmark.
Nothing.
It'll be fine.
995.
1.5% of this crowd say, oh, don't worry about four more years of Bush.
It'll be fine.
Oh, yeah.
It'll be fine for me because I won't be there.
The draft 47 and terrorist attacks.
14.
Oh, my God.
I'm worried about more terrorist attacks.
Well, this is a crowd in there.
Crowd of lunatic fanatics that are stirring the pot and stirring everybody up all over the world.
You know, we didn't play one more time today?
Oh, thank God.
Andrew, open screen.
Hello, senior controversy stage.
Larry, don't do it.
Well said, Sally, okay, we got the mad dog.
Next the operate for trick.
We got Giehli and Smokey bun in plantation at 7 at 8 to the K, at 10 o'clock tonight.
Don't forget tomorrow is going to be D day.
Will the lady of the card's on the table?
Yeah.
That was doing it.
George can shuffle, and you can do it.
Bye bye bye!
OW...
Woah, my toothbrush, your processor.
Maybe you still have a door to your wardrobe.
Montgomery's Fortnite all day long.
Battledmbrely meg bet-
A-HO survivor.
