Friday, you bastard!
I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I'm not a dog, I
just won't go away. Oh, Jay just refuses to disappear every time when we think we get rid of him, he just keeps popping up again like a nightmare.
Hey, as soon as I'm talking about how he murdered those people and given this celebrity status and all his money back
Oh, you don't think he really did it to it?
Before we do anything else I want to urge everybody who's anywhere near a computer right now. Yeah before they take it off
Well, we don't know what it is we don't you show did you so Josh that picture with everything? I witnessed everybody and what is it?
It's are you tell me okay? No, man the article in the New York Post this morning says OJ blames Nicole
Now if you go to nypost.com New York Post.com just NY post and
Click on under the news stories where it says OJ blames Nicole just click on a link to that story and the story will pop up
And there is a picture next to the story
That is captured OJ Simpson now
We only could wish that he's starting to deteriorate that badly if that really could be him there must be a guide, you know what?
No brother
That is
Maybe somebody can tell us what that is a costume a costume
I
Mean we know why time made those OJ so black how come the post made him so light and bizarre but anyway oh wait
I got it. Yeah, this is some other guy named OJ Simpson. Well, there you go. Maybe this is the real killer
Anyway, here's a letter from New Times. We got a lot of OJ stuff coming. We got the great event Sustor and Brown
Schwartz is gonna be interviewing him on Fox. She already did the interview and every publication in America is just ripping him and asked today
Which we love we hate you OJ like poison isn't that ironic that scruand came in for a wear guest appearance before the show this morning
To beg and ask me a favor, which of course I granted how can we turn her down?
Roy in that ironic that one of the OJ liquors in the building
Scruand was in there just a little while ago
Here's a letter from my good close personal friend Michael Cohen whoever he is he's the publisher of new time a Miami new times
I didn't realize it's called Miami new times whatever whatever it is a handout
Dear Mr. Nearajers allow me to congratulate you as you undoubtedly already know you were selected best
AM radio personality by readers in new times 16th annual best of my issue the eagerly awaited annual issue
Which flew off news stands is now in the hands of 350,000 readers many of whom will consult at frequently in coming months from
More than 16 years southward as most authoritative guide to good living best of Miami is a keeper that readers stung through again and again
For the sixth consecutive year new times best of my issue also offers you additional exposure to potential customers
Consumers can now access the entire best of my issue on our archival website
Miami times the Viyadi Adiyadi Adiyab dot com the site provides an invaluable reference to web surfing readers
They make shopping and entertainment choices throughout the next 12 months again
Let me congratulate you in such a highly competitive marketplace
It's not for them to be single out as our readers favor is truly something to be proud of best wishes for another great year
sincerely Michael Cohen publish your new time as well as that as thank you Michael for wherever you are
Sounds like a good Jewish boy don't it sounds like it to me
I won't be voting for George Bush by the way Bush and a pope over there sitting side by each now
Which one's got the Tony and Ed Berah? Wow?
Who's the most incoherent of those two?
Abu Gharr Raib yeah
Anyway, here's the a pull result for me yesterday before we get to all this other OJ stuff anybody out there wants to take a
Look at that picture. Maybe you can enlighten us as to what that is maybe we're missing something
What is it? I don't know is it alive? Is it a thing makeup?
Is it?
It'd be a have to be a hell of a I could understand like the face part, you know, but the neck looks like the guy that runs the ring toss at the youth fair
Yeah, I know which ring it is too. That's the one buff was talking about this morning
Here's yesterday's pull result
What's some people ever ring around the collar? So I have ring around the vacuum?
What's offload of TV radio TV personnel needs to return next? That was our pull question yesterday
1440 votes plus and the obvious winner there was no doubt Ricky Tiki Sanchez
627 they hate you like poison Rick. They want you to retire
Now it's not sooner and that's your yours my god. What an abortion
Kelly Craig and we say this with great regret and the dismay because we love Kelly. Can we love you Kelly?
Don't take it personal. She might make today's pull to his matter of fact
She might see that's bad especially since you already wrote around there. Yeah
Well, at least we're keeping our name alive anyway. Kelly Craig 144
Spilky's the ray 122 probably the most anxious of the mall on channel seven and it covers a lot of territory
The right lot of Dale 96 since he shaved the mustache off. They just don't like him no more since they took Anne's body back to the accrimatorium
Tony's to Greto 91 silly Tony
Maryland Mitchell old cat eyes bitch 46 big drop off there between Tony and Maryland Mitchell
Al sunshine the old hamcock boy on channel 443 and they still hate you with the Florida now like poison
In fact, I've here I've ever good in order breakfast. They might have something real special for you
Michelle Gillen 39 tied with Brian Noracross. I think that's a good pairing those two since you courses the number one fag haggin town
Ike Siemens 37 speaking of that Miss Hurkheimer Jack Hurkheimer of W of PVT channel two public television got 35
He's got his eye to the sky
He's got his eye to your flat to the sky Angela raised guy 30
I'm so I thought you did I'm better when you think or maybe they just view her is uh get a little bit of humor. That's why vote comic relief
Lonnie Quinn 29 they don't like you Lonnie. I don't know who you are, but they sure don't like you
Bob mayor 26 nice to see little Bobby our good friend drop down the list. They don't want Bob to retire
They like seem little guy sitting on a phone book
Elliott Rodriguez 19
I guess the audience doesn't share my dismay and discuss and content or maybe nobody watches channel four news
Jennifer Volopy 15 with her massive gigantic ego and Olisha Lane is in last place with seven
And Miguel was saying they're ain't nothing wrong with Olisha Lane never heard of and we don't have no idea who she is
But if Miguel says it well, this probably a problem
Anyway getting back to OJ we're gonna be OJ intensive the inquirer comes out
Got it in my hand right now and there are zillions and zillions articles about OJ and his daughter route
Uh, they got into a big cat fight with him and all this other crap
I pretty hell's that headline daughter attacks OJ Simpson. I love that don't you love it?
And then when you're coming to fight out that to honor the memory
No, I guess I'll be me now. I was gonna get to Natasha Hensridge. I better do that right away. I do
A lot of desperate horny guys out there
Natasha Hensridge is behind our beaded curtain today on Neurongers.com if you owe the age of 55
If you have 72 pieces of ID photo ID only accepted and if John ascroft don't like go tilt when you click onto what you might be able to take quick peak
It's all there for you. She was born August 15th 1974, which makes her almost
Right there boot close to the 9ish the 29 and the two turrets Natasha Hensridge was born in sprained the El Nufanland Canada, eh?
And boy she's got I got a pages here man. Wow. Wow. Wow. She's been everything all over the place
Sometimes credited as the chick from the species
Yath what I call yes, she was in the whole ten yards chances to that power and beauty she spies
Writers mostly true stories girl three guys in a gun
Yeah, I thought scruand was in that one
Kevin of the north ghost of Mars better way to die second skin bounce
Jason the Argonauts that had to be ju you oh just just too many
Kill what does it kill you twice?
Bella Donna species two standoff maximum wrist species 1995
And a zillion tv appearances like the LH with Craig killborn Jimmy Kim alive and Sharon Osborne showing on the so Natasha Hensridge is on our thing today
And if you're lucky, maybe she'll be on your thing tomorrow
What is this thing that you just thanked me about thus experiment? Is this something worth my looking at or not?
We were talking about it before but
Somebody mentioned the real experiment you saw it on the news coverage when this whole abu abu garrad
Story first bro kabal
Oh, that's what I don't want to go we have to move you out now. I don't want I saw that way. I don't want to go back to that
I saw the movie it's boring
At any rate oh jay let me just do the oh j thing here real quick
Or should I do today's pool? I guess we'll do today's pool first just to give you something to like now
Maybe somebody's already looked at that picture you think it has an idea who that is WQM oh j line hello
Hey, they are you doing I got an oh j story that I ran by him and I hate that bastard
Yeah, I used to work at the king colon my am beats of the condominion
He used to come in there for a friend of his to go on his boat and he walks up with his
Lincoln navigator gets all limping out and one of my co-workers tells him um
Could I have your autograph and I was right next to him and he goes you wanted to to me
And I was like no, so he got a friend and he goes why I said I'd rather have um child men since you know autograph
And he got the cover he walked away and then I go at least he admitted it, you know
Lower and he didn't he heard me, but I said I know enough so he I thought he did it
So he went and got me fired because of that man. He got you fired
Yeah, I got fired because then the next day the boss come you know the man who lived there
I'm not gonna say who it is, but he lived in between 1008 and 1010 and
And um
He didn't be a little more specific
I see
But I hate that bastard. I'm actually my want to put down his grandmother's throat
Okay, well that sounds like something
Why punish grandma, you know she didn't kill anybody
She didn't get you know of yeah
Any great
Maybe that's just in the picture
Maybe Josh Beckett out of here something about that maybe that might oh, that's a home. It's not gonna get better than that today. I know
All right problems are already in at home. Well, you're sure thanks to me a lot of stuff
Have you ever want seen this website? No your call radio no, or you might want to check it out
I was listening to waxy 790 this morning. I just can't imagine why and they had a show produced by this radio station
Was interesting to talk by David Corton
I don't have any idea what that means or what that's all about and quite frankly
Okay, here's our pool today. Who's your all-time favorite fat person that are alive and we're not just talking about fat like me or Mo
We're talking about real fat now. We got some people on our station you qualify like the Humper right the beast
You know the beast and the Mo now are bonding in see the beast and Mo have a lot in common
And that is they they both keep they both keep wandering around trying to find somebody that they can latch onto now
The beast has been rejected by far out by Joe Rose by yours truly again now by Mo several times
But it looks like the two of them are like it looks like they're
Getting back together again. I'm pleased to see that some of you want to send them a congratulatory message
Does anybody have any idea who that picture is before I do the poll? No, WQA and hello
I was John Candy
Now that's a psychic collar because the first name I held they're already calling for the poll
I was just still curious about the OJ picture in the post John Candy
Kelly Craig
Dave Dixon
Big Wilson or Marlon Brando those are the first five names that we have for list and then you folks can add several thousand more
11 o'clock Dave John is gonna be calling because we got the Belmont tomorrow
My
We're sports radio five six East UAM
I just got
Times up
Coming to a theater and possibly a family near you
Yay after tomorrow
There's a
Sky
The homosexuals coming at me right now
There's woman right
We're on the other
We're so much
God
This is the entire line of the
The realization of gayness is sweeping across the planet
Cononus after coming at nation after nation state after state
Well, just one state so far, but that's just the beginning
There everywhere my god
The government oh my god, I can't believe it
There are even here one
Starting years ago with Ellen the generous now it's a homophobic event of global proportions
It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming gay or tolerating anyone who is
George W. Bush stars in the biggest blackbuster of the summer
Jay after tomorrow
Be there when it comes out and theaters this summer
Abu gai
Ten eighteen at five sixty W.D. Q.A.M. and an interview marking the 10th anniversary of Nicole Brown Simpson's murder
The anxious O.J. Simpson virtually blames his ex-wife for her own slaying the clearest Kobe bride and jack O innocent
Appears to mock the idea of date rape and plugs his own tacky reality TV show says the New York Post with his very bizarre picture
What is it?
It could be him
And based on what?
Based on that's how he goes out so that he don't get recognized
Right the disgraced grid legend makes the offhanded comments and a team interview with Fox news channels
The grotesque look and Greta van Sustor and Brown Schwartz speaking about how he's handled the anniversary of his wife slaying Simpson says
He's angry with Nicole for keeping an unsavory social set in 1994
The year a knife wielding a silent him slaughtered brown and rodentable golden outside her Brentwood condo
I'm angry with Nicole. I'm angry that she found herself hanging out with this group of who are these people Simpson said
I could count on my fingers the times I've seen Faye Resnick and this is a group of nomads
I guess then Nicole started hanging out with after we were divorced and her mother didn't like him
Van Sustor and Simpson taped their 44 minute chat recently at a hotel in Miami
During the interview which years Monday at 10 p.m. Simpson shamelessly plugs a prank reality TV show
He claims to be developing Simpson compared it to MTV show featuring actor Ashton Kuchikuchi Kuchikuchi pulling stunts
It's a takeoff on something called punk. It's me doing gag's as juice
Juice what they call juicing people he said on a scale of one to ten. It's seven or eight that it's gonna happen
Oh Jay. I forget. He'd call it stabbed
Oh Jay had harsh words for almost everyone involved in his trial saving his most blood attack for it in his brown
Who runs a foundation for her sister's memory? He claims she's profited from Nicole's murder
I'm sure the income is down on a foundation that she works for which I would imagine makes her income go down
Simpson said I don't think anyone's bills have been paid more than denies is from what came from the trial
Whatever that means
Simpson also comments on the prosecutions of NBA star Kobe Bryant and king of clop Michael Jackson
He believes both are innocent
Bryant is accused of raping a hotel employee Eagle County Colorado. Why Jackson's been invited for allegedly
molesting a young cancer victimized year in Santa Barbara County
As far as I'm concerned they bride and Michael Jackson are innocent till proven guilty. OJ said just like him
In commenting on Bryant's case Simpson appeared to mock the concept of date rape saying no doesn't always mean no
I've certainly in my life had girls come to the room and say no or say whatever and when I was a kid growing up
Just about every girl said no once the laughing Simpson said you know
They had to because you think that they were slaughter something in my opinion date rape and stranger rape are two different things entirely
So no doesn't always mean no
I'll be right that Grizzly June 12th anniversary next week Simpson said he and the two children in the coals sitting 18 and just in 16 have already
Toasted their mom's memory
This is the best part
I don't look at the anniversary ever greet the fact that we ever had to know that this is the anniversary
I did mark the occasion a few days ago. I didn't have my kids at dinner at a Benny Hanatite place. I guess he liked the colorary
And I said okay, we got a toast. This would have been your mother's 45th birthday if I wouldn't have killed the bitch
I mean
Well
Now do we figure out who that picture is yet? No
Line nine probably knows wq. I am back. Ecclesi
Jackie Gleason the last little watch out for the fat pool. I see
Why do you got two possibilities now come on you got to take a look at this thing in my post.com
OJ blames Nicole
What is it Eric? Do you want him to post it? Yeah, that's not a bad idea
Maybe Eric will get around to do a man
Well, it's speaking of Eric in his Japanese wife. You're going to be very relieved to hear this before we get back to all this other stuff
You are going to breathe a sigh of relief when you hear this story from USA today. Okay
No sex please were Japanese. I think a pardon
To an astonishing degree astonishing not just ordinary pedestrian kind of interesting, but an astonishing degree as in oh my god
Right the sexes are going their opposite ways in Japan young women are revolting
I see revolting against the visual role of a beaten housewife opting instead to live at home and shop and socialize with girlfriends
Startled men are retreating in the solitary ways check ins of the countries famed love hotels are even falling as birth rates
But a social crisis looms in Japan. Yeah, that is a really
Says nothing is happening these days with depressing regularity between Japanese men and women
Junko Saki was nervously looking forward to a romantic getaway with the man she'd been seeing
But when they arrived at the seaside hotel last fall her boy requested separate rooms stunned
Saki nevertheless anticipated a late night knock on the door. It never happened
Nothing happened the Tokyo writer said
Mirages birds and hanky panky are all spiraling downward with troubling implications for Japan's future
Of sagging birth rate means that if you were working age people would be around the support a growing population of the elderly a social crisis looms
Now the reason George will be relieved is that his daughter's going to be on one of those student
Whatever they call those program programs. Yeah, right
For student exchange things and she's going to be in the Tokyo. I'm assuming Tokyo right not gonna
Oh, well over there. They're doing like crazy. Oh seriously
In a 2001 survey
Condom maker dulex found that Japan ranked dead last among 28 countries in the frequency of sex the average Japanese had sex
Just 36 times a year. Hong Kong was next to last with 63 guess who was number one
America
Yeah, you got it 124 times a year. No, I just guess it
Americans ranked number one frequency of sex. They're horny. They're a desperate. Well, um, of course we are talking blow up dollars and things like that
How about Chris Farley for the pull formerly alive and from Saturday night live, so Steve
Okay, you got a lot of a lot of fat comedians a lot of fat mostly dead comedians because like we said over and over again
How about Don De la Wies
He's still alive. Oh, I'm gonna say when did he die? No, but I'm just saying
This isn't for dead. This is a dead or alive. We could start a show called Saturday night dead with all the dead people that used to be on that show. Yeah
Just 1.1 million babies were born in Japan last year the third straight decline the average Japanese couple of producers
Just 1.32 children one and a third
Well below the minimum 2.08 needed compensate for deaths is the result of plummeting birth rates Japan's population is expected to peak in
2006 and then decline rapidly, which is probably good news because they seem to suffer from a
Very bad overpopulation problem if you ask me I haven't been there
But when you look at the country geographically. It's a very small country on a map
Yeah, and Tokyo is just teaming with millions and millions and millions so they could probably use a little bit
You know, right? I guess that's the place to go if you want some there's a need if you want somewhat
Fun, hmm
Well your daughter's going here
5.670 5.60 pound 5.60 on the 18th
And I just just pass this along to I don't want to get bogged down on this all this stuff
And his name is not Chalabi it if his lawyer pronounces it Chalabi, which was always good enough for me before
That's good enough to
Ahmed Chalabi
The Iraqi politicians suspected by US authorities of having told a random spring that its secret communication coated and broken was involved in an intercept
Episode 9 years ago according to senior administration officials
Now there was this is nothing new. Didn't I tell you he was a crook and a slime ball. I told you that. Yeah
Officials yesterday recounted an incident in early 1995 when Chalabi's name turned up in an encrypted Iranian cable
Reporting a purported CIA back plan to assassinate Sodom was saying in Iraq's present
The message was intercepted by US intelligence and caused a major political stern Washington
It looks now like there's a chance that this whole thing the neocons may have got sucked in by the Iranians
And he might have been a part of it
He was dependent in the middle of it and he in a sense been providing all this phony
weapons on all this information on weapons of mass destruction and all these other phony documents
How do you like that happen? They're so smart. How could they yeah, they're so smart like more like that
So all these over 800 Americans who died over there in the 45,000 injured remained and all the other thousands of dead Iraqis
Guess what oops? Maybe we got sucked in oops. Sorry
WQA and hello
Hello, yes sir. This is for the dead person for the fat person fall. Yeah
I'm thinking about putting on big Wilson
He's already on news sir. Oh, okay. Thanks a lot. He's got four votes and thank you so much
Yeah, we're talking about not just the people a little bit chubby, but you know people pick it up to be buried in a piano case
You
You
Goodbye Chris Barley
You great big fatty always acting like a great big fat dumb retard in every film you've ever made
You got poor David's fate
His career could fade cuz
Allie has left is that lame old TV show he won't be making bloody movies no more
As you wanted to be just like John Belushi and have John can these children
You finally made it but we're not too careful what you wish
You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night
But you were way too young to die to commit that man suicide
Oh
Goodbye Chris Farley
What did you eat to blow up like a big balloon eating like a fool that would only bring you certain
farmers are
And all you left was some cable movies and a few tales of your pants
That will fill to make community pools
And you wanted to be just like John Belushi and have John can these children
You finally made it
But we're not too careful what you wish
You're
Has it been hold up the on oh that's it
Why now you reach the pizza in the sky
You got so fat you die
Oh my god, and it wasn't one more dinner that we had to like a
Potsky round one. Wouldn't that great? Oh, refresh me. I said here run on the edge of my seat
This is my finger right on it
1032 at 560 WQA
I'm doing a mad dog this afternoon 2 to 4 as he broadcast live from the hooters in Dorel
Stop by when some of our embarrassing reload budget prizes and enjoy
Heineken Heineken beer specials during the show enjoy some Heineken
I was asking about this morning if you like sitting a bottle
I'll join a QM QT tonight from 8 to 10 at the village grill and pump low-key that off commercial in a 1a stop by for prizes and specials on begs beer
That's German
Oh the fat albus
Yeah, well, I guess that's okay, huh?
All right, we'll put that albus well he was sure pretty monstrous back in the day back in those
Vegas days when he was bursting out of his
outfits those outfits are like two three sizes too small now since John Balushi's mentioned in that bit how about John Balushi now
He was yes, he was he was he was pretty gigantic and a combination of all and heavy-duty drugs and the fat
I think is like what kind of put him over the edge
Wouldn't we agree on that yeah, so John Balushi and Elvis the fat Elvis who want to be sure put that
on their Josh fat albus as opposed to the skinny albus right five six seven oh five sixty speaking of fat
I here's one way up my want to put on there. We got some people like this fat individual all about the fat rush
Okay, the battle between rush limbo and prosecutors investigating him for less prescription drug abuse took another nasty turn
Yesterday when the conservative right-wing Nazi commentator accused them of breaking court rules and the sleep of the judges hearing the case
The latest disagreement arose earlier this week when assistance state attorney Jim March told an appeals court that limbo's attorney provided
Wrong information in the case both sides appeared before the fourth district court of appeals and April to debate whether limbo's medical records
Which were seized for the ongoing criminal investigation should remain private during the court hearing limbo's attorney
Where black toll judges that the Florida medical the floor legislature had a one-time revised state law so that medical records could not be taken by search warrant
On Tuesday Mars provided the court with information that blacks comments were incorrect
But two days later black fired back arguing that prosecutors were missing five years worth of audio tapes of lawmakers discussions when they made the assertions
The prosecutor is wrong in his research recklessly incomplete black charge and response file the court yesterday
Prosecutors may have many powers, but they don't have the power to skip five years of legislation and rewrite history
He has the court to fine-marts for his false accusations
Mike Edminton spokesman for the Mars office declined to come and further on a case yesterday and yoddy-oddy
Saw about the fat rush who he was just trying to take them pills to cover up his back pain. That's all
It kind of a pain in the ass
I'm like what the fused on me
So let's put the fat rush on there. Okay fat wrestling ball
We got it. We got it. I got it five six seven. Never is anybody now got any idea
Huh? No, we don't know. This is one of the great mysteries. I think that I've brought to the public's attention
Far more uh
desperate than anything else going on the world today. Who is this picture?
It says very clearly under their oj Simpson. Can there be more than one oj Simpson? Oh, we sure hope and pray not
Because if there is if they're like a whole bunch of them, there surely must be a lot of evil doers on the loose. Maybe I'll president. They's got a point
I mean you look at the New York Daily News and they got a big
Stripping him and asked by the way on big gotta be straight, but it's like the oj that we know and hate. It's the same, you know
I don't get it w.k.a.m. Hello
How you doing uncle Neil great. I tried to reach you yesterday because I just cut back from
California and you were talking about assimilating yeah going up and down the coast especially near the Bay area
There were 10 million and one Chinese radio shows and 10 million and one spanish radio shows
It seems like all over the country there's no assimilation. Hmm and
There was one good thing that I did find out there a lot of like improvisation. Yeah, it was actually still some decent music
But there were just some of the small stations out there along the coast, but as far as you know
American stations or whatever there's really no assimilation
And I got somebody through your pole somebody that you don't really like but he was big and fat in the combination of the drugs and the fat
Jerry got through you
No Greg I don't dislike him. I just there wasn't into that whole thing
Yeah, that whole stick but as far as the assimilation is all over the country because even when I was in Reno Nevada out there
They had 10 million and one Hispanic station trust me man Kalamazoo Michigan check it out
Thank you and have a great weekend bye-bye
Okay, you got it we got Jerry Garcia
Before for Jerry Garcia, we probably wouldn't have fish food right right
I don't know what Jerry great well. I mean the fish was just another one of those the same high set
That's right by the greatful dead
I'm looking at this I gotta put this down this OJ picture of skinny me aggravated down
Nightmare decade for OJ's dream team
You're like this story you'll love it. I got I got stories up the old shoot about the OJ shoot
Oh, man, I tell you one thing OJ the day that we that's my golden life is that I'll live that miserable bastard that murdering piece of crap
That's my goal. I just decided that right now spontaneously right on the year. Okay? Okay
I want to be around to see the day when they stick his murdering ass right in the ground and we think you can imagine
Will be there to mourn, you know, there'll be our some of our people there be the water Nazi and be a throne. Oh
Jay we miss you. Yeah, coffin climbers Greg will be there. He'll be there in his Brooks Brothers suit with his crappy haircut
Nightmare decade for OJ's dream team
For the key members of OJ Simpsons dream team of attorneys likes to become a nightmare since the trial ended nine years ago
And we're delighted to see that
Efflee Bailey is it had a charm career before we ended up with Simpson representing characters as colorful as the Boston
Stranger and Patty Hearst, but post OJ
Bailey's luck has turned to a crap nose-dived
He was this barred and flora done 2001
And the following year in Massachusetts for the way he handled 600,000 chairs of stock on by convicted drugs
Muggler clogged the buck and he spent 44 days in federal prison in Florida after refusing to turn over the stock to the government
In March 2003 Bailey was in hot water regaining took two million dollars in legal fees that legally belonged to the US government
A federal jury in Florida decided jurors ordered him to return and pay additional three million in damages
In October a judge said that decision is signed, but the US attorney's office in Orlando said it might file an appeal
The Dubock case also drove a wedge between Bailey and his longtime friend dream team member Robert Shapiro
Who represented the drug leader along with Bailey
Bailey believes Shapiro would be trading by testifying for the government against Bailey in the stock case
Since four never to deal with Shapiro again Shapiro's luck's been better than Bailey's, but he's also had some difficulties since the OJ draw
Oh, that good
He was recently dismissed by a client record producer Phil Specter who's accused of murdering a woman at his home
He did it and he was dismissed by Yali Numen a 20-year-old California woman charged with hatching a series of elaborate plots to cheetah restraints husband
Out of custody of their two children
Flamboyant if the glove does not fit you must acquit and your full-of-shmit attorney Johnny Cochran
Barely had time to savor his victory at Simpson's criminal trial before his ex-wife published a book claiming Johnny hitter
And had a secret son by another woman
Cochran vehemently did not abusing her and is the inquire review of last week
Cochran recently underwent surgery for a golf ball-sized brain tumor
Right the architect of the dream team Simpson's longtime pal Robert Kardashian won't see him no more
Dited as in senior California home my September only six weeks after marrying Ellen Pearson
Eight weeks after he learned he had cancer of the Asophagus asophage asophage how they say it
Asophage yield cancer how you say it?
I never say it. Yeah, I don't Kardashian went to his grave with his reputation still solied by his actions in the Simpson case
He was carrying your garment bag out of Simpson's house 24 hours after the double slaying
What everyone wanted to know was where Simpson's bloody clothes in there said his widow Ellen was Robert being an accomplice
After the trial he never spoke to the dream team again
He never spoke to OJ Simpson and even on his deathbed
OJ didn't get around to call and how do you like that?
And he also told his wife of OJ does call tell him it's the wrong number
Where'd you go? I'm reaching for the a facs of fact here. Okay. You just thanks him. He's so much crap
Yeah, there's a lot of crap. Wow. Just a lot of crap all the crap all the time man more than we can handle
We're just drowning in see a crap. Let's see a fat. Oh, the fat Jerry Lewis
Yes
It's no longer as big and blown up like the bullfrog that he was that fact is not in slime
And the time and four lottery else says that's a little insensitive. Hey lady. Oh, we put him on there
Yeah, the fact you can be sure to put the fat Jerry Lewis because most of his life Jerry Lewis said that we knew in despise was skinny
Now we've got the fact is I haven't sent them along saying the fat Neil Rogers from when you used to be fat
Okay
But they don't they didn't never knew me when I was really really fat when I was up to 266
That was my serosoda days 1973. Let me tell you get about my hamburger helper and my
That's true. I'm marching like a college football game on a Saturday afternoon
What's not to like I go out and I buy a box of hamburger helper a a pound of ground sirloin
I cook it all up there in the frying pan through when the hamburger helper whip it all up
I give me a nice huge can of Hawaiian punchwood sugar
And by the end of the day I've eaten a whole thing
What a large game, huh? What a large oh yeah, and then I started to get in these
Wake that up in the morning in my with these headaches and sweats and everything profusely
266 pounds. I go to the doctor. We said you're gonna die from fat mister
You've got high blood pressure here some pills go home and lose some weight you fat tub of crap
in
The most unique competition ever a group of ordinary women will hand over their lives to a team of cosmetic and plastic surgery
Have to be a little bit more dramatic to the best from the producer of the swan. It's the swan
It's just like the swan, but in a surprised way. We make them uglier
Behind that curtain there's a mirror
When you feel comfortable you can let me know that you're ready
The mirror will be revealed
Oh my god
The swan
on my
Son of a bitch
1046 14 to 11 at 560 W. We have mad dog at two from hooters
Then we got the big oh at the four oh and we apologize for that humperies in New York for the Belmont
We'll be talking to jade uh Dave Johnson next hour. JZ call 911
Yes he is. Oh
Marlon's hot Dexter 35 Marlon's at the mess. It's about time to win a game boys
710 tonight and then of course we got the the you-em-regional baseballs on a m790 waxy for those who care about that
And then after the baseball on qa and we got Tom jica
You might want to ask time how come he didn't write about those radio ratings in last book
And how come he doesn't write any more about how big one oh six lost the 80% of their audience after they blew off
Sternock Fairtgenle all of these things that have to do with them. What's really going on?
You might want to ask him that but you probably won
Anyway, we got 175 votes who's your all-time favorite fat person dead or alive
John candy's got 70 he's gonna win hands down who didn't like John can be right. He was great. Right everybody
3131
Chris Farley 25 Kelly Craig 11. I told you she's gonna make two polls in the same week
John Belushi 10 Marlon Brando 7 big Wilson. Hello big head six
During Garcia 6 the fat Rush Limbaugh 3 the fat the erogers 3
Fat Elevus has got appear although you couldn't find them. They've dicks and one factory Lewis none and John Goodman
None I remember putting John Goodman on there not yet. I already packed the two. Oh, we're just trying to stay ahead of things
Somebody qa. I am hello. I'm going to mail. Yes, sir. Hey, I got one for the policy. All right
Paul Castanero feeding his fat push at the emerald coast
The right right there hands down. Okay, how about across the table from Orson? Orson? Well, it's a big thank you
Okay, or some wild sounds excellent to me don't be picking out good friend Polly. Okay
We need all our friends we can get
Now what what what part of the godfather was that in? I said I'm gonna eat all the friends I can oh no that was in network
Right
Remember yes, I did we didn't hold in many estimate take back his letter of resignation
Mm-hmm ruddy and word James ruddy never him sure
Said I'm gonna eat all the friends I can get
Sure, we didn't hold it said sure how about a drink?
Sorry, what a great actor and what a sad life, huh? See all new people in our jealous of being a celebrity forget about it. Okay
We're talking about big celebrities. They're not talking about punks like radio people
We're talking about big gigantic celebrities. Oh god about it right
So their own fault you got money and fame and you drink yourself to death. Yeah, and drugs. Yeah, it is
How about jockeys? How about young jockeys that make tons and tons of them like pad valance wailer
He just got suspended again for the um team time for free wouldn't take a drug test
It was supposed to ride in the Belmont tomorrow. Yeah
Famous jockey you wouldn't know him because it's a pad val of Venezuela whatever his name is whatever
Back in july 1994 the inquirer created nasional headlines when we broke the story that OJ Simpson bought a knife
Believed to be the murder weapon just weeks before the slangs of his ex-wife Nicole and Ron Goldman
And on the 10th anniversary of the killings LA knife shop owner Richard Wattenberg told the inquirer
It's been 10 years, but not one day goes by where someone doesn't say isn't this destroy where OJ bought the knife he killed his wife with
And he says absolutely
Yeah
Simpson paid $81.17
For the 14 and a half inch long German made stiletto knife called a lock blade
Six weeks before the double murder salesman Jose Camacho and his boss Wattenberg told the inquirer in an exclusive interview for our July 12, 1994 issue
Camacho told us Simpson had been outside on the street shooting scenes for the TV movie Frogman
When he came in a 3 p.m. on Monday on the May 3rd after he bought the knife he wanted it sharpened
Simpson even gave the salesman a card he signed it said to Jose peace to you or a Josh Becker would say
um
Two days after the killings LA homicide detective searching for the murder weapon came into the store
Ross Cutlery that's the name of the store in downtown LA an interviewed Camacho and Richard Wattenberg
They asked us every detail of what OJ said his demeanor Wattenberg told the inquirer and our lady they came back and bought the same knife
The actual murder weapon has never been found today
Wattenberg is reluctant to talk about the knife
But he did tell the inquirer at the beginning believe it or not people would blame me for the murders for selling OJ the knife
How do you like that? Yeah
Man oh, I got I got how many pages here
Okay stuff
In fact, I think on Monday in honor of the the fact he murdered those two people will just play all the OJ bits on Monday
Eric sent me a note saying old J is up now
Old J that's right
Yeah, me and that's what that is
Maybe he'll lighten up a little bit in future is kind of like he seems to be in a Michael Jackson
Maybe he'll do the same thing maybe they'll get that same a Clorox bleach job
That's a little vigo baby is that what that is man? Oh, man
We only could pray that he wake up looking like that tomorrow then we know that there was a guy
God about that wow
You've got to take a look at that people and why post calm OJ blames the call
It's under the news stories that you got to click on that link
OJ blames the call and it'll pop up with a story but then that picture with a caption OJ Simpson under it
What is that what is it? I don't know man. That is a disgusting thing. Nobody QA him. Hello
Name for your bowl. Yes, sir
At Dom Delewese Dom Delewese is an excellent one nobody don't like Dom Delewese. Thank you
And of course Dom Delewese is most famous line that he never said but never left
That's the honey tune. Yeah, he never said either
If you didn't see fatso you better go see it especially all your fat slabs out there like me go see fatso
And the interesting part of it is in the end of the movie after he's married happily and has all those kids in the whole deal
And they they showed that little as they're running the credits
They showed the montage of clips from when he was so old and then older and he's like fat and skinnier and fatter again
Like an accordion like a human accordion. I can't stop the fat. I feel sorry for me
Yeah, he's great though. Hold on Delewese. He's pretty good ironically. Yes. He's three times the size now
Is anyway I know I made that movie exactly
I know some people like that. Yeah, I don't want to start it on the beast again, but I
I affect if I were you here's a little message for both of you guys don't be in the studio
Don't be around on the day when he blows up
Yeah, I prepare goggles that I it's not gonna be a pre-site believe me and it won't be safe either. I saw that movie WQAM. Hello
Not there WQAM. Hello, yeah, two names for you. Yeah, two, okay? Okay, should be green street
Yeah, and Ariel Shuron
All right Sydney Green Street for all you real old-timers. Did we put our some wells on? I thought we did
Yes, Ariel Shuron. Did we put him on her? Yes, we got zero
Well, just don't get militant about he just went on her a couple of minutes ago
207 votes or some wells don't have any of the factory Lewis Dave Vixen's got one. You know who's vote that is? Who me?
Well, I just voted for him because I knew nobody else would John Goodman too now. Let's see if these fat people
Oh, that's really not fear because a lot of them are well my horse and wells died from a fat and smoke and two
He smoked like I think he probably died from lung cancer
before the fat caught him
But let's take a look at how many of these people are dead, okay? John Candy
77 votes dead Jackie Gleason 37 dead Chris Farley 29 votes dead John Belushi 16 votes dead
So the first four all dead and three of them died long before their time from fat Jackie Gleason. I don't remember how old he was when he died
Right, I don't know but he wasn't like a young man. No, but he was an old man either
Kelly Craig 13 Kelly still alive come on loosen out and Kelly please
Jerry Garcia dead eight the fatneil Roger's eight still alive big. Well, he did seven. What the fatneil Roger's eight and eight
Amy Marlon Brando 7 fat Rush Limbaugh 3. How is Marlon Brando still alive?
Wow, well, how'd you like to be? How'd you like to be at the ammo coast with Marlon Brando? It was Don Delewis long as they're buying
fat Rush Limbaugh 3 John Goodman 2
Uh fat Elvis 2 dead Don Delewis 1 still alive, but we have no idea how Dave Dixon 1 dead or some Wells dead and the fat
Jerry Lewis hanging on by thread and not dead yet
Boy, they're gonna be mourning in Paris man when he dies WQA and hello
I am
Don Belushi
WC because I'm a Lucy and work on an action. Okay, these little lot of a lot of help
I have no life
WQA and hello
Neil yes, this is ambisha I have come back. Oh, and the fat how about the fat ambition
She wasn't so much fat as she was just no mish
I think your memory is failing it. She was pretty exotic
But if you say so we won't put her on her. I know she was plum. She was here. She was pleasantly pl- she was un pleasantly plump
Okay, we can put that in Bishop on there. No, don't put her on. Okay, don't put her on
WQA and hello
Not there QA and hello
Oh, yeah, I got for the poll. Yes, sir
Um, Luciano Paparotti and what's happening?
And who's the other one?
Regretting from what's happening? You don't know. Okay, we can't put them on then. Yeah, we don't know what is named
Anyway, Luciano Paparotti. Okay, for all you pseudo intellectual. Oh, and by the way speaking as suits, you know, all the remember all the crying
Well, I went TMI when Cox took the classical music off there and put on
M.I.B. or what what do they make no party party ready party
And party's not doing all that great. I should point out but at any rate WKAT in this last trend. I noticed
Ha ha ha ha ha you can't find their numbers with a surge party. I think like a point one was there
That was one of their higher numbers
Is zero plus is zero point one is in one tenth of one percent
So all those people that were wanting maybe they maybe they took my advice
Maybe they actually went out there because they
Their classical music crowd is supposed to be the people with a few bucks
Maybe they went out there to their nearby record store
Hopefully not blockbuster and they picked up a bunch of CDs and they listen to whatever they like
You know Bach and Brahms and Beethoven and Mozart and all of that other pseudo intellectual crap or dare I say
You know they have several classical channels on that XM and Sirius I understand
Get serious. No
And also even like on my cable for example almost all the cable all the way
If you have direct TV all of them direct TV my cable all the way
I'm typing you direct TV the orifice man and crank up your old Mozart
By the look of this is my city
The radio's on your side
You
Hey see it's 11 o'clock. I screwed up now the line 12 wasn't ringing was it? No, I didn't but it is gonna ring
We hope
Well, I know well because Dave is always very punctual. I almost forgot the whole darn thing there
Anyway, here's one. It says two more names for your list buddy hackett now for an Hitchcock
You're slow ones both dead by the way
Now buddy hackett wasn't like young he wasn't ancient right right
Alfred Hitchcock was ancient he lived a long time. He was kind of like the one time Churchill of the movies
He lived a long time was a real pervote. That's what the tippy headroom's been a ton everybody right anybody who would listen and everybody all the other actresses too
He was always pawn and claw on
Yeah, well
Louis Anderson who may be the worst game show host of all time and I read is he like a stand-up comedian
What is his state what do you do started out as they stand-up comedian?
I saw one of his routines and it was actually funny, but there was a hundred years ago
Well, he seems like he might have been funny a hundred years ago Louis B. Anderson just a horrible game show host
Fair right said and it just that's his ghost show you know, yeah
Louis B. Anderson. Okay, let's get his badass on there too. All right
Now watching that line 12 frankly, and I probably shouldn't have done that I dig where I should have zagged
Because it's exactly 11 o'clock. I know for the derby right you could have you could have set the atomic clock
You could have said big Ben by the time that line 12 started to ring him maybe he's gonna pre-cursor, huh?
Maybe he's stuck in the toilet
What what the hell does that mean? Well sometimes, you know, you just can't leave when you want to I see
There it is. We got oh there it nested there. Yeah, so a few seconds. What's a few seconds among friends, right?
There's Dave Johnson who's like about four seconds late. How you doing Dave?
I smarty there
Smarty asses here. Yeah
Now while while we're at it before we get into the Belmont stuff the horse and around stuff
You might I'm sure you've got some name the poll question. We have today. Who is your favorite all time?
Fat person dead or alive and we've got people like John Candy and
Marlon Brando and people like that. You've got a how about Peter Roosevelt? He was fat wasn't he?
Yeah, Teddy Roosevelt. Teddy Roosevelt leave it to you to come up with something like off the wall like that
Is that well, you know, that's pretty good. I guess it's all about you know my my funny my my
Yes, my I was an American history major. We're yeah. Yeah
That's how we're close to creating combination tell you about Howard and then it all went down the terrace
Ha ha ha
They need you a blank. Anyway, we're not going to talk about Howard co-sell
We want to be in a good mood. Tomorrow's the big day two to five in the morning line the only only thing that gives me a little bit pause on that is that back in the 79
Spectacular bid was one to five in the morning line for the of Belmont
You know, I got a new angle on Spectacular bid
Ronnie Franklin this week had a teleconference that he talked about how he had spent a lot of time with
Buddy Delphin Ronnie Franklin the week before the Belmont of 79 and
And he said that they were intent on breaking secretariat's record right there either the breaking the 31 lengths or breaking the time
You know, I had never I'd never heard that or thought about it
I always thought of that because buddy Delph talked so big that this was the greatest horse ever
And I really believe that he said Ronnie Franklin out there to win by a 50 lengths and just demolished and of course
He ran a horse out and at the top of the stretch he showed like a dog and coastal went by him
And I think I think you know, and of course
That's why I had to come up with a safety pin story and then Ronnie Franklin was a bad jockey and was his mistake
But I think it was buddy Delph all along well, I think it was a combination of the two of them
But they and also they were terribly overconfident
Spectacular bid was a great horse. Yeah, the farther we get away from him the better
But but he should have won the triple crown, you know
No question about it
There always has been an angle on all of these for example
It's Seattle slew it was always John Krueger and everybody was saying oh, we hope the Frenchman doesn't fall off in them
What race was it was it in the Belmont or was it in the Kentucky Derby where he stood up before the finished line and saluted the crowd
I think it was the Belmont yeah the the Belmont when he
You know one of triple crown and you'd like kind of stood up in a sack as he won by open lengths
And he he's like waving his weapon people are holding their breath like oh please John don't fall off now before the finish line
Um is it is interesting that the
Tricot and
And the John Krueger, you know the two
Riders that will not go down in history is the greatest riders, you know, they rode triple crown winners
Right and Stuart Elliott who would have ever thought and I remember back before the Derby you were saying
He's definitely gonna go from obscurity into being like a big name
Is he only to the broadcasters that picked smarty Jones in all in all of the races before the Derby?
I mean you know
Everybody jumped on the bandwagon, but we were there before
They man. Well it's about time. We've only had about 50 years of doing this sooner sooner later
Now this race tomorrow
Makes me want to purge a little bit. I you know these other guys that like master David
They put him in there now it almost seems as though we got some trainers who don't think that they're going to win
But they want to try to find a way to make smarty at Jones lose which bothers me a little bit
Yeah, I only see a couple horses
Well first of all, it may be smarty Jones can only beat himself
Yeah, maybe and if he does
I could only see purge rock heart 10 and the possibly editing to either the other horse it shouldn't be in there right
I think I think it's gonna be rock heart 10's gonna be second now
Patrick valon's well was supposed to ride him. I read about that right and he can't because he uh didn't
Turn up at the drug test again. You know Patrick valon's well has had more chances than the everybody can't
I mean, it's just amazing
And am I right about that? How many different chances he's had to come back? Yeah, and uh, you know
Solis is not a regular at Belmont Park. I mean, I think if you look at the jockeys that are that are there
I mean wouldn't
Jerry Bailey be the top jockey on the top
You know one of the top competitors adding to yeah, but Alex Solis is no slouch boy
He's a good jockey and this this horse
For for people that watch this thing on TV rock heart 10 is is over 17 hands high
By hand is about four inches, but and the the little horse marty Jones is only 15
Three so I mean there's a there's a real disparity between the size of these two horses
Mm-hmm watch them when they're get to when they get to get together
I think rock heart 10 is gonna come roaring down the stretch to be seconded by about 12 lengths
I mean he'll still be way behind smarty Jones, but I can see that now
That's probably the way they're gonna run from well behind. So you think smarty Jones will win by 12? Yeah
That's my question. Well, I hope he does
I don't think it'll solve the problems of racing, but it'll sure be a nice shot in the arm
Yeah, especially with all the depressing stuff going on in the world today and all the negative crap going on
I think yeah, we need something like this. It's good for racing and it's good
General for the psyche of the public too. I have a couple race track buddies that are gonna bet everything in a race to show
I mean people are saying that smarty Jones is gonna win
Can you imagine the millions that are gonna be bet on this horse to show and if no any chance
He doesn't hit the board the show prices will be $100
Yeah, the bridge jumpers are all gonna be up for that. Yeah, and what do you say is he gonna go off you think one to nine one to five
One to five and it's and we're supposed to get rain tomorrow
Oh really now that should help because he ran in rain in the adurbie. Oh he runs on anything. Yeah
He absolutely is
He's run on eight different distances and eight five different race tracks and you know
He doesn't seem to need to bring his race track with him. He's he's really a special horse
I wouldn't be great though to see him run as a four-year-old
Well, they were making overtures toward that the other day
We're in some articles where they were saying you know they're gonna run him after the bell mod again
Win or lose and then it's possible that they're gonna run him as a four-year-old
I'd love to see that now a firm ran as a four-year-old because
See that was great in the 70s not only did we get spoiled with three and almost four triple crown winners in one decade
But we had horses that were running as four-year-olds too. Seattle slew. I remember beating a firm. I remember um
A firm beating spectacular bid
Those were some great times. Yeah, those were great races
Really in the the heyday of racing. Yeah, and
Acceler ran in a big race with with a firm and and Seattle slew I think oh boy there. Yeah, great matchups
In fact the the affirmed aledar um triple crown. I don't think we'll ever see anything like that again
That was my first derby my first calling of the derby really oh boy. What a way to start, huh?
I can remember we're at the late chick Anderson calling the bell mod and he said we'll test these two to the wire
Remember that yeah, and allodars got a lady put a nose in front right in the middle of the stretch in
I always got the feeling that the public for whatever reason was rooting for aledar and I loved the firm
I thought the firm was just a beautiful horse
Aladar was favored in the in the Kentucky derby. Yeah, and uh, I think there was a lot of sentimental
Attention towards to allodar because of the Mrs. Markey the very elderly woman at own Calum at the time
Yeah, the old lady at the end of the year. Yeah, but at least she wasn't breathing oxygen out of a tubanonose though
You know, we've done another step beyond that this time
That's a little bit it's a little bit scary to watch him
You know when the horse is in the stretch and pulling away like he didn't the preekness there and you just tell you
Think of yourself. Please don't die now. Just don't you don't get too carried away. What you say it?
Then why aren't you thinking that come on? I'm watching the race. I'm all over the race. I forgot about that
Well, listen smarty Jones by 12 and the rock card 10 for my perfected you're gonna pick who for second
It sounds like Eddington
You know what I'll go with you've talked me into it. I'll bet how about let's go for the for the trifecta come on
I mean, you know, uh, I'll take I'll take purge third who will you take who you want
Why do you talk me to Eddington? So we can't pick the same thing. That's boring
So I'll both pick smarty Jones and top of rock art 10. You'll pick purge third and I'll pick the eight Eddington third with Jerry Bailey
Okay, just as long as we keep pat day out of there, but I don't want to go into that. I'll see you at the window
Okay, thanks
Like always great talking to you. Take care. Say how to Hank
See ya
There's Dave Johnson. We got the bell month tomorrow. It's pretty exciting
Even George is all whipped up about it. I'm sure that he's running right now to places advanced bed at pompino park
Hmm, what's that?
And by the way, don't we have a uh, let me take a look at that one seemed to me because I'm sure that they got a special thing going on
The pompino. I don't want to give anybody any free spots, but sure I do let me take a look at that copy
Yeah, there's no spot on the log today Troy
Did Troy make a entrance in our this morning or something? No
Well, that's pretty embarrassing because I know darn well that they're supposed to be running a spot today
And for some reason it didn't make it on the log. Now see this is one of the reasons
The sclerano we don't have any business on ears because people that want to be running spots. They're not on the air
You thought of what I'm saying. What do you say? That kind of makes it a little bit difficult to make any money when you got people clients
To support because this copy even says on it
6364 which is yesterday and today
I'm gonna do the spot now and if they don't want to pay for it
That's fine because it's not on the log and if they're not scheduled. That's okay too
But I I know darn well that they want to promote this because they do it for all the fearful crown races
It's a good thing we just did that thing with they because it saves our friends at pompino park from embarrassment and try my good friend too
Man, what is wrong with that sales department very seriously? I know
How long can this be? Oh, but uh,
Cares, huh nobody cares
Now nobody cares all I care about is oh well
Will you do this for me when you do that for me like screw in and they're sucking around this morning
She wouldn't if I was she knew I was gonna rip OJ and as she probably would have been standing out the hallway whispering
Man that bitch is really something anyway all you racing fans this Saturday June 5th sounds like tomorrow to me
Pompato Parkle Feature Sommel casting of the Belmont Stakes as smarty Jones
Looks to make history in his quest remain on beatman win the triple crown
And you can watch wagering enjoy history in the making right at pompino park
Pompato Park is featuring an early bird wagering on the Belmont Stakes starting at one o'clock this afternoon
And both today and tomorrow Pompato Parkle will have free past performance pages for the Belmont field
Tomorrow it's not just the Belmont Stakes but dollarnight for draft beer Pepsi sodas hot dogs and more
Dollarnight is now every Saturday all summer long and Troy you are an idiot
Located just a half mile from both i95 in the turn Pike Pompato Park's easy to get to invest evolve
Pompato Park features free admission free general parking every day just like this spot might be free too and who cares
Live harness racing in the poker room was open every Friday and Saturday like today
Poker starts at noon and goes on till midnight
Live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 at the pm
Pompato Park is also open every day seven days nights a week for the best in cymbal casting
Harness thoroughbred highlight action fall across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on watch out for Brad Cramer
He's whipping and slashed in the stretch
Pompato Park a block set of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the current race schedule
Just call 954 972 2000 or go online at Pompato Park.com don't forget watch and plunge on a Belmont
You can start betting early bird wagering one o'clock this afternoon and of course get your free pass performance pages two for the Belmont
Feel today and tomorrow at Pompato Park
Were you drudge packing?
denied on Fox six the long-awaited conclusion of American Idol the book's been talented
America's spoken guest star George Bush sings the hoon
Talking about my
Talking about my
generation
Talking about my generation
Before we grow old talking about my
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, my generation
What do you think of me if just was terrible dude?
terrible you are the worst thing in the world nice class. Thanks very nice the conclusion of American Idol
Congratulations. You're now as intelligence as a pig that's a fact denied on Fox
Abu Garib yeah, you got it love and 15 don't forget join the mad dog this afternoon at two
He'll be doing a show from live from the hooters in Dorao or maybe on tape from the hooters in Dorao
Stop by to win QM prizes which are much, but you can enjoy a honey cane beer specials all during the show and two and get
List with the mad dog then join a QM QD tonight eight to ten of the village grill and pump
How am I reading that correctly is there like a comment there Josh
Yeah, sure winner join a QM QD tonight the village grill and pump
Okay, I will yeah, that's that's what I'm thinking we better not say that
In fact, where the hell is my good friend go on the locker room and pump pump pump
There you go
Anyway, that's located off commercial in a one a stop-eye for prizes and specials on becks beer so all the beer all the time
Let's see what about curly as in the Larry curly and absolutely no
You want to put curly on there curly Howard curly fine paging doctor fine doctor Howard. What was his name?
I don't know curly. Howard mohawk davidid
Like really out of no just put curly on there and even put three stooges and parentheses
The fat pornographer it's again
Hell goldstein you're close personal friend. I'm a fat Jew that's the one
It's a gay club you moron. I guess they wanted to hear that. That's a gay club you moron
He's trying to talk to a junior sail when he getting back in the showers
Jay says I'd like to know. Oh, yeah, here's an excellent one. Thank you Jay
chef Paul Prudham Prudom
Man he reminds me off a lot of dumb deliwis you ever seen the two of them together
In fact the first time that I saw him I on TV. I thought it was dumb deliwis. I don't know who that is
Yes, you do he's that New Orleans chef. He's on the cooking shows. You've seen him
Okay, huh as either one says k-john pep a kaian pepap
Yeah, something like that and he's a big big fat huge guy looks a lot like dumb deliwis just a big big ass chef
He's the chef that so fatty rides around on a scooter yet still in the kitchen
kitchen eating himself to that good one Jay
Okay, there's a couple more for you and here's one that says Oliver Hardy
And we put Teddy Roosevelt on there, which I guess they were serious
Huh, yes, we did only was fat in fact William Howard Taff was fat too much
Well put him on it. We're gonna put president son William Howard Taff who was fat and daffed or dead
Let's see your favorite fat person of all time a libert dead, but most of marde de john candy a hundred. He's got it made
John like this candy and everything else
Jackie Gleason 52 Chris Farley 44 John Balushi for a 27
Fat Neil Roger 17. I'm moving up Kelly Craig 14. I just hopped over you Kelly
Uh, Jerry Garcia 11 Marlon Brando 8. He is gigantic big Wilson 8, Tom Deliwis 7
John Goodman 5 they'd Dixon 5 the fat Elvis for not to be confused with the skinny Elvis fat rush limbaugh 4
Sydney Green Street 3 Alfred Hitchcock 3
I'll curl you from the three stuages one or Sunwell's one buddy hack it one Teddy Roosevelt's got one and none yet for Louis v
Anderson Sally Strothers. I didn't realize we put Sally on there
Luciano Pavarote or the factory Lewis out of 316 both we just don't like your a Lewis fat or skinny period no more
Used to like him right he was okay
Like a Martin and Lewis in fact he was uh liked him a lot better in Dean Martin
That's another one of those in their day kind of oh yeah
Definitely not lasting if you watch those movies now just uh forget about that
What was the movie that Jerry Lewis was in that everybody raves about that I've never watched the delicate the link what no no no I'm serious
Oh come on king of comedy yeah king of comedy oh that's supposed to be a great movie with Robert De Niro
Everybody raved about it. You're right and it was just very weak mile boring well. Thank goodness. I missed that
5 6 7 0 5 60 got a lot of OJ stuff here and okay, of course on Monday
Which actually be the anniversary and Greta von Braun's luster will be on Fox hyperventilating with OJ with that interview that they taped
What are few slices her neck in there? Oh, man. All right. We go for that
WQA and hello
Mr Roger how you doing sir mr. caller. Hi, okay. I got one that probably should have made list
But it didn't what about Anna Nicole Smith oh, I had a quote, but she's your favorite
Oh
Okay, well you must be the one got like a radar if you know like a satellite dish and you know down below there
Okay, thank you very much
I got that you don't want to okay back in the day. I might have explained it to you, but you don't want us to just move right on
We'll draw maybe a picture no no thanks
I haven't had that much paper at any rate. Let's get her on you. Okay. I guess he likes her is there again
Keep in mind. I just name a bunch of fat people
I'm starting to catch on now. I'm a little slow. How many fat people?
No, the question is who is your all-time favorite fat person dead or alive
I you know, there's nobody's mentioned Rosie O'Donnell because no because everybody hates her
In this audience anyway, nobody's mentioned Roseanne bar because probably everybody hates her like poison
But I would like her
John Goodman got a vote but not Roseanne bar
There are so many so many fat people most of them did I how about Tony feels I'm not saying put around list
But there was one Tony feels
Who used to champion the idea that just like that book I was telling about the way you can be fat and nothing wrong
We're being fat fat is beautiful. What is like Shirley tweeters with all that crap. I wonder if she's still alive
I'm tired of trying here's that book right here big fat lies
Learn the astonishing facts the truth about your weight in your health Glenn A. Gaser gas or it's a gas
Takes on the fat phobia that permeates so much of the research about obesity and health and basically what he says is you can be fat and healthy
Oh my god, right
P in fact it says that right in the back jacket here it says people can be fat and fit
There is no connection between flat fat-clarked auto-reason or auto-reason obesity thinner is not necessarily healthier
But when you're using mistwiggy and and
Karen Carpenter is a barometer. I guess it's not too tough to figure that out
Good body fat protects you from heart disease. You can achieve a natural way without diet a dieting and dieting because you weight gain
That's if you eat too many yo-yo shit yo-yo's and ho-ho's man that'll do it
I'm really excited proud of myself that I got that pomp and o park spot on because I know it was supposed to run and probably was supposed to run yesterday too
If maybe we'll have to run another make good later although I already tore it up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only
AT&T and Verizon line WQA and hello
How about dusty roads
Dusty roads, okay. How about dusty roads? You want to put dusty roads on there or not? Sure. Why not?
Sure. Why not?
From my childhood. How about
Not she not fat
Although I'll tell you somebody who was pretty exotic
Well, I wanted to wonder two times. I saw
He kind of Randy want to be
The bad one broke although she was far from my favorite. Hey, she's not a Randy road clone. That's what she said exactly sure
WQA and hello
Yes, or yes sounds like you
Okay
Right
Who gonna be able to cut rustlers I for right all right. Hey stack Calhoun and WC fields
Who had the right idea about little kids by the way just keep them shut up and just stuck them off in the room closet somewhere
Get them out of my face and I'm with him on that
After I hate little kids, I just don't want to be around them when they're screaming and carrying on and making a big fuss
Especially like on an airplane things like that or like a like an enclosed space. It's not a good idea
Right all right. Just about anywhere. Yeah, right keep them out of my face
WQA and hello
I have the wealthiest fact person for the rest. Yes
Go ahead
Oprah Wincree. Okay, that's a that's a good choice. I guess I guess if somebody out there will like her
Quite frankly on issue we can't stand opera no
Because she's uh she's talentless. She does nothing. There is the luckiest person on the face of the earth bar none
I mean, I know you don't like Bill Gates, but at least he's you know, he did something somewhere
So you know, stole other people's ideas. Oh, okay, but at least he did that given given that
But what is she done? She showed them the spell her name back with there at the end of the show with her harmful productions
What what is she done besides make those uh, she said girlfriend? Yeah, yeah girl
You go girlfriend and just sit there and yuck it up and oh my god. It's just uh
That's the reason that the women of America have just been lit on the garden path
I would much rather than when we're watching Jerry Springer than Oprah any day of the week
At least Jerry Springer's got some you know comic relief right
But Oprah they're just a nothing there, but she's got her book list and the women are running out that they're racing to the store whatever Oprah says
Brother based on what based on the fact that she's such a wonderful human being
That she's so well-adjusted and uh married and would children or family and all of that stuff
Maybe she's a dike you think?
No idea and of course do we really care? No
It's a disgusting thought WQM. Hello
Yes, sir
Speaking
Yeah, I got a couple of um, thank you, yeah, I know you don't like rap but you're smart. It's one of them. Okay. Did he smalls? Yeah
Okay, and the other one I'm thinking of Paulie from Goodfell
Paulie from Goodfellos. Okay. What what's the actor's name?
George
Paulie from yeah, I can see him
Big fat Paulie he was uh one of the uh, you know
When they were all over Paul Sorbino Paul Sorbino, I guess that's who it is. Is that who played Paul?
I don't I know he's talking to all these Paulies and all these Italian movies. I don't have them all straight
Oh, you're no you're thinking about the wrong Paulie. That's it. I'm telling you you're thinking about the one I told you old man
Paulie won't see him no more
Yeah, say the wrong Paulie won't see him no more. I love it
Seriously, I know that I'm obsessed with godfather, but it's just that
Erie so every scene I mean it's so brilliantly written and done and I did read the book before I saw the movie the book was
The book was even better than the movie which he usually is
But every single scene every character every actor and actress every uh, I mean this is why godfather three took it really so bad and
deservedly so because even though the story was powerful and really very compelling needed to be told them and a lot of really great stuff in it
It's just that you there was no room for bad acting in the godfather's saga
This is I mean it's like if you're you're having a great meal and you have a fantastic appetizer and a juicy delicious steak or
Lobster son and then the dessert is a piece of crap you know the same right
There's just no room for that if it if it has it has to be perfection you have to live up to that standard
Which wasn't easy to do on a real budget on a shoe string
But again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line two men sue a legging abuse by seminarian
Two Harris County Texas residents filed a civil lawsuit claiming that a Catholic seminary student molested them in the mid 90s
When he was training at St. Francis to sales Catholic Church to be a priest oh my god
The two unidentified men not 21 and 22 claim that Juan Carlos Patino Arango molested them when they were eighth graders at the Paris school
According to the suit well listen he wanted to be a priest right? Yeah practice makes perfect
Let's see
It's my grandma's birthday and I have no idea what you get her
Yo, we did get as you meet as a person who receives it. I get this in you the bomb
Give them a pimp name from the international pimp name with you say
Happy birthday grandma look what I got you
Oh
It says at the Bergmeister you can't be
They love fresh tasty
I always
Only 4995
The international name registry was like a unique
But especially somebody in your life
Happy birthday to me. We got you a
Yeah
Everybody on your pimp name give me go and receive a certificate is the grave or daily
And they get a fur hat and gold tooth
Grandma already had the Cadillac now she's got the name to go along with it
Thanks international pimp name registry
I hope mine is interesting in self-surfing there you go
I tear almost cut us to my eye when I see him on her he's doing his book tour now
Isn't it making you almost want to cry
It's me very sad you know when that song by Ralph Donner you don't know what you've got until you lose it right
Luke Castello somebody says for a poll as in uh, Abbott and Castello but Abbott
Luke Castello as in who's on first
What you never saw that routine who's on first? That's what I was saying what what are you going to say? Oh, I
Well, it's a baseball thing so quite frankly. I thought maybe we were a little bit over your head
You know how you're leading by the way. I played I don't watch
Well, what does that mean? I know how to play the game. I just don't watch other people do it. Oh some people like to play and watch anyway speaking of that
Uh
One Carlos Patino Arango that's the way I just did uh, he's listed as a Florida a Tampa Florida resident. I just mentioned that in passing and
A retired Roman Catholic priest in a former priest have been uh, I'll see here's the this is chopped off
Have be man
Who says they who say they sexually abused him when he was a boy a loss who was filed Tuesday against
Moncini Thomas O'Brien now 77 and retired and Thomas M. Reardon. Is that really his name?
162 left a priesthood in 89 several other men filed suits against him in January as well
In the new lawsuit or plaintiff identified as John B. Doe also said the priest gave them something when he was a boy and they harassed him
I in later years
See it's in it would be interesting to see the rest of that story what's off the right side sometimes the last couple of words
Are the most important ones, but unfortunately they don't have it to be here the man said they demanded
Session acts from him between 1970 when he was 13 and something else uh, return Loni got from them
The lawsuit also says they tried to blackmail him something something with information about mirror mal marijuana use
Reardon is denied previous allegations for his attorney Matthew Rokiner and didn't return a call Wednesday
O'Brien's also denied brand center. Sir you go all the priest stories all the time how many thousand
30,000 of these episodes that we got so far and probably a whole bunch of many thousands others you won't hear from them
You wonder why why because they already killed themselves. Oh, by the way speaking of it's not a priest
But it's along those lines that just emailed you a story that somebody emailed to me. Yeah about about a radio host and kitty porn
And it's one of these American families
I am what is wrong with you
Well, I told you that before the show started day although maybe I lost the story because I was going to start at the beginning of the story with that
I got all right. That was hours ago
Don't you remember I told you that he's from the American family
That's the one. Sorry. Yeah, with uh, oh
Brother, what did I do with that now? It's a good thing. Maybe it maybe it's a blessing
No, seriously, maybe I lost it would be the first time I lost it. I lost it. I lost it. I got a pile of crap here
Let's see. OJ blames the cool. I mean when you got a pile of crap
There's junior sale again who's still doing his fag talk. Maybe we could put them on here a show called fagot talk
I'm probably getting the 80s share in this town
I just uh, I don't know
Can't find it. So it's a good thing. Thank you whoever sent that to us because it's probably a psychic inspiration
Thank you. No one that I screwed up. Maybe I already schmit can't it you know me
I just have it a turn stuff up and making it disappear real fast which I'd love to do with scruan
Terrible just uh, can't find it. So thank you profusely. I won't get to it
Unless you want to read it. No, I don't have it open anymore. Oh,
I'll close it
Anyway, the enquirer didn't just report the story where he came a key part of it is within all this OJ heavy intensive stuff
Nobody but nobody it says not that they're so serving you understand
But nobody but nobody covered the OJ Simpson murder case like the enquirer our exclusives one after another
We're so impressive that the media elite made the enquirers coverage a story in itself
And one of our scoops was so important even changed the outcome of one of OJ's trials in our first story following the June 12 94 murders of Simpsons
X-Watnikul and Ron Goldman
We revealed how shaken the caller confided to therapist dr. Susan forwarder fears that OJ would kill her one day
Remember dr. Susan forward? No, you know the story forward and backward. Oh
Just reached after the double killing we revealed that Nicole and OJ fought by telephone today the murders and argument that may have
Side her death warrant
It wasn't until nearly nearly a year later that LA prosecutor charged the same thing in court papers the enquirers report
Repealing at six weeks before the murders OJ purchased a knife believe to be the murder weapon made global headlines in
November 94 the enquirer reported exclusively that DNA test revealed the blood of both victims in OJ's Bronco
Oh, we know that Mark firm and just put it there. He just smeared it
It was the most damning evidence against the former football started took two months for the rest of the media to catch up
The enquirers publication of the Cole's heart-wrenching
Diaries of her abusive OJ's hands brought praise from the media and thanks when they battered women's groups across America
The enquirer even told the world how OJ bed girlfriend Paul Barbar be ready to marry him in jail while the trial
I'm full today story later confirmed by Paul on national TV
Now here's the part that I like to vest is them those ugly but ugly shoes those ass ugly whatever
Like ugly right
Molly don't know starting when you're a your a caveat on a need some serious work
Anybody that was in I was talking to Van Diesel about that last week and he said man. You sure don't know you're my Molly
Then an April 23rd 96 issue after Simpson's acquittal at his criminal trial the enquirer published a scoop of scoops
A photo of OJ wearing the same rare shoes those ugly ass shoes left bloody footprints at the murder scene
See all of these things are just a coincidence right. I mean black people just they're always railroaded for crap that they didn't do
During a deposition for the civil suit Simpson had denied ever owning a pair of Bruno Molly's the expensive Italian designer shoes
That had left the footprint but before the civil trial the enquirer conducted an exhaustive search reviewing thousands of photos of OJ
Taken the year leading up to the murders when he was doing color commentary for professional football games
That's color not colored commentary most of the photo showed Simpson only from the way stuff but
The enquirer hid pager in a set of photos that captured Simpson full length
Strolling through the end zone in the photo OJ is seen walking in full stride the soul of his Bruno Molly shoe in plain view
a two
frute
The enquirer's story in a company photo became the key piece of evidence in OJ civil conviction February
47 and his victims families were awarded a judgment of 33 and a half million dollars
One of OJ's criminal defenders was heard breathing a sigh relief when the enquirer's story broke
I'm just glad I didn't have to contend with that during the criminal trial. He murdered
How do you like that?
The enquirer's scoop's brought incredible praise from the established media New York Times
Wall Street urinal and even the Columbia journalism review all published major stories acknowledging how the enquirer
Be the rest of the competition and after the enquirer's shoe photo impact in the civil trial time magazine
Evening the enquirer's editor is one of the 25 most influential people in america 97 and October 17
OJ's girlfriend Christy Proto granted the enquirer a stunning world exclusive an even which he to reveal at Simpson had confessed to her about the
Killings Christy told the enquirer OJ killed the call and he told me the details
How do you like that?
I mean we all know you done it
He done it and I think that probably suicide would be an appropriate thing right now
Davis on a lot more grief and you know the brown family and the golden family that can at least rest in peace
Maybe one day before they go for their long dirt nap. Okay. OJ
Just blow your brains out. All right, and I'm off already with your bull crap with your ego trip
Make us all sick and as far as your TV show is concerned
I have only one suggestion for OJ and that stupid TV show. Oh god about it. That's it. Nice going, Mo. Oh god about it right
Piece of crap. No, if it was OJ being chased around by you know
Cannibal pigmies or something. Yeah, then I mean for real like one of the rest of the rear. Yeah
That's real life. That's the kind of stuff we would all say fear the OJ fear factor
as OJ is chased by hippopotamai and alligators and wild animals through the
Oh man, I can just see that take them up to the Everglades to the glades. Oh yeah, what are we back exactly the wild crock
hood
There's nothing like a wild crock just ask great. I hope that you want
Who's your all-time favorite fat person dead or alive John candy 117. Maybe they love you John. They could come back. Please
Jackie Gleason 67 Chris Farley 54 John Belushi 32. Can you imagine the girth the poundage in this list here
Well, I have a fat knee or Rogers. I'm moving on up there 25. I hopped over Kelly Craig like she was on a diet
I got 25 that's the old fat knee or Rogers keeping mine Kelly's got 14 the current Kelly Jerry Garcia 11
Dom Deleau is nine big Wilson eight hello big
Martin who's good guy Marlon Brando eight John Goodman seven curly of the three stuages as in curly Larry and
Absolutely no
Seven fat Elvis five fat Rush Limbaugh five
That's before he started popping all the moxies
They've dicks in five buddy hackered four Alfred Hitchcock four Kenny Roosevelt's got four Dave
Cindy Green Street three Orson Wells got a pair fat Anna Colesmith one
Before she slin down to two 90
Louis B. Anderson one Stanley Struthers one. Hey stack Calhoun's got one biggie smalls as one at least used to William Howard's half and don't look at these that don't have any
Shepp Paul Prudome William Howard had a theft dusty roads Oprah Luchio Noparote WC fields
Fat Jerry Lewis and Paul Serrino almost 400 votes just four votes shy 396 and those people ain't got one yet
In theaters now the day after the day after tomorrow starring George W. Bush
The president the whole world's covered in ice you think we made a mistake. I don't think so
The president don't you think pollution was a factor?
Curent simple. I believe
I repeat
Who's to blame for letting this happen on your watch mr. President Saddam Hussein was responsible the day after the day after tomorrow
Then again, I don't have a lot of intelligence
Oh, no kidding 1145 quoted noon and we got the mad dog to win a show at the hooters this afternoon two o'clock in a derail no less
So here's that story and I'm glad they did send this because this is much more complete than the one that I lost anyway
X radio executive time for Kitty porn
Tuplo Mississippi a former official at American Family Radio
Oh my god
Which regularly warns listeners about the dangers of pornography muster 15 years in prison for producing child pornography
In federal court in Aberdeen, Wednesday, US district judge Glenn Davidson sentence carried Dwayne Stevens 47 of Tuplo
Who pleaded guilty to two council producing child pornography a law passed by congress last year requires a 15-year sentence for creating child pornography
mandatory
It's tragic for everybody involved said the Reverend Donald Wildman found her an executive director of the Tuplo based American Family Association
Which started the fast growing Christian radio network. It's one of those things you wish had never happened his family was devastated
What kind of a comment is that you wish it never would have happened?
Isn't that that Donald Wildman that goes to the funerals of people who die of age?
No, that's a Fred Phelps from
Sorry, I get them all confused you got your right wing bigot's confused
American Family Radio with more than 200 stations and 35 states fired Stevens who produced a children's show for the network
Is director of the children's news but Wildman said the Association is up to support the family financially through the tragedy
US Attorney Jim Greenley of Oxford praised the corporate cooperation of Tuplo police in the FBI in the case
The citizens of Tuplo and the Mississippi should be glad to know that kitty porn
Creators since his mr. Stevens are being held accountable
He said Stevens must now register as a sex offender and submit DNA samples
He must also take light detector test undergo sec after sec after treatment
On August 23rd 2003 to California men running Steven's home during the Tuplo furniture markets spotted images of possible child pornography on a computer disc
While searching for an empty disc. They turned the two discs over to Tuplo police
Four days later police arrested Stevens who remarked he had a problem which child pornography but hadn't touched any of the children
Now I'm curious because the other story had said that he took pictures of his daughter
This one doesn't say that
So like I said the other story was not as long been reloaded at any rate
In a letter to US district representative Roger Wicker
Stevens wrote I took my eyes off of Jesus for a moment and did something terrible
I took some pictures of one of my daughter's friends. Why see suffice it to say that these pictures were for in various sleeping positions
Let me hasten to wear that I never touched her person or are there any showing her face?
No, was there any involvement with the internet? I did not do this for personal profit but from a dark sin
Nor did I touch her because I didn't want to wake her and have her damaged
Psychologically and truthfully I didn't want to take a chance of getting caught sounds like a scene from happiness
I know what I did was wrong. Oh, how I wish I could simply undo what I've done
But I can't he said the American Family Association which boosts most of it as more than two million members has made fighting pornography
One of its top priorities. How do you like that? We don't want to say the word hypocrite. Do we know? No, oh come on say it
Oh hypocrites liars the s art. It's just like Russian is let's put all those drug people in prison
I tried him
I separate him. I will still pop in dangerous people
Back pain
Yeah, got out of hand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Who's your all-time favorite fat person?
Dead or alive and we're not talking about like Joe Schwartz. It lives down the street
We're talking about somebody well-known somebody at least ten people know
W.A.M. Hello
Hi Neil. I have one for the poll. Okay
Uh, he's more greasy than fat. Um, he goes by RJ. I don't want to say his name because I know he's great
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Yes sir
Is it the Neil show? This is the Neil show. Yes sir. You're nearly on it
Okay, um, just a quick comment through to his
And there's a story on channel 10 use this morning versus the elementary school
Where a student had written in their yearbook
In German, uh, they all get they come into eighth grade right
And he had written in German. I think it was debt to choose. Oh lovely
And now you have outside kid escape elementary all the news
Uh, fans channel four channel seven. Yeah, I was up to say and I did hear from various teachers because I my kid goes to school there
This kid is actually a good kid. He did it as a truth or dare
From a friend of his right and it was
Basically not correct for the more of a prank and anything. Yeah, uh, he's been suspended and it's gonna be if I think blown out of all proportion
Well, I could always is right. Yeah, there you go. So that's the story
It's called the old media knee jerk reaction, but we don't really know what's behind it. What was all about? Exactly
Thank you to those news
You know
Fiance a little uh, it's hooked up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a TNT
Yeah, a little uh misunderstanding there in the media. They can be a big deal, but don't do it again kid
That's probably not a not a good idea
Antisemitic punk spelling
Hey, listen if it's good enough for the president's good enough for that kid, okay
Except the ones in Israel. We like Israel. We don't like all the rest of the Jews, but we love Israel
That's what you know, that's what Nixon was always saying. That's what Bush says
All but he's good for Israel. He's only other Jews, but he's good for Israel. I don't I just don't get that, but what do I know
WQAM hello
Hill yes, sir has our favorite porn master Al Goldstein or our favorite hedgehog made the list yet
Hedgehog the hedgehog of porn run Jeremy. Oh, Ryan Jeremy is not there yet, but he is now. Thank you and Al Goldstein's honor. Thank you
Ron Jeremy there are people out there like Ryan Jeremy
We found that out today that I'll slip him into the building and there were people hyperventilate
You would thought there was somebody like important in there. Yeah, or somebody look really hot
He looked about his hot is a block of ice
Man, oh man remember that will be the ice man cometh. I think Ron was in that no
And in the cold Smith finally got one that's good to see look at all the people that don't have any yet
They got the big oh we got Luciano Pavrote fatleri le uh Jerry Lewis William Howard Tath Oprah WC field chef Paul Prudome
I can't believe you don't know who that is
Very very famous guys, but on TV a million times. Yeah, but he's a cooking guy
But he's not and that's just cooking. He's not a lot of water show too. He's a no in celebrity's big celebrity from no lens
You know did he endorse those potato chips? I don't know
Paul Servino don't have any neither is Luke Costello poor Luke Costello
What a shame he was kind of like a you reminded me of one of my dead uncles as a matter of fact
When he was alive I said yeah, and uncle Dave Rubene used to remind me of uh
Lucostel a little bit little Pudgy guy
Yeah kind of was he funny? No no and other both dead kind of funny looking five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WQA him hello. Hey, how you doing today doing great sir
Hey happy Friday talking to Neil got one for the poll speaking to him
Oh my god Neil happy Friday my favorite audience
Sam Kenneson
Sam Kenneson you won't see him no more um serious man, but like you were going on the poll about your favorite
I just didn't want to throw out any fat people my second favorite Canadian Rick fan shares, but hey
What can you say okay? Thanks second favorite Canadian
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
In a bitter blow up with OJ Simpson his daughter Sydney exploded in the rage punching her father screaming I need to
Then threatening to kill herself by driving off a bridge
They've romantic confrontation came just days before 18-year-old Sydney's high school graduation from the prestigious
Gulliver school at Gulliver School in Miami and was triggered by several things including Sydney's
Angra her father after potentially overhearing his murder confession plus a new dispute with him over her college plans. She's hot by the way. Yeah
The attack was the latest incident in a series of problems. Oh, and by the way, you know who else is incredibly hot is uh bushes
Nice he has a nice. Yeah
He's gonna be in some movie or something man. I didn't even know he had a nice while working on find her
What's her name? How can he have a nice or maybe it's uh, I don't know
Maybe it's a decent law. I don't know what it is. I'm talking maybe it's uh, uh, what's her name? Maybe she went into rehab
She has daughter to well no well. Maybe no well had like a miracle cure or something. No this I don't know she was someone of the bushes
And I'm not gonna even polish that. I know we can't see the attack was the latest incident in a series of problems involving OJ and Sydney is the
Inquire reported in February of 2003 a terrified Sydney called 9-11
And locked herself in her bedroom after Simpson exploded in the fit of rage
What's more, Sydney was temporarily suspended from the gullible school for punching a fellow student in 2002
And back what OJ and his children were living in L.A. Sydney physically attacked OJ's girlfriend Christy Prody pulling her hair and knocking her to the floor
Poor Sydney's got a lot of problems. She gets angry and physically strikes out at her friends and family and insider said I can't imagine why
The latest confrontation between OJ and Sydney was even worse than previous ones
She had just exploded in our OJ. It was a very bad scene inside a reveal. Maybe she didn't want to go to Benny Hanna
He told friends she and OJ were discussing her going to college
OJ wanted to go to a school in Florida was willing to pay up to the 16 grand year has been paying for gulliver
But he refused to pay anymore singing can't afford it
That's something he's paying 16 grand year to send her to a private prestigious school, but they have
Browns in a goldmins are still getting squat
That's because he did not a dime
That's why he came to Florida to hide his money and to play the old Florida game you miserable lying piece of crap you
Gotta see this picture him you gotta go out and get this inquiry leaf through it in the supermarket
Yeah, that is good as the other picture on that story we have online right now
Not that good. Oh, and you notice nobody ever called about that. They're probably what he what is that
Yeah, there's a picture of him here getting out of A it looks like he's getting out of a helicopter
So I don't know maybe it's out of a SUV. I don't know
And he looks really bad. Oh, right. Oh, that's good news
Sydney has been accepted at Boston University has her heart said I'm going there
But that cost is over 30 grand a year
When he told her to ask Nicole's parents to do the Brown to release some of the money Nicole put in trust for Sydney
She flipped out. She sharded and slammed doors screaming at OJ. I hate you. I'm running away. I can't stand this anymore
I can't do anything. I want to do
When OJ tried to calm her down sitting got even angrier punching him and slapping him you go girl
Sources say there's a haunting reason why Sydney is an odds with her dad her family members believe Sydney actually overheard her father
Confess to the murder of her mom Nicole and buried memories of his confession are resurfacing causing her rage and ongoing fights with OJ the inside of
He's saying
For a few days after the most recent attack OJ and Sydney didn't talk to each other
She walked around the house depressed sometimes in tears finally she burst into uncontrolled anger with OJ saying she was gonna commit suicide
She cried that if she has to stay in Florida
Well, that's enough to make anybody commit suicide. She was gonna kill herself
See even without OJ even if you don't even know who the hell he is
If you have to stay in Florida that enough to make a lot of people just blew their brains out
She said I'm gonna drive my car off a bridge and get it all over with
I'll be dead like my mother another source disclosed OJ was shocked by his daughter suicide threats
He's worried that she might actually kill herself. I got an idea. OJ. How about she just forgets about it? You give it a shot
I'm from OJ and I like rubbing my smelly grilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the new roe
Hey, I'm gonna eat the hour
Hey, guys
I'm not over
I'm not over
Hey, that's the juice of sweating
Who'd like to see
Do you Ben Affleck take Matt Damon to be your lawfully wedded husband
But I'm not gay
All right
Do you Matt Damon take Ben Affleck to be your lawfully wedded husband
Hey, I'm not gay either
Yeah, sure
I now pronounce you out of the closet
Oh, right
12 o'clock the little hand just hit the big head of 560 WDQ and mad dog from Hooters to the South
Noon and we got the four unfortunately the big
Oh
Because Hank is at the abelmont probably doing something for espn he's in New York
Marlon's on deck 635 to Marlon's at the mat 710 tonight
And he got the u.m. baseball regionals on a m790 waxy for those who care about that Tom jicca on the few
Em after the marlin game
Little Tommy jicca who's uh, well, you know, he is what he is. What is he?
He is well, I don't realize really not even worth it. You know, uh, making the effort
I was gonna say
But I'm not gonna do it. Okay
Come on Tommy fast off. What's the real story there? Why do you refuse to write about the big 106 about the ratings and about all that stuff get with it?
Who is your all-time favorite fat person dead of alive?
Here's the top five and I didn't know jive John Candy 128 Jackie Gleason 75
Jaha Chris Farley 62 John Baluchie 40 fat near Roger's 35 and you know the interesting part of it is
I'm the only one still alive
I don't like that just barely
I
The top five well that's because I ain't quite so fat no more
Right, oh you said well back at iod. I was like I'm pushing 240
Right right now 196 this morning, which isn't great
But I mean it's not gargantuan like 240 is just a big old tub of crack of course when you have three different places bringing food in every day
Right
Well, I didn't start at iod that started big time in jail, but it continued there
Zeta was brutal and of course it's Zeta, you know, you get up at four o'clock in the morning
And you're in there by five thirty or five o'clock and you're eating you're eating lunch at seven o'clock in the morning
And people wouldn't believe it, but we had like pizza hut
Who now was it was what's his name's brother-in-law members, Olten and sales?
It was his brother-in-law or father-in-law rather red was the guy's name good guy. How you know red? Hope he's still alive. No
He's not I don't think so. Oh, I don't know. How do you know that? I don't know
Well, why do you say that then? I think I don't think so either. Yeah, I think you're right
But anyway, yeah, he he he was like a manager or one of the pizza huts or something or regional manager
And he used to bring us all different kinds of pizzas and then we had a place where we people would bring us cheeseburgers
Where the hell was that one place where we get these big gigantic cheeseburgers? There's unbelievable
And then of course there was always ponytail. He was bringing in food. I mean people would actually for us get up early in the morning
Restaurants they weren't nearly even open yet and they bring us all kind of food
See because when you get up at four in the morning by the time it gets to like eight o'clock you're ready for lunch
And we don't need breakfast at all and you're ready for like a brunch. Okay. It was just a bad thing and that I would need continued
That's the great thing about here is that there ain't nobody bringing me no food. I got my refrigerator in the other
You know about ten feet away, but I'm not going in there. I'm not to have a little bit of that microwave bacon before the show
One thing I have discovered for all you diabetics out there who are not breakfast eaters
Is that if you do eat some protein in the morning a little?
Not a big breakfast, but just a little bit of protein like maybe some bacon or whatever
It stabilizes your blood sugar much better throughout the day as opposed to not eating until later on like lunch right
How about that? Yeah, that's you're supposed to eat something when you can't even know some of us don't like to
Well, but I'm just saying for people that are diabetic especially because it tends to
Level out your blood sugar better as opposed to having the big rises those big gigantic jumps etc
Anyway, it's boring five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
We're just reminiscing back in the old
Really fat days is opposed to now the moderately fat. Yeah, just one day
WQAM. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir real or fictional on the fat person
Yeah
fictional now
I would say Santa Claus. Yeah real
Also, I know your account for a extra food you got to go try out this place called council oak
At the New Hard Rock casino. Yeah, the stakes are fabulous really
Yes, it is eighty three bucks for a meal, but who cares about that? I got the big bucks. Is that is the worth Chris?
Better wow. I would I would definitely say it's better
Okay, okay, I went over for my I went over for my birthday on Monday and and had the T-bone
dry age crime T-bone strip cocktail it was a fabulous meal
Okay, thanks a lot pal. I have a hatty five six seven oh five sixty see I just get you talking about
See there a lot of food pushes out there. Oh, he's talking about a stake place nothing wrong with that if you do in the addkins
I'm not doing any of those I just forget about it. I'm just cutting way back starting as of lunch
Of course, that's still a couple of hours away
Hey, I just I don't know I just am sour on all of those things don't do it don't do what food
Well, what does that mean don't do food? Yeah, well, you know, you know what I mean
Oh, I just I'm just now I'm no longer sold on uh, I know the South Beach style is just a ripoff of
Andkins just a blatant grotesque ripoff with all those fancy artsy fartsy buddies of his to me that that's just
Outrate in fact just whistle the two and I'm gonna get the book
Of course, I was just saying to the wife here today how tired the residents are all these fat people talking about the addkins
And South Beach guy is how one is similar to the other and what's the difference and who gives a one
He fat lardos out there stop eating
Go for a walk skip a meal go for a walk
The rest of the real board the tears that always that hot
What oh can't wait
Now here it is
Well, this is really criminal. Let's see how much canadian 35 bucks Canadian that's criminal
Although it is comes out the same 2495 US. That's uh like Robert and the thing that pisses me off not only that this doctor
Aguistan who's a Miami Beach guy
And he's making a fortune it was number one in the earth times bestseller list
You know because we're all desperate all of us fat people so as soon as some new
Diet book gets hyped right away to millions and millions of us. Oh, we're gonna, you know, buy a book and lose weight
But at any rate not only is he do that but this part in the back of the book where you know after all of the recipes
Which lets face unless your gourmet chef nobody is gonna make these recipes, you know like
Tuna cucumber and red pepper salad with lemonade dill dressing okay
Moroccan grilled chicken
We've got like 75 different ingredients unless you're like Paul Prudom or somebody like that. Oh, you're not gonna make these
But the thing that really just frost my ass about you doctor Aguistan is this thing in the back of the book
where you've got these uh plugs for all your favorite buddies with a restaurant
So okay now the average person like in the buke Iowa
Doesn't give a flying crap about macaluso's restaurant at 1747 Alton Root in Miami Beach
Or their executive chef whose picture is in here and his recipe for mal macaluso style grilled veal with broccoli rape
Huh whatever the hell that is so we've talked about that before a raid. I don't know what that is
China grill Washington Avenue, I mean these are all his buddies and he's got recipes
Recommended by these top chefs. Well, what who cares
99% of the people who buy this book don't live anywhere near Miami Beach and I'm never gonna go to any of these places and he's got to stick
These guys in here to give a here's the roomy supper club on Lincoln Road, Miami Beach roast chicken with sweet garlic
Milled onion sour it sound like crap anyway
Really pisses me off don't buy the South Beach diet book okay. That's my recommendation if you want to go out and buy the addkins
At least with addkins they's got like uh, you know addkins made easy little paperback thing
Yeah, because everybody their brother ripped them off the guy croaked and then right away they all hopped on his grave
Here's the story about that yearbook students that keep a skin elementary will have to hand over their yearbooks today to have a message of hate removed
An eighth grader wrote an anti-semitic remark in German in the comments section. No misspell translated it means death to the Jews
Oi
About 450 copies of your book already have been distributed by the time a parent noticed the phrase and contacted the school
It's surprising that it would slip by but in this case it did say John Schuster of i mi date county schools
Students already had their yearbooks were told to rip out of page 66
Which is where the words appear school principal doctor and rascos also send letter home to parents in part at reads
In spite of careful editing to ensure that everything printed in the
Memory book is proper and good taste some inappropriate material slip by us the eighth grader thought to be responsible
Has been suspended for the rest of the school year which ends next week. Well, that's not a big deal
Although let's see his an eighth grader. So he's not going to graduate anyway
I don't like put a stain. It'll put a mark
You know, unlike the guy said maybe it was in the case as it was a deer right?
Yeah, that's what they say they should put a mark on that kid like with a brand
Random okay, like maybe a pink triangle something like that on his forehead, okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT see I don't
There's one thing to be a smart ass, but you take it to another level
And that's the problem with too many of these kids everybody wants to outsmart ass the other one
You know if you're gonna be a smart I put a dirty phrase in there, you know, yeah, put something really filthy in German. Okay, kids love that
Then all the goody two shoes are all better. Oh my god. What kind of kind of filthy? Yeah, and would be great
That's a kind of controversy. We'll sink our teeth in it. So let's speak have a good yuck
Yeah, all-time favorite fat person dead or alive John Candy 135 Jackie Gleason 77 Chris Farley 65 John
Volushe 40 the fat neo-rodgers 37 Dom Delewe is only 16 boy. There's a big drop off there man
Kelly Craig 15 Dom Delewe is just tiptoed right around Kelly
Here in Garcia's got a dozen
Curly of the three students have got 12 and after that single digits all the way around
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. You know what else today is the anniversary of 10th anniversary of
Well not the 10th anniversary how many years 30 of what
Can't even square. Oh, I had no idea. Yeah, today's the day
When they rose up and we ran to their support and helped them overthrow their oppressors
We're not in the nation building
Sorry, so we let the WAM hello
Uh, now that was a raspberry mark it down WDQAM hello
Not there QAM. Oh, let's go for three. Hello
Okay, we did it all right. Let's hear it. My psychic powers coming through once again loud and clear
WDQAM hello
Hello, Mia. Yes, sir
Mia? Yes
Offer your list. You should be ashamed. I can't believe you left them off. I bought Michael Moore
Michael Moore is sensational. You're right. We're embarrassed and humorily then and we apologize profusely
Is it going to be ever going to come out new June 25th?
It is going to be about June 20th. It's all right. Can't wait. You can go to my
You too go to michaelmore.com although last time I checked it
It was still like overloaded and they were they took the trailer for the movie off of there because there was just so many hits on it
It was just getting blown. I never did get it to work. Did you? No
Well, that's because there was just too much traffic on air and just too much demand
But the movie we had at Serenia's day will be in the theaters June 25th. Oh
Everybody will see Fahrenheit 9-11
The truth really start really seeping out
All these books coming out this summer. I think the what's your what's his name? Larry flintbook is going to come out
So see more herch his book is coming out as well
In the fall before the election just in time
All of these things as you watch just everything just crumbling around this bunch of neo-fascist
Bastards as well exactly what they are in fact maybe one of them wrote that stuff in the yearbook
My
I was saying in the neo-fascist
Oh, what's the problem opposite deploy from the vehicle
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt you will be removed from your car and shot
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2
The new laws in effect now so click it or be shot
Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise
Herping and fighting
But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2 eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot
It's the law
We like saying that the law the law
The law
The law and just to show you that practice makes perfect isn't a better edit
It's a special day here. It is the world when the screaming gaze
Meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more. That's what day day is for it's a day day after all
Oh day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we all come you can hear the squirts
We can tick go and tease with our manicure go tease is a gay day after all
We'll be holding hands in a tent show and now how'd you like that a beautiful
It was a long day here it is the world when the screaming gaze meet the rest of the girls
In the closet no more that's what day day is for it's a day day after all
It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we all
You can hear the squirts we can tick go and tease with our manicure go tease is a day day after all
I see what's that a big improvement wonderful much better
Well, see I can't delete the old ones in here for obvious reasons because they weren't put in from on this end
If I can say that so yeah have to be real careful on it like that one day a star plan a building
All right, this ain't the right one
I wouldn't have been able to recoup from that one just like that. Let's say that anyway here
Kathy says fat Elizabeth Taylor for our poll. Okay Kathy you got it
Here's a now do you know there's a new Batman movie coming out? I have been hearing rumors
Well rumors about what Bruce and Bruce and Robin those are the old rumors
He was his ward not as pedophile anyway, it says think you know Batman think again
The highly anticipated action flick Batman begins tells the Cape Crusaders origins in a brand new way
That cast him is a darkened conflicted good guy who nearly goes bad and inquire has an exclusive sneak peak
Take a peak the thrillings of the thriller starring Christian Bale
Who looks a lot like you know he looks like who does he look like he looks like an identical twin
This one picture is trying to hard to tell identical twin of our old friend Brian Andrews
From channel seven out of channel four or 90 wherever he is
Is that amazing or what?
Okay, and of course when you look at Brian Andrews you really think of
Batman saying hey boy, what's that in your mouth? Not really. I think a can't wait Christian
Bale will set around the guilt written young Bruce Wayne aka Batman as he struggles to cope with his parents murders
And is tempted by the dark side under the tutelage of master criminal Ross Aboul
This movie will explain how young Bruce Wayne transformed from a spoiled rich kid into a cram fighting legend
And like Luke Skywalker in Star Wars is almost seduced by the forces of evil a source tells me inquire
The film throughout the summer of 2005 I have to wait a year
We'll explain Batman's fascination with bats and the origin of the bat cave and also explore the pivotal ever
Event of Bruce's life the night his father Thomas and other Martha are gunned down by a mugger right in front of eight year old Bruce
As an adult Bruce plans to murder his parents killer
But ultimately realizes that the only way to avenge his parents is
Is a force for good who must stop Ross Agu from destroying Gotham city
Batman begins as a roller coaster ride from start to winces the source. It's the piece of the Batman puzzle
That's been missing well. I probably could live without it
But it's there if we do one or not. I could live without all the other ones. Let's hope this one doesn't suck
Yeah, the movies. I mean the TV show we love right nobody don't like the Batman that the way sure
You can even find it. I want to your retro channels. Yeah, that's always on it periodically. Yeah
But the Batman and movies have all sucked big time each and every one of them on your what anybody says they've all been really
In fact, it was one where there was wasn't even any Robin wasn't there? No, I'd like to argue with you
But you're right, so I won't
What do you mean by that they all sucked? Yeah, no, but I'm saying it was one where there was no and not even a Robin
Well like the first couple I think had no Robin. Oh, well, what is that? What's Batman without Bert Ward? Anyway
Lean detective reveals police police evidence. Oh, Jay. Jury never heard
Yeah, the cause of getting pretty a week as this point once we start getting those people in here. You know that they're out of material
So now I've got like about how many stories about third man
This oh Jay business because there's one thing about South Florida man
We can't express enough hate and discussing contempt for oh Jay to satisfy some of us at least I feel that way
Just nausea than we've voted not not even so much by him
But by the psycho fans the in fact this punk that called before what at the story how coming it was a guy asking for his autograph
Always if Chuck Manson would have walked in there with you. Oh Charlie. Can I have your autograph? Yeah, actually
How about Ted Bundy could we gotten him to sign
Somebody's dress before they put them in the big house everything
Has gotten like love letters while they were in prison. Oh, I know that every
Everyone was slime-bothered for children. Right
And of course don't forget them and his brothers right
One of them was married. I think twice while in prison. I believe but anyway. Yeah, he has a wig, you know
No, that's Eric and anyway if I can get to this eventually. I'll keep going because it'll kill it
Retired LAPD lead homicide detective Tom Lang is step forward to reveal the inquirer
Never before disclosed details of the oh Jay Simpson case including the shocking truth about the glove that didn't fit
And how the prosecution blew the case
Lang 59 joined the department in 1967 and spent 22 years as a homicide detective
Where's that homo side he was notified of this home about the Simpson murders and arrived at the murder scene about 4.30
And a.m.
During oh Jay's infamous slow speed chase and that was another thing that just nauseated me those those morons go oh Jay
You go those people needed to be shot. What the hell is wrong with people anyway
Man it is the this hero worship this hole not just with jocks, but movie stars you name it
It's it's a sickness the likes of which you just can't even describe. What's that all about
Lifeless people low self esteem. I have no life. Oh no sense of self-worth during the slow speed chase
It was lying her first contact that Simpson by a cell phone assumed the role of crisis negotiator and talked him in the surrounding two police
The veteran detective who retired in 1996 now runs his own private investigative firm and conducts fraud investigations for an insurance company
Detective Lang offers several startling revelations about the oh Jay case exclusively for the inquirer
question
What happened to the murder weapon bloody clothes and shoes answer
Seven months after the murders a witness came forward and said that he had seen oh Jay and at the airport
I'm not out of the murder. He was taking a late flight to Chicago
The witness said that he saw oh Jay take his arm out of a trash receptacle put his hand in a flight bag
And again put his arm into the receptacle
That's where he dumped the bloody evidence that would have convicted him
We learned that from garbage
From those receptacles that the airport would have been uh, let me say it again
We learned that the garbage from the receptacles of the airport would have been sent to one of two community dumps
After almost eight months
It would have been impossible to search through all that garbage the jurors never got to hear that information
Question why didn't the glove fit
Answer the glove did fit my partner Phil van Adder's hands were bigger than oh Jay's and he could get the glove
There had been some blood some shrinkage from all the blood in the test
But with a bit of work he could have gotten it on
Additionally had on late test love to protect the evidence and that makes it more difficult to put a pair of gloves over them
Remember this guy's an actor not a good one, but an actor just the same. It should have been done in chambers. It would have fit him
Question yeah, do you remember the way he was tugging like oh who you have his fingers all spread out like he uh, yeah
Question why didn't prosecutors end into a evidence oh Jay's attempt to flee in the white Ford Bronco answer
I believe they felt they had sufficient case with the DNA only a
So why take a chance and putting on evidence that was put together and obtained by the police because the police were on trial
The prosecutors realized that from the Rodney King case the police were on trial so why getting bit with the police
They were wrong in a murder case. You can never have too much evidence
Question why wasn't oh Jay arrested or released a minimum held upon his return from Chicago
Answer there was insufficient evidence to arrest him when he we questioned him when he returned from Chicago
The blood evidence hadn't come back yet. In fact the blood evidence was still being collected
We interviewed him and saw the cut on his finger
It's on his left hand
We knew the blood tailing away from the crime scene was on the left side of the foot impressions
That was all consistent but not a bit enough for probable cause
Did you even know that that the blood was lying on his left uh, you see that no
Question why did prosecutor marsher Clark put detective Mark Furman who was known to be a loose cannon on the stands
Answer she felt compelled to do that if she didn't it would have looked as if we were trying to hide him
He was the one who found the glove was caused the search warrant of OJ's rocking and property
Initially none of us knew of the existence of the tape or firmman repeatedly used the N word when defensive attorney
L'Effley Bailey asked Furman if he'd used the N word in last number of years
Everybody in the world knew he was being set up
If he had said that he used the word and regretted it as anyone would that would have been the end of it
Question why did former LAPD detective Mark Furman deny saying the N word which was proved only that he was a liar and persuaded the jury
Not to believe anything he said answer because he's arrogant
He was the only one in the world who didn't know he was being set up by the defense
He was inexperienced and high profile cases, but it was his arrogance that did him in question
Did marsher Clark and co-proncuted or Chris Darden's flirting and joking with one another affected jurors and ultimately the case
Answer where there was never anything to show that laughing nothing about if that happened between them
laughing
Question why did the guilt our setting move the case from Santa Monica where it should have been tried to the downtown courthouse
Answer my personal belief is that it was for political considerations
We believe that certain persons in the DA's office met with the OJ defense team and they were concerned that if there were a conviction
There might be riots in the street
Considering that there had been riots after the Rodney King case. There was real concern
Question why did judge Edo sequester the jury for almost a year answer who knows why he did that
But he panted of the jurors too much whatever they asked for he gave them he didn't hold them to a standard
They didn't follow his instructions. They were told to liberate and two and a half hours
They did they come back with a verdict nonsense
They didn't follow the evidence and the jurors relatives who visited them every weekend fill them in on what was in the media
lovely
Justice is served baby
Bronco driving buddy a a C-speak for the OJ daily. Do you know that?
No, I did not. Decade after OJ Simpson's infamous flight from justice in that white-forward Bronco with best friend A C
Countings behind the wheel the two bodies still get together and A C still does the driving
Even though OJ lives in Miami and A C's in Malibu, California
They had a reunion march 11th at the Luxembourg Hotel when OJ was in LA to work on that reality TV pilot show called you been juiced
OJ was waiting at the lobby bar when his old pal A C walked in said and I witnessed they chatted
Then they went off the dinner and A C drove just like the old times
And people running in the streets going you go OJ you go
On June 17, 1990 four more than 95 American a million
Millicans Americans were glued to their TVs watching the white Bronco as OJ and A C led an army of police on a slow-speed chase
OJ was safely taken into police custody as Brent would mention A C was arrested on suspicion of
Aiding a fugitive, but in the years since then
A C has never publicly talked about what happened during that tense standoff despite rumors that OJ confessed to him in the car
And that unwavering loyalty is why the childhood buddies are still best friends
There is close now as ever even though they're on opposite coast said an insider A C's a busy executive with billionaire
B Wayne Hughes company public storage
But he and OJ talk on a phone two three times every day these guys are like brothers
So at this point how many people as you confess to
Not third man
I'm not gonna look all this
He's five six eight
The radio's all yours
Thank you Ian
I'm
Here
Oh
You like that? Yeah, I guess this is the love channel where I join
Yeah
All right
So when you have a cheap board this is the greatest
Was an sagittal man, well, I guess I have to find the disc book that I'm not gonna bother and any right there before we do that
Former senators offer harsh assessments of nation security. Here's one of our bed times. There is a needs to be read
Okay, okay
The next terrorist attack is coming in the United States as far from prepared two former senators who are experts in Homeland Security movement said yesterday
Myself my hair is on fire said former senator Gary Hart burrowing a phrase recently popularized by former White House counter terrorism chief Richard Clark
I for one think it's only a matter of time before an attack happens again in a devastating way
former senator Warren Rudman said the two spoke at a McGraw Hill Homeland Security conference
Hart a Colorado Democrat and Rudman a Republican from New Hampshire
oversaw commission that warned of imminent terrorist attacks prior to 9-11-2001
He said they tried unsuccessfully early in the administration to meet with President Bush and vice president
Cheney they did meet with national security advisor
Combo Lee's a rice secretary state colon Paul and the threat secretary Donald Rumsfeld
But the ex-Senator said that beyond being respectful and taking notes little happened
Hart urged the public and private sector attendees not to fall into the Washington trap of gauging nations
Preparation by the amount of money being spent
Hart also criticized the administration of a report that shared database between the FBI and the custom service would not be operational until
2008 that is
Unacceptably said we can't wait
Both senators said the federal government should act at home more like it's engaged in war
Hart said tax cuts should be curtailed on the private sector which controls most of the nation's critical infrastructure should be commanded to
Secure assets under wartime conditions what bothers me is the rhetoric of the administration doesn't match the performance he said
Some of the Hart-Rubman reports recommendations included investing more in domestic security and in math and science education
Which Hart said hasn't been done. They also urged the reorganization of national security
Congress and fighting ways to attract the best people to government the recommendations to create a domestic security
Department initially was opposed by Bush
Rodman criticized policy makers for being driven by events rather than foresight and said congress has seated too much power to the white house
He said the government's poured money into air travel security because the attack used that means
But if the attack had come out of seaport the spending would have been there instead
He said the top priority should be to provide first responders basic equipment and allocate funding the localities based on threats
Not population
Rodman says the presence creation of the terrorist threat integration center helped unactive
disparate intelligence bodies he said he favors basic standards for chemical plants nuclear facilities and cyber security
Both senators said they backestablishment of the house and senate committees with permanent oversight of the new department
And set another chairman would have to relinquish your addiction
Rodman warned the policymakers. I think there'll be held a pain this country politically if something happens
And they're saying something's going to happen
How do you like that
Their hair is on fire
Get the extinguisher because they're flaming you know what I'm saying
Right
Don't forget join the mad dog two to four this afternoon
I'll be doing the show live from the hooters in derail stop by to win some really cheap ass prizes and
You can enjoy how to conveyor specials during the show and then join a qm qt's 8 to 10 tonight the village grill and pump located off commercial and a1a
Stop by for prizes and specials on vex beers and pump your hearts contempt. Now is that picture? Do we actually put that on there?
Air can but I didn't check
Supporters of cartoon as oh there it is
Now now is it possible that in one of his acting movie roles that that was it that the huh
I'm not what I've seen. I mean what is that picture and it's still there
I checked a little while ago on the New York Post the website to see if they changed it if it was an error
Yeah, it is bizarre. We haven't had anybody guess at it or make a suggestion
I guess it's just a mistake a newspaper making a mistake. Oh my god could be him
Look at the eyes and the mouth. Oh
Yeah, yeah looks it looks a lot like him. Huh? Just keep staring at it
WQAM. Hello. It's 3d now QAM
Out there 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. They're stupor five. We haven't had one person even make a guess as to what that is
So maybe it's just a mistake
Not a mistake. Whose papers don't make no mistakes like the arrow for example
WQAM hello. Yeah, that picture is one of the stunts he does to choose the people that says that the costume he's wearing when he does it
You're asking
It's one of the stunts that he does for his new show. Uh-huh
Okay
Okay, we got the answer you think I think he's right
Well, there you go for how the hell would we know that
We got you. Yeah, it doesn't the other
Yeah, I think we've all been juiced
Oh man freshly squeezed. Oh, I feel like it's been squeezed
Gingerly WQAM hello
So I got a guy for you both
Okay, how about Captain Kangaroo?
Bob Keeshin
He's dead. Okay, thank you Bob Keeshin. We want to put Captain Kangaroo put it on or whatever you like that
He wasn't he was plump
Pudging
Yeah, he wasn't you right. He wasn't one of these big you five people here
You know these these people are starting to like a lose the perspective on us
We're talking about big gigantic fat people not just people with a little bit of a punch everybody in America's got a punch even kids
Not got a punch everybody's got one of those
Even Kangaroo's got one. I've got a punch and Judy good
But you know this idea that the people are a little bit Charlie are fat. We're talking about big gigantic humongous
You liked outblown. Oh boy right
WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Hey, I have to get you off the subject, but you were talking about the chefs and all that. Yeah, you remember Jess Smith
He's a progo ball man. Whatever happened to him the fruity girl man
I remember the head of the real man. Now, now that you mentioned it. I wonder if that bit is one that we can still play
Probably not I think it is
Is it what does that call? I don't know. He went to he went to jail
To where he's a child molester. He went to jail. What's this real man? What is this real man? Just miss I thought it was
The fruity gourmet was a child molester that
Oh my god
There you go. You know, you know, you know, you never know. Never know. Thank you. No, I have a nice figure. Look at it. It's called frugal gourmet
The frugal gourmet. I love that show too. Let's see
Everyone from the people who brought you the frugal gourmet cooks with wine. It's the frugal gourmet cooks with boys
Yes, the frugal gourmet cooks Italian
Hey little man. I have some lovely sausage for you
The frugal gourmet cooks Chinese
Today I want to make some young guy
And of course the frugal gourmet cooks Greek
Oh
Yes, it's your warm and fuzzy old friend the frugal gourmet like you've never seen him before
He may be frugal with his money, but not with his thoughts
The frugal gourmet cooks with boys only 1995 the video store near you and don't forget coming next fall
It's the frugal gourmet cooks with malt liquor
I'm Michael Jackson beat him to that one. I think
That Jesus Jews. Yeah, the fruity gourmet. I love that show. Did you ever watch it?
No, now because you know like cooking shows correct you just like that stupid ass iron chef
That's the comedy show I see no, but the frugal gourmet you wouldn't have appreciated as much because he had like
A lot of scenes from Italy. That's why I love that show
The Italian food which I'm crazy about but a lot of it filmed on location in Italy
What can only imagine who he was doing? I mean what he was doing there isn't the idea of a cooking show to actually learn how to cook something and then actually doing it yourself
Not necessarily
No, and not only that but you're not a fat person see us fat people were so obsessed with food
That's a no you're wrong. You're absolutely wrong. Okay, you know you're laughing, but it's the truth that just in there watching it kind of like
You know this in this elevation process starts in like your mouth is watering like yeah
You take your pants off to watch those shows. No, no only the fruity gourmet is that
All the penny I'm not see how can't make those sounds anymore
All the penny whether you're eating while you're watching the show with your cooking up the store
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Well, it's either fruity gourmet. No mold. I've for a long time
He's doing some time. Wtf QAM. Hello
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
It's right off the court it's next to the
The star metropolitan hotel
One more time the name of the hotel. It's next to which is to have a block away from is the star metropolitan hotel
You go downstairs. It's a little trotteria. I think it's called
Trotteria
Amatrachiana
It is the most triana Amatrachiana
Get with that Italian or Georgia give us some Italian lessons. I hope you have a good time there
I yeah, it's got like two or three different names
You know, I don't know why that is I've been going here for years
And I've never been able to figure out what the real name of the joint is it's one of those typical Italian family run trotterias
Just about all of them are
Man is that a great I'll tell you the spaghetti tomato or which is very simple very plain or nothing fancy about it
No spaghetti with meatballs in Italy by the way. They'll kick your ass out say stupid Americans
But boys spaghetti tomato or maybe I'll present it's gonna have that while is there what do you think? No, probably not
They don't want them there. I have a massive protest in Rome. I should point out yeah there
But anyway, and I'll say it again the tomato sauce is so rich there because the soil in Italy is so old and the produce is so
Fabulous and it's not sprayed with artificial color
We're gonna all that other crap they put in and then they take and they put the parmesan cheese in
The spaghetti after it's cooked and then they top it off with a little bit of sauce. They don't drown it
And so then they toss it like all together
And it's just and then that's cheese like melts in the middle of it and then a little more cheese on top
Regiano parmesan and oh my god, it's just that's maybe on sex the meal in that place. It's the pepper or so
5 6 and I see right away you're starting at 10 that's any of just a little bit on egg
We're 20 and you weigh in
Do you like to set on color people
He likes to frame the color people
Oh
This is just a meant to be you know
Oh
Please
Oh my god
But
Oh, well, at least that we came close to playing it there.
That was a better than the first time, right?
Well, I actually listened to it off the disc on and cue just to make sure it would play.
And it was fine.
And then as soon as I put it on the ear, it started doing little hip-hop.
Well, that's in these days, you know.
1989 was 10 and a square.
Yes.
For those who care 15 years ago, 15th anniversary of that.
And the 10th anniversary of OJ coming up on Monday with a whole bunch of interviews.
And this Katie Korak is a scoop in this one.
And great of an sister in scooping that one.
And it's all the big scoop.
As if anybody really should care other than let us know what he croaks.
Okay, that's what we want to hear about OJ again.
Here's the fact that it says is the Hebrew hammer on the list.
Not yet.
I get him on there right away.
Hank Goldberg, get him on there.
We like Hank a lot.
But boy, he's jargant.
He's huge.
Still don't know who Paul Prudom is.
Does he have a light here?
No.
Okay.
Family of OJ's forgotten victim is still feeling the pain.
Ron Goldman is the forgotten victim in the OJ case.
The handsome 25 year old was brutally stabbed.
That's simply because he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Not a good idea being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
And in the 10 years since the tragedy, remarkably different fates have been fallen his loved
ones in Quarris Learn.
Ron had met Nicole Brown at a Brentwood gym and became a friend.
He worked as a waiter at the 20 Metzaloon of the Italian restaurant in Brentwood where
they don't have that great spaghetti pomegranate oil.
But nevertheless, when Nicole died with family members the last night of her life.
Her mother Judith and Brown phoned the restaurant leader that night to say she'd left her glasses.
Ron told, see that she's the one.
She was the chigger in a wood pile at Judith the Brown, right?
Right.
If she wouldn't have left her glasses there, he wouldn't have been going to the house.
He'd still be alive today.
Bitch.
Ron told Nicole he would drop off her mom's glasses at her townhouse on his way to meet friends.
He kept his word and paid for it with his life, slaughtered in the darkness outside Nicole's home.
His father, Fred Goldman, who was an advertising executive, lived in middle-class LA suburb.
Today he says of his shattered family.
We've been doing fine, except for a reminder every day that Ron's gone.
And in the happy times when they come along, we're missing Ron.
When my daughter recently gave birth to her son, she didn't have her brother there.
Those are the moments that really strike home and make it painful.
The inquirer learned that Ron's sister, Kim 32, married her high school sweetheart, Mike Han.
She gave birth to a boy last September naming him a Samuel Ronald in honor of her slain brother, Samuel Ronald.
In an exclusive interview on the eve of the 10-year anniversary, Kim told the inquirer that she and her dad have kept
after OJ, who was ordered to pay the victim's families $33.5 million in that 1997 civil trial.
She charges that the disgraced football star has many out of the table money-making schemes
and successfully evades payments to the goldmins, which we have a story on that.
OJ's got plenty of dough hidden away but victims get none.
Coming up. But when we get wind of something, he's planning, we call our lawyers,
and they pursue it, Kim told the inquirer.
She's glad to report that her 64-year-old father Fred is doing well.
They probably should have gotten the money that would have paid for that plane ticket,
that Greg Reed paid to fly me to our golf tournament five, six years ago,
when we didn't want any part of his ass.
That was, seriously, if I had to write my memoirs right now,
that was the lowest point in the history of my radio life.
Greg Reed, screw in, and a bunch of losers plotting behind our back here for charity no less
at a golf tournament to fly his ass in there.
And then they have Sam the sham call us on there.
Oh, we got OJ here, you want to put him on the ear?
No. Remember that?
I remember that you said that you wouldn't talk about it because we were here in rumors that
OJ was going to be there and then you said that you wouldn't promote it if he was going to be
there so everybody told you that he was not going to be there and it was a lie.
I said I wouldn't have anything to do with that.
But he was going to be there, made that very clear adamant.
So they said no, he won't be there and it was a lie.
Sounds like a lawsuit to me, Duff.
Anyway, getting back to the story,
Kim says she's glad to report that her 64-year-old father Fred is doing well.
He has a company he's working with doing lobbying and making speaking engagements.
He's in good health, seemingly overlooked and forgotten is Ron's mother, Sharon Rufo.
She and Fred Goldman split up when the kids were small, Sharon's attorney Catherine Davis
told the inquirer, even now she's so emotionally fragile she can't talk to anyone about it.
She doesn't work, she's not received a penny from Simpson since he killed her son.
Sharon made headlines in February when OJ showed up in her hometown St. Louis,
the pedal autographs and memorabilia, the bereaved mother and her lawyer tried to tackle some of
the widely running backs proceeds but failed. Sharon will never give up Davis told the inquirer,
will hunt him down wherever he tries to make a dime.
Now, this story which just makes you want to scream, makes you want to pee blood,
just ask Josh Beckett to tell you what that's like.
OJ has plenty of dough hidden away but the victims get none.
OJ Simpson's still owe is $33.5 million that was awarded in Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman's
families in that civil judgment but for seven years he's avoided paying them a cent
by cleverly hiding his money, says the inquirer.
The ex-football stars only visible source of income is the roughly 300 grand a year he gets,
poor baby from the National Football Ex-Pension Fund which is as a pension is exempt under law.
But the inquirers learn that Simpson has also been raking in money through the sale of memorabilia
and keeps his fortune in offshore bank accounts.
OJ's got plenty of money and a high to keep secret bank accounts in the Bahamas.
He goes there frequently and insides the source said, I'm getting choked up about, I'm gagging on it.
And I don't think OJ doesn't have a good time when he's down there. It's always a party.
He celebrates the fact that he keeps the civil awards from Ron and Nicole's families. It's sick.
In other words, this murdering son of a babbage and for him life is a...
Hardee.
Yeah.
The blackbuster disclosure that OJ is pocketing thousands from the sale of personal sports
memorabilia comes in an exclusive inquiry interview with collector Al Beardsley who says
money for OJ sports memorabilia is handled through OJ's pal sports agent Mike Gilbert.
Gilbert.
In the summer of 2002, I met Gilbert at the Halein in Burbank where he offered to
sell me some game balls that he had with him as well as photos OJ had taken with J. Edgar Hoover.
J. Edgar Hoover.
Some artwork done by Nicole Babichu in a junior sale. I'll be pissed about that.
Ask Josh Beckett.
Photos OJ had taken with J. Edgar Hoover some artwork done by Nicole Gifts presented at OJ
by Lin Swan and a few Game War in Jersey's. These were all high value items.
Some of the balls have been signed by football players who were now deceased like Walter Payton.
That's something when you have football player signing your balls.
On another occasion, Mike wanted 25 grand for the suit OJ were when he was found not guilty,
said Beardsley. He also had a ring specially handmade for OJ which he wore in jail. Ain't that lovely?
Mike handles the money and OJ keeps his own hands clean. OJ doesn't turn over any bucks to
the Brown and Goldman families. After the civil trial, auctions of some of Simpson's assets
did yield a small amount of money, but beyond that, the amount the Goldman's and Brown's have
received is not a penny. Zipity Duda, zero, zero and zero,
Brown Goldman's father Fred told a reporter. I don't know why we should be honestly surprised. He
said you can't lose track of what we're dealing with. He's first and foremost a murderer. He's a
wife-beater. He's a dishonest person. He's a sociopath. So I would be ever expecting to do anything
honorable. He asked and that's a pretty good question. And the answer is we would not.
What a slime bucket, man. What a piece of dirt. We hope you die, OJ, soon. In fact, on the
Vern anniversary of your murders on Monday, how about blowing your brains out? That will be
some good publicity, right? We promised to talk about it for days on end. But if you're this
due that for us, we'll take a seat. Yeah, table. Right. Man. So Teniman Square was 1989. When
we're going to liberate those poor press Chinese people, didn't we? Didn't we go to their
rescue and support? No, we decided to start doing business with them because they
like to start real cheap. They're going to argue them because they're a communist country and we
don't do business. Five six seven oh five sixty. That's only yours. Count five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line. And that's because your company don't have one of Bombak
Grande. That's part of the problem. C WQ AM. Hello. Yes. Five sixty. It's five sixty. WQ AM. Yes.
All right. I was just confident. The Roger says you're speaking to him.
All right, Neil. Yes, sir. What do you got? Well, how about the Dave game?
Did we put him on air? I guess we left Dave Game Offerder. He was on a poll yesterday and he's
on there right now. Thanks to you. Thank you, sir. Did you know he's still a channel four?
No. He's in charge of their website. Oh, no wonder. He's a civil screen for
nightly before. Exactly. Well, there you go. He'd at least he's still alive and he's still
got a job. Thanks, Ballet. All right, I got it. See you. Dave Game. Huh? People like Dave Game.
I remember what he looked like too. He was a huge and fat and real ugly. Yeah. Well, a lot of us
can relate to that. Your favorite all-time fat person dead or alive. John Candy 154, Jackie Gleesons
moved up 89. Chris Farley 72. John Belushi 52. The top four, they're all fat and they're all
dead. Fat and the Arigers 46. Maybe there's a message in there, huh? For me. Since I'm right next
on the list. Crowley of the three stuages 22, Dom Delewese 17, Jerry Garcia 16, Kelly Craig 15,
John Goodman 13, Big Wilson 9, Dusty Rhodes got 9, Buddy Hackett 8, N-8, N-8, N-8. He's dead.
Marlon Brando 8. Marlon Brando isn't just fat. He's just he's monstrous. He's just bigger than
life itself. He's an island unto himself. How do you fly in a plane? It's a good thing he's got all
the big bucks and he certainly wouldn't fly commercial airline. How would you fly in a plane next
to somebody the size of that? You have to buy a ticket to your own section. Have you ever had that
experience flying on a plane with somebody who needs the seat belt belt? I have a sender. The ultimate
experience. Really? Yeah. When I was 9 flying to LA, I had a giant fat guy that didn't fit in his seat.
Yeah. It's practically on my lap. Really? And they wouldn't move. How was it? It was great.
Wonderful. And Dusty, he enjoyed it. Five or six seats now, don't they? Huh? Yeah, they make
you. Yeah, they make you. They make you. Somebody your lines not all, but somebody your lines make
you pay for two seats and then they lift the arm rest and then you know you have one cheek on
one seat and another cheek on another seat. If you have like a huge, huge, humongous gigantic seat.
This is for 20 prices.
Oh, these galleries in New York, where would be this into Orange and Mirages I want to have?
Bye, bye to American Idol. If I see another special, I'll become suicidal
and no one cares which one of them takes the title. It doesn't matter which of them wins.
Take a look at play and ruin.
We knew that all was lost when Jennifer Hudson was rooted off
who the heck was casting for. Just Steven's thought he had it made but he was born in the wrong
decade and Simon said he couldn't hit the nose and the toy had landed really soon but she's not as
big as William Hunt, when he sings it sounds so wrong. How do you run a Ricky Martin song?
Real fintasia, or do I yet have we shown the door? Don't think I can take the show anymore.
At least not until season four, till then. The music's dead.
There's no more singing, bye, bye to American Idol. If I see another, I may go on a side.
Randby fall a sign and go away for a while. I wish you were all given a rest.
And that includes Ryan's secrets.
Poor hell is Nathan with video on what race is he driving?
You just emailed me this thing about his website?
I did. You didn't? Oh, I just emailed you something. Yeah.
It's an website of naked people. Well, there was a story there that I was trying to email you.
Oh, but you didn't email me a story. You emailed me a website that links to all these
and naked people which I don't see any of mine here. I see a guy's head.
Let me try it again. It says dudes in organs. Oh, is this like a worlet'ser? That kind of organ?
No, it's a joke telegram from El Presidente to Shalabi.
I was speaking of El Presidente during that bit. I almost interrupted it because I wanted to
like most people are sitting by a TV set. But if you haven't, did you have CNN? I'm probably not
because you would have been screaming about a binaugh. I've been flak. They showed a clip where Bush
was sitting next to the Pope or crossman and the Pope is speaking like that. And Bush is sitting
there looking like Alfredi Newman on a bad day with his head kind of cocked off to say, you know how
like a bird pops its head off to one side or a dog. But yeah, dogs sometimes they can make a
strange sound. A dog will do that too. But most often you see a bird do that or a dog. Yeah.
And like it was scary. I said they're like frozen in suspended animation. I just I couldn't believe it.
I mean, this is there are actually those of you out there who believe that this man is a president,
that this man is going to intellect larger than your thumbnail. I mean, calm on now. There are too
many important things going on in the world and the idea that we've been suckered in and snucked
in by the Iranians should come as no surprise. But a bunch of Dodo birds we got run in this country
right now speaking of birds, Dodo birds. There he is. There you go. Mr. Roger's secret baby
scandal. Bob it you didn't know I would I could do it. Did you know? This is a terrible story
in inquiry, but he's dead now. So I guess we can pick on Fred Rogers. Anguished mom searching for
twins. She says TV legend convinced her to put up her adoption. Every day may have been beautiful
and Mr. Rogers neighborhood, but the beloved kiddie show host family was rocked by drug edition
and affair and shocking baby scandal. It's been kept secret for nearly 20 years. The inquiries
learned exclusively in 1984 Fred Rogers son John fell in love with the woman he met in drug rehab
and she says he got her pregnant with twins desperate to preserve Mr. Rogers wholesome and
she claims members of the family pressured her to abort the babies. But the TV legend that
ordained Presbyterian minister convinced the anguished mom instead to put her son David and
daughter Eden up for adoption. She hasn't seen the children since giving them up and it's left
a hole in her heart that's never healed. Now 15 months after Mr. Rogers death the children's
birth mom Catherine and Shoetz is speaking out for the first time about her heartbreaking sacrifice
to the inquire and the hope that our readers could uptrack down her long lost twins or soon to be
19. Please inquire our readers helped me find my twins they need to know their grandfathers
Fred Rogers she said I kept quiet for quite for nearly 20 years and here's a picture of course
they were like little kids in the infants isn't there something the Rogers family it's all except
for Fred always try to act like I don't exist needed the twins their son father said Catherine
but now the children are old enough to decide for themselves and I think they ought to be proud to
know that Fred Rogers was their grandpa the pervert net sweater was their grandpa say I knew about him
yeah nothing is what I tell you nothing is ever what appears on the surface I never like to
not for a minute no he was always very fated me you know I thought it was wrong but you know
that's not why I didn't like him very fainting very fain I mean just I don't know he's just weak
very ineffectual he was a skipper Chuck he was no what's your friend on channel seven there
I have oh a Wayne Chandler Wayne Chandler couldn't hold the candle no not even close
John Candy's got a hundred fifty eight year old time favorite fat person Jack Eglisa 90 Chris
Farley 72 and John Balushi 53 all did WDQA am hello can I add one to the pole yes sir
Abdul the butcher that's another red floor it a company dusty roads real well they talk a lot
of that was a thing Abdul the butcher George says he wasn't fat very fat he was the one that
spoke people with fork from the forehead okay I believe you your don't know the wrestling
as much as this guy remember Abdul the butcher like he was sitting right next to me yeah and he
wasn't fat all right this guy make it up pro wrestlers had a bit of that this guy make it up I
think you better wrestle with your friends in the middle two okay I'm doing the butcher stacks
Calhoun was huge yeah fat well he wants to have do a lot of what you're on it's just
on the air I don't pay any attention to George he's off his feet now okay I'm not you feeding it
well that's right now where did you eat that food from this morning you were telling me about a
cheeseburger something rockets Johnny rocket Johnny rockets that's it what's Johnny rockets they have
burgers and fries I've heard a pocket rocket I see your thing at a something dirty the pocket
rocket was a hockey player on we were shard for Montreal Canadians I think pocket rocket right
way you're thinking of Kathy will it something we need dirty pocket rocket was a hockey player number
16 I heard I'm a shard younger brother Maurice the rocket was shard anyway speaking of rockets what a
nice segue Al kind of weapons found hidden in US oh my god fed say terrorists some within 25
miles of the White House will strike this summer this is also in the aquarium this is one heavy
duty and choir issue this week they're making up for lost time because last last year for them
very very lame if I say so myself hidden stockpiles of deadly terrorist weapons that
I'll kind of plan to use to murder instant Americans have been found in the US top government sources
tell the inquiry exclusively the startling discoveries in upstate New York and New Jersey with a
secret reason attorney general John Ascroft recently should be chilling warning that terrorists
are operating in the west get away to distract this summer sure if you believe that see the
inquiry of course one thing about them very right wing you do know that yeah extremely right wing
and it's set off a massive hunt for more weapons and terrorists uh safe houses some believe to be
located just 25 miles from the White House many Americans think that terrorism is somewhere over
there in the middle east in Europe far away from daily life in the US a member of the Justice
Department's anti terrorism task force told the inquiry this is no longer true in fact you're
here ought to be on fire ought to be burning so bad you're finding the intelligence information
we're getting and the fighting of terrorist weapons here in the west puts the threat of terrorism
right at our doorstep right on your front door when somebody rings your bell you better take a
close peek acting on crucial information supplied by Britain's MI5 in the Israeli intelligence agency
Mossad members of the Justice Department special anti terrorism task force uncovered one cash of
arms in New York and another in New Jersey they were being ready to buy the terrorist at a
Justice Department source weapons discovered by the feds included automatic rifles bomb making
materials and rubber boats oh they probably came from Cuba that's the hot mine during the top secret
raids conducted by the FBI Justice Department in the Bureau of ATF a special anti terrorism unit
of the New York City police the task force also found several maps and papers now being scrutinized
at the FBI are live in Quantico Virginia getting the weapons and the maps was a real coups said the
source the papers maps and the papers show the terrorists have occupied safe houses in Virginia
within 25 miles of the White House we've been on to these guys for years the terrorists are
difficult to trap they stay on the move and frequently change locations but the difference now is
that they're getting bolder and the more they show their hand the harder will come down on them
right we're holding our breath come down on them please pretty please instead of wasting all your
time pops up your bottle later in Iraq sacrificing American kids come back over here and take
her a business just like Gary Hart and Warren Redmond said okay with their old hair on fire
pretty scary especially when I saw him sitting there at that net cheer you had to really see it
he had his head turned off to the side like he was trying to and of course I can understand
it's not easy to understand what this guy old man is ramming over to him now he speaks 100 languages
yeah and not one of them is disciple that's a problem speaking of speaking 100 languages so did
Reagan in the exercise you know yeah see the connection there a lot of them they're my time you
know all of that crap five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the AT&T and horizon
wireless line wnaq and hello hello yes sir yeah I was involved in a piano box burials
really yeah burying some really fat guy up in here call has you you mean actually really do that
I thought I was just I was a sick joke no no no no this was one of the two fatted twins in
history they were in the Guinness Book of World Records tour and one of them decided to settle
down there and wanted to get married so he went into the health department where I worked to get a
blood test the guy was enormous he was like 600 pounds she's she gets his blood test and a few
probably about six months later he dies and so
that was a much louder sound than that yeah like that yeah and so they arranged to get him
a piano crate which had to be reinforced because they just couldn't
board into the ground as binormal means they had to get a crane and since I work for the
health department they also had to get a permit to get the sky buried in a what do you call it
a bed of course there are no burials that big right they had to contract out to a septic gang company
haha
if it might be somebody's front lawn right now in the camera so at the
at the very end they had to modify the the vault and of course they called me because they they
couldn't believe it's I was I went over to look at it and sure enough it was a
specially prepared septic gang for the bed it's over and then they warned the guy in a very
nicely polished piano box that had reinforcements on the bottom I'll try to thank thanks a lot man
you're welcome see you I wonder if the piano was a spin it I don't get it
you never heard of a spin it piano no SPI NET you don't know your piano is mister no I don't
I had any wishes we found out before you sure when I mentioned Whirlitzer you don't know your
organs either oh I don't Whirlitzers well spin it probably it's after one at five sixteen
fact you can spin it this afternoon over there at the uh derral at the hooters stop by and spin
that wheel maybe when a crappy prize or two or not as the case may be and definitely with a mad
dog enjoy a hannigan beer specials during the show two to four this afternoon if you try to lose
weight because you're big and fat like all these people were making fun of today including me see if
you do it to everybody else you don't make it a little funny yourself and it's bad but if you say
hey I'm a fat slob and then makes it okay makes it kosher see so I'm a fat slob and if you're
trying to lose weight on one of those low carb diets whether it's the uh adkins diet or whether
it's some of these other ones which I don't want to mention them here's the deal they can be
really really boring that's why they're so hard to stay on because as delicious as steak and
lobster is and butter and cheese and stuff like that uh no matter how long you want to stay on it
it's just uh even if it's just a few days pretty hard to stay on that but when you have a variety of
things with some really great taste you can stay on that deal and that's why we want to introduce
you to the lights of west bokeh now most of the so-called low carb products on grocery store shelves
won't help you lose an ounce selecting foods with the right ingredients as well as lowest
carbs is what it's really all about and the lights focuses on over a thousand they write low-carb food
items and products that you can sample before you buy a new store and they got a stamp that knows
low carb dieting inside and out so if you're on the adkins sugarbusters got forbid the south beach or
any low-carb sugar-free diet and for the lights of west bokeh the number one low-carb store in the
universe and let that help you reach your important weight loss goals they're open every day seven
days a week from 10 to 10 the lights of west bokeh they're on the northeast corner of glades in
441 right next to Boston market you can call them tool free at 1 877 low-carb LOWCARB or
on a web you'll find them at lowcarb.com there's only one but it's one hell of a story lights of
west bokeh it's your official adkins retail center my life to local here sports radio 560s you
are a unit that cares and I'm saying care the reason why I say care because it's so hard to let
things go when you care about it when you care about it I would say love and then everyone say that
you're a fan well I'm not
now when is in the bathroom better keep the door shut there's no other smell like it
no sense of buts and when he is snapping better leave him alone or at you he'll be snapping
because he's dad to the bone dad to the bone dad to the bone to the dad to the dad to the dad to the dad
and dad to the bone and when father's dick comes you'll see his presence lame you'll toss it aside
and ask friends the game we want to tell him we love him but he would just move and he'll go
fuck your mother because he's dad to the bone dad to the bone dad to the bone
you know I'm looking to get at this first I got the other one this telegram this fake telegram
from Bush to a chalabee yeah but the naked celebrities thing what was that all about where
that come from well the story it's from Uncle Scoopy which is where I get a lot of the what do
you call it beaded curtain pictures right they also have news some funny some real a lot of the
stories that we have on the website they also have there for example because it's a fun time site
this is one of those things you have to subscribe to we were talking about this before the show
right yes yes indeed if you want all these nude pictures correct boobies and penises and things
like that I know there are no expense to to find the good stuff for the beaded curtain there you go
and anyway so this is this fake telegram from Bush to a agent off med chalabee the address
supposedly 368 green zone boulevard back to add Iraq it says dear chala wali Bing bang this is a
telegram I hope that never have to send unfortunately this but all my efforts to prevent it
America's annoyingly free presses we've reverted to its uncooperative habit of allowing facts to
get it off message and so our special relationship must come to an end I'll always treasure the
nights we held hands and fed each other popcorn at the White House G-Noughtry Film Festival
while pickles loudly snored on the floor behind us but despite my personal affection from
this point forward my administration must treat you as a radioactive pariah that's why I wanted
to take a minute to privately thank you for all you've done without you and your steady supply or
of obviously I've convened lies about Iraq I'd never been able to suck her American letting me
use the military to settle my personal score with Sodomoo sane because after all 800 dead and
listed grunts is a small price to pay for me getting the show off Sodom's pistol in the
patch on an e on ebay if allowed you to pay with a bloody broken corpses of 18 year olds I
hope the Iranian contacts and my dad and all the other guys from McLearnies administration
said up here you're working out well and others I had told us again little prickly about America
these days so if you could please remind them about all the good times we had trading arms and
conspiring to turn Jimmy Carter and they total one term taxi and contrary to what you've heard I'm
not mad at all about you telling them I reaniacs that we had broken their code the CIA doesn't have
anyone to stamp a red array Iranian ease anyway so no harm no follow my friend and closing I'm
really sorry about the violent radio home I hope that your resilience of dollars in monthly
340 grand U.S. Treasury checks that I wrote you why you were hoodwinking us will help alleviate
any emotional suffering your pal George W. Bush P.S. good luck with your continued evasion of that
22 year old Jordanian prison sentence for embezzlement if this Valerie plane case keeps going the
way it is it might just might bring you on as a consultant that's kind of cute not really good
but it's okay told about two minutes yes something it's weak 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th
right as well as I do have some good news today for those people who are at the left of a
total of the hunt and don't walk around with them a slap on mustaches jobs recapture congress
question mark South Dakota triumph has Democrats thinking the unthinkable oh my god how do you like that
policy pulls the bad wagon for recapturing congress good old Nancy she's pulling it
a pure special election wins in strong republican states combined with president Bush's
skidding national popularity as democratic leaders giddy over the once unthinkable possibility
of taking back congress in November all right it's all about momentum San Francisco representative
Nancy Pelosi the House Democratic leader said Wednesday we're on a roll let's roll
a boy in Pelosi said Tuesday's win in South Dakota special congressional election and the
Democrats House special election when it can tuck in February show that her party can win back
the House and the Senate in November people who don't think the Democrats can win the House this
year just don't understand Pelosi said will demonstrate district by district how we intend to win
but Polo republicans deserve you that Pelosi and other Democrats are whistling past the graveyard
which is where GOP experts expect the Democratic congressional hopes will end up I'm amazed at
how Pelosi can draw national implications from a South Dakota race where the candidate almost
blew a 30 point lead said Carl 40 spoke to him for the republican national congressional committee
I know she has an obligation to wear members and donors to manufacture momentum but the reality is
it's not there even after Stephen Stephanie Hercett's victory in South Dakota Republican still
hold a 220 to two horses lead over Democrats in the House which also includes an independent
that means Democrats have to pick up 11 seats to take back control they lost to the 94 elections
the numbers are even tighter in the Senate where republicans hold a 51 48-age with one independent
leads Democratic yadi yadi and a partridge new poetry well at least they're like little a
little twinkling sign here in area and on set a little glimmer of array of sunshine we'll take it
we'll take whatever we can they ain't much five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA am hello on eal yes ma'am
just go on to my favorite dead old fat person is okay okay on you probably know what it is
gene heart remember him gene heart the announcer for the flyers you bet another taste of tasty cake
another taste of tasty cakes and I think he tasted too many of them yeah well yeah he sure did
and he sure did a lot better than gild he's gonna be doing this year so and since you haven't
mentioned hockey I mean people are missing a great hockey series they are what's that a cancer
maybe Calgary and Tampa it is oh come on that's a great series oh yeah have you watched I've
watched all of it in seven some of the most ponderous excuse for hockey I've ever seen in my life
clutching and grabbing and punching in the head and just the very huh so fast I mean there in
Calgary it's just so fast yeah Calgary is fast but there's not a lot of hockey going on I'll tell
you that it's been pretty disappointing to me I've been enjoying a lot I've not the teams I would
pick but you know hey I'm gonna tell you this Calgary team wins the Stanley Cup this will be one
of the great injustices in the history of mankind I mean you know you got to go out and win the games
but Tampa Bay is so much a superior team but you know they can put the biscuit in the basket yeah
well that's it's a shame it's a shame I'm afraid they're gonna lose the next one but I have not
too I'd like to see games heaven and Tampa anyway anyway so put gene heart on that list please
as well you got a thanks sweetheart thanks gene heart you got it that's GE and E I don't want you
putting like no G8G like a girls name on her GE and like I'm Jean Valjean don't be doing that
okay your big gene heart fan archie George who five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on in fact we might put a little lease lunch on there right now on the air and winnipeg at global
yeah okay no winnipeg or so we're gonna big fat bill waters we could put him on a list but nobody
out down there knows who it is a bill waters former a GM of the Toronto Maple Leafs
now he's just another big fat broadcaster which there are so many you know so many big fat
absolutely broadcasters five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless
line WBQA and hello hey Neil yes sir I will rehardy think we got him and we have him I thought we
did the goal is to lock up what I shouldn't on that okay what do you say he said how you do
now what did you just say he said the fat one in the skinny one oh the fat one in the skinny one okay
he's supposed to be on air anyway let's take a look down there to the bottom of the list okay I'll
tell you the people that don't have any votes yet G heart what he just went on air and it's not
spelled right anyway it's a H-A-R-T I should have told you that I mean I don't know too many people
who's named a heart named H-E-R-A-R-T but then again Josh has a little bit of a spell in problem
I'm sure that I'm sure that we're probably well since he's so popular and I knew you know I know
he was hey you're supposed to be a sports expert mister just because you're surrounded by a
bunch of hockey haters in that sports department here you're supposed to know these things he was
the great broadcaster one of the best of the Philadelphia flyers and then when they want to
Stanley Cup he was doing again eating another taste of tasty cake and and so many tasted tasty
cake that the he croaked fat as a cow now you just don't know you're hockey because you're in
soft water with a bunch of people all I know give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball
football that's all they know a little bit of baseball a little teeny-toned a bit of
back-to-ball and it's just a football town and I'm going to tell you right now let me say it again
what I told you the other day you're going to be so sorry anybody who claims to be a dolphin fan
when this come and see this over this crap that I think that the statement that wants that made
which what much more embarrassing than the one of junior sale made about the greatest defense
in history oh my god what kind of a huh it's pretty come I tell you rush must have given the
coach a Wilmos phone number no question about he's got to be happens and have you do the crap
to be poppin statements out like that the greatest dolphin defense ever I noticed both camera
wouldn't happy about that this morning either all those killer bees probably ready to like
have pounce right on this coach on one stand he ought to be run out of town on a real anyway
and take you feeler with him if they think that this touchy feeling and you feelers their quarterback
cancer the fact that Jay Fielder we're still on that team indicates to me it's just like okay
forfeit we give we surrender I mean can you really honestly believe that Jay Fielder is going to be
on that team again this year he's talking to you Josh it's nothing to believe he's there no
no but could you believe it no no see that that's my point nobody can believe it that's how desperate
they are that's how untoward they are the quarterback position that's how jealous they are
the patriots in Tom Brady and anybody else has got a real quarterback which ain't the dolphins
how about that kid on the jets what else is name chat tankton there's a quarter back see
that often's what they got they got a kid called touchy feely which right off the bat tells you
he's a loser and then they got you feelers you know stick a halva but that's about it
28 past one at five sixty wdqm summertime in South Florida guarantees three things heat
humidity and hurricanes were already in hurricane season the matter of fact you can't control
the weather but you can't control how you protect your home during hurricane season Florida
new code hurricane shutters installed shutters and over three thousand homes in South Florida
over the past decade from panels accordion rule down or Bahamas shutters Florida new code
hurricane shutters make it easy for you to pick out the hurricane protection you need for your home
call nine five four eight six eight forty nine thirty five for your free home estimate if you own
a two-story home you know it's a real pain in the ass you have to put a ladder up there to put
up those shutters but Florida new code now offers you a new steel panel system designed to be
installed from the inside on your second floor windows with no need for ladders leaving you be
a credit for your existing hurricane protection two third-day new purchase so what's not to like
call Florida new code hurricane shutters today and get ready for the hurricane season which is
already underway call nine five four eight six eight forty nine thirty five that's nine five four
eight six eight forty nine thirty five Florida new code hurricane shutters providing South Florida
hurricane protection for more than the past decade and look all this is for 20 or five six
coming up tonight on inside the behind the true hummingwood celebrity music biography profile
story they were two Danish guys who knew fourteen words of English then put them in a song
and scored one of the biggest dance club hits of the eighties they were laid back
right
this is Roger McCarthy reporting from Denmark we said our inside the behind correspondent to Denmark
to locate Tim Stahl and John Gilbert the duo who made white horse back in 1984 so far
no luck finding what's their name but you might be interested to know that
restitution is legal here in Denmark oh yeah baby touch me we know that later tracking down
the lead from a local Danish disc jockey who knew Tim Stahl our reporter went to a meeting in a
Denmark bar no
get us any here
oh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh here in a marijuana bar
where Mary Jane referred wacky to Becky told me legal they like bring it to you at your table
ah oh look at that lamp that is the funniest thing of everything
damn i got a bunch
uh uh uh uh well any music fans have wondered what the song white horse is about
tonight Roger McCarthy attempts to find out
um well a lot of people said it was a cocaine reference which by the way is legal here
uh at least i think it is
oh yeah baby one more time that naughty way yeah oh so Roger could we do do do chill on the
Roger stuff okay or you know my name is John Smith get it hey i'm married right out of high school
and i am never gonna have a chance to do this stuff again oh yeah i'm doing my little reds buried
Danish whoa oh lay back there from Denmark and i wish the producers had sent me the bastards
it's a big juicy shopping with look and show business tonight on inside the behind
so about that fake letter from bush to um so lobby that was a pretty weak sorry
it was awful is what it was but hey it killed a couple of minutes
30% of us diet found to be junk how do you like that even the late Peter Clayton would be
embarrassed to find out they were eating so much yeah wouldn't he i don't know what he
great were how's really great we're doing with that book that it seems like a strange thing
that what he great bar realize he's a public relations guy but usually he's with musicians
usually but where does he all of a sudden come up with this author guy they wrote a pretty
interesting book to his matter of fact which i forget the name of it do you have yours there
no i took it home right about there oh i see that's a good place for it now it's so pretty good
rose state rogue uh something rogue state uh marica war with the world by some guy
mobile talk about a monday make what he happy it's pretty interesting i just got too many books piled
up here i got piles and then we got that david brach book that you were mentioned the other day
that showed up right which i got to go out and buy that but i just i don't know anyway what he
did is this is very disturbing and distressing and this is what they're doing was they're killing us
i think they're actually really ought to be like a massive lawsuit against uh uh nabisco and who are
all the other big uh general mills general foods all of these people generalize an hour
junk foods such as desserts chips and soft drinks make up guess what percent of americans daily diet
fifty thirty man as obesity rates continue to soar according to a new study published this month in
the urinal of food chemistry analysis by the way while i played that last bit i was actually in
there speaking of urinating taking care of that business and josh beckett taught me how to like do
that and wash my hands at the same time sugar we sugar we food soft drinks and alcoholic beverages
are confidently twenty five percent of all calories consumed every day despite the popularity of low
carb diets five percent of total calories eaten daily include salty snacks and fruit flavored drinks
let's say thirty twenty five an hour until like sixty percent already cram
the lead investigator in the study glattis block a professor of epidemiology and public health
nutrition at the university of california burply said she'd expected that americans ate a lot of
junk food however she was surprised at the magnitude of it was mammoth and vivid and huge and massive
as rick riley would say in between going umpa umpa umpa umpa
i don't know what i was listening to the other day but it was something from the he used to play
all the time and every time i think of rick riley and the show his whole concept of his show was umpa
umpa you know what i mean like beer is good for you umpa would i remember what this bit was
of the song you do you know exactly what i'm talking about too much umpa umpa which is probably
whether or not on the air anymore in poor studies you know he deserves a better faith
yeah that's it that's hard as though i know misses block under colleagues hope the study would
help understand american dietary patterns in order to reduce the trend of gigantic
it won't it won't change a damn thing the researchers reviewed the results of a study of forty seven
hundred sixty adults conducted nineteen nine and two thousand by the federal government titled
the national health and nutrition examination survey wonder how much they spent for that
those survey were questioned in the foods they had eaten in the last twenty four hours
america's largest source of calories were regular soft drinks see i don't for the life of my
understanding why like my mother for example she's a fat tub all right she's almost 91 but she's
a fat tub she refuses to drink diet soda white i don't know she won't she don't like it
so when i go to her house for lunch she's got diet soda for me and she's got a bottle of
regular soda with sugar in it why do you drink i mean if you're going to have something with
sugar when i have something at least is you know i mean like candy or something i'm not
something good ma not soda regular soft drinks with sugar make up seven point one percent of
their daily caloric intake that that's the this great now how can i be so fat i don't drink any of
that you know once in a great way to go into a restaurant order a diet coke and they'll bring
in years i mean i have to be out of my mind when i can make room for nestley turtle ice cream
or something really good right find a world where i'd be drinking coke with sugar when i have to
be a moron and man you drink that it's like oh yeah seconding you want a barf it's disgusting
like those surveyed those surveyed consume sweets and desserts more than any other type of food
this is 40 this is just not fat people these are five thousand average american slabs
they consume sweets and desserts more than any other type of food my kind of crowd as a matter of
fact followed by hamburger's pizza and potato chips cheese beer and french fries also high on
list although they did not use mayonnaise in their fries because they don't live in Amsterdam
the number of adults who are overweight or obese is still the increase in 1980 according to
the american obesity association today oh my god these numbers are now so embarrassing i can't
even read it guess what percent of individuals older than 20 are overweight 56 64.5%
up from 46% since 1980 man are you people fat and me at 30 and a half percent the number of
adults suffering from obesity is more than doubled so we're talking overweight 60 almost 65
percent and obese meaning fat is a cow yeah and you know it's more than that growing by the minute
and so is the number because they're eating so many junk foods you said americans are not
choosing enough healthy foods fruits and vegetables are a little more than 10% of daily calories
see that's because it's very difficult they don't make it easy i'll tell you one of my favorite
foods is strawberries yeah don't you love strawberries have some like two days ago and if you
have really good sweet delicious fresh strawberries you don't have to put any kind of sweetener i mean
you could put like uh splenda or sweeten lower you know or you can actually put sugar on
her if you don't have to watch your sugar but that's stupid but they're really good you don't
need anything on them they don't need to be in hamster in bellished or whatever right now where
would you go right now you were going to have lunch where would you go to get like as part of your
meal some really good fresh strawberries uh the sweetenade it really yeah or it's awful works it's
uh it's kind of like a salad bar kind of a place but then they also have like a pizza bar and a
soup bar in there well we did that lots of bar yeah you can uh get different kinds of pizza
like they have different stations that you can go to yeah and i just they never saw the other day
they came up with me into that restaurant poll our effects yeah and i hadn't heard of it uh i mean
i've seen them around but hadn't been there since it's what it means since in other words since we
did that poll i hadn't been there but uh just recently i went and and it's good it's good
good place fresh stuff i'll be damned but you know you know you're gonna go right now it's
like it off the earth two o'clock i'm going to find a sweet tomato and have some wonderful lunch
some nice strawberries then you have to go to a specialty produce place if you don't go to one of your
uh those take your own strawberry places like drive your candle on the redlands or something like that
how about like vatins the market they're in uh on the davier road extension kind of produce and
how about like down in day what's that old sponsor mine in date county and kindle the produce market
right whatever it was well no you you know what the hell it is and it's a sunny market but uh you
know and then of course back in sunny's market and don't forget we're not around for a long time
just for a bankrupt time that's what sonny always said 19 deal to poor sonny and all the other
business people used to be out there at 79 street causeway what a shame it's called changing hoods
that's right just like they're doing in uh abu garera the changing hood when they get a little bit too
moldy and they start smelling too bad here's your company suffering from regulations that
increase labor cost that oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your
business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits humane uh Norman brothers
that's the place okay remember Norman brothers produce no payroll administration fortune 500
company employee benefits human resource services and risk management or just a few of the
services that oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call oasis
outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1 866 and oasis that's 1 866 to 866 2747 with more than
60,000 employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management
and outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
which lets you focus on your core business by leaving the operational details to oasis outsourcing
let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation no obligation
call toll free 1 866 at oasis that's 1 866 to 866 2747 for oasis outsourcing
my my and loco this is for 20 by city
absolutely
all the things that say it now that can be said
janitor and f**k then the ecstasy went through a pit all the things that say it now that can be said
can they giving f**k and john is dead and that we see a set we have had enough
uh-huh we have had enough
we're insurious sh** freedom totally lost if i say cuckled cuckled i'm totally f**k
told radio has one out of luck because the SEC is run by a f**k i keep asking myself wondering how
it goes to show their f**k and guys can say wow they have big stars you're just throwing the
town the ecstasy is run by my gold pal this is for s**t my foreign pal all the things that say it now
they can be said janitor and f**k then the ecstasy went through a pit all the things that say it now
they can be said can they give me f**k and john is dead ecstasy and that we have had enough
that's absolutely we have had enough
take us to at 146 1402 a 560 w to qums the american fn way now man censorship is running rampant
and you can't say f**k squat you can make maybe you can squat just be careful where you do it
speak out of that speak out of being raped in the pillaged and plundered and looted
i do see what this thing was shell gas yeah now either one of you uh put shell gas in your car
shall know i got a diesel
feik attorney sought a quarterly yesterday asking a federal judge to stop shell oil company
from requirement customers consumers decide the way their rights when filing claims to fix
fuel gauges then by tainted gas man oh man the only thing worse than it and duck for me this
morning nothing worse than tainted gas is a tainted ass for lauderdale lawyer david scotsett
shell imposed burdens and restrictions on consumers by requiring them to sign releases
and have their vehicles undergo limited automotive inspections ordered to be reimbursed what kind
of a bunch it's not bad enough to repay them like uh over two bucks a gallon per gas down well
on the way to three no but now we're getting tainted gas in our ass by agreeing to the settlement
to fix a bad fuel gauge scotsett consumers could be forced to pay for other vehicle problems that
might not show up until weeks or months later well good screw these oil companies and by the way
at a time when opek is saying this and the Saudis are panicking because of the attack last weekend
all these other excuses they're making at that time same time it's going on the oil companies
are reporting record profits again every quarter huh must be just a coincidence or maybe they're
just being allowed to rate the public you think or they would let them do that just like your
government would never lie to you would they one driver who called scots law office in the high
sulfur content and the gas ruined his catalytic converter and additionally was fuel gauge with the
repair time more than a thousand dollars a grand oh my god for the honor of using shell gas
scots and some dealerships of full drivers that warranties on new vehicles don't cover fuel gauge
repairs they've also told drivers that new car warranties will be voted if they take the credit
another shop to get it fixed i use anico and uh mobile when i'm there okay and you use um i'm
trying to think probably has probably has its real cheap no although i do uh hit the VP every
now and then well the VP is anico right chevron typically oh chevron oh well what are you
gonna do now it's okay chevron chevron's real gas as opposed to some of those like make believe
kind of gas oh boy hit a mobile every now and then depending on where that shell sport oh and
let me say this to you don't have a bit where they say at the end of the bit it says something
about you're gonna have to pay for air we we've got some bit where they were already paying for air
this is something i've been meaning to bitch and scream and holler about and i i don't know why
we're such a bunch of schmucks what kind of a communist bunch of crap is it we're now paying two
dollars and eighteen cents or two in a quarter whatever it is for a girl on a premium gas and you go
into a mobile station and you have to pay for air um what kind of crap is that it's a new revenue
stream yeah it's kind of like the abesley auction done the online auctions the rape the public out
there the unsuspecting public with the insurgency and so the abesley people put these online auctions
out there to probably a bunch of crap they got laying around a bunch of oj's old balls and stuff
like that i mean why could why would they give you something for free when they can charge you for it
i mean that would be like charging for water that'll be next selling water yeah oh i mean they
do charge you to clean your car i understand that for the vacuum thing which is another ripoff
that's just a rape that don't cost a man that's just a suction thing i mean scurrants it that's no
big deal but the idea of charging for air that that's that's one step away from charging me to
breathe the fresh air you see what i'm saying sure chair and i think one of the stations it was
like fifty cents fifty cents we don't want no punk kids filling up their bicycle tires why not
for free why not were they gonna get the air
that was no raspberry okay that was absolutely i know my raspberries were talking strawberries
raspberries another assorted fruit i know my fruit mister it was a part of no raspberry that was
i should have reached right down here and dumped that baby because it sounded to me like you
just did that yourself there's a bike tire and i think dump was the operative word there that
that was bad enough you better stay better check the tape on that baby okay
that was really better almost get to the weekend another fine week here on his show almost get
to the weekend and little drawer drops one out that was just grotesque welcome like a grown man week
anyways god said some dealerships and full drivers at warranties on new vehicle i just read that
shelz spokesman shron fredrich said shelz is a draft release form for customers to sign when
filing claims but hasn't required anyone to sign anything yet fredrich said shelz also
explain ways for customers to have their vehicles repaired without having to pay the cost
upfront for the formal processes in place yet we're deeply sorry that customers are impacted by
the situation fredrich said we take this matter very seriously and encourage customers
of experienced fuel gauge related issues to contact our customer service center for assistance
michelle tuggle afford lottery all filed two claims after fuel gauges in her vaults wagon
pusat and Mercedes vehicles malfunctioned last week shelz insurance company center were later
which asked her to obtain two estimates for each car upon receipt will review your care for
consideration if needed we may elect have your vehicle inspected letter stated tuggle said
letter infuriated her because it wasn't signed and the toll free number listed at the bottom is not
is not a working number i've been a loyal shelz customer almost exclusively for 20 years and this
is what i get she said they're telling me i have to get four estimates who's going to pay for my
time and after their review maybe they'll elect to cover my claim maybe well hubbim and drear
think is what she said for shelz and go to hell you people at shelz that's bad
the rape of the american boy i have to see this little this little punky kid at the spelling
being out did you see that they showed it a hundred times the other kid did you see him pass out
no that yet he fainted maybe the she won't see it now going oh this little nerdy kid are they
gonna pick on that kid in school or what one actually oh here you go there you go
laughs while on screen you can laugh while on stage got up he then got up he actually got up
and then spelled his word correctly actually also spoke i can't believe you haven't seen that
no no yet i had shown it about 50,000 times already 152 at five sixty wq i mad dog doing
a show at the hooters this afternoon in the dorao with the heat of the summer here right now
speaking of cars now it's a great time to get out of that car you've been driving get yourself
into a great new toyota from armstrong toyota of homestead on us 120 minutes out of the 836
they're worth to drive the safe thousands on great new toyotas with rising gas prices maybe you
want to car with more fuel economy the legendary toyota i love the way this spelling man fat boy you're
an idiot the legendary toyota corolla can be yours for just 11 990 or lease it for just 209 a
month need a great toyota for that college or high school graduate how about the toyota echo
lease prices just 1 99 need a truck the v6 to it a tonne for regular camp can be lease for just
239 a month looking for the hottest new cars around check out the corolla xrs and solar
convertible now in stock at armstrong toyota of homestead armstrong toyota homestead is locally
owned and operated make sure that you're happy customer they'll do just about anything including
standing on their head and their service departments even open late to late week nights to make sure
your service work is done and get this armstrong toyota homestead was the first to eat a draw for
your free tires and batteries for life and now they're the first to offer your free replacement
parts for life you heard me right batteries and free parts for life nobody know where to do that
so i waste time and gas driving all over town especially without gas price the way it is to all
those big shot mega dealers with their screaming car spots who then give you a big letdown do the
smart things see davi rich the gm at armstrong toyota homes today for an unbeatable deal that's
armstrong toyota homes did rabble little and save a tonne i'm at great new toyota two days
three years old your
you win
Friday you bastard
santaana you heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas and on the latest hit with Michelle
branch
everybody wants santaana on their song so we've compiled a city collection of every artist santaana
has ever played with like m&m
the dixie chicks
and
on tray of the jelly
it's santaana's wicks for everyone cd including unreleased tracks from carlos and
chung tesh with some day your gwilland
yes he's a guitar playing whore who will play with anybody except of course kelly Clarkson
no way man santaana's licks for everyone order now and receive a personalized bonus track where
you're very own birthday song
call now see i would like to debate that myself they say santaana licks i think santaana sucks
myself but nevertheless i don't know him that well some people would say he blows
158 at five six you watch your step now mister watch your step
just like it says in those moving the walkways at the airport at skippel and i'm stood on watch
your step watch your step treading lightly kevin krewt thank your seats
there's nothing like the duck speaking this man or just something about it like sends
goose bumps up the back of my spine i like the english speaking english
it's kind of good you mean like in south florida when's that gonna start
oh you mean the brit speaking english no i don't i can't stand that that's just that that turns
be the other way turns me around anyway how's that pull come and who's your end the thing about
the uh i'm i will never ever this is my pledge to myself i'll never ever buy gas at a gas station
where they're going to charge me for air in my tires i just won't do it
yeah right why should you have to pay for air what what kind of a bunch of garbage is that
some of us bought an air compressor for our homes so we don't have to put up with that well good for you
i think maybe i should be doing that a big shot like me
who is your all-time favorite fat person dead or alive was our pull question today and you
notice there's an awful lot of dead people here before their time john candy leading the way
177 jackie gleece 102 chris farly 83 john belushi 63 the formerly fat neo-rodger the old fad version 57
curly of the three stu just 32 jerry garcia 21 don deliwies 20 kelly crags 17 come on kelly
loose announced please we love you john goodman 15 dusty roads 10 big Wilson 9
marlin brando 9 michael morris god 9 he should be doing better than that i would have voted for him
10 kimisin 8 buddy hack at eight fat roch limbaugh 8 see it goes to show you a pop a lot of oxy's man you
can lose weight it's great he's got eight lucaz deliw 8 alpha hitchcock 7 the fat Elvis 7 the
humpers got seven david xin six or some else five fan and a cool smith five ron jeremy four and
teddy rozevelle four ever seem together teddy rozevelle ron jeremy no same person bye bye bye
you might need for learning this is the base of fat you
