What are we gonna do over horse traces later?
I'm telling you, we are sports radio fighters.
We are sports radio fighters.
I think she's a dog, but I'm being so, you know how much of a dog that's right?
I don't know how to call his, I don't know what he's waiting for.
I'm going to have to dig in his own.
I'm going to have to put it in my airs for Asians.
They are waiting for me.
I don't even have children.
They're all alone.
Yes, I want your tanker and J.P.
They're really, really.
Is that great, Gordon?
I can't good joke.
I like to be there.
Really?
Not to mention he's got extraordinary, never-least smooth deposits.
Oh, yeah!
You're gonna be good, what would you say here?
Oh, thank you, ma'am.
No, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
I was the way that down there in the Miramag.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh wait, by the way, something-
No, I have to go.
I told you what.
I'll hold you open up right now.
How's that, man?
I'll give you one of my old tanked patients.
How's that?
You know what?
That was the only color we had.
The things I know that were going again.
They're going, going, going, going.
They're going, going, going.
Wow!
You got to sing with the things.
I know that I just sing.
And around those golden pimples, you saw my eyes.
If you go looking down here, I just sing.
A rose-knife of kids, I'm in me.
You got to hear me sing.
Way too tight.
I know it's glow when something stays.
Almost every day I sing.
Am I vain?
So shall I start the pickles?
I add the noise and the door to door to door.
Yeah, I told you I'm falling apart.
And when I talk about the grand deal,
I'm going to play with the little person with wiggle baby.
And when I talk to the old person,
I'll tell you, tell him, just tell him,
we're here.
I know that I'm leaving wiggle baby.
I know that I'm going to play with the little girl.
I know she'll be there.
Tell us, Ray, and that's, of course,
all the crying for Jackie Johnson,
you know, for you talk about overweight development.
I'd rather hear about Jackie Johnson and Ronald Reagan,
I'll play with her.
Anything to be a Brenta fish here at this point.
Here's the fact that says Paul and Old Ron are not doing
webpoles.
Can you believe the Nerva Dees' copycats?
Sure, sure.
Right now.
The copy of everything else we do,
and everybody else does.
Why the hell wouldn't they copy that?
In fact, remember Omelet?
They used to work on it, Joe?
He told me that every time Paul farts, it's an egg fart.
That's how unoriginal he is.
That's what he told me.
Yeah, I'll think about it.
Anyway, so I voted on their poll.
They wanted to replace who should replace Jackie Johnson on Channel 7.
Not that I care, because first of all,
I'm almost never there to see it anyway.
Number two, I would never watch Channel 7.
Number three, Jackie Johnson's a horse face with big breasts.
See, the size crowd, you know, the size queens and the size
whatever you call them.
We're just into big breasts and big penises,
and don't care what it's attached to.
I have nothing but content and dismay for those people.
They're entitled, but I find that rather, I don't know.
She has a pretty face.
Who?
Jackie Johnson?
No, she is not.
Okay.
We've already been through this a million times.
She's got a donkey face.
Okay.
But anyway, Jackie Gerrito from a Univision Vainty Trace
is head-way ahead.
I voted for Bob Weaver, who's doing very well on there.
He needs to do something.
He's time for second place with 18%.
So nice, Paul.
Paul, Paul Paul, Paul Paul, Paul Pott.
Yeah, nice Paul Pott.
Idiot.
And anyway, we'll give you some more good ideas this time,
because obviously you guys are sure going to need to make no mistake about that.
Let's see, what retail place in South Florida you hate the most?
That was our poll yesterday, very popular poll.
A lot more popular than the weather.
I didn't see actually how many votes were on there.
Now, that would have been interesting.
They only show you percentages.
But like the QA and website, because the numbers would be very embarrassing.
Right.
In other words, the total number of votes might be...
Not good, man.
Yeah, which is a little embarrassing.
We have no problem showing that we had 1768 votes on our poll yesterday.
And if most people didn't have AOL, we'd have probably had about 5,000, but they can't do it.
What retail place in South Florida you hate the most?
Walmart wins fairly handily with 450 fuel.
I will be afraid to win this one for being a strong second with 331.
Now, let me just say this, because I did read that win this one is doing some refurbishing
and some fixingism.
They need to do a lot more than just be furbishing.
You people will win this if you were smart.
Not like Fredo, but if you're really smart, you would like revolutionize your stores and put the invest money to make a must-
Spank and break.
Yeah, you know what I'm talking about.
Or just spank them.
Anyway, they have 331 win this.
A lot of people are not too into their schmutz.
Grazemar 184.
And you were nervous about putting them on there.
I don't understand quite frankly.
What do we have to do without Goldstein?
I don't know anybody by that name.
Who's part 100-E for?
As a matter of fact, the people at work at brands mark a lot of them who like me.
It's just that the ownership or management level there are those born again and their fanatics that hate me like poison.
So why?
I would never shop there again.
I wouldn't care if they gave me to merchandise for free, although.
Eckers 157 came out 119 and then it's way down.
Radio Shack 92.
And they want your name, address, shoe size.
They want to know how big it is.
Rooms to go 72, Home Depot 57, Best Buy 49, Comp USA 45, Pet Boys 43.
I hate that name.
That name just bothers me.
I've always asked.
I never bought anything there, but I just don't like that name.
Pet Boys.
What does that mean?
What would you call it?
Gay boys.
No, no, seriously, Pet Boys sounds like Pepto Bismol.
You have a sour stomach or something.
Like Pepsi.
Circuit City 40, Albertsons 38, which are quite frankly there aren't many of them anymore.
That's a store.
Well, there's one over there by Peter's Road and University.
You know what that one is?
No.
You know?
I mean, I'm sure I can buy them.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
I have everything.
What I am doing.
I am doing.
How is your doing?
How long did you do that?
That around six to seven days.
A lot of people stopped followinguni mic anuncially Nope.
What you have come all the way.
What you have come all the way?
What you have come all the way.
What walking?
I'm gonna tell you.
I have never heard of anything like, have you?
No, no.
I mean, it's one thing, prank something like that,
people will pull you out of be cubed, funny,
when a low is head 13, I was the end of the pool.
Okay, now we should say that we've had some stories,
we've seen some things and, you know,
I've seen some things.
Yeah, I know.
We don't wanna hear about those.
Yeah.
You would.
Back at IOD and here and all this,
it's crazy, radio's crazy.
But now like this, never like this.
So evidently, what happened yesterday,
and of course Moe is, it sounds like that scene
from the hit you, we're seeing Thomas Howard,
we should wreck your hour on the jail and he goes,
oh, oh.
And spits all over his chin, you know,
and then wreck your hour kind of wipes it off
with that very bizarre look on his face.
And there's something going on between those two,
you know, the rag, huh?
Remember clockwork words, same kind of a thing there,
Mr. Deltoids.
Oh yeah, right.
Alex there because the other house,
yeah, I certainly do.
Mr. Deltoids.
Oh, I'm not Mr. Deltoids.
But at any rate, so Moe Howard,
David, it takes a gulp of water out of a bottle,
bottle of water, and spits right in the beast's face.
That's correct.
Right.
So then this morning, just to show that he had the cahons
to get even with him, and I guess this is the spinning challenge.
Rumor has it that Josh Beckett is gonna be throwing a spinner
and that's gonna be in his repertoire,
but it's not gonna be spit, but at any rate.
So now the beast takes a gulp of water,
it spits all over a moe's pus.
Oh Jesus.
That's right.
That's sex.
Wow.
And then Moe was running in on the Joe Rose Show
to announce breathlessly that I took my hat to the base.
I didn't think he had the cahons to do it,
but I took my seas trying desperately to suck around with him again.
I mean, he's made the rounds with everybody else,
and everybody else in the building,
no one anything to do with him.
So now he's going back to the beast,
he's going back to square one,
because I think other than getting Carol in the show,
while I was at that show, the beast was the first
when he tried to get fired at it, even before you.
No, I was the first.
Were you the first?
You were the first.
Well, that didn't work.
All of it came pretty close, you'd be amazed
at how close you are within a hair's breadth.
At any rate.
So they're like spitting up a storm there
on a moe's show, as Moe tries once again
to find somebody to latch onto, to cling onto.
Estella Warren ate no Jackie Johnson, I've said it that.
She's got Jackie Johnson to beat hands down your pants.
She's behind our beating curtain today,
and you wouldn't agree that Estella Warren looks better
than Jackie Johnson on even on a bad day?
Oh yeah, no, Estella Warren looks better than Jackie Johnson.
She is still a Warren,
and somebody that if you've got excited about her,
I'd say now I can understand that.
I can definitely feed your joy.
But this Jackie Johnson business,
this Jackie Johnson business is just overdone.
In fact, that would be good pull.
What's been overdone more?
Jackie Johnson, now how hot she is,
or Ronald Reagan's death.
Oh, God.
There's nobody in a box, by the way.
I don't care what anybody says.
There's a, if I wouldn't surprise me,
if one of these minutes it tops open
and Gordon Lee jumps out.
He's in there with a rat.
Estella Warren is a strawberry blonde vixen,
who's well underway to fame and fortune.
As tons of fans wanting to catch a glimpsiver,
he's a former professional swimmer
whose model for sports illustrated swimsuit edition
can be some ad billboards everywhere.
It's quite a change from the young model,
who only a few years ago was closer to going to the Olympic
games as a national champion swimmer
than doing the runways of the Paris catwalk.
Uh, Estella Warren was born December 23rd 1978,
to an elementary school principal mother
and automobile self and father.
The body of a swimmer with a face of a wayward girl
that could be more, what could be more luring
by a still-is-own admission she likes to transfer
around nude and considers clothing irrelevant.
Estella declares coming from a barely-clothed child
that is a swimmer makes one really comfortable
with my body.
I'm comfortable with her body.
Well, you'd like to be.
As a professional swimmer, Estella moved to Toronto
at the age of 12.
Oh!
To train with the national sacred-ass swim team.
Estella has already been living on her own
in Toronto for four years,
so the moved in New York City to pursue a modeling career
with the other physical one.
Her father became a manager and modeling agent
when Estella decided to exchange the pool goggles
for a high heels and a very smart career move.
Next thing Estella knew she was doing,
photo shoots for professional fashion photographer Ellen
Van Unworth, and posing for Italian vogue.
As words spread of her beauty, so did her exposure.
Now Estella's beautiful face was on the covers
of the French and Spanish Marie Claire,
French German Spanish Italian L,
German GQ as well as Yahoo Internet Life.
And she's appeared for ads in 80 billion different things.
Chanel Estella hasn't changed much
from her days growing up in the Ontario suburbs
where she had her reputation as someone who likes to party,
eh?
Like she's not posing for photographers
and Estella enjoys horseback riding, she likes to ride.
Playing the piano, singing and course swimming.
She's no stranger to her in a swimsuit,
but featured in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition,
product on the beaches with fellow models,
Latisha, Castan, Heidi, Cloum.
Am I saying that right?
Yes.
Estella's presently signed with modeling agencies
in New York, Paris, London, Milan,
and the sexy champion supermodels
wanted to take her talents to be silver screen.
Let's see, she was born December 23rd, 1970,
which makes her about 25, you're right.
So she's behind the hidden curtain today.
Now we leave it up to that other stuff
that I asked crop montage.
You know it?
Or if you fail to see that yesterday,
trust me when I tell you.
Ah!
Ah!
We are sports video fighters, you know?
You am.
That my junior, honey.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I got a great idea of how they can say what kind of money the American school says and just teach fractured history all I have to do is eliminate the teachers and just have three TV monitors up on there. One with
CNN, one with Fox News, one with MSNBC. Oh, it only goes to watch all day and learn the fractured
the history of the world of America. Like we're doing all this week with this Reagan crap. I mean,
it's just, well, it ever end or man. Here's a fact that says you know you're in Windixia when you
hear the voice on the PA system announce now on sale, auctioned sale, 49 cents a pound in the
butcher department. It's just a prevalent odor of Windixia is enough to keep me out. Well, I don't
want to say it's only in this year, but I've been in many supermarkets in my life when you walk in and it
just happens to be the right day and you're downwind from the seafood department. Oh my God on the
right day. Wow. On any day when I got the oh, and I even people that like fish, right? Like
please don't tell me that they enjoy that aroma. Are you kidding me? Oh God. That's not fish. That's
right. The smell of rotting fish and seafood. Ah, like you like me. I go outside of that on the
other side. I feel like hamburger. You like beef. Yeah. When it's gone bad, when you take it out of
the fridge and it's gone bad, that's not a good smell. You mean when you open up that package when
you couldn't see what was inside of it, it turns out to be good and purer. The missing
theory is meat. Britney Spears, Andrew's knee and has surgery. There's the bad news. And of course,
a lot of guys want to kiss it and make it better. I will. And her knee too. Pop princess Britney
Spears, Andrew knee during a video shoot was hospitalized for arthroscopic surgery. Her
record label said yesterday, Spears 22. She's only 22 still. When I introduced you to her,
she was only 17 five years ago. You didn't know who the hell she was. Nope. I don't tell me Jackie Johnson
is beautiful. Oh God. I said she has a pretty face. Oh, man. Pretty ugly face. If you ask me,
I don't care what you say. We've been through it a million times. And she's leaving and we wish
her best of luck and just get out of the get lost. Much they do about nothing, but she's on
television see, therefore she must be just fabulous. What is that way? When I pissed
over. Spirit 22 was taken to a hospital after hurting herself late today. Give records said
the statement. An MRI showed floating cartilage in her knee. The injury occurred after Spears
completed out the scenes for the video on her new single out radius with rapper Snoop Dogg
and the New York City Bureau of Queens. Spears was doing choreography when her knee gave
out Johnson. Poor baby. A radius will be featured in the movie Cantwoom in the next month. Spears
the Skids will begin a North American tour to 22nd and Hartford Connecticut will go into
her. Why would she be playing a place like Hartford Connecticut? What a lame ass town that
is. Her latest album in the zone was released in November. Spears was forced to cancel two
shows in March because of any injury. So it seems like her knees are just given out. Kind
like Monica Winston. Too much time on those knees baby and they start running down, giving
out. Here's our poll question today. I like this poll. We do this about once a year. And
that's because none of us really know the names of any of these people anymore, but certainly
our student audience. I'll have some names for the poll. Although, even back in the day,
we did know the names. Who is your favorite porno actor or actress of all time? I guess
we also got to put on there. I don't watch porno. How's that? Okay. Huh? Let's see.
Here's let's say I've got Peter North, which would be mine. Bandy Woods, which I think
ought to be a lot of people. I don't watch porno. And how about I don't know any of the
names or I don't have one. I don't have what? I don't have favorite. I don't have a favorite.
Because you like that. That's ridiculous. What kind of a choice is that you better
bone up on your polls? What I would do these polls all summer. You better start
borrowing some of Paul and old Ron's polls. No, thanks. Let's see. I don't know any of
their names. Is that okay? Can we handle it? So we have Peter North, Bandy Woods. I don't
watch porno, which we don't believe you. And I don't know any of their names. And then
we can add a whole bunch of monitors. We go now in the national post, a very, very, very
right-wing publication here in Toronto this morning on the editorial page. I'm sitting
on the through and reading the editorials usually and it helps me along. This one, you're
shocked to live in crap out of me. Now, it seems about a year ago. I read you one of the
articles in there from the op-ed page about legalizing or decriminalizing pot. Remember
that? Right. This one, this is not an op-ed piece. This is an editorial. From the National
Post Day, tax the stars. It says, if you had any lingering doubt that the push to legalize
marijuana is no longer limited to left-wing activists and aging hippies, a report this
week from the Frazier Institute, should erase it. Prepared by Stephen Easton, an economics
professor at Salmon Frazier University, the report suggests that legalizing pot will bring
economic benefits without inflicting any social harm. The institute insists it doesn't take
formal positions on these sorts of issues, but the fact that a conservative economist
writing for a conservative think tank would make it an unequivocal case for liberalizing
our drug laws, if yours shows how far our debate has come. As interesting as the source of
the report is what it says, most legalization advocates focus on the pointlessness of
settling otherwise law-abiding Canadians with criminal records or fines for indulging
an acceptance less dangerous or addictive than alcohol or tobacco. In argument, we agree
with wholeheartedly. But Mr. Easton makes a different and no less compelling case that
legalization would allow government rather than the black market to enjoy the spoils.
As he put it, if we treat marijuana like any other commodity, we can tax it, regulate it,
and use the resources the industry generates rather than continue award-gains consumption
and production as long since been lost. By his estimates, the marijuana industry in British
Columbia alone worth more than $7 billion a year would inject at least $2 billion in the
government coffers, that's just in BC alone. Of course, Canada is a long way from legalization,
and even decriminalization has proven a political hot potato with tall Martin's
liberals having stalled on reforms for its initiated in 2003, and Stephen Harper has considered
this pledging to abandon them entirely. We hope this report will help convince both men that
are marijuana laws are in desperate need of overhaul. How do you like that, eh?
A lot. Pretty amazing. Would you read that in the Harold or Sun Sentinel? No, no, no chance.
What does this facts say from Lynn? The operation in your article yesterday
General Cutting is widely done in the Equine Racing Slash greeting world, the purpose of
the limit-facterial intrusion, it's called a cast-lick, the surgical technique in which the
vulver lips of the mirror are cut and sutured so that they go together making the vulver opening
smaller. Oh, thanks a lot Lynn for that technical information. Did you know that? No, that was
news to me. That even 1030 already, we learned something. Here's something else,
uh, author T. Alman, who is the latest book rogue state, America, and World of the World,
will be in Crowgrables tonight, six o'clock at Books and Books, two sixty-five Eragon Avenue,
who will be discussing his work and hold a question and answer session as well as sign copies of
his book. It's a paperback and you ought to be reading it. Alman's also also author of Miami City
of the Future of the High Respected Book, which is the best southern Florida for more than three years.
Got it, six o'clock tonight at the Books and Books in the Gables, two sixty-five Eragon Avenue.
Somebody QA and hello. How you doing, Uncle Mail? Sensational. Uh, what did you, uh,
a little of the fun signal and Michael, Michael Mail? Uh, his article today is tremendous.
Did you tell me? I read it, I read it, it's not tremendous, it's okay, but I get the ones that I
got are a lot better than that. I read it. I'm just saying it's just, you know, all you keep on
seeing is Reagan, Reagan, Reagan, let me ask you this because you've been around the block a
little bit more. Yeah, there have never been this much venom and a rancor and anger towards one
side of the country as it is from the right side these days. No, there have never been,
the company has never been this polarized and also there's never been this much of a fuss over
any president who ever died, other than Kennedy who was assassinated and there was a young man at
the time. Here's the guy that was 93 years old, it was dying for at least 10 years and a lot of
us believe that he already was going into the synonym of he during a second-term in office and
there's plenty of evidence to substantiate that, but this is like madness, it's like media madness.
But a lot of people be happy to have a day off tomorrow if they get it. Right? Yeah, I'm getting it.
I'll bet. Nice big day off tomorrow. It's an actual holiday. The markets are going to be closed.
Banks are going to be closed. All of these things. It's just, uh,
all of these things. Amazing. This shocking, the state of, and talk about wagging the dogman,
talk about diverting everybody's attention from all the other crap that's going on in the world,
but you know something after this weekend, once they open a box up and realize it's empty,
after this weekend, that'll be the end of this. All the eulodrising and all the rewriting of
history and all this bull crap, all the lying, that's going to come to an end and we'll be right back
to cold harsh reality of all the crap like Abu Gharram. That's going on in the world and that memo
and all the other stuff that's slowly but surely leaking out. When in doubt, like Josh Becker would say,
it's leaking out.
I had a really easy time driving the country out of this barrier.
Since it is core 20 встретive, between 2 A.M.
policemen, I urge everyone to complain to the station.
195, a local textile was the N.ектор.
64 Egypt.
Gift,ってる, kidney, is come.
The machine, is onbeat,Life,
500 chocolate skewer.
The train please come and encantate it with the petrol.
Thank You,Ur Celsius.
We ran through all this stuff and all that stuff.
The next is near to the German.
I'll be coming to the German.
Reckon!
That stamp has no number of all.
You could have a puppy.
You could have a pussy.
That's when you got a German.
You'll know where it's at.
Get one out.
Number applause.
Change the one with the nightage.
Pause to the German.
Oh right!
Wow!
It's due to German.
Wow!
The last stamp has no number of all.
Oh!
Oh!
That's where he wanted 560.
You know why I played that?
Why did you play that?
Because we still can.
Oh.
But I'm scouring through our 85 minute bits here to try to find one that we can still play during these days of...
Well, you know the days.
What about that?
It says farby and Hector's got a good point.
I just looked at a picture again.
That's not probably the best facial picture of Stella.
Is it Stella Warren you'll ever see?
But the more they did picture that you'll see.
It says farby it for me to criticize the naked young girl's body.
However, when I look at a Stella Warren I get the feeling I'm staring at my colleague Culkin with long wet hair and boobs.
And you're not really criticizing her body.
It's the face and he does have a good point there.
But she's just keeping mine.
She's got wet hair and it's still all there.
It's his Hector.
He also says something else but I'm not going to go with that.
Nikki dialed for the pool and it says yum as in yam yum.
Now we're not even going to know a lot of these people, right?
Right.
Which is fine.
So maybe they can even make some names up. What do we care?
And we can put that pool on there now Eric.
Anytime you're ready.
Because we don't want to like overburden you.
Anytime you're ready.
It says it.
It is? Sure.
Well mine says the pool is down.
So it's just much of momentarily I'm refreshing it right now.
It's refreshing.
It still says the pool is down.
Are you sure?
Positive?
Are you sure?
One vote for Nikki DeNesele I never heard of.
Yeah but it says the pool is down.
Doesn't he ever say the pool is down at a big green banner on it?
Like it always has before he puts it.
Look at that.
Look at what?
The pool is down.
Oh.
It's down.
At any rate.
Whenever Eric gets around and decided to let you people vote, that's when you're able to vote.
Janet Jameson somebody says, and what's not to like there?
Even I know who that is.
Oh PS, a fair is Hill.
No.
Paras Hill is not a porno star.
Okay?
Because you made that one video that everybody's buying up.
There's another classic example of what I'm talking about.
Now even you would agree.
In fact you probably be on the first to say, Paras Hill, I would say she's a dog but again I'm a dog lover and I would be an insult to every keen on in the world.
Oh but Kayo.
She is gruesome.
Yeah.
She reminds me of Paula Jones.
I'd like her better if she grew some.
Remember Paula Jones with that schnaf?
Yeah, of course.
I mean see one thing about Kennedy, man, he had great taste.
Bubba as much as we love him, he must have bad eyesight or maybe it's because he's got that little crooked problem or whatever it is.
But he had the worst damn taste of them.
Monika, what a porpoise he was.
I think it was Bubba.
It's because all the bloodshed was not too bad.
Jennifer Flowers.
Right.
And Elizabeth Graykin or whatever.
Grace and I don't know how to say her name.
Dick Grayson, he was a Robin in Batman.
Anyway, Janet Jamison, the flawless, but Paris Holtman and Johnny Columbia South Carolina, shame on you, he put that in very small print at the bottom of the PS.
Don't put her on her.
She's not a porno star, porno actress.
She's just a nasty, skanky looking bitch.
Looks like she's in Carpenter on a bad day.
Okay, the poll's back.
It's back?
Yeah, my name's back.
Let me refresh it again.
This is a really, oh look at this, Louisiana voters to decide on game marriage ban.
I wonder how that's going to go.
There we go.
I don't know any of their names for us.
See that, that's a good choice because quite frankly, does it really matter what the names are?
No.
No.
I'm a key to these two, Peter North One.
I don't watch porno one.
Sure.
Nikki Dial One and then we got Bambi Woods done having the yeten, Janet Jamison.
We'll have a list of dozens on here before we're done.
I'm sure because we got plenty of perverts out there and that's where we like it.
Join QAM&E.
We are the yellow pages from Bell South this afternoon to one.
We got an action carpet at 107.91 Southwest 184th Street.
Miami Stop by to pick up tickets to the upcoming Marlins home game.
That's new to one today at Action Carpet and joined QAM&E.
Marlins tonight starting at 7 o'clock for a Marlins watch party at the Hollywood ale house located in the open franta.
Stop by to win prizes from Billy the Marlin and the Mermaid that's the night at 7 o'clock at the Hollywood ale house.
WQA, hello.
Not there.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey you were talking about Latin America you're saying is not a Reagan or a good friend.
Yeah I just want to my favorite memory was when he went to Brazil and he raised the glass to toast the people Bolivia.
Uh huh.
And this is the next day that they ask sir do you realize you're not eating?
You're in Brazil because I'm eating a few some going to Bolivia.
He wasn't going to Bolivia.
He was going to Columbia.
Well, can it's all the same?
Yeah that was the same.
I mean the only thing he knew was Cuba and the Caribbean and that was it which is like nothing you're not America.
Exactly.
Well don't be saying that too loud.
There'll be a knock on your door pretty soon.
We're like your family.
Don't be saying that.
What do you do for Cuba?
Uh not much.
You kill a few Cubans in the Grenada.
Yeah.
560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless.
I got a great story.
I got a whole bunch of good stuff again but we want to get 80 million names on the pool first.
You and Envoy's we call over Husband's strip club tab.
Did you see this story?
Nope.
Your homage to his tab was it scores a gentleman's club in Manhattan.
$10,000.
$129,626.
Wow.
I sure hope he had a good time.
That'll buy a lot of pie.
WQA and hello.
What do you say?
Oh is that what one?
Yeah.
I like her too.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
I'd like to put a name on the pool.
Yes sir.
Speaking.
Come on.
Go ahead.
Chasey Lane.
Okay.
See he chasedy Lane.
There was a pause like it was going to be another one.
No, there's not going to be another one.
We're not asking who are your favorite 50 corner actors.
Let me read the question again.
Very, very distinctly.
Okay.
Who is your favorite corner actor or actress of all time?
Of all time.
Not just like since last Okas.
Not just since last weekend.
Of all time.
Cover's a lot of territory.
And back in the day we actually even knew the names of the movies and the names of the people in them.
But now it is like any trigger like Dama doesn't you know.
WQA and hello.
Pull up buildings.
Stocks please.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
QA and.
Yeah I want to hello.
Go ahead.
Good evening.
Christie Canyon okay.
How deep is that canyon?
I'll get a dipstick.
Don't have one.
Not ugly.
That's what I heard.
WQA and hello.
Hey, hey, doing yeah.
Pretty good.
It's just a thing about a full picture tomorrow.
If you could do who's going to have lots of a light.
That's the election.
Like the more I argue.
Oh, sour push.
By the way, thanks for reminding me two weeks from tomorrow.
The movie comes up.
Bear in high 9-11.
Oh, bird.
See, I hate to break the news to you, pal.
But my life continues.
The paychecks continue from an end no matter who wins.
And that a shocker?
Yeah.
And Michael Moron I think he's going to miss any meals.
And if he does, he stored up.
Okay, for those lean days.
He stood up for a forehead.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Let's get Rocco's if ready on, baby.
Rocco's if ready, who also is called a Rocco, he's got eight, eight, is if ready.
That's the one, baby.
Okay, you got it, baby.
See if they are in the closet.
Rocco's if ready.
You know how to spell that?
You can spell it without answer with it.
Huh?
Josh says no.
I would put, I really don't know which one to say because he's got, like many of the
porno actors, got many, many different names.
I would put Rocco's if ready.
ZIFF, I, R, E, D, I, who seems to always be ready.
Rocco's if ready.
Could it have been like, got F, I, F, F, R, E, D, I?
Oh, that's okay.
Like I said, it can be with a zero and F.
So if Google will say with an S, then who's with an S?
Okay.
The S stands for, but actually he's a little long, uh, old and long in the tooth at this point.
Rocco's if ready.
But then again, I think I'll feed him or just turn 86.
Do you know that?
No.
And he's still a...
Orchwork quite capable.
You went on, boy, we called over husband strip club tab a top thing that actually diplomat
at the you went in New York has been ordered home after her husband ran up a huge bill at a Manhattan
strip club.
You're to be turned to DACA immediately leave your present responsibility.
The Bangladesh Foreign Ministry told Saida, Munatani, and whatever name is, uh, at its New York mission.
She's the number three person.
Mrs. Tansneen was recalled after her spouse, Tahudil Chaudhuri.
She'll be 129,626 dollars for a seven-hour session at scores, a gentleman's club on Manhattan's
Upper East Side.
That's equivalent to 6,500 lap dances lasting 23 days at five minutes of dance, or 39 bottles
of croix-jam paint at $3,360 a bottle.
Or in a footed in perspective, it's also the combined average of annual income of more than
430 of Mr. Chaudhuri's fellow countrymen just scraping by back home in Bangladesh, one of
the world's poorest countries.
But the man is refusing to pay the bill, he claims he was so drunk, he doesn't remember
signing the authorization for four different credit cards.
129,626 bucks for a seven-hour session at scores.
And he won't bill the time.
You're in trouble.
The following is an actual recording of a conversation between a porn star subscriber and a porn star
advisor.
You've reached porn star emergency services in this country.
I need help.
I've just been in an accident.
Oh, were you weird and did you?
Yes, as it was in the dark.
Well, it always takes the first six months to get into an accident.
When you turn on porn star, an advisor is always there to turn you on.
When it hurts to get a good point.
I love this, but I'd try to work a bunch of times.
Huh?
My car's so old.
I'll never get the pieces delivered.
Hey, are you in a piece of the dead?
Yeah.
I know you.
Can we wait again there on double-dance?
It is a backdoor by an 1027?
Ask your dealer about getting serviced by porn stars.
I think my head is starting to swell.
No, I'm getting hot.
I have a huge piece going to something better over it.
Oh no, I need medical attention.
I need you help me do my nurse.
Is this uniform?
Sure, okay.
Or in star.
Always there.
Always ready.
1045 at 560 W.
If you're in Pracy, Lord, somebody says we'll stay at number one.
Even though they misspelled her first name at St. R. A. C. I.
You don't know that, of course.
Okay.
Somebody says Tom says, please put Nikki Chairman on your pole.
She says, I'm very hot sex in the middle of the late 80s, although lately, maybe not so hot.
She was small and a very big nimp for us.
What Tom says?
All right.
So we'll build it.
Now lie in line is bringing it could possibly be WQA and hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, dear?
All right.
You all want to add a name to the pole?
Yeah.
Louise Miguel.
What are your people, man?
What are your people?
No, he's one of your people.
I'm not talking about Louise Miguel.
I'm talking about the colon.
Oh, okay.
Louise Miguel is definitely not one of your people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it.
Whoever fastest this stuff about to draft all of this up, I'm not that putting that.
First of all, I didn't even say where that's from.
You know what I'm saying?
Didn't say where it's from.
Nope.
Get everybody into a panic and all worked up into a thing about having a draft.
Although, certainly, it makes an excellent point.
This is the most important thing of the whole day, which you notice how I put this up.
TIA, Tampa International Airport, now verifies the flight of Saudis.
The government has long denied that two days after 9-11 attacks, the three were allowed to fly.
But now, this is on our website from the St.P. Times and there is a matter of fact, is the picture.
Tampa International Airport questions for the record.
And it's a picture of the piece of the article.
Two days after 9-11 attacks with most of the nation's air traffic still grounded a small jet landed at Tampa International Airport,
picked up three young Saudi men and left.
The men, one of them, thought to be a member of the Saudi World Family, were accompanied by a former FBI agent and a former Tampa police officer on the flight to Lexington, Kentucky.
The Saudis then took another flight out of the country.
The two ex-offices returned to Tampa International a few hours later on the same plane.
For nearly three years, White House aviation and law enforcement officials have insisted that this flight never took place
and have denied published reports and widespread internet speculation about its purpose.
But now, at the request of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks, TIA officials have confirmed that the flight did take place and supply details.
The Odyssey of the Small Lear jet 35 is part of a larger controversy over the hasty exit from the U.S. in the days of the media, after 9-11, of members of the Saudi World Family and Melodies, though Osama Yamami have been lawdened.
The terrorism panel, that are known as the 9-11 Commission, said in April, that it knew of six charter flights with 142 people aboard,
mostly Saudis that left the U.S. between September 14 and 24, but has said nothing about the Tampa flight.
The Commission's General Counsel, Daniel Marcus, asked Tampa International and the letter dated May 25 for any information about a charter flight with six people including a Saudi prince that flew from Tampa, Florida, on or about September 13.
He asked for the information a little later than June 8. TIA officials said they sent the reply on Monday, which would have been what, what said is the 10th?
The 7th. The airport used aircraft tracking equipment normally assigned away noise abatement programs that determine the identity of all aircraft entering TIA airspace in September 13 and found four records for the Lear jet 35.
The plane first entered the airspace from the south, possibly from the Fort Lauderdale area, sometime after 3 p.m. and lighted for the first time at 334, it took off at 437 p.m. and headed north.
The return to Tampa at 823 took off at 848 headed south. Author Craig Unger, who first disclosed the possibility of a post-911 Saudi airlift in his book House of Bush House of Saad, said in an interview that he believed the jet came to Tampa a second time to drop off two formal law enforcement agencies from Tampa with a company three young Saudis, collecting for security purposes.
The Saudis asked the Tampa Police Department to escort the flight but the department handed off the assignment today in grossly a former member of the force under said, grossly recruited manual Padez and retired FBI agent to a company and both described the flight to Unger as somewhat surreal.
They got the approval somewhere for as is quoted as telling Unger, it must have come from the highest levels of government.
While there's no manifest for those aboard the Lear Flight that can tucking Unger says, the four nationals left Lexington for London aboard a Boeing 727 that manifest list 8 Saudis, two Sudan nationals, one Tunisian, one Filipino, one Egyptian, two British subjects.
Of those three listed residents in Normandy Trace Drive in Tampa and all of them held Florida driver's licenses, their off-mod Al-Hazmi, then 19, Fahad Al-Zaiq, then 20 until all M, whatever's name is, then 18 all-male Saudis, it is not known which if any is a Saudi prince.
Perez, the former FBI agent on the flight cannot be located this week and grossly declined to talk about the experience.
I'm over where he sent the telephone interview. The White House, the FAA and the FBI said, I'll also deflate it and happen. Those are three agencies that are way over my head and that's why I'm done talking about it.
Grossly did say that Unger's account of his participation in the flight is accurate.
The FAA is still not talking about the flight referring all questions to the FBI which also was not answering any questions nor was the 9-11 commission.
Unger's book criticizes the Bush administration for allowing so many Saudis including the rental relatives have been logged in to leave the country without being questioned thoroughly about the terrorist attacks, 15 of the 19 men who did the hijacking has been over Saudis.
The 9-11 commission which is said to fly south of the US were handled appropriately by the FBI.
The FBI appears concerned with the handling of the Tampa flight. What information if any of you have about the screening by law enforcement personnel including law enforcement personnel affiliated with the airport facility of individuals on this flight, the commission asked TIA.
The TIA police department said a check of its replicated no member of its forced screen the leased passengers despite evidence that the flight occurred several new questions have arisen.
Raytheon aircraft is the only facility at TIA that serves General Aviation which includes charter flights when appropriate.
Raytheon collects landing fees from those aircraft or TIA and reports the TIA in the flights. According to airport records Raytheon collected landing fees from only two aircrafts at 10-13, one of them are 0-35.
But according to the record the registration on the lear is 505RP at tail number which according to the latest federal records is assigned away assistance, citation based in Kalamazoo Michigan and Oscar Renee Pach.
As in don't pox your round too much with this. Pach confirmed to his daily owns a citation with a tail number and did before the terrorist attacks. Somebody must have gotten the registration number wrong in Tampa he said.
TIA spokeswoman Brenda Gagan said it's believed that lear September 13 journey began in Fort Lauderdale possibly at a charter company called Hoppaget Inc.
The fact that the four trips in and out of Tampa all carry the flight base to the destination HPJ32 lens support of that idea but an official of Hoppaget would not identify himself so the company does not own the aircraft of that registration number.
Furthermore he said that if the TIA numbers assigned to assistance citation the company does not own any citations anyway.
Most of the aircraft allowed to fly in US airspace at September 13 where empty airliners being ferried from the airports where they made quick landings in 9-11.
The reopening of the airspace included paid charter flights but not private on revenue flights.
So there you go the government once again lying and let me take this right now I just show whether it's the government or anybody else when somebody lies to you once they'll lie to you whenever they feel like it.
Oh the government would lie to us will they? Just like senators and presidents don't have men killed Michael. Right. Just kind of like that.
Anyway here's our poll so far. Who is your favorite porn o'actor actress of all time I don't know any of their names 25.
Jenna Jameson 19 I don't watch porno 13. Christy Kang in five. Bandy Woods for Nikita Denise for Nikki dial for Tracy Lord's three Peter notes got appear and they're getting old.
Tracy Lane's got to and Rocco's super ready he ain't got any of the first 81 votes. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and hello.
Thank you.
Yes sir. Get out. Get a book for the poll. Go ahead. Gingerland. Gingerland. OK you got a month. Gingerland, Amberland. Right. Ginger snaps. Right. Ginger Rogers.
Right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I just interspersed all my good stuff here today in between.
Which we got several more of those Reagan stories. Oh my God. Yeah. See that guy that called that chronic that called the story. He's a good guy but he's very chronic and he's what's wrong with talk radio.
He's one of those people that you know he's the stereotype of what kill talk radio but at any rate I did read the mic. Meo column and it was pretty good for Mike but the fact is that these other articles are so much better and anybody can read the Sun.
Central catch my grief. So why should I read that I spot Mike may over a good but tried and harder next time. 2 US companies that supplied interpreters and interrogators to the Pentagon have been hit within a class action lawsuit in which the recuse of engaging in a conspiracy with unnamed government officials to torture and humiliate Iraqi prisoners in order to boot.
Who's their profits? I've got the civil lawsuit filed in California court yesterday called for the companies Titan Corp and CACI International immediately to halt such activities and to pay millions of dollars in compensation to the victims.
The complaint was filed on behalf of minor rackeys by the Center for Constitutional Rights Washington based legal foundation which estimated that hundreds of other rackeys could also join the action.
It also lists as a defense of former Titan employee Adele not what her name is not law who was stationed at the Abu Gharr prison in Iraq as well as two CACI employees Steven Stiphanowitz and John Israel John Israel.
The suit alleges includes allegations of rape electrician and generals and other abuse suffered from those incidents already cataloged the army reports that have been leaked to the public.
A back of Josh Beckett likes that. The suit is no worthy however and that it accuses the companies of not merely being negligent and supervising its employees but using torture as part of their business strategy.
Kind like Walmart. The companies abused prisoners according to the suit because they were intent on providing intelligence of any quality to the military in order to meet quotas and win new assignments in the lucrative private interrogation business in order to meet quotas and crank out information they simply violated human rights.
Susan Burke an attorney at Montgomery Crack and Walker and Rhodes was representing the plaintiff. Don't you like that name? Montgomery Crack and Walker and Rhodes.
CACI strongly rejected the allegations called them false and malicious. Titan said it would vigorously contest the suit. The company has said its translators were not in charge of handling prisoners.
They complained offered no details such as conversations among CACI or Titan executives to prove the conspiracy allegations.
It also failed to identify the U.S. government official said it would take part in the conspiracy. A Sharif Akhil another attorney for the victim said his clients had little way of determining whether they're being abused by regular military personnel or private contractors
because they often were hooded. Ms. Burke said she was hoping the combative interrogation reports another document spilling individuals with the alleged abuses.
Kind like those five guys wasn't at five in the Daniel Berg, the capitation in the video or six or whatever was. How were you going to identify those five or six?
I thought they all smelled the same as one. I heard 1056 at five sixty. That's the popular rumor. That's what I'm here at. That's what somebody told me about those rag head terrorist types.
1056 at five sixty WQM of the heat of summer here. Now is a great time to get out of that car that you've been driving. Get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
You'll fly them on U.S. 1 just 20 minutes south of the A36 and it's worth your driving down there because they're going to save you thousands on new Toyota's.
And with these outrageous rising gas prices, maybe you want to car with more fuel economy. Like the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just $11.990 or lease it for just $209 a month.
You need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate. How about the Toyota Echo of least price it just $199 a month. Even George could afford that.
You need a truck to be six to one of a ton of regular cab can be yours for just $239 a month. If you're looking for the hottest new cars around, check out the Corolla XRS and Celera convertible.
Now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead locally owned and operated, they treat you just like family and they'll stand on their head. You just about anything to make you a happy customer.
Their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your works on for you.
And keep in mind that Armstrong Toyota of Homestead was the very first dealer to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
And now even better is the first to offer your free replacement parts for life on top of that. That's right, tires, batteries and free parts for life nobody even dreams of doing that for you.
So instead of wasting your time in gas, slipping all those big, you're named car dealers, do yourself a smart thing.
Served Buddy David Rich, the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead for an honest to goodness unbeatable deal.
Travel to the one save a lot on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
Now I'm in law, this is for Toyota by Picking.
You ain't got to go back to Canada, you two bastards.
Good bye, Ron Megan. That's it, you're done. I hope they put in your comfortable and especially lighting there to protect the soil from your tear.
All your old mouths will be there. The ones you can remember. William Casey, while this way that guy's in case you'd buy this for your IRA,
entrepreneurs every turn. I think this all didn't have to but it's a must.
Will you go again? It's time for Ron to go no matter how many times you just say no.
You were out there by skinny carl eyes who's 400 years old. And now here's a few words from your oldest friend, de-creppin' old Bob Stone.
And I'm told that's good bye, Ron Megan. I get my regards to Nixon.
Now I recall back to the old housey and days of the Bond co-film, the far-dune Allison Ward died by hands.
I had both my hands and watched them with forever so. Now be turning it soon, we'll have some fun through their own bells, every dirt and antron life.
And if I don't just no matter how big a star or how big as you are, you still wind up dead.
You started movies, you came president, and then you turned into a tree.
We held up our socks with diners like Epic Mane.
1102 at 560, that's disrespectful. Don't be laughed at them.
In case someday you'll be old at 93.
So are all rights, Reagan's shameful legacy. Well wouldn't it be ashamed if I read a bunch of these again today?
Well guess what, I'm not gonna wait till the new hour. I'm gonna get them out of the way now.
That's not a good buddy Ted, who's part of the new year. He says, more and for us, not the proto-bush.
For a few weeks it became routine, I heard them dragging luggage down the hall.
They paused in little lounge news, the dormitory elevated a bid farewell to people they'd met during their single semester.
Those I knew knocked on my door. What are you gonna do? I asked where you're gonna go.
A shrug, they were 18 years old, and their bright teachers had evaporated.
They had worked hard in junior and senior high school harder than most, but none of that mattered now.
President Reagan explained the form letters from the Office of Financial Aid had sliced the Fedable Election by an Education budget,
which is why the St. Grim Tableau of Shattered Hopes and Dreams was playing itself out across the country.
Colleges and universities were victim to their best and brightest, straight-age students stripping them as scholarships,
some transferred less expensive community colleges others dropped in the low wage workforce.
Now nearly a quarter century later, they are still less financially secure and less educated than they should have been,
our nation is poor for having denied them their potential.
They were by no means the hardest victims of Reaganism. Reagan's crack economics trashed scholarships and turned well for recipients in the homeless people,
and refused to do anything about the AIDS epidemic, also they could fund extravagant tax cuts for a tiny sliver of the offer rich.
Their supply-side sales pitch that the rich would buy so much stuff from everybody else that the economy would boom,
and boom and government coffers would fill up, never hand out.
The Reagan boom lasted just three years and created only low wage jobs when the 80s were over,
who were buried in the depths of recession and a trillion bucks in debt, poverty grew, city's decayed, crime rose,
it took over a decade to dig out.
Reagan's defenders, people who don't know the facts are choose to ignore them,
claim that everybody admired Reagan's in boogin personality, even if some disagreed with his policy.
That, like the Gippers' tall tales about welfare, queens, and homeless by choice urban campers, is alive.
Millions of Americans, cringed at Reagan's simplistic rhetoric, were terrified that his anti-Soviet evil empire posturing would provoke World War III,
and thought that his appeal to self-assessing greed, a bastardized blend of Adam Smith and Anne Rand, brought out the worst in us.
We ruled our eyes when Reagan crept, there you go again. What the hell did that mean?
Given that he made flying a living hell by firing air traffic controllers and regulating the airlines,
I'm not the only one who refuses to call Washington National Airport by its new name.
His clown-like dyed hair and rude cheeks discusses with us. We hated him during the dark days he made so hideous, and with all due respect, we hid him still.
Not everybody buys the myth that Reagan won the Cold War by demanding that Gorbachev tear down this wall, the Berlin Wall,
or bankrupting the Soviet Union by the arms race, to beg the Brazinski's plot to draw the Russians into the Afghan trap by funding in Mujahideen, Chernobyl and cover US schemes that he stabilized the rubble, had more to do with the end of USSR.
Gansdorism replaced the ossified cult of the state, millions of Russians who reduced the poppers, revived radical Islamism and Central Asian,
limited our sole major ideological and military rival, that increased our arrogance and insularity, left us in charge of the world and to blame for everything, paid in the road to 9-11.
Reagan even armed the attacks, future perpetrators.
Anyway, the Cold War isn't over, in what direction do you think those ICBMs are pointing today?
The Lionizers are correct about one thing, Reagan was one of our most influential presidents since FDR, whose new deal safety that he carefully disassembled.
He pioneered policies now being implemented by George W. Bush, trickle-down economics, corporate deregulation, radicalizing the courts, slithering around inconvenient laws and international treaties.
On the domestic front he unraveled America's central social contract, what the poor needed was a kick in the ass, not a hand-out set of presidents, whose wealthy patrons bought him a house and put clothes on his life Nancy.
National parks were to be exploited for timber and oil not protected. The federal tax code originally conceived to be distributed well from top to bottom, was before him to eradicate social justice.
Bush also models his approach to foreign policy and that of the original Teflon president, Reagan elevated unjustifiable military action to an art.
In 1983, anxious to look tough after cutting and running from Lebanon, Reagan sent Marines to topple the Marxist government of Grenada.
His pretext for invading this Caribbean island was the urgent plight of 500 medical students supposedly besieged by rampaging mobs.
When they arrived at the airport in the U.S., they quizzical young men and women told reporters they were confused, never having felt endangered or seen any unrest.
In a bizarre 1985 effort to free a few American hostages being held in Lebanon, Reagan authorized the sale of 107 tons of anti-tank and anti-aircraft missile to Iran,
at a time one of our staunchest enemies with the proceeds to be used to fund rightest death squads in Icaragua, something Congress had expressly forbidden him to do.
Evidence strongly suggests that Iran, copper, was at least his second dirty deal with Islamic Iran, the first being the October surprise, which delayed the release of the Iranian Embassy hostages until after the 1980 election was over.
Ronald Reagan eventually admitted to trading arms for hostages, he avoided prosecution for treason and the death penalty.
Reagan, like Bush 43, technically served in the military yet studiously-ahoded combat. Both men were physically robust, intellectually adequate, inadequate, poorly-traveled former governors renowned for stabbing friends in the back.
Reagan, a Reagan-wain named names during McCarthyism. Both appointed former generals of the Secretaries of the State and enemies of the Environment Head of the Department of the Interior both refused to read detailed briefings, walked short hours, worked short hours, behaved erratically in public appearances, duck questions about shorted pass, and were allowed on Christianist,
the radical right equivalent of Islamist depictions of foes as evil, and America invariably is embodied by himself and the Republicans is good.
Based on intelligence as phony as that cluded to justify the war against the Iraq, Reagan bombed Muslim Libya. This is reprinted from Yahoo Ted Raw.
But he was a great compassionate, whatever it was, right?
There he goes again.
Right. Changed up by Dan Fax's machine over there, but that's bad news.
5.6705.6, I've got a few more of those. We don't want to overdo it though. Do we? Do we? Do we? Do we? Can't overdo it?
How could you possibly counterbalance this endless spewing that just doesn't go on? And by the way, today George W. Bush, the GA summit, we are being Reagan and Bush to death now this week.
You don't think it's just a coincidence to you?
Oh.
So it's a damn good thing that two weeks from tomorrow, that Fahrenheit 9.11 is coming out. It's going to be released here on the same day June 25th Friday.
I'll be watching the three, four, five times that I'm sure you will be too. Oh, yeah. No. No. You're not going to watch it?
Maybe a little. I'll flip. How's that?
You're not going to watch Fahrenheit 9.11? Of course I am. What is the crazy question?
Retired Miami-Dade praised the rest of the unsex assault charges. Oh my God.
Another very shocking story.
Dave County prosecutors charged to retired Catholic priest with five or 12 year old boy who was visiting his aiming grandmother at a nursing home in 2001.
The Reverend Trevor Smith who served in the Archdiocese of Miami for 35 years is the first forgumid to be arrested on sex abuse offenses here in Miami.
He's consistently denied the allegations. Smith's 67th surrendered at the County jail was charged with two counsel Ludenal Civius assault on a minor before being released on 75 grand bail.
He faces penalties of up to 30 years in jail convicted. Although sentencing guidelines recommend between two and three years for each count.
The charges come less than nine months after the Archdiocese settled in 2002, also with the alleged victim and his mother for half a million dollars while admitting no wrongdoing.
It was the largest settlement paid by the Archdiocese, which has been hit with about 35 lawsuits alleging sexual misconduct by the clergy.
The alleged incident is the only complaint against Smith who retired in 2002 after working at several soft-flot appearances and nursing homes according to court records.
Smith with the Chaplain, the Villa Maria nursing and rehab center in North Miami, where he allegedly invited the boy who was living quarters showed him a picture book of naked children.
The priest forced the boy to touch him and fondle the boy while telling him it was okay for two guys to touch each other according to North Miami police.
Either Smith's criminal attorney David Rabin or Archdiocese officials returned calls for a comment from the Harold on Wednesday evening.
The charges filed yesterday stem from a state attorney's office investigation and approved the abuse which started in 2002.
The investigation resulted only in Smith's arrest.
State attorney Catherine Fernandez Rundle said, statues of limitations prevented prosecutors from pursuing charges in other cases, such as those in which alleged victims reported abuse that occurred decades earlier, and believed me there were dozens, there were hundreds, there were thousands but the statute of limitations.
That's one statute we'd like to tear down its statute of limitations.
Hey, B. I'm going to use you as a sex toy. Here's the best we've ever owned for G&C.
No, I'm sliced low. You thought I was the whole wise job, right? Well, you were right.
And that's why I've developed my own line of nutritional supplements with the G&C.
G&C stands for, got no careers. You better believe it.
And that's why they got me going with so pissed couple with them for 10 years ago.
And you know the goal pissed the call. And it makes sense.
You locked the loan as Rocky. You tolerated him as a rambo. You hated him in spike in three.
Now, you'll utterly despise him and his latest goal as himself for G&C.
You know, a goal at G&C for my new energy pudding. It's great that elderly people like me run the goal and ate away energy by stick to the attention.
So if you were looking for today's best health product created by yesterday's worst action star, stop at G&C.
Oh, my mom was soo. Remember that, Rick? He's big soul.
What about Ryan's soul? Judge Dred?
There's another great foreign star for it. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I just had to tell him and it was too embarrassing to put on it.
Don't put him on or even a wife to it with any kind.
Would it be?
Here's the fact that says from Jean, the only two names I remember, Linda Lovelace and Marilyn Chambers.
Well, they both ought to be on. There we always put them on one of his pool once a year, once they go to five minutes.
Then there's a good point that he makes here. Reagan, no one seems to remember Black Tuesday, October 87, when the stock market dropped 800 points.
And the SNL scandals, Neal Bush, thousands of banks went out of business which started in 86.
That's how they had Bush came to Florida when Daddy put them in charge of the defaulted properties in Florida.
And tomorrow the stock market is closing Reagan's honor. What a joke.
Nobody's laughing. That's the sad part. Nobody's laughing.
Six jokes. Excellent fact, Jean. Thank you.
So much bad crap happened while he was in. And we didn't even got anything.
One of the articles I read yesterday talked about California when he was governor.
Well, as president, one of the cutbacks that they made in social programs was the mental institutions all across the country.
And anybody that was ever even in New York, much less lived there in the 80s when he was president.
There were more nut jobs on the street corners all over the city. It was unbelievable because he opened up the mental institutions and they closed them all down.
So everybody was out on the street. Anybody from New York, I'm sure, remembers that.
Barbara Dears is Dave, my favorite porn actor. She wants to have a scene with Peter North. That was it says.
George word. Amazing is what it takes here. One can only even begin to imagine that.
Here's one that says I love when you do this poll. Now I can't read this name. You'll hand pollic.
P, I see it's bad. Is it P-O-U-L-I-K? Because I did do a search. It says you'll have search you'll agree, New Uniel.
And also it's drool, slurp, etc. and so on. In fact, looks like there's a little slurpy right on this fangs.
But anyway, I don't know who that is. We got to figure out that is it P-O-U-L-I-K or P-O-V or Pavlov and his dog. I don't know. We'll figure it out.
It looks like P-A-U-L-I-K. Yeah, but why did that? P-A-U could be a guy. I don't know. That's sloppy. That's what Josh Beckett said. It's slurpy.
P-A-U-L-I-K. Okay. You'll have to do this here. It's right now. Okay.
Ah, there it is. You'll have to have a look at the video. You can actually read that?
Well, I was just guessing. Well, you're right. Good guess. You should've said, oh, I know who that is, but then of course people will talk.
Okay. I don't see anything. I click that where it says, oh, triple likes videos. Well, we don't want to see that. Oh, no. Oh, God. In fact, my computer just throws up.
It must be really a smoking. Okay. It's a work of perva. Yeah. It just throws up. 5.6.7.05.60. Oh, no, I didn't freeze up. But we just working on it slowly, but surely.
And I just got a yellow screen. God only knows what's going to be coming up on there next. Nobody here. I'm hello.
Yes, thank you. As we can deal. Speaking. Now. Yeah, I got a name for the phone. Okay.
How about one George might remember possibly? I think he's the same age as me. Latin sensation. Vanessa Del Rio.
I remember Vanessa Del Rio. Revividedly. Yes. Yes. Did it. Absolutely. And.
Even in massive. Yes. She. I first met a nice Jewish girl and she doesn't perform quite often. Vanessa's standards.
I just remember practice makes perfect. That's it. That's it. I say that too. On a regular basis. Love the show now. Okay. Thanks a lot. Practice makes perfect, especially with his credit cards.
I just got off of that thing. I went, huh? Del Rio. I remember thinking how did they let this ugly bitch on to the set? Oh, no, that's terrible to say that. She had the big set.
You have to get. Well, there you go. That's all accounted back in the day. I mean, what's your name?
Merle and Chambers. She was no. You know, Linda Loughleys was attractive. I would say she was one bad. It hurt.
Day. Right. Back in the day. Right. Well, I mean, Vanessa Del Rio wasn't much after that. Vanessa Del Rio. I would say it was like the 70s.
I don't know any of their names. 57. Jenna Jamison. 41. I don't watch. 425. 13.2% of the Saudi says they don't want.
We believe in Tracy. Lord. 22. Christie. Canyon. 13. Or I must be the John S. Caw. Crowd.
Mandy Wood. 7. Nikita Denise. 5. Nikita Dyn. Nikita Dyle. 5. Nikita. Nikita. Krusha.
Chacy Lane. 5. Ginger. Lins. God. 5. Peter North 3. And not yet for Rocco.
Sepul Reddy. You'll learn a little of Lysa Merlin. Chambers with an S. I guess Eric's going to have to cover your S with that.
I guess so. Yeah. Reagan played decisive role in Sodomocene survival in Iran. Iraq war. Here's another one.
This is from the Asian's France press. Oh, you're not going to read a whole bunch of these again today. I am.
Bet your ass. I am. If I had 100 of my read them all because I am so freaking disgusted with this media brainwashing of the public and this revisionist history now making them into this godlike figure.
I mean, you know, if they would have handled this properly, I wouldn't feel the spirit of Christ wouldn't have compelled me to read all of this honest but negative stuff.
But because of the way that they're carrying on like crazy here, I mean if somebody has to say something, even though here we are near and some scratchy sports station in Miami, you know, and nobody had listened.
As Americans, more into passing a president Ronald Reagan almost forgotten as the decisive part of his administration plate in the survival of a rights president Sodom who's staying through his eight year war with Iran.
U.S. soldiers now fighting the remnants of Sodom's regime can look back to the early 80s for the state of relationship that fostered the rise of the largest military in the Middle East.
One who's use of chemical weapons set the stage for last year's war. Reagan determined to check Archfoy Iran opened a back door to Iraq through which flowed U.S. intelligence and hundreds of millions of dollars in loan guarantees, even as Washington professed neutrality in Baghdad's war with Iran.
It was complemented by French weaponry in German dual use technology that experts say wound up in Iraq's chemical and biological warfare programs. Donald Runsfeld then Reagan's special Middle East envoy is credited with establishing the back channel of Sodom on his secret trip to Baghdad in December 80.
Washington had plenty of motives to help Sodom stay off an Iranian victory. Not only was the U.S. still smarting from the 1980 hostage taking a U.S. embassy in Tehran, but its embassy in the Marine barracks in Beirut had been struck with truck bombings earlier in 83.
In fact, the U.S. had begun to tilt in favor of Baghdad even before Romsfeld's arrival in Baghdad. In February of 82, the State Department dropped Baghdad from its list of state sponsors of terrorism carrying away for aid and trade.
A month later, Reagan ordered a review of U.S. policy in the Middle East, which resulted in a marked shift in favor of Iraq over the next year.
Soon thereafter, Washington began passing high-value military intelligence to Iraq to help if fight the war, including information from U.S. satellites that helped fix key flaws in the fortifications protecting Al-Bazra that proved important it arands defeat in the next month, where Kenneth Pollock and his recently published book The Threatening Storm.
Economic aid poured into Iraq in the form of hundreds of millions of dollars worth of loan guarantees to buy U.S. agricultural products indirectly, aid in the war effort.
Sales of UH-1H helicopters and Hughes MD-500 to Federal helicopters were approved by Washington.
Though a sole dissivident aircraft nobody objected when they were quickly converted for military use.
A May 9, 1984 memo unerthed by the National Security Archive of Washington Research Organization noted that U.S. policy for the sale of duly-use equipment to Iraq's nuclear program was also reviewed.
The memo said its preliminary results favor expanding substrate to include Iraq nuclear entities.
By March of 1985, the United States was issuing Baghdad export permits for high-tech equipment, crucial for its weapons and mass destruction programs according to Pollock.
U.S. allies were also active in Iraq.
By 1982, Iraq accounted for 40% of French arms exports throughout Pollock.
Public Waterer's name was Pollock.
Paracled Baghdad, a wide range of weapons including armored vehicles, air defense radar, surface wear missiles, mirage fighters, and exosat and fascied missiles.
German firms also rushed in without much compulsion, not only selling around Iraq's large numbers of trucks and automobiles, but also building vast complexes for Iraq's chemical warfare, biological warfare, and ballistic missile programs he wrote.
The aid came despite clear evidence as early as mid-83 that Iraq was using chemical weapons on Iranian forces.
Washington said nothing publicly but noted almost daily Iraqi use of chemical weapons in internal reports, but said nothing publicly.
We've received reports of additional information confirming Iraqi use of chemical weapons.
In November 1st, 83 State Department memo said, we also know that Iraq has acquired a CW protection capability primarily from Western firms including possibility, possibly U.S. foreign subsidiary.
It said our best present chance of influencing cessation of CW use may be in the context of informing Iraq of these measures.
Washington publicly announced Iraqi use of chemical weapons until March 84 after was documented in the UN study.
The Reagan administration opened full diplomatic relations with Baghdad in November 84, Iraqi chemical attacks continued not only on Iranian forces, but also on Kurdish civilians notably at Halabjah in 1987.
For its support, Polic wrote Washington got a bull work against Iran, cheap oil, and Iraqi support for peace negotiations with Israel.
But even when the Iraq Iran war ended, Baghdad was left with huge debts and a large and menacing military looking for easy prey.
So there we go, maybe we ought to prey, huh? Even an old heath ambassador like me, maybe we ought to prey because...
It's good.
...this point.
The way the media just continues with this bull crap, it's endless.
It's like just a spewing that just won't stop every time you turn on your TV set.
Oh, well thank God now there's a commercial break.
Aren't we pleased? In fact, now we're just begging to see those spots.
Even MSNBC is at a commercial break. Oh, hallelujah.
Keep them come and put on some info mercials for quite our love.
Probably be selling Kiwi shoe polish in honor of Reagan.
Matthew Rothschild and the progressive rights, no praise for Reagan.
He says, spear me the heapings of praise for Ronald Reagan. He was one of the worst presidents we've ever had.
In fact, he should have been impeached for the Iran Congress scandal and he might have been had a Congress in the media just on their jobs.
Reagan misappropriated funds that he lied about it. He traded with Iran and the enemy of the U.S. he lied about that too.
But Congress went weak in the knees when Ali North showed up strutting in his uniform.
And the media fell down too.
Kather and Grey emboldened the Washington Post as the company couldn't handle other impeachment crises and so the post downplayed it.
Let's be clear on Reagan's record.
Reagan was responsible for killing tens of thousands of innocent people in El Salvador, Nicaragua, Guadamal and Honduras as he waged illegal wars and funded brutal militaries.
The truth commission in El Salvador investigated the murder of 75,000 people during the Civil War in the 80s and it found that the Salvadoran military or death squads connected to the military had committed the bulk of those crimes.
At the time Bush was lavishing hundreds of millions of dollars on the Salvadoran government and his CI was working with the death squads.
Reagan was responsible as Christopher Hitchens has noted for approving Israel's invasion of Lebanon which killed about 18,000 civilians.
Reagan was responsible for his own unilateral invasion of that huge threat to the U.S. called Grenada over the Great Liberator.
Reagan was responsible for inciting a racist backlash. He kicked off his 1980 presidential campaign in all places filled it off the Mississippi where Andrew Goodman, Michael Schroemer and James Taney were murdered in 1964.
Reagan also fueled racism with the stories about welfare queens and his defense of the apartheid regime of South Africa.
Reagan was responsible for attacking women's rights as he tried to legitimate the backlash against feminism. He appointed the far-right justice-antonance-gal either the Supreme Court and he loaded the lower court branches with anti-choice ideologues.
Reagan was responsible for a woeful response to the AIDS epidemic which needlessly jeopardized lives of millions of people. He also consorted with Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson who called AIDS, Divine Revenge at Homosexuals.
Reagan was responsible for shredding the social contract between labor and management and declared open-seasonized trade unions when he fired the air traffic controllers.
Reagan was responsible for flattening out the progressive income tax for giving huge tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans of the corporations.
His economic policies as Mark Weisbrot of the Center for Economic Policy and Research has noted dramatically redistributed income to the rich.
He was rather 100% reversed, taken money from the poor, given it to the rich.
Reagan was responsible for hooking millions of people overseas on tobacco as he turned the commerce department into the advanced team for Philip Morrison RJ Reynolds.
Reagan would begin bombing in five minutes was responsible for the multi-billion dollar boom dollar that goes by the name of Missile Defense.
Reagan was responsible for launching an assault on our environment, member James Watt, that is now reaching its apotheosis under George W.
In a way Reagan was W's father. The macho swagger, the study of anti-intellectualism, the infactuation military spending, and the override of concern for corporations and the rich, all these bushes inherited from Reagan.
All the while, Reagan consulted Nancy's astrologer for advice, Bush doesn't want better by consulting the Lord himself. The only difference is that Reagan knew how to read his lines.
He lied that he won't call this disease by 16, and Reagan is all yours in the world. He will win!
You all over the joint, do you hear?
We have an elevator that goes up to the sweep and an elevator that goes down to the street.
It's funny that he's on a hit show.
You're fired.
It's over. Don't you think it's all right?
Then chose the stupid concept, and the money somewhere disappeared between the hand and the ass.
This is your five eternal shrubs. It's his race.
You're fired. Up to the sweep, down to the street. Good luck, you're fired.
You won't back.
I think your concept was kind of at this stage of your job, and I am not impressed.
Who asked yourself what do you want to do?
You're fired.
Don't you think it's all right?
You're fired.
Good luck, you're fired.
You're fired.
You're fired.
You're fired.
Don't you think it's all right?
You're fired.
You're fired.
I'll see you back at the door.
I made just fire all of you.
I want whoever said this fact about you, I'm a Pollock, you're fire too.
I mean, oh brother, you talk about a nasty looking queen.
My God.
I wouldn't touch him with your tongue.
How do you like that?
Well, you can't borrow it.
Oh God, gag me with a spoon.
Yes, Slurple, right?
I'm Slurping the...
Cute is what I'm Slurping, at any rate.
Hey, listen, we're just a lot of people with a bad eyesight, I guess, we just bad taste.
But you can put him on there.
Did we put him on there already?
I guess.
Josh, you're going to have to urgency.
That'll give that guy somewhere to go.
Here's some good news.
Democrat John Kerry's got a solid lead over President Bush among voters nationwide, according
to a LA poll, LA Times poll today.
That cited widespread increase on ease over the country's direction in Iraq policies and
economy.
Kerry led Bush by 51 to 44% nationally in a 2A match up to current the poll of 130 registered
voters taking from Saturday to Tuesday.
The figures dropped, though, with Ralph Nader in the mix.
Kerry had 48, Bush 42, and let's see, that would leave, well, whatever it is.
It doesn't say what made her God.
Because there's always that undecided bunch.
Majorities disapproved of Bush's handling of the economy and Iraq despite encouraging
news on both recently, the poll said 56% of respondents said America needs to move
in a new direction because Bush's policies have not improved the country.
However, in indication of the racist volatility, the newspapers polling in three first-largest
contested state shows the Republican President with a double-digit advantage over Kerry and
Missouri would need to include it and running even with a pressure Democratic rival,
would he presume Democratic rival in Ohio and Wisconsin?
However, the majority in each state say the country should change direction.
Do you understand that?
No.
Now, we ought to change directions, so let's put Bush in again.
I don't get it.
Normally, 55% of respondents, nationally, this approved how Bush was handling Iraq,
44% of proof of it.
How do you like that?
55 negative, 44% positive in Iraq.
On the economy, 54% didn't improve the job he's done, 40 here, percent did.
Anyway, here's the fact from Danis, as I should be working, but I know there's a great
to-own power is moving on AMC right now.
It's got Lloyd Nolan too.
I just don't give a heck like the Staples say about all that political crap at the moment.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I was hoping you could tell me.
I should be working on, but there's a great to-own power movie on AMC right now.
It's got Lloyd Nolan too.
I just don't give a heck like the Staples say about all that political crap at the moment.
Whatever you say, Dan, if he's trying to say, you don't like what we're talking about,
or he don't like what's on the TV.
I have nobody's talking about it.
I'm a great life, Dan, okay?
I have no life.
Yeah, obviously.
He's still through time out from his busy schedule to give us that facts.
Maybe you can give us a follow-up and let us know what that you're talking about.
I love people that talk like in code, like mumbo jumbo.
567-0 follow.
I do like Dumbo, but not too much mumbo jumbo.
WQA, and hello.
FOP-Q!
Excellent.
I think that was just somebody from Channel 7.
I was probably Jackie, his Johnson's boyfriend.
567-056-1.560.
That was a long call before about me, and who's in the Michael Moore team, Sim Schmuck.
Sim Spashole.
WQA, and hello.
I do.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Okay, Neil, I agree with you about Reagan, whether it be his economic policies or his foreign policy or whatever,
but there is one thing that I give Reagan credit for every year.
Before he came into office, daylight saving time went from the last weekend of April
until the first weekend of October, and he extended it to the first weekend of April.
Well, everybody can be all bad.
Excellent point.
Exactly.
I love him for that.
Well, that's right that on his tombstone.
He gave me something more week of daybreak.
Looks not to like.
Okay, thanks for the bit of news, pal.
See?
Wasn't all bad.
567-056-1.560.
Pound 567-0 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
What are you in Michael Moore?
Those are the people that I love the most.
The best, because they can't discuss any of these shows and anything.
Any of these things that are going on, including even Abu Gharrab, all of that.
So what they do, and I'm still thinking about that kind of call about this time yesterday,
he kind of cured me on a whole idea of life.
I don't know, he just was sad.
Yeah?
They got to call about the torture and about well.
We had a chance to torture Mohamed Akhah, and he think we do is okay.
Right.
That's right.
I think we do is okay, and all those people over there, all of brown people.
You have to be the red people when we're going after the Indians, now it's the brown people.
And of course it was always the black people, the dark colors.
See, we're the good guys.
So anything you do is good.
There you go.
Sounds implicit to get off to me, even W can figure that out.
567-056-1.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Your favorite porno actor or actress of all time.
We've got an impressive list and a raise.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Very sorry for Banzoa.
That's it.
Yeah.
Does anybody recall President Reagan saying I can't recall lying to the American public on TV?
Yeah, many times.
Yeah.
I don't know.
This is such a... too much, you know?
Too much, too much.
Too much, you're right.
And my favorite porn star is Paris Hilton.
I put her on the list.
No chance.
No chance.
No chance.
But she's not a porn star.
What she was for a day.
She was.
Because somebody makes a porno movie or a sexual movie doesn't make them a porn star or an act.
She's not a porno actress.
You see, this is what really thrust my ass, you know?
If she wasn't acting either.
No.
Who is your favorite porno actor or actress of all time?
Now, if we would have said who is your favorite person that was ever in a porno film?
Well, that would have been different, right?
Is that the question that you don't know or whoever had a vision?
Or is that the question that you don't know?
No.
Or whoever had a vision.
I'm the new guy.
Seriously.
We got to upgrade some of your taste a little bit.
Man, oh man, a chevut.
She is nasty.
She makes Monica.
Well, once you look like Marilyn Monroe, that's how Skanky Paris Hilton is.
She is a scab.
Well, don't go say nothing.
You can't take back now.
Right.
Five, six, seven.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, five, six, eight.
Six, eight.
And four, five, six, seven.
I think I don't know any of their names, which is leading.
I think that's probably part of the problem here.
Don't you?
Yeah.
And my choice is it out there.
Because I would select for the last 20 years, that's probably the case.
W and Q and H.
Hey, you know, I know that.
Yes, sir.
I know that.
That's not good.
Why not?
Because what else are we going to watch the news for?
Maybe for some real news and maybe make your brain work.
You'd go, so you'd dumbbell.
You want to watch pornography, pop a porno DVD, and you're okay?
If you want to find out what's going on in the world, then watch the real news.
Okay.
Which you'll never get on Channel 7 anyway.
So when you watch the internet crap for anyway.
Desperado is what we're talking about.
Super Desperado.
Oh, Jackie.
He's one of those people I was talking about before.
They're always hyperventilating.
Oh, Jackie.
There's Jackie.
There's this thing in deal.
Okay.
You can go out to the shopping mall and see better than her any day of the week.
Look out the window.
Hope no matter where the hell you live, within five minutes, you'll see somebody hell out of a lot of higher than that bitch.
Oh, Jackie.
She's on television.
Therefore, she must be hot.
By the way, do you know Jackie Johnson's going L.A.?
She's leaving us and guess what?
That's not good.
We're supporting O5 CC, QAM.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
She is a prize.
No, it's not.
Oh, Jackie.
Are you aware of this?
It's as if you are.
Well, it's a new subject.
It's not only through weapons.
Now it's making movies not the news of vision.
People in the theaters are around to ask.
If we don't keep up, what did I do that's bad, man?
Jesus Christ, movie star, wrex ring, and the Pope getting new four stars.
Jesus Christ, take a look.
Don't see the film till you leave the globe.
Oh, right.
Jesus Christ, on the screen.
Well, there was no heart, Jackie.
Jesus Christ, Jackie.
It's me, from the lecture named in the writing team.
Jesus Christ, no, it's not.
Are you aware of this?
Oh, God.
It is as it was.
That's what the old Polock is supposed to have said.
And they said, oh, he never said that.
In fact, he doesn't say anything we can understand anyway.
The other one is the biscuits.
He don't like the biscuits, but we there's a matter of fact.
He said, he only likes who you can gum at the stage of his life.
The Pope.
Anyway, it's a kind of a sad thing that all of this, like I said,
just like when a Pope came to Cuba that time and everybody's carrying on,
Christina, I'm a poor bit of a horror name, who is, oh, and the Holy Father.
He said, well, what business is he got telling anybody who's not a Catholic,
what the hell are they ought to be doing?
Mind your own business, pops.
Okay? And by the way, the outfit sucks.
Go get yourself a better beanie.
You're looking like crap at all.
I love money you guys have got over there.
Let's sell some of that porn oil you're hiding in a Vatican.
Brother, I bet you they could answer this question today.
Yeah, let's see.
Here's what it says.
Just heard a story on WIOD.
What?
Boy, some of these people men are reed again to me today.
WIOD, oh, I hate that state.
But our newly found friend of the war against Taracodoppe and the Libyan government
were, yeah, I saw that story this morning.
That's nothing new.
We're taking part in a plot to assassinate the leader Saudi Arabia.
Sure, it's in all the papers this morning.
This is after he decided to come clean and re-join the rest of the civilized world.
I say more power to him if he wants to assassinate the leader Saudi Arabia.
Oh, right.
We got to help him out.
Right? Yeah.
Amen.
And anyway, silly fact.
Republicans upset over a bush plan to use Reagan images and speeches and campaign ads.
This capital held blue, by the way, is an excellent website.
Nice going, Eric.
We know you can do it.
As a matter of fact, once a drug takes over the full times out, put all those bad times through his honor,
you can just spend hours and hours every day scouring the worldwide wicked web for more new great websites like Happy to Hill Blue.
It's great.
Well, there you go.
Ron Jeremy for your full.
Now, they got a good point here.
It says he gave hope to all of us fat slabs.
And he could get laid.
Then anybody can.
Excellent job.
Choice their Greg Green Coral Springs.
Ron Jeremy.
Who get a lot of votes?
Don't ask me why, but who get them?
I think this last guy has to come on it.
As the nation prepares to bury former President of Marvel Reagan, what's in the box?
Republican and Siders fight among themselves over plans by the political theme of President George W. Bush.
He was images and speeches of Reagan in new TV ads aimed at jumpstarting a faltering campaign.
Their discussions has won long time Republican who participated in the focus group to preview the new TV ads.
They've just honored the memory of Ronald Reagan, and if President Bush allows these ads on the air,
I for one, will not vote for it in November, for which we say,
all right.
The ads heard it up by Bush political adviser Carl Rova, immediately after Reagan's death last Saturday,
used images of Reagan and excerpt from his speeches in one angry GOP conservative describes as a callous attempt to tie George W. Bush to the legacy of Ronald Wilson Reagan.
One proposed that even go so far as to show Reagan saying,
George, go out and win one for the Gipper.
The clip comes from Reagan's speech to the 1988 Republican National Convention
and some of the former presidents request Bush's father, George Herbert Walker,
Bush and his successful 88th run for president.
I cannot believe our party would stoop to using Mr. Reagan's memory for a sex political game,
since another Republican who's heard about the Nazi in the ads,
this goes way beyond any moral or ethical bounds.
Why should they change it now, right?
Moral and ethics would have got that in this crowd.
As angertority proposed ad campaign builds, GOP leaders are urging the White House to scrap the campaign
and destroy the ads before they become public.
Oh, we want to see him.
One long time's GOP consultant told Rova he was a G-Dan idiot
for even considering putting the ads on the A-A, damn idiot.
Conservative Republicans are ready to unhappiness with President Bush to consult and say,
when questioned by Capitol Hill Blue, it won't take much to make them stay home on election day.
And there'll be a course coming from all of them saying,
National poll show Bush clearly in trouble with voters,
the new LA time poll we just had that,
the sliding pool number sent to Bush campaign media team into overdrive over the weekend
to get the ads ready to show to focus groups on Tuesday
but found the reaction overwhelmingly negative campaign insiders say.
Many Republicans already are nervous about the extreme negativity that the Bush campaign is engaged in
so early in the campaigns in one GOP strategist,
never before as an incumbent president gone so negative so early against an opponent,
following that with a cynical use of a former president that so many Republicans reveal is not just unwise,
it's just plain dumb and stupid.
Stupid.
Former First Lady Nancy Reagan sent a message to the White House expressing her extreme displeasure
at any attempt to use her late husband as a campaign tool in the presidential campaign.
That doesn't surprise me since the GOP offered to be served in the Reagan White House.
Nancy doesn't like President Bush.
If he's smart, he'll tell Rova to burn the ads.
George W. Bush doesn't want Nancy Reagan as a public enemy.
She'll put that red dress back on again and say just say no to George W. Bush.
Some GOP consultants over defending ads as necessary as a tool in what's becoming an increasingly tough campaign.
A presidential campaign is worse as one and the war you do whatever it takes to win.
No matter how dishonest, no matter how crash, no matter how grotesque, even torture.
Right.
As in, but political scientists George Harley says the Bush campaign is stepping on too many toes
that it's going to need November.
Ronald Reagan has achieved a godlike status among conservative Republicans and he don't mess with his memories.
If they're smart, they'll pull the plug on the campaign or the ads destroyed.
Unfortunately, the Bush campaign is not yet impressed with its intelligence.
In other words, if they're smart, they would do it.
But guess what? They ain't too smart.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see if you see those ads.
And if you do, it could be a bad news.
So I do like that.
A vexion Nancy's also propped off about that deal with sem cell research about Laura Bush coming up here today
and instead of shutting up her yet, jumping on a bandwagon.
Well, we can't support that.
Even though Laura Bush's father also died of Alzheimer's disease.
Yeah, but he didn't have to know.
And speaking of that, Dick Meyer, who writes for CBS News, has got a great article here.
It's not all that long.
For those people who do review Ronald Reagan, I still can't understand why.
But nevertheless, a Reagan honor, stem cell research, writes Dick Meyer.
He said instead of bumping Alexander Hamilton off the $10 bill,
or concocting way to put Ronald Reagan on a mob, Rushmore,
let's pay tribute to the 40th president by taking the shackles of censorship and fear off stem cell research.
This would be a profound living legacy that would instantly tell millions of families and parents
coping with Alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease, diabetes, and spinal cord injuries
that their government is no longer ignoring rational research into these conditions.
Even before Reagan's death, there was new pressure on President Bush to reverse his 2001 decision
that federal funds could only be used on already existing stem cell lines.
The source of that pressure was Nancy Reagan who began speaking out in support of full funding
for stem cell research recently.
It'll be an uphill battle.
This week, the current first lady appeared on Morning Talks Show,
stated her own opposition to full funding of stem cell research,
but politically, the tide may have turned.
Last month, 206 House members wrote Bush urging into change course
and now 58th Senate is including 14 Republicans have done the same.
For many wider view, it's probably to think that these genetic genie can be put back into the bottle.
The science will come from other countries,
and from American scientists using private funds,
but the results will come more slowly,
and suffering that may be preventable will not be prevented.
The morality that worships the sanctity of life in the form of blasphysis,
firstly, fertilized eggs can poise a few cells,
is willing to condemn other life,
condemns it to suffering to preventable death.
No one's personal liberty will be infringed by stem cell research,
if stem cell science were to be unshackled in this country,
anyone with moral or religious objection could simply refrain from donating
sperm or eggs,
or even from benefiting from medical breakthroughs that may come.
But their argument is that the sanctity of life will still be violated,
and society shouldn't allow that,
but we can allow the death penalty and send soldiers to death in war.
I don't think society should allow medical science to be sensitive
because of the beliefs of a few.
I don't think it's more of a no potential cure for great suffering.
We have the medical know-how to keep an Alzheimer's patient alive for years and years,
but we don't have the science to give that patient a mind, dig me to identity, a life.
Is it more of the withhold of government's money from the search for a solution to that?
I think not.
We can now keep a quadrophlegic alive for decades,
but is it more of the sense that the science that could someday regenerate those severed connections?
To worry that stem cell research will inexorably lead to Frankenstein mad science,
is distinctly unregunist, indeed un-American.
Remember Star Wars?
Why don't we have a faith in American ingenuity so immensely,
that these law can protect us from the Soviet arsenal that may have been naive,
but the pessimism of the opponents of stem cell research is paranoid.
President Bush, supposedly the heir of Reagan's optimism, should look back in history to look forward to more hope.
Another lesson from Ronald Reagan changed course.
He did. The crusader for tax-cutting actually raised taxes many times after the massive cuts of 81
would love Bush and not so glued with father's mantra that he keeps repeating state of course.
Ronald Reagan was the master of timing.
Let's hope President Bush has some of that too.
Are we hoping for it?
Yes, is it going to happen?
No, no chance.
No chance because he can't afford to alienate those religions on the right, on the far right.
This so-called compassionate conservative.
Worried to compare, and what's the need to guide it,
was going to like we were talking about all this divisive politics of hate and division,
and he was going to be the great uniter and the great healer, all of that crap.
Yes.
Just like John Kerry said when he thought that the mic was off at that time,
he's never seen a more mean-spirited and nasty miserable bunch of mumsers in his life,
and he was of course absolutely correct.
And by the way, is he still around John Kerry as he got back into the closet yet?
I ain't seen him lately.
Look at this.
Oh yeah, and this facts by the way makes a good point.
It says, please play guilty noise over the Panther ticket promotion.
Who do we believe if there's no season since Jeff?
He has to lots of great stickers and shirts at WhiteHouse.org,
and there's one of them right on here that obviously I can't read.
It says, li-it.
And beat-
Yeah.
But at any rate?
Yeah, the Panther promo, I don't want to pee on their parade,
although Jerry Speck would like it.
I mean, what the hell are we talking about here?
The National Hockey League, all these teams including the Panthers,
I don't want to single them out, but I will.
You want our money and you want to stick a big mind ticket.
Now I'll do it.
I already said the money in because the state of me inverses me as part of my deal.
So it's not going to cost me any money.
But at this point, if I'm pretty dang sure that there ain't going to be no season next year,
I don't care if they got the 12 pack, the 6 pack, the 85 pack, the 500 pack, you know what I'm saying?
No!
You know, it's to me, it's kind of like Jim Baker again,
so on something that doesn't exist.
If there's going to be a season, let us know, okay?
And then people will buy.
We're trying to give people's money like on if you-
It's like going to a restaurant.
Hey, pay us for a great delicious juicy steak.
Now we don't have it in a half any in the kitchen right now.
But we'll go out and see if we can't find a nice cow
while somewhere running around loose on the highway on 95.
Right, trust us.
Yeah, trust us and move back in a couple of hours
and we'll cook up a beautiful steak.
By the way, in the meantime, we'd like to pay a front.
Yes, all of a sudden you are a very short but very good tax.
Okay, good point.
Okay, don't forget to join QM in the real yellow pages from Bell South this afternoon from noon to one
at Action Carpet at 10791 Southwest 184th Street, Miami.
Stop by to pick up tickets from upcoming Marlon's phone game.
That's in just a few minutes noon today, but Tim and Gal be there, right?
I reckon or somebody who looks like Miguel.
Join QM in Marlon's United 7th for Marlon's Watch Party.
Stop by and watch it.
At the Hollywood ale house located in the open plaza.
Stop by to win prizes from Billy the Marlon and the Mermaid's.
That's at 7th tonight at the Hollywood ale house.
Oh my goodness.
This is Port 20 of my six.
You way up.
I'm from our alien, Roselateman.
And I like running my snowy gruel at us with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Rookay from Mr. Hour.
The guy in pool.
Yes, yes.
That's a yellow-be-child tax.
The yellow-be-child bomb.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
The yellow-be-child bomb.
We can't leave you all.
That's for sure.
They're currently but we're not sure what she is here for.
The holiday.
You're going to be forced to leave a new room, right?
They're coming.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Yes, I am.
So great.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on and try the flowers.
They're the seeds of things.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
It's a yellow-be-child bomb.
The yellow-be-child bomb.
I have my buddies left us in a cell.
These shall be ours.
I'm going to change the face of sports radio.
But now, when I'm the voice is a fan-send.
And it's elephant of modern radio.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
I get likes to do it.
Like that.
Talk to the same three colors about sports.
And sports.
And sports.
I even got likes to hear.
There is how many things.
Coats, silks, silks, silks, silks on the top of the head.
Daaah!
That's a little bit loud.
Take that, no.
They're old caca, daaah!
Daaah!
I'm the star now.
If I hold two stars and I was a spy.
You're a star.
Now you're a debunk.
You can hit me no more.
Take care of me.
Oh, yeah.
Here you are.
There I'm the radio, ya moron.
Oh, hello, I'm a...
Maybe I was a little out of line.
The things I said.
And you're like that.
And I'm not gay.
You're right.
And they're all fitness.
That big fat old guy they stuck me with.
This is me like they used to do.
But he's not you.
That's so sweet.
You make me almost want to come back with you.
You'll be.
Yes, but they my life was filled with joy.
You know what?
Now I'm stuck when I co-op a lover.
Enjoy.
You'll find this sidekick and foil.
I miss how you talk like a girl.
I miss you.
You know what?
That old old guy.
That chair's out the back.
You might be mean.
Oh, oh.
I ain't like that.
That's not the final show next week.
That person we can have a good time.
Why you wait?
Not the end of time in five.
Why you little hand call me a bum?
I'll tell you the facts.
Why you upstairs?
You'll be killed by the.
Come on, it's fast.
No, we got the mad dog.
It's over.
We got the humpar at four in the studio.
Six thirty at Marlon's on deck.
Marlon's at the engines.
Not a good light last night.
But you can't win them all.
Marlon's at the Indian 705.
After the baseball game.
That's the agenda.
Here's the fact that when you were talking about,
I'm sure it's as I think Reagan's picture should go on food stamps.
It would be most appropriate.
Yeah, he wasn't crazy about welfare queens or any other queens either.
He just didn't like queens.
I guess except that ballet dancing sun.
Right?
He just went into the on queens is what his thing was.
But it welfare queens, screaming queens,
flaming queens or just a...
Faaaay, man!
In general.
Our good friend Adam Rubin, whoever he is,
from www.muvon.pack.
www.muvon.org.
There's got little update on it.
That's the one that I read the other day.
It says, a secret Bush administration memo was recently honored.
Dictating cuts in a federal budget for next year.
Cuts in education, trial care, children's health insurance,
other critical programs, and all the same money to pay for more tax cuts for the wealthy.
The White House barged the memo off saying it was simply a statistical exercise,
but now they're telling federal agencies to prepare for cuts to these draconian levels.
Maybe they can bring me back ketchup as a vegetable.
How can we stop these cuts from going into effect by talking to our neighbors
about what the Bush administration really is doing to our country
and then making sure they vote?
That's why it says we've organized the second national election action day
this Saturday, June 12th, which sounds like this Saturday day after tomorrow.
Thousands of us are going to hit the streets to educate into registered voters.
We need your help by coming out.
You can double or triple your own impact on the election.
And there's a link where you can sign up now.
It says, nervous about talking to other voters, and person don't be.
After our first election action day, our members said it was more fun,
easier than they thought it would be.
About 90% of the people who came said they would do it again.
But to win, we need even more people involved.
So please come in again.
It's got a link to their click in this.
And the audio.
So there you go.
And I think from Paul Kroban, article, that I waited right on the air.
So you're skipping that I read some of these on the air ahead of time.
So I'm going to have to do it again.
All that reading though, Neil, it's so fun.
We're so watching bedtime for Bonzo now.
Or is that nap time for Bonzo?
He sure took a lot of those.
How come nobody's talking about his trip to Bitburg?
Remember that?
Nope.
Oh yeah, well, he was, he were the concentration camp
was he made a trip to Bitburg.
And people were all done out of shape about that.
But then again, when you deal with Nazis, what else should they be at Bitburg?
Well, quite frankly.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Count 5, 60 on the 18th and 10th horizon in wireless line.
Our pull question, which we seem to be getting away from,
a lot of 100 more names on air to have no fear.
It's got a long way to go.
Although Wolf Busquik is on air talking about.
Any behind the scenes information you're getting from French officials?
Why are you a president, you rock decided not to do this?
We've been told template that he believes he needs to get back for pressing business.
And that he also believes it is more appropriate for his predecessor to go.
Other leaders?
Here we go. He and Coenville and either is Paul Martin.
But everybody else is and what do they need them for?
Is it now, is this going to be like a litmus test if you don't intend to bring in funeral then you're a bad guy.
And you're part of old Europe and all the other crap again?
Because I thought it was Bush just Pat and Shurak on the Aster this morning.
They were high five in each other and everything.
Who is your favorite Pornow actor or actress of all time?
I don't know any of their names, 182 rather, 82, 24%.
They just like what they're seeing.
Jenna Jamison 66, Tracy Lawrence 43, I don't watch Pornow 37, 10, 1, 8%.
Don't believe you.
Christie Kang in 29, Ginger Lynn 16, Vambi in the woods has got 8.
She was Christine, man.
Casey Lane 8, Vanessa Belrillo 7, CEO of Little Faith?
Yeah, whatever.
Maybe she probably going to, if she ever runs and you probably hit you with a Chalupa.
Probably.
Nikki Dowell 7, Peter North 6, Rocco Sifrelli 5, Linda Lovelace 5, Nakeda Denise 5, Barbara Derefort, Ray Lean, whoever the hell out is 3.
Jonathan Pollock's got a pair.
Oh, man.
What a flaming ridiculous silly act.
Ugly Queen and Ron Jeremy 1, all the 441 votes.
WQM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking, yes, you got him.
Okay, did you, I just told you that you see Mike Mayo's article in the festival.
Yes, I did, sir.
And it's just fine.
Okay, your tool to talk on the show, but it was just fine.
We saw Mike Mayo's column and I'm not going to read it because there were states all of the things we said in the other columns that I read
and the Sun Central is right there in your hand.
So you read it to yourself and I'm not going to read it on the air.
It was just fine.
I just called Mike Mayo.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Okay, good job.
All had to be said.
I'm sure it was inspired by this show.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
And one, two, three, four.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, Asia Carrera.
Don't forget about the Asian base.
Asia Carrera?
Asia Carrera, yeah.
What kind of an image that for an Asian Carrera?
Asia Carrera.
Okay, got it.
That's something like ribbon Jones.
560, 7.560.
You don't put that on there.
I have no idea who to hold.
I was.
560, you know who that is?
Yeah, I've heard of it.
Do you have?
Well, put a runner like I said.
Well, what kind of a name is that?
Probably fake, made up for a name.
Can't stand people with fake names like...
Damn, God!
WQM, hello.
Yes, and strength to reach Neil.
You're reaching him.
Oh, good.
I wanted to add, I had a name for your list.
Go ahead.
Paul Beraci.
Paul Beraci?
Yep.
Who else?
He's in a number of films and it was rumored.
He was the one that was rumored to have had a relationship with John Tervolta.
Oh, my God.
Now we're talking.
Now I can better already.
Thank you very much.
Or maybe I like him less than I really sure.
It all depends on how you look at it.
A relationship with John Tervolta, what do you try to say?
Oh, my God.
Just remember, church of Scientology equals one thing.
I mean, I'm not saying necessarily, but...
You're going.
So who do we know that was in the Scientologist Tom Cruise?
Right.
Isaac Hayes.
Jenna Elfman.
Right.
Lisa Marie Pressley.
Christy...
What's her name?
Crickie Alley.
John Robolta.
Yeah, he's not the only one that says, oh, they're gay.
Oh.
But they married him off and they're all making babies and stuff like that.
Just like Rob Lowe did in Tony Perkins' did before he died of AIDS.
And then we found out that Tony Perkins was doing tab 100.
See, I got to tell you, this really just...
This is what is America.
It's so pathetic.
It's so tragic.
I read earlier in the beginning of the show today that Edittsborough
from the National Post and ultra-conserved the newspaper, a rag, here in Toronto,
about legalizing marijuana.
And we not only should we go for it, but all the money that the government can make,
legalize it, tax it how it's much less harmful than cigarettes or booze.
And it's long overdue that the public systems have the balls to just, you know, get right on it.
In America, we're taking gigantic, huge, not baby steps, but big, huge goose steps back into the deep past.
Everything is taboo.
Taboo, hunter, taboo, this.
Taboo, the Indian boy.
Don't come.
Right.
God, it's just really sad.
So we got to marry all these people off and they have to have all these.
Who the hell knows who the father is.
In fact, they're not going to Michael Jackson.
It's about the only thing I'll defend him on.
He's your only one in Hollywood that's got, you know, a bunch of kids that he didn't make.
Yeah.
That's for a damn sure.
But is marriage sure what's convincing?
Yeah, just like David Cassidy's.
5'6'7'0, 5'60", 5'60", on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Come on already, wherever you are, you silly closet queens, okay?
It's okay, it's okay, it's...
Okay.
Yeah, it really is.
They don't believe us.
WQA and hello.
Yes, sir.
Saka.
Saka, there he goes.
And Pristine has her own with Saka.
Back in the day, she might already be on there.
She what?
I think Vokram Rhyme told Eric to put it on there.
Brian, Vokram Rhyme.
Well, I've dropped Vokram Rhyme.
I don't think he had a thought on there, though.
So what does that mean?
What are you trying to tell us that we should put Saka on there?
Let's get Saka on it.
It's with two K's, okay.
What about Nina Hartley?
There he go.
What about Nina Hartley?
Is she on there yet?
She will be.
Let's go now, Drash.
Let's not start spending that money before the check-its here.
Let's go hop right on it.
Nina Hartley, you got it?
I got it.
Yeah, I bet you do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
That's story about Sam's place, man.
Back out, because I got one right by my house there.
Right across the street.
All of my rubber trees.
Equally poisonous.
No bother.
I would never darken their door, man.
You've got to buy four bottles of soda and four bottles of soda
and you're going to have to buy a bottle of soda and four bottles of soda.
What kind of crap is that?
That's a good one.
I'll tell you, whatever happened to that extra,
it was the same thing we had to bag your own.
Although I will, I'll tell you this also.
You're almost all of us, all the supermarket, at least in Holland.
I'm trying to think I went to a supermarket in Rome when I was there.
I'm trying to think whether they bagged it or I had to bag it.
No, I think they did bag it.
Extra with a sell service kind of a place.
That's how they kept the prices low.
But they did it right.
Like minimum, you could hit your employees.
I don't know why I understand that.
But they also sold it was like the same concept of some industrial side,
like Alvote's thing when you get all.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Right.
You have the option.
But then you had to bag your own groceries.
That's just an American.
I mean, you know, I don't see what's wrong with that.
I really don't have it at Albrecht, or is that Albrecht?
In Amsterdam.
You ought to be in a bag, if you're own.
If I can't have a pay for the bag.
Yeah.
So every time you go to the supermarket,
there would be a walking along with your little sack.
You could bring your own bag.
I kind of felt like Moe.
I drew my own bag.
And you'd be walking with your little sack to the store.
And of course, you'd make sure that it was all rumpled up
so they knew that you weren't stealing one of the brand new pristine ones.
And you'd have to bag your own groceries.
Well, that's a big deal with that.
No problem.
Especially when you had that little wire cart that all you old people pulled around behind you.
You just hit that.
Never got me one of those.
But I was thinking about it.
I'll send you one.
Okay.
Next time I go back to Amsterdam.
I hear that Paul and Old Romney brought casting soon from Amsterdam.
I didn't hear that.
I mean, just come on, get a life where you're pleased, Paul.
I have no worries.
Now they're taking polls online.
Man, oh man.
How many votes do you think they had on that weatherer, Agman?
About third man.
And place Jackie Johnson.
I voted for you, Bob.
Bob Weaver got my vote.
We love Bob Weaver.
Channel six, they're bastards, man.
We hope that Joe Rose does great over there.
But other than that, we can't stand channel six.
We love Bob Mayor too.
And what's your name?
Felt Kelly Craig.
But channel six, they're management sucks.
Well, if they did the Bob Weaver, there are people on death row for lesser
whatever it is.
Grotesque grotesque worries.
And what they did to my good friend, Bob Weaver.
So he's a little pochy and old and the tooth, you know, old and long
and the tooth, whoever he is, just turned 95, but he's a good guy.
Look at all the money he raised for charity in this town, right?
Right.
And they reward him by just making him disappear.
The good thing though is the room, at least if that thing in the paper is ready,
he's still on the payroll.
He's getting paid for not working.
Which we like a lot.
At least Joe.
Getting paid for not working.
In fact, the summer time's coming, George.
1213 at 560 W.M.
Hey, if you're trying to lose weight by following a low carb diet,
he likes to, Wes, focus help thousands of people like you.
Low carb diet is achieved their weight loss goals because today shopping
for the low carb products that are right for is become more and more confusing.
Now, most of the so-called low carb products on the grocery store shelves
will not help you lose weight.
Selecting foods with the right ingredients as well as the lowest possible carbs.
That's the key.
That'd be the key.
You like to focus is then over a thousand of the right low carb food items and products
that you can settle before your buy.
And they have a knowledgeable staff to guide your success too.
So if you're on the Atkins Sugarbusters, that South Beach Diet or any low carb sugar-free diet,
don't prompt me to talk about that South Beach Diet and the thing from an Avisco and the craft foods.
Head for a delights away, spoke at the number one low carb store in America
and let them help you reach your important weight loss goals.
Lose that fat before they put you in a box.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And you'll find delights away, spoke on the northeast corner of Glades
and 441 next to Boston Market.
You can call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb LOW-CAR-B,
or on webitslowcarb.com.
Don't forget to Lice West Goa to the One the Only.
It's your official Atkins retail center.
Buy and local beers for 20 O'Fights if you see who I am.
For David's a bitch.
All the fingers fit, now they can be dead.
Jenna should have f***ed down the F to C,
well and through a bit.
All the fingers fit, now they can be dead.
K, she's a givin', f***ing son of a bitch.
And Jenna's a bitch, she has fat.
We have had enough.
We have had enough.
We're imperial sh**, freedom totally in life.
It was a couple of c**ts.
I'm totally f***ing stupid.
Radio has won out of luck.
Cause the SEC is from my office.
I keep asking myself, wondering how it goes to show their f***ing f***ing guys.
Can't see a waf.
They have picked the sky, she just throwing the town.
The SEC is from my Michael's town.
This is what f***ing love is called in town.
All the fingers fit, now they can be dead.
Jenna should have f***ed down the F to C,
well and through a bit.
All the fingers fit, now they can be dead.
K, she's a givin', f***ing son of a bitch.
K, she's a givin', f***ing son of a bitch.
K, she's a givin', f***ing son of a bitch.
K, she's a givin', f***ing son of a bitch.
K, she's a givin', f***ing son of a bitch.
Don't might say it's 560 W and speak of that.
Third channel communications yesterday.
This is the final chapter of this.
Confirm that it reached that agreement with the FCC
that satisfies all outstanding fines and complaints
relating to broadcasts of allegedly
indecent materialized radio stations.
In other words, they slipped them a couple of million dollars
and they said, okay, we'll look the other way now.
Under the agreement, third channel will make
a voluntary contribution of $1.750, $1.75 million
to the US Treasury and the FCC will vacate existing fines
and terminate current investigations
and complaints against clear channel.
How do you like that?
I mean, I know I read this story yesterday.
There was gonna happen, but just stop and think of that.
Yeah.
In addition to the one-time payment,
the clear channel agreed to enforce its responsible
broadcasting initiative for at least three years
and establish a strong disciplinary plan
for any employee who violates commission rules in the future.
It was a tough negotiation, but a fair resolution
said Andrew Levin, executive vice president
and Tick Legal Officer in total sellout.
We didn't agree that all the complaints were legally indecent
but some clearly crossed the line
and for those who've taken full responsibility, he'd be saying,
no broadcaster has taken stronger steps to ensure its broadcast
and ploughed the law and we intend to keep it that way.
In February, clear channel announced a responsible broadcasting initiative
that include, and these are the people, by the way,
are just about put the final nails in the coffin of this business
and they're talking about responsible,
that it includes policies and procedures
to ensure that broadcaster not violate indecency laws.
Intensive training for all radio and programming personnel
on your channel is well underway, just like ours, intensive training.
The settlement allows clear channel to close the chapter
on indecency and move forward with our business at John Hogan,
president and CEO of Clear Channel Radio.
And by the way, my friend Derek still says,
John Hogan can't drive his finger up his ass.
This has been a complicated and controversial issue
but it's also proven that we can provide compelling, entertaining
and informative programming without being indecent, he said.
Well, a goody come drop for you.
Levin also reiterated the company's call
for the government to establish standards
that would apply fairly and evenly all across media platforms.
Cable and satellite networks should be treated no differently
from broadcasters and today's media landscape
that's a distinction about a difference.
We all need to be accountable for what is said
in the presence of our kids, Levin said.
Well, screw you and your kids, how do you like that, huh?
Ha-ha! Your mama!
Take that!
And by the way, you...
Clear Channel, the anti-Christ of this industry.
And then that schmuck there that Glenn Garvin
that supposedly writes something about radio and TV for the arrow,
he writes that stupid column a couple of weeks ago,
but oh, well, they certainly haven't got a monopoly.
They only own 1,250 of the 10,000 stations.
Can overlooking how many of those 10,000 stations
are like a little tiny podumped markets
and when you go to the major markets
where they own the maximum of eight states or whatever they got,
how many they got this market is it eight?
Or ten? I don't know.
I think they got...
530 man!
What they got?
Oh, here you go, Tom Byron.
Tom Byron's a good choice.
Once upon a time, he looked pretty good.
That was how many years ago.
530 man!
Just keep pumping that.
530 man!
Tom Byron!
Then all of a sudden he became like Glenn,
he wanted to get that Ron Jeremy look,
that kind of combination of a slimmer,
kind of a John Holmes cross with Ron Jeremy look,
although he's still alive.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T Inforizon line.
Don't forget off to TD Villman,
Almond, what's his name?
Greg Almond?
Right.
TD Almond, whose latest book,
Roast State American War with the World,
it's an excellent book.
It's a paperback, you can even afford it.
He'll be in the Gables tonight,
6P and it books in books,
265, Erickon Avenue.
He'll discuss his workhold request and answer session,
as well as sign copies of the book
and Yankein, the Woody Graber's ponytail.
Almond is also author of Mimey City
the Future of the High Respected Book,
which was a bestseller in Florida for more than three years.
I think I'm going to read the Michael Mayo column.
Okay.
Just for the hell of it.
All right.
Just because it's another Bush,
another ring and Bush,
Reagan-Vashing column.
Well then, then Byron means go for it.
I haven't printed out yet,
but I will.
We'll get to it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I'd like to put in my vote.
Go right ahead.
I gauge.
G-E-G-E, yeah.
All right.
All right.
Okay, thanks.
Gage, you got it?
We got it.
You know who that is?
Oh, neither do I, and the W-Q-A-M, hello.
I got an element for your vote.
Yes, sir, please.
How about Carrie Wyde?
Oh, she's one of the biggest porters
that started going into the local girl, too.
All right.
She's an element of center,
you have to remember?
She ain't no Kathy Willis, thank God.
Yeah, I know.
I decided I'm not going to carry Wyde.
Okay, thanks, Polly.
Terri Wagher, you got it?
I don't know how you scroll it,
but I'm sure that you'll figure it out.
Maybe do a Google on it.
Google it.
Wait, we got it.
You got it?
Put your Google goggles on and Google it.
Five, six, seven.
Well, and as a matter of fact,
the thing you were trying to email me yesterday
and took me to that,
askdivs.com,
do you know that in my lifetime
I've never, ever used AskDivs.com once.
Neither.
Hey, byout there, ever use AskDivs.com?
No.
I hear it's a great stock.
Right.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six,
the pound, five, six, the honey,
eight, T and T and Verizon wireless line.
WMQA and hello.
Yes, I want to add to your hold.
Please.
Yeah, tab of the Steven.
Tab of the Steven's.
All right, thank you so much.
Who's that?
Samantha's daughter.
Is it really?
No.
No, a little bit.
Samantha Stevens was bewitched.
I'm a little slow today, man.
I'm thinking about holiday and vacation
and going and plunge my guts in the casinos.
I'm not going to take any things in what crap you're talking.
What?
I'm going to fall over.
I'm feeling light in the head.
Really?
Yeah, I don't know.
Well, that would be good.
In fact, maybe you could be like being a boy junior.
Hey.
I'll start convulsing, too.
All right.
If he starts foaming at the mouth, you know,
I'll just show him on the floor in a minute.
I got the three of them ready to throw at him.
Move it on his spot.
Can I maybe stood out in my couple of times?
Bring the beast in mobile back in.
Maybe I'll have to make him up a little better later, maybe.
Yeah.
WQA and hello.
Hey, I haven't been on the website lately,
but has anybody called and suggested Maryland Chambers?
Yes, they have.
Okay. Great.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, I don't think anybody did call
but somebody mentioned Maryland Chambers
and Linda Lovelace earlier.
Now, do we actually not put her on there?
I don't know.
Oh, oh.
Oh, yeah.
She's got her co-hosts.
Boy, I scared the living snot out of me.
Maryland Chambers has got a dozen.
I guess I better read the result right now, huh?
So people know the lay of the land.
So to speak.
Oh, you can't say that no more.
So people know the of the land.
Don't remember that song, but I guess who shared the lay of the land?
No.
Who's your favorite porn or actor or actress of all time?
I don't know any of their names, 92.
I think your allergies are starting to kick in.
Is that what it is?
That's why you're sick today.
Because I think you realize that certain tomorrow you got...
Oh, yeah. Show allergy.
Now, what's your pull question for tomorrow?
I'm not going to have a question.
I'm just going to let them put what they want in the...
Just call it and say stuff and then put them on the pool.
No matter what kind of question we ask, dance or what they want anyway.
Yeah, give us just give us as much awards and be good.
Right. I'm going to put...
I'm going to start the poll with chocolate.
Okay. Well, I like that.
How about dark chocolate?
Oh, not too bad.
I can't stand it.
And I've told you this before is that like real...
I like semi-sweet chocolate, but the real, real super dark,
the cocoa down in the...
Oh, yeah.
I never know much carbonyl.
Oh, man. Too bitter.
I don't know any of their names, those porn people,
but I sure like seeing them with their clothes off, 92.
Jenna Jameson 75, that's a fine choice.
76. Tracy Lord's 56.
I'm afraid Tracy's probably going to hop over.
And of course you'll want to see that.
I don't watch 4042.
10.1% but that percentage keeps dropping and dropping and dropping.
Just like their trousers.
Christie Canyon 31, Gingerland 17, Vanessa Del Rio.
She's got a dozen.
Kuchi, Kuchi.
Merlin Chambers 12.
Nikki, you know who Merlin, Vanessa Del Rio reminded me of how pretty this before.
She was in fame.
Yeah.
Oh, Rita Merrinum.
Didn't you remind you a little bit of her?
Well, they both found.
Uh, Tracy Lane's got eight.
No comments, please.
Nikki didn't, uh, Denise ate.
Rocco Cipolletti ate.
Italian.
Peter North 7, Nina Hartley 6, Ludlow Blase 6, Barbara Dere 4, Raleighne 4.
Jonathan Pollock does nasty as Skanky as Queen.
I've seen it a long time.
Jonathan Pollock 3, Ron Jeremy 3, Saka's got 3.
She was, uh, she was okay.
Asia Carrera 2, Paul Ferracis got one.
Oh, did he do a John Travolta?
Gage 1, Tana the Steven.
Tana the Steven has got one.
Oh, but, man, oh, man.
Tom Byron and Tom Legallair, who is it?
Terry Legallair still out.
They're working on it.
And look all.
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
She's got her own.
And she's the hits and woody act like Cheezin' Sean.
And get some munchies and make round these filled with hats.
And we share it with Jesus and the saints.
The highest heart has.
And yeah, yeah.
Heart is great.
And yeah, yeah.
Heart is good.
And yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What a God, Lord, can it be?
I'm not a God, I'm not a God.
I'm not a God, I'm not a God.
I'm not a God, I'm not a God.
I'm not a God, I'm not a God.
Oh.
No tripping of money on his throne.
No fun in heaven is your stone.
Your mind.
Comforting to at 560 W.F.M.
Here's the Michael Mayo column.
I'm so glad that I decided to read it.
Well, I mean, twice a year, Mike writes something that makes a little bit of sense.
Plus, he's a just a devoted listener of this show.
I mean, obsessed.
Would you agree?
No doubt.
So he's probably listening right now.
I wonder how come he didn't read my column?
He read all those other 50,000 columns.
Bachelorette Reagan had deserved it.
And okay, here you go.
And by the way, CNN is still all over that thing like stink on Greg.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
And MSNBC is all over like stink on Mo.
Absolutely.
Reagan's reign was now sunshine and accolades rights Michael Mayo in his mornings
prestigious Fort Lauderdale Sunsend.
Enough already, enough of the beatification and the warm fuzzy revisionism,
enough of the bogus notion that he was loved by all,
and that his policies harmed few, enough of the overwrought sedimentality.
It's time for a Ronald Reagan corrective, right, Mike Mayovitz?
It's been five days since the 40th U.S. President died.
As his coast to coast threw well toward Ragson,
it seems the only voices coming from, I tell you,
is now the ones whose memories of the 1980s come wrapped in gauze.
Devourses in the real world aren't as unanimous or magnanimous.
The way I look at it, the guy never did much for the majority of four people
said George Gibson, 33 or 4 Lauderdale.
My mom struggled during the 80s.
It was hard to find a job when he was in that chair.
On Wednesday, he and his mom made their weekly pickup from the
top of a reloat center in Wilton Manor's a food bank for those with AIDS HIV.
Here's how Gibson remembered the Reagan years.
Throughout the gotta school in the 8th grade,
during a gang and selling grudge to support his family,
now he's found religion works nights hauling trash,
but can't make insmead on his weekly $225 paycheck.
Inside the proper reloat center,
Father Bill Collins and Ken Fontaine were assessing Reagan's legacy.
I see all these people lined up for hours to see his casket,
and I'm amazed if Fontaine the center's vice president,
he certainly didn't reach out to gays.
He couldn't even say the word AIDS said Collins the center's founder.
Not until it was shamefully late.
According to Randy Schultz book and the van played on,
Reagan's first speech about AIDS came in May of 1987.
By then, 36,058 Americans have been diagnosed with the disease
and 20,849 have died.
Road Schultz already some said that Ronald Reagan would be remembered
in history books for one thing beyond all else.
He was the man who would let AIDS rage through America.
Spare the talk of him being the greatest president of the last century,
spare the movement to put his face on the $10 bill.
The $1000 bill might be more fitting tribute given his trickle-down leanings.
The Reagan I remember was the president who washered in the notion
that the best way to help the poor was by giving to the rich.
The Reagan I remember was the one who went up the biggest deficits in the history of government
until now, while winning reelection by promising to make
deficits spending unconstitutional.
The Reagan I remember couldn't remember how all of her north and his
rogue band of operatives subverted the U.S. Constitution for the White House basement.
The Reagan I remember with the nutritionist who was agriculture department
tried to classify trickle-pissed vegetable and the environmentalist who said
that trees caused pollution.
The Reagan I remember negotiated with terrorists but now with air traffic control
was he fired them instead.
The Reagan I remember let the AIDS epidemic fester contend to ignore the far-waching consequences
while moralist marginalized it as a gay disease whose sinful victims were getting
cause-reribution.
When terrorists killed 3,000 Americans in 2001, the federal government responded
by launching two wars that have cost $120 billion.
When thousands started dying of this disease in the early 1980s,
the Reagan administration responded by blocking a budget request over $10 million.
Fountain was gay lived in New York in the 1980s.
He remembers friends dying and the healthy ones tying up traffic and time
square with protests to make people notice.
He said the Reagan administration's attitude was much like his bosses
that they counting firm from Deloitte and Tush when employees started getting sick.
We don't have any of those people working here they said.
Collins who was 10 to 8 HIV AIDS patients for the last two decades said he hasn't
watched much of the coverage of this week.
I've got a week's stomach, he said.
He seemed a lot in his life but nothing like this presidential extreme
makeover, no warts, no detractors, all accolades.
It's not the Reagan that many of us remember.
Where it's Michael Mayovitz, pretty good column there Mike Duffett.
Pretty good.
Good stuff.
You go boy.
I mean, $567.0560, $560 on the AT&T in Verna.
And there's Stola, there we go.
It's just hardly anxious at all.
And they were taking it, I believe he's still alive.
I'm chopping wood and riding on horseback.
And there he goes, there he is on a horseback and his cowboy hat.
And there he is with that grease down here with that, oh man.
Holy cow.
Just you sitting here watching, I think I made to myself.
Maybe nobody else picked the cares about it.
But yesterday I made that one point.
And that is we're watching revisionist history of stuff that happened in most of our life fans.
Right in front of our face here, minute after minute, hour after hour, they're pounding their brainwashing.
All these people bringing their kids to Tisca to task it.
Let's go a wander by the casket, you know.
And the truth be damned to hell with all the stuff that he really did, to hell with what he really represented.
And all his evil right wing buddies like Pat Buchanan, of course, in his speech at the 92 convention,
which helped Clinton beat Bush.
In my mind, that was one of the most decisive moments of that whole election campaign.
And we're in a cultural war all right between decent reasonable people who are a tournament
and those people who are in tournament.
Usually the religious right is what we're talking about.
The finger pointers, the accusers, the people over there knows and everybody else is business.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I don't forget the Jews killed Jesus.
Oh, I know. I saw it.
Dominic QA and hello.
Hey, Mr. Rino.
Yes sir.
Could I please have your bag, Combo?
I have something very important I want to thank you.
305.
Okay.
6 5 0.
6 5 0.
0 190.
0 198.
You got it.
Thank you sir.
Thank you.
Okay, we got something important coming across in the facts machine.
I'm watching it now.
I'm watching it now.
Anything happening yet?
No.
I'll give my mentor to that like baby up.
Something very important.
Now better be pretty good because when somebody calls with a big build up like that, you know,
be like if I said I got a really important story here like sit on the edge of your seats
and I read like, you know, the front page from Al Harald or something.
Well, he better identify because how are we going to know which found?
You know, if it's very important, you'll know, okay?
It'll be easy.
So do me.
If it isn't from a fat boys neighbor, you'll know.
WQA and hello.
Down, down, in a way.
That was your buddy Dave callin' in from Cleveland.
Josh?
Yeah.
He's practicing them all with the Fortnite game.
Well, let's see.
This couldn't possibly it because this is from John about the sugar industry.
Once again, the Bush administration refuses to allow science to form public policy or get the way of industry profits.
And there must be another page coming with us and paid you too, right?
Yeah.
From Joey Lewis.
He's still alive.
I'm pretty sure he's dead Joey Lewis.
Who?
Hey, if you like Charlie Chaplin, you love eating away at sciences this article.
The sugar industry, Adi Adi Adi, is fighting findings that link its product to obesity.
And US officials are echoing the company's line.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
The Bush administration took an extraordinary step early this year to defend the interest of the U.I. sugar producers
and the packaged food industry, both of which count top executives among the president's biggest fundraisers.
In January, is there more to this?
Is this the end?
There's another page that I didn't face.
Why not?
Why didn't nobody want the whole thing?
Of course.
Here it comes.
You're talking about fat guy, man.
You're talking about what you guys hope to ensure it's that I don't care what anybody says.
And you skinny people out there, you don't know all about it because you're not addicted to it.
It's the most powerful damn drug on a face of a globe.
And law.
This is for real fight city.
And law.
And for yet, but case real good.
And what give you the excess energy to drive mom crazy?
So what great the cereal will you tell mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
No, there's nothing.
She's going to do the sugar.
She's going to do the sugar.
Two super sugar coated sugar shoppers are little bits of raw cane to drink.
And cold it with powdered sugar.
Bluecoast, fruit toast, corn syrup and other natural sweetener.
And they taste like sugar coated sugar.
Right.
Because there's no yetky vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah.
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating.
I know I'm a little bit of pressure.
I know I'm a little bit of pressure.
I know I'm a little bit of pressure.
And mom's a love sugar shoppers do.
Because inside everybody there's a free bottle of new Flintstones to a little ballad.
So try your super sugar coated sugar shoppers.
From your friends at Irresponsible Food.
From 26 at 560 W. Come.
Before I get to that sugar thing Chris Mooney and motherjones.com.
This must be a fact that the Sean and Miami was sending us right.
Or it could be one of these many also looking very important taxes.
That's a one.
All kinds of things.
I'll just tax into it.
You saw them.
Here's anyway Sean and Miami says that practical mega ditto is equals oxy cotton.
I'm a ditto head show.
Also for the poll Heather Brooke and Queenie.
Do we know who Queenie is?
Sounds a little Queenie to me.
Let's stick with Heather Brooke.
What do you say?
Okay got it.
I think she's can do.
Faddling Brooke.
Anyway Chris Mooney writes in motherjones eating away at science.
And this really frosts my fat ass and waits until you see one of the names of the companies in here
that the Bush people are in bed with.
When we were talking about before to show this point that you hate like poison.
Dark craft.
Craft.
Anyway.
The Bush administration took an extraordinary step early this year to defend the interest of US sugar producers in the package food industry, both of which count.
Top executives among the president's biggest fundraisers in January the Department of HHS and the Legend of the WHO with dozens of objections to these scientific findings that underlie the WHO's effort to wish you anti obesity guidelines.
Only eight months earlier US sugar manufacturers and other food industry groups that call for the personal intervention of HHS Secretary Tommy Thompson that she said,
emerged in the challenge the WHO scientific findings about obesity, most notably a dietary recommendation, a limited consumption of sugar.
Sugar producers in the package food industry have a big economic stake in liability risk in the outcome of this debate.
Obesity related medical cost are will $75 billion in 2003 in US alone.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and obesity is closing it on tobacco,
with the nation's leading cause of preventable death.
Meanwhile, diavolated chronic conditions like heart disease and type 2 diabetes have overtaken infectious diseases as the leading cause of death worldwide.
If obesity is deemed as merely the result of an individual's lifestyle, choices and companies involved in producing unhealthy foods are off the hook, but if such products are seen as causing obesity,
then the sugar and package food industries could be in trouble and they ought to be.
The draft version of the WHO's anti obesity strategy for example recommends taxing junk food and providing government subsidies for healthier products.
The final WHO guidelines are scheduled to be approved this summer and before drafting them, the WHO produced a summary of the scientific research which finds a connection between obesity and unhealthy diets including too much consumption of sugar and fatty foods.
In April 2003 after this report was released, the Sugar Association and the Cormory Finers Association which makes high-proof dose corn syrup, leading software and sweetener,
mobilized to have findings revised.
Not only did they call on HHS to take action, but the Sugar Association also wrote to the WHO threatening to have its allies in Congress eliminate the organization's US funding if the WHO didn't rethink its anti obesity work.
The industry's leaders and representatives are certainly well positioned to make their views known and washed in, especially to the President and his top advisors, the Bush campaign acknowledges for example that its rangers, fundraisers who bundled at least $200,000 in donations,
including the Sugar Magnet Jose Pepe Fanyul Jr., Richard F. Holm, a 2003 lobbyist for Altria which owns craft foods and Robert Lieber and Jr. A lobbyist who last year represented Coca-Cola.
And in the campaign's class of pioneers, bumbas of a minimum of 100 grand, there's Robert A. Coker, a US sugar corporation senior vice president,
Barthly Restor, Coker, a whole-as-vice president of government relations, and Joe Watter, the chairman and CEO of Nestle USA.
The Sugar and Food Industry Association's content that the WHO's global strategy fails to recognize that personal lifestyle choices are as much a cause of obesity as diet.
And in January when the Bush administration sent its comments to the WHO and raised exactly those objections, echoing the industry's mantra of individual taking personal responsibility.
In a Trump, unlike the tobacco industry, I guess, right?
Right. In a 28-page later letter, the HHS office of Global Health Affairs Director William R. Stiger, who happens to be George Herbert Walker Bush's God-son, notes that the administration supports personal responsibility to choose a diet conducive to individual energy balance, weight control and health.
The letter goes on to criticize the WHO scientific reports linking a fruit-inventsable consumption and decreased risk of obesity along with many of its other scientific findings, in response to these other objections that WHO decided to revise its guidelines.
HHS spokesman Bill Pearsonized that industry groups, something drafting the department's criticism, but nonetheless, its January letter to the WHO discusses the value of industry input.
HHS would encourage the WHO to add more language on the role of industry and or trade groups, and addressing diet and nutrition acquitique says, especially those representing the food and beverage industries.
What a common, especially, craft-fist is, boys and girls, the most addictive, damn substance on the face of the earth's sugar, and they're all just funneling that money right into their damn-stinking, vacuum-ass.
How do you like that?
It's good for you.
Nah, right. Nutrition.
Sugar kills make no mistake about it. We find carbs kill their killers.
I'd like to stick a chalupa right in their rectum, right?
Ass. That's what I'd like to do.
Hit a moment, have a little chalupa, then that moan beast spit on them.
So you're right about all your friends at craft foods, man.
They're all really suck. Craft food.
They're anti-crissothed.
For years, I hated them.
But I do like craft macaroni and cheese. I don't eat it because I got that.
Beaties and I can't eat the...
No, I'm bored.
Somebody eats some crap. I certainly would not be eating crap macaroni and cheese.
Like, eight different brands just today, mate.
Really?
Yeah.
Such as...
No, no, no, no, no, say it because I don't want to be eating that.
But I do like it.
Boredie.
Can't make right out of a box, you know, and how do we, that real nasty, powdery crap?
But that's going to really be a better macaroni and cheese your own self.
This matter of fact, it's like, go orange cheese.
Have you ever noticed that? It's like orange.
I mean, cheddar cheese is orange, but not like that cheese.
That's not like synthetic orange.
Craft doesn't actually make things out of food.
No, they call it processed cheese product, which means they're in a real cheese in there.
It says a bunch of crap.
Cheese inspired goop.
As a matter of fact, I've even noticed that a lot of it has like the texture of plastic because it is.
And maybe that's why so many people are acting spastic because they're eating too much plastic.
And maybe that's why those big fat puppets are no longer quite as elastic.
That's not a fantastic.
5.670560, Palm 560 on the AT&T and Horizon Line.
Mr. Mendes, the mad dog at 2, the Humphor at 4.
We got Marlins and Indians.
That pregame at 6.30 game time, 7.05.
80 decayed.
Pungent is guts out after the ballgame tonight.
Why is always Pungent is guts out?
106 people out there say their favorite porn-oactor actress of all time.
They don't know because they don't know any of the names, but they are having a good time.
Jenna James in 86, Tracy Lourd 64, I don't watch porn-o48.
You know how that number keeps dropping and dropping and dropping?
Now it's about a 9.4.4%.
We're up over 13 once upon a time here in America.
Christie Canyon 35, Gingerland 24, Maryland Chambers 15, Vanessa Del Rio, who George don't like 15,
Nikki Dyle 12, Nina Hartley 11, Tracy Lane 10, Peter North 9, Rockwell Civil Ready 9,
Nakeda Denise 9, Bambi Woods 8, Linda Lovelace 8, Saka 7, Ron Jeremy 6, Barbara Deer 5,
Raylene 5, Asia Camera 5, John Pauler, she's got 3, that's Screamer.
Only one thing I could say about that child.
Tamatha Stevens 3, how about Samantha? I mean, she got.
Well, not anymore.
Where we going?
Gage 2, Paul Baratz, Voreci 1, I think we spelled that wrong, I'm sure.
Wait, wait, okay.
Terry Boygo 1, Tom Byron and Heather Brook don't have any other 520 votes.
Well, you're sure a facet of a lot of crap here, man.
There's no one who's just cranking it.
Is this that important stuff?
I don't know, you'll have to tell me which one is the important one.
It's from Bobby.
It's a policy, it's a memorandum office of the county manager in Dade County.
It says, I work at the courthouse almost true off all over myself when I read this, Schmidt.
It says, oh no, wait a minute, here's maybe this is the one that's very important from a dean and a general.
Although that's the beginning is, you know, it's something.
You'll have to sort through them during the break, I'm sure.
Why is that? Because there's a lot of them.
All these.
There's just a whole bunch of crap here.
Well, anyone who's this says on June 6th, President George W. Bush used a proclamation directing them to flag the USP
despite half staff at all federal buildings for a period of 30 days.
The paragraph of that particular number.
Oh, importantly.
Lastly, at their meeting on June 8th, 2004, the Board of Commissioners passed a resolution permitting employees to donate one hour of appropriate accrued leave time in honor of President Reagan.
The proceeds collected from the accrued leave donation will be donated to support the Ronald Reagan presidential library.
The employee relations department will be sending out information on the procedure for donating the leave time.
I'll tell you what I got for my foot up there, ask, how do you like that?
That's what I got for you, Mayor penis pecania.
You idiot.
Donate into the Ronald Reagan presidential library.
These are the same people that are still waiting for all that cash to trickle down their leg.
Yeah.
I wouldn't donate squat is what I would.
I get out of penny.
I get out an old ablinking penny is what I get out.
Now, this one says very important.
Right?
Right.
Oh, look at this.
Here's proof of the jamboschef which you remove voters from the roster and close your fine sign letters from telehassy.
Restating my civil rights on 330103, my new voters card with my new polling place, and then which I was returned to the voting rolls, which is April 7th of 03.
Now, on 6404, I was removed.
I voted the Democratic primaries.
I'm passmates with Josh Dero's class in 92, my name is Pomato, but it's perfect.
But at any rate, look at this.
The court system has notified election department of your recent felony conviction pursuant to Florida statute, Yadiya.
We've removed your name from the voter registration records, and this is dated June 4th, 2004, even though he was reinstated back on April 7th of 03, returned to the voting rolls.
You may register to vote if your felony conviction is overturned on appeal or when your civil rights are restored, when we receive this documentation,
we'll reinstate you as a registered voter.
Your restoration of civil rights form can be obtained from, and it's got an address and a phone number.
Sorry, there's no local or toll free number of course.
Yadiya liked this, so once again, they're pulling the same baby switch.
This guy includes the letter, right, dated April 3rd, that reinstates him, authorized me to wish him a person to be a grant of your restoration civil rights, and the state of Florida, except the specific authority to own possess a firearm.
We'll just get his office of executive clemency, restoration civil rights, including the right to vote, and all of these things.
And yet, the Jeb Bush crowd, because this fellow happens to be dark-complexed as we could nearby his voices he called before, happens to be a little on the dark side, and probably is going to be honed for John Kerry, which is kind of scary.
He can't vote, communist, they're communist, they're maybe Florida's sausage.
He will find a local, this is my city, the land is on your side.
Oh, how cute he is!
The world is a lower!
Well he's a telehazzy badbie, who got the party from his daddy, and if I said my little daddy,
with an agenda that's grabbed me, well he's a telehazzy badbie, no more badbie,
well he's a president, this is our, who doesn't have to run, no one else is gonna win, he might as well just move right in!
He has a golden spoon, he was born with a pizzazz, so look how do you do!
Get ready for the death, he's a telehazzy badbie, or he's a marshmallow right so where am I?
Oh, my ninja telehazzy badbie, all of them are badbie, well he's a very wealthy dude,
with very bad disputes, who never break his dues, I think there will always be screws!
He called him, he called him, he called him, he called him, and he's much who he's a great, against body with pay,
why do you think they call it, cooler?
Victoria, anyway, he's a telehazzy badbie, oh, he'll think they can't, they can't have him, oh, yeah he's a telehazzy badbie, no more badbie,
I'm dying out of the hands!
I was gonna have to set a set of facts with all of them, and he should be sent out to the Haroldus Uncimals, the ISPCA,
the New York Times, air-by organization in the History of mankind, I'm not gonna hear the Uncimals because they're in South Florida but they both suck.
I'm talking like maybe into a real newspaper like the Times, okay, is that incredible or what?
It's very credible, we knew what was gonna happen.
So anybody out there with things that the ills of 2000 have been solved in the state of Florida, and then we're not gonna have another as major scandal in what promises to be a very closely-contested election, especially in Florida, are you dreaming, okay?
They're gonna do everything in their power to try to make it as close as they can so they can steal the gun right in broad daylight, and send down to crazy people to knock on the doors, let us in!
So they can do the same crap again.
I mean, how America just sat back and loud that happened in the first place, speech that crap out of me, just like his buddies on the Supreme Court, and by the way, there's another part of Reagan's legacy.
His William Rincquist, Anthony Scalia, and Sandra, oh my god, Odeo Conner.
There's another part of his great legacy right there.
I mean, Scalia alone, forgetting about William Rincquist, and you know what Rincquist did for in the Gervet Osborne in Myron Breckerage?
Byron. Yeah, he just stood up straight and saluted.
Anyway, this facts about the economy is interesting about Reagan, this and about Trichlebaum, but the last sentence of his kind of interesting, is by the way, I was involved in the business venture with Marilyn Chambers, and almost became a porn star, I got literally screwed.
How do you like that? He was in a business venture with Marilyn Chambers, sounds like an adventure.
Yeah, and then this article here that somebody fast about the rabbis wig rule, and creates alarm among some who keep kosher.
All I can say is, I'm in Gervet, okay? I just have, it's a long story and about the wigs, and if there's one strand of Indian hair in the wig that it's a sacrilegious and idolatrous, oh god.
Oh, you're crazy religious people out there. Give it up already, give it up for suckers, give it a rest.
The smell, the smell of all that burning hair.
Oh yeah. Man, if there's anybody who knows about headgear, that's the guy.
In fact, he may not be in the morning, Mo, he may have to have his wig removed surgically.
Why is that? Well, the beast after he spit all that water, it made him with sugar water, maybe there's some sticky substance that he's going to make it stick to his head.
No, he tipped his hat to the beast.
Yeah, we didn't even know he wore one.
He tipped his piece to the beast, I think is what he's saying. He's trying to make peace with the beast by tipping his piece to the beast.
Well, you know what the Josh Becker would say to that, don't you? Peace to you.
What kind of hat would Mo wear?
What is this picture? I can't make it out. It's got a fill with what?
It's filled with an amcorder.
Oh no! How can you do this to me? Well, just like that.
Oh my god. You have to be schmittin' me. Are you kidding? Are you sure?
There's a little way.
If you should answer any question about Phil's turn to the dark side, he got hold of some bad pastrami. That must be it.
Here we are standing side by each next to and quarter with a big smile on their face.
And by the way, how many thousand pounds is he weighing?
About 15 tons. Even ten is the only four can't match this guy.
Can you believe it?
That's all the best.
Being fat right when Phil Henry stand inside by each with the unsus smelly nasty big and quarter.
Shame on you Phil. Shame on you. We're done with your suss, sorry A.
Okay. God.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Mr.
I need you to settle a debate when the first ambush got into office.
One there, a surplus of money.
Thank you.
A monocer plus, yes, it was a...
How much was in that surplus?
How much was in that surplus?
How much was in that surplus?
I don't remember. It was a humongous surplus.
It was a surplus of money.
And now we do have a deficit.
You know what I mean?
Okay. No kidding.
We had billions and billions in the surplus and this man has turned it almost overnight.
And they would say, well, you know, we had 9-11, but of course 9-11 had a little to do with the billions and billions,
which will soon be over a trillion that are going to spend on this racketack, which based all on lies.
But then again, it's operation of racket freedom.
I'm going to say to you, new people in the media, you're the people responsible for...
They're the people with a blood on their hands. I'm going to tell you right now.
All your people on CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, you are the people responsible and all the networks as well.
Responsible. You all have blood on your hands for sitting by it.
And I keep wondering how come we had the same exact thing happen during Vietnam?
Well, I guess that old farts like me, we just don't count anymore because let's see, Vietnam ended how many years ago.
About 30, man.
Everybody close to that.
So unless you're like, let's say, 45, anybody under 45, really has a little understanding
because in our schools, what do we teach about history? You know, we teach...
Oh, squat, nothing.
We teach the American Revolution and how many people out there don't remember what really went on with us,
58,000 kids coming back in body bags, and the way that the army kept lying and lying through their teeth
was about casualties and they kept painting this pretty picture how great we were doing.
And Kisnier told us he had a piece in his hand. He had a piece all right.
Man, his gosh, Becca would say, well, 567.0560, 05.560, only 18 and see.
I'm I'm serious, this thing with the media, how about that article I read about that Christian Amon four piece
of the Terry, that photo opera CNN that's turning down the Saddam statue in Iraq?
Yeah, in the middle of a square that was like, nobody ever heard of that place before,
there's 80's in the same statues, and just coincidentally, there they were with their cameras rolling for CNN.
It was a photo op.
The glory, and then when they pan back, you realize it was only like a small handful of people there, most of them were shills anyway.
But the public just keeps getting sucked in, sucked in, sucked in over and over again by the images that they keep being shown
because let's face it, images are powerful. That's why they, when those pictures came out, that's why they were crapping their pants when all those pictures came out from
Harbukhara because they didn't damn well, and people were going to be foaming at the mouth when they saw that crap.
And that's why they're doing their damnedest to make sure we don't see the new ones.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good, good, Neil, did anybody call about the Larry King show last night?
No, they did not.
You know what? Sometimes things are amazing.
Larry had on George W. Senior in Barbra, and Larry asks, I can't believe no one told you this yet.
Larry goes, Larry goes, what do you think about Reagan being on, you know, any coins or dollar bills or 20s?
And he goes, well, he pauses George, you know, senior and he goes, I could see that happening.
And I'd be for that. And then Barbra says, you know, Larry says, what do you think Barbra? And she goes, well, I think what's going to happen is, you know, the newer generations, you know, people like Reagan and Martin Luther King, I think the younger people are going to want to start seeing them on on dollar bills or, you know, as far as the art in generation of what they're perceiving as great people.
And Bush looks over at Barbra and says, Barbara, only presidents are on I currency. And Larry goes, well, well George, no, who was the first secretary of the Treasury?
He was on, he's on the 20 or why can't I, I don't know myself.
But he's under Hamilton. Exactly. And he goes and Larry goes, well, George Hamilton, Hamilton's on the 20 dollar bill. And he goes, he wasn't a president. And George looks over Barbra goes, he wasn't a president.
How did that one, how did that one, how did that one call you?
Nobody took other heads because nobody watches Larry King.
Oh my God, it was so, so then George was so embarrassed. He looked at Larry and goes, she's always right. I'm always wrong.
It runs in their family. Thanks for the bad news. Sorry, man. Wow.
She's on the money. She's on the one dollar bill. There you go. Martha Washington is where she got the wig from George.
Well, she liked guys named George. You know, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T at Verizon Wireless Line. How do you like that?
How embarrassing, how humiliating and degrading, you know. That's almost as bad as when he was putting on Ross Piro.
I know how to do a torture. Roll up your sleeves and do do do. We're going to crank out those old studies and roll up your sleeves and do do do.
And he kept putting them on there and promoting and promoting. And millions of people like a bunch of daughter who get used to it and voted for Ross Piro.
Thank goodness because it up went and get in. WQA and hello.
Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon. Call. I saw that same interview. Yeah. Piro laps 15 minutes.
First of all, Larry King, beyond the obvious is reprehensible. He's got to see George Bush, seniors, birthday parties, Saturday night.
Of course. He's got the one that has come by now. He's got the one that has come by now.
Absolutely. No question. He's your best closest dear friend. You don't have a great day. You're doing a great job.
Thank you, sir. Have a great life. Thank you. How do you like that, Larry King?
Sucky, sucky, kissy, kissy. That's his hold. The old man, of course, is by nobody on the age of 100 watches that show.
Once in a while, you know, I will, although last night I never even a channel surf over there.
But I'll, I'll a piece of my channel surf on it. Wouldn't have he's got somebody interesting. You might have something to say.
I'll, you know, I'll watch some of that. I'll just pretend Larry ain't there. I'll just pretend he's savored his suspenders and lying through his teeth.
By the way, Larry ever paid us people back in Miami that he ripped off all that money. Oh, I just wondered. Just asking.
I mean, he's only making millions and millions and millions and millions and millions. And there's a guy, it's just amazing.
He drew on in the sand and said, okay, that was my life then. And now this is now. And all you other people screw you.
Okay, I forget about that. But those people are still their same life and they still, you know, that's still their money that they want to ban.
Oh, 12 minutes after one at 560 WQM as your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation. Call 1 866 and Oasis. That's 1 866 2 866 2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
And Oasis seems being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business like you leave the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
So let the folks at Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable by making that one easy call for a fee evaluation.
Call 1 866 and Oasis. That's 1 866 2 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Call 1 866 2 866 2747.
Call 1 866 2 866 2747.
Oh, Jay D. Lee is a great corner by Kim and Good Jook.
I like Jay D. Lee very much.
Well, not the engineers, he's got to explore the never-least smooth toxins.
Oh, yeah!
Jay D. Lee is going to be different with you, see you.
Thank you, mom.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
Oh, go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look
Look at the Record tratarne, Evan прям instances here on theution section, here we go
Oh, look at that mirror you see
A road past love, yet so in me
Yes, I can't let me sun
Way to die, die, die, die
I know it's glow, it's once something's stained
It's almost every day I paint
Am I paint? Cause then it starts at tickle
I had to know it, to be told you're no fool
Yeah, I know it's like a fool, a bad
And because of the dreadful pride
I know it's a spell, it's with all faith
I know it's a spell, it's a spell, it's a spell
I know it's a spell, it's a spell, it's a spell
I know it's a spell, it's a spell
I know it's a spell, it's a spell, it's a spell
I know it's a spell, it's a spell, it's a spell
18-560, W.K. Let's number one with three bullets by the way
It is outstanding, man, it is outstanding
Showed a book of brine for president
Oh, Michael Moore for president, book of brine for VP
What do you say? I don't even like the court jester
You know, I give it to everybody
It's a very outstanding
Courtney loves speaking of stick
Is the last time I'm going to mention her on the show
And guess who I haven't mentioned in all today
Even though the rumors are that she's pregnant
Don't say it
And what's the hurry yesterday we had the rumor about the house
Well, there wasn't a rumor but supposedly she married Mark Anthony over the weekend
And how the rumors are that she's pregnant, she's with child
I'm not mentioning her on the show again
I'm not mentioning her on the show again
No, I don't want to touch that
I've just had it
I mean, would all the men afflux stuff and do it
I mean, we just got the meat you got sucked in and sucked in and dragged down the path
And I thought already, okay?
We're done with you, okay? What's your name?
And this is the last one for this bitch
To Courtney Love, which charged with a technical female friend of her former managers in April
With a bottle and a metal flashlight
He's just a crazy bitch
The film on each charge of a solver the daily weapons stems from an April 25 incident
That the LA Home of Former Manager Jim Barber
And arrest warrant for the rocker was issued yesterday
This afternoon, if Courtney Schok's woman Sandy Gibbons said
Love was out in custody, it was unclear whether she'd been served with him
Or she'd been charged in three additional cases including two that occurred hours apart in October
She just, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Crazy
She already said cocaine, other opiates were founded love system after she was arrested for allegedly trying to break into the home of former boyfriend in October
Maybe she could get together with Cecil Collins he could show us some good breaking techniques
Now, he's just trying to get a peek
Love played a guilty in LA superior court to a misdermeter crime of being out of the influence of her controlled substance
And agreed to enter a drug rehab program in that case
She also faces felony charges in Beverly Hills superior court where she's accused of illegally possessing prescription pain killers
Maybe she knows Russian, maybe she knows Wilma
She played an innocent in that case case which will return to court June 17
And may love as a way to New York City our charges of assault and reckless endangerment
For allegedly hitting a fan with a microphone standards club on March 18
She just shout out tough life that's all she's got problems
All right?
I hate you
I have no life
That might be it
The Bush Administration circumvented the Unibid Convention with the abusive Iraqi prisoners at Abu Gharr Rehprizen
The International Advocacy Group Human Rights Watch said today
In its 38 page report, they wrote to Abu Gharr Rehprizen
The Bush Administration deliberately allowed illegal interrogation techniques
Then covered up or ignored reports of torture and abuse
They said that Geneva Convention did not apply to al-Qaeda and mutane ease
Donna Rumsfeld said they didn't have those rights
Said read Brody an attorney for human rights watch
But even when they're not prisoners of war, they're entitled to some protection
The organization cited three ways in which Bush Administration policies
Created conditions for abuse at Abu Gharr Rehprizen
First, the report said the Administration adopted the position
That the war on terror allowed circumvention of international law
Meaning laws prohibiting torture were no longer binding
Second, the US military used coercive methods to cause pain and humiliation for detainees
To compare them for interrogation
And third, third, you turn
Before the publication of photographs of the abuses, the Bush Administration ignored reports of this treatment
Of detainees both in Afghanistan and Iraq
The Administration's continuing to fend off criticism from Democrats and human rights activists
To say the Administration ignored international law protecting prisoners of war
And the Administration officials maintained international freedom banning torture
Do not apply to al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners
Basically, the mine said was anything goes as Brody, the gloves come off
They felt we're not going to fight this war with one hand tied behind our back
So we're going to do whatever we have to do
Then they said about looking for every legal loophole they could
Then they undermined 50 years of international law
So you can want one thing about these people, treaties, law, things like that, constitution
They'll confuse them with these little things, okay?
Common courtesy, decency
Oh now is this the big thing that we were talking about?
I was telling you that there's this continuous chain email that I keep getting
So I know everybody's getting them this bull crap email
About bull believe the media here's what's really going on in Iraq, supposedly written by a soldier
Oh, I know I've seen this crap already before
This is just garbage, you'll tell the wonderful things that are happening in Iraq and in the car bomb
Okay, I've seen that crap before, please don't do that again, okay?
I have a lot of facts to it, but I've had to eat in every sheet, okay?
They facts in Iraq, you know, continuously, and we've gone through it, not say it
Hey Anthony, get lost, okay?
If you want to be our fan, go away, cut the facts in, enough of the facts in
Anyway, getting back to that when I was just suggesting there from the brunt independent
Ramesfeld told officers to take gloves off with lind
I wonder if that was Paul lind
John Walker lind, the so-called American Taliban, was stripped naked and tied to a stretcher during interrogation
After the office of defense secretary, Don Ramesfeld, ordered intelligence officers to take their gloves off when questioning him
Mr. Ramesfeld, legal counsel, instructed the officers to push the limits when questioning lind captured that Afghanistan with Taliban and Al-Qaeda forces in late 2001
The treatment of lind appears to foreshadow the abuse of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Gharr, the details of linds interrogation confirmed claims
Made by his attorney Tony West that when he was captured by the Northern Alliance forces in the hand of the CIA, operatives near the northern afghan city of
Masari Sharib, the asteroid attorney, not only was he refused to enter and the out advise of his rights, but his interrogators were told to get tough to obtain actionable intelligence in the pursuit of Osama bin Laden
Documents seen by the LA Times showed that when a U.S. Army intelligence officer started a question lind, he was given instructions that the secretary of the
early stages, linds responses were cable to Washington every hour. The lind initially fleed not guilty, he later have been to reduced charges, it was sentenced to 20 years
He and his lawyers also agreed to drop claims that he had been tortured by U.S. personnel
A defense department spokesperson said the Pentagon refused to speculate on the exact intent of the statement from Mr. Ramesfeld's orifice
The Department of Official Stress that all interrogation policies and procedures demand humane treatment of personnel in their custody
The Secretary said he spoke so quickly. Right, and it goes on. I thought that memo would be all you know about, and nobody really cares
It's a good, if you know stuck it right in front of their face all the evidence don't confuse us we got a ballgame to watch you know what I'm saying?
And speaking of ballgames if we have any more thinking than promos, we've had more play by play on this show today in these damn
Regions and promos than you do during a course of a normal ballgame
Clarence, Mr. Sports, God Almighty, sports!
One thing that we're hearing about ballgames, do we have to replay the whole damn thing during the show every day?
Okay, kill some good time again
So after we come back from the break will play some of the highlights, there weren't many highlights actually from last night's Marlon game
From South of the Marlon game, from a long time ago, from the World Series, some real exciting highlights with Dave and Bore
Soar Rose, here's some good news, Soar Rose spending millions to defeat Bush
Oh right!
George Soar Rose dream is present Bush losing in November and so far the billionaire philanthropist has donated nearly $13 million to independent groups that also want to turn that vision into reality
I'm merely putting my mouth where my money where my mouth is, Soar Rose said after surviving the Nazi occupation of his native Hungary and giving away billions of his self made fortune to charitable causes
Soar Rose is entering national politics at a big way for the first time
He says he's too disturbed by Bush's policies to do nothing
This is not a normal election, he said he's in not normal times
The Bush administration said his flouted past rules of international relations by declaring war in Iraq after 9-11 after the terrorist attacks is before he written
Here's the Americans, to defeat the Bush doctrine by asking the president of November 2
If we re-elect President Bush, we're endorsing that doctrine and we have to accept the consequences
To that end, he's given millions to three liberal-leaning organizations that also want the Bush to defeat 10 million to America coming together
2.5 million to the move on.org voters fund and $3,000 to the campaign for America's future
He's also placed $3 million to be center for American progress
I'll think tankled by John Podesta, Chief and Stafford President Clinton
Nice going George Soar Rose, you go boy
In fact I'm sure George Rodriguez will toss in his couple of millions, and we'll be all set
Sure, I got it right here
And George, once Josh gets a check in the mail, another couple of millions will really be on top of him
We'll be all over like us, think on Mo
One, like spit on Mo
127, at 560 WQM
Anybody tuned in late, they missed the 7th, the beast in Mo again, was spitting that's now, okay?
Yesterday was Mo's turn, spit a bunch of water all over the beast, then the beast got him in the day
And Mo was so excited by it, was so impressed by the beast that he actually went on a Joe Rose show demanding the microphone
So they could give his kudos, he could tip his hat and his piece to the beast
Man, oh man
I have little regard for any creature alive that would give a piece to the beast
Anyway, let me tell you about Brandy Shoes in Pomato Beach
From 90 North Federal Highway, great place to take your feet for fantastic shoes
Best name brands, best selection, best prices, best sales holes are really a good carrier
They know your feet inside a new
They got the top names in the shoe business waiting on you, they got rock ports, Floreshawm, SAS, Spirry, Timberland, Naturalizer, and lots more
And with the Humaanga Selection Brandies, even just about bed-grig-weeds life on it, and whatever it is
Style you like, they got your size in stock right now ready to slap on your big, fat feet
Brandies is open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 and Sunday's 10 to 5
You'll find them like I said at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Pomato Beach
It's always worth the trip and don't forget just in time for Father's Day
Step up to Floreshawm, all great styles this week, 20% off, come into the store to check this out
or visit them on the web at brandyshews.com
You'll find them like I said at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Pomato Beach
This is for free on Friday 6th, QAM
They got their car on the right side of the road, but they're not coming up tonight
On the inside of behind the True Hollywood celebrity-easy-vography profile story
They were from Canada, where everything is so much better
They were a land I know
They ain't a town better than the North East
Our music was a boot like positive and upbeat things, eh?
Lens founder, Marcus Danzo
Basically, Canadians are like happier than you Americans, eh?
We got like a healthcare system they're like, work, say?
And like the crime rate is much lower here, eh?
And nobody in the Middle East is like mad at us, eh?
What are you trying to say?
Oh, nothing, eh? Just nobody calls us the great state or anything, eh?
Look, that's enough, you... you... Canadian?
Oh, it's okay, I know what the hostility is, eh?
But like, we're this close to legalizing marijuana here, too
You are? How's anything?
Oh, any day?
Eh, listen, you think you could put me under a few weeks, you know why?
Let's go out and play some live.
Oh, sure, eh?
Great, sorry I got that before.
Whoa! An apology, eh?
I've never heard an American do that, eh?
Lynn, they're upbeat, positive music, eh?
You should knew I had a place that just might decide not to put me in jail for getting high.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing-wit-looking show business tonight, on Inside of I.
132.560 W.A.M.A.
Mad Dog at 2.Humper at 4. Marlon's Baseball at Cleveland at night, pre-game 6.30
Federal agents Wednesday, yesterday, chart 6.5 and airlines employees in Newark and 10 people in Miami.
In Miami? Oh my god!
Including four airline workers with smuggling hundreds of pounds of cocaine into the country through Newark Liberty International Airport.
The workers were baggage handlers at the airport, they used their positions to divert suitcases of cocaine from customs and inspections,
and quite a US immigration and customs enforcement.
The workers also laundered millions of dollars in profits by taking suitcases filled with cash out of the country,
again using their positions to bypass inspection authorities said.
In other words, why should we just leave all to the American airlines workers when the continental people get on the act, right?
The employees travel through Miami, Puerto Rico, La Republic, Diminicana, Elcerado, and Porta Drux, Naisport, the Cash.
Continental workers at Airports in Miami and Puerto Rico have also been implicated in related schemes.
Ten people including four Continental employees were charged Tuesday in cocaine conspiracy and diving issueed in.
My Annie! Oh my god! Cocaine in Miami, what a concept!
Thank you, Rose!
Now here's a piece of good news.
Now listen, I gotta get- because I'm almost out of time here, I gotta half an hour, I didn't realize a couple of things we wanted to get in here.
You ain't got no half an hour.
26 minutes, alright, but who's counting?
And then you take out those seven minutes of spots that sound 19 and a couple of minutes of breaks in there, I mean of rejoins,
and at 45 minutes of play by play, it's time to go!
You can't just be gang boring in the booth through its time to go home by.
Well don't forget author T.D. Alman, who's latest book, Robe State of America,
and what would the world be in cruel gables tonight at 6 p.m.
At Books and Books 265, Erragone Avenue, he'll be talking about his work, hold a question, answer a session as well as some copies of his fine book.
It's paperback, you can afford it. Robe State of America and World Over the World.
He's also the author of Mimey City of the Future, a highly respected book, which was a best seller and florider for more than three years, but don't hold that against him.
So he'll be there at 6 p.m. tonight, Books and Books 265, Erragone Avenue, and he prestige his right wing gables.
Although his book is hardly right wing.
Now this is a piece of interesting news, which I find very amusing and pleasing.
The L.A. County Board of Supervisors yesterday affirmed its decision-wised week to negotiate an agreement with the ACLU of Southern California on which a tiny cross will be removed from the county seal.
All right!
Now great, it's a little teeny tiny one, but it's a cross.
Supervisor Mike Antonovitch asked the Board to seek outside counsel for a comprehensive legal opinion on the issue.
The Supervisor voted three to two on June 1st, not to fight a court battle over the seal, said, and Antonovitch is motion-paired by the same three to two vote.
County spokeswoman Julie Hammons, prize of gotten a piece of order, and what are you doing?
I think you're putting it on purpose?
Doing what?
Breaking up like that.
No.
Okay.
Are you having a technical problem, some sort?
We were.
I'm doing nothing here.
Okay, and you're talking.
Okay.
Okay.
Right.
Next.
That Supervisor Don Navy, will you shut up, supported Antonovitch's motion, but Supervisor Jeb Yaroslavsky, Gloria Molino and Ivan Bratway Burke opposed it.
Hundreds of people spurred on by a radio talk show host gathered in and outside the Board of Supervisors meeting room to protest the plans for removing the cross.
In the Soviet Union, there was a joke said radio host Dennis Prager, who is Jewish, as he spoke before the Board.
A very powerful dissident joke.
I'm sure that they have remembers this.
They used to say in the Soviet Union, the future is known.
It's the past, which is always changing.
Totalitarianism is not possible unless you erase the past.
That is what you did.
That is why there are so many people here in thousands outside.
In the May 19th letter to each Supervisor, the ACA-07 California argue that the Latin cross on the 47 year old seal is a sectarian religious symbol.
It represents the beliefs of one segment of the county's diverse population.
The ACLU contends the inclusion of the cross on the seal represents the violation of the constitutional precept of separation in church and state.
Protesters carry signs comparing the ACLU to the Taliban and line temple street of Grand Avenue in front of the Kenneth Han Hall of Administration in downtown LA.
Others held signs reading Jews for the seal, anti-Christian liberties union ACLU, and stopped the cultural cleansing, stopped the ACLU.
Many drivers including one in the LA County Sheriff's Department car haunt their horns and support the protesters.
In closed session June 1st, the board of supervisors devoted negotiate with the ACLU, which had threatened to sue unless the cross is ruled from the county's seal.
Just get it off of there, okay?
Just get it off.
Take the cross off, take the smectives off, take the starry day of it off, take all of that crap off of there.
Nearly a hundred people signed up to speak on the issue before the board.
Some comments to board members became personal.
A few Hispanic and Black speakers accused Molina who was Hispanic and Berkou is Black, of not representing the views of their communities.
Yours Losky was Jewish, was also told they were moving across from the seal, conceivably could translate to the ban of all the religious orient symbols, such as Jewish boys being banned from wearing amokas, which I say.
Yeah, right, go for it.
Another speaker said the enforcer removed the cross, reminded him of Nazi Germany.
I'd like to remind him that the swastika was nothing more than a twisted cross.
Okay?
Yeah.
That's all that was.
You jackass.
Good anyway.
See, this is the thing that I'm never ever going to understand.
Why can't you adjust to your own thing and keep it out of the public, stop trying to jam it down our throats, since it's for your own good.
I love you.
I got sent in for their own good.
That's my foot up their ass.
How do you like that?
If a friend was drowning, wouldn't you want to help them?
If the little kid, you know, is dragging the lady across the street to do his good deed and she doesn't want to cross the street, maybe it's not such a good deed after all.
Okay?
Well, the lady just said she's straight to her knees and and scraped her bag on the street.
He's saving her.
Yeah.
We don't want to be saved.
We don't want to be helped.
We don't want to be saved.
Okay, we just want to be left the hell alone.
That's all.
All your religious crazy people out there, whether you're a fancy, shmancy headgear, you'll think that you can find them.
You can wear the fastest headgear you can find, baby.
Then they couldn't get you to heaven.
You're still going to be in that box and the worms are still going to get you.
I hate to break the news to you.
Uh-oh, see you.
You're not going to be praying you all around having people march five by the thousands by your casket.
I still say the box is empty.
Oh.
Wouldn't it be something if a Brad Pitt looked like him running in there?
And what right up to it said, what's in the box?
That's the neppy grade.
I don't even be greedy.
Like Jack Maillard.
I'll be even more exciting than that phony bomb-threathe-head.
Yes, they have no...
You should have seen, because I don't want you to see it.
You should have seen Wolf Blitzkrieg and Paul Azon hyperventilating on CNN.
I thought they were going to like stroke out right there on the camera.
It was unbelievable.
Well, we don't really have any more information.
And then, oh, brother.
Fossil arm.
And of course, that idiot that Anderson Cooper sends me straight to the Cooper that moron.
He's standing out there breathlessly on the lawn.
And now the cops are like pushing him back to the street.
Oh, and we're bringing his to move back.
And then they prankly shoved him down in the street, which I would love that.
A high five to TV said if they would have done that.
Just get out of here already, idiot.
Take your damn camera and your microphone and stuff it.
Get out of our face.
You moron you.
From the certainly not news network.
That was a false alarm.
And I thought we were a little egg you understand.
24-2 at 5-60 WQN.
And if your hair is coming out in clumps.
Here's the answer for it.
Not some phony looking piece.
Absolutely.
Not some nasty looking muskrat.
Not some weasel thing crawling around on your head.
Not those dangerous pills which might just kid you and probably won't go any hair back at all.
But Charles Alphier is natural hairline system.
It's the most amazing hair system anywhere in the universe.
Charles has been all over the place for over 35 years now helping guys look great.
He's been a good morning America.
Today's show CBS Morning News was his exclusive patented hair system that's the best in the universe.
And you have nothing loose but that bald spot to cause Charles to give you this guarantee.
It tries this in for 30 days.
But 30 man.
After a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting clotted and caught at even by all ladies, return it for a full refund.
Charlie also services and impairs existing hair systems while you're away, including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay, call Charlie day and change your life forever.
Look better and younger than you dreamed you ever could again.
Say goodbye to that big bald spot and get some great looking hair.
Call 123-1800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or check them on the Wicked World Wide Web at CharlesAlphierry.com.
My name is Michael.
We are sports video fights using Q and U.A.M.
How dare they drive the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture prison.
The Hagoogara Rhyme.
Don't lie.
All the hard-furn.
Don't come to talk.
Every time I see.
Don't come to talk.
Let me part in him, which.
Don't come to talk.
Call 123-1800-2413.
He's President Thump.
Rapel Wicked Muscle Bill.
And in our taking the idiot.
I don't know why.
They were this wanton's car, but no easy.
Just room to the floor, you.
The President Thump.
Call 123-1800-2413.
All what I get to come welcome home.
And get to win your voted home.
You're the one.
And you want this.
Don't come to talk.
If strung is too big easy.
Don't come to talk.
Call 123-1800-2413.
And this drug in which.
He's dead.
Don't come to talk.
He's even.
The number that we.
He's President Thump.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him here.
I hurt her across the Christian.
I know that.
But you and I have no fear.
We've got a great leader.
With President Thump.
I'll go and buy him.
Give him the $20 bill.
You don't care anything that's smaller.
What does he know about tens and 20's?
There's a fact that I love.
Anyone mentioned that Altria, the owner of the craft foods,
was named Philip Morris.
Macaroni and cheese with a cigarette.
That's the life style of champion.
That's the healthy choice.
There you go. I love it. Our George hates the crap foods like poison. I mean like just yes. I can't believe it.
I don't want Walmart. I've got to go. Even worse than Walmart. I don't know about that equally.
Neck and neck knows to know. No chance. I'll use any of their products or being any of their places.
Here's the fact that says please add shame from the re-shames world of the pool. She's hot hot hot.
S-H-A-N-E-Shame. Okay. What a shame if we left off shame, right? And it also says carry in 2004.
Oh, right. She's still around. You're uncarried. She's...
You know something I think he's benefiting just sitting back. Maybe he's got the right strategy. Maybe he's in that box.
He sure looks like it.
Well guess whose birthday it is this week boys and girls. I can't play the whole thing but I certainly can play a little bit to give them a clue.
Oh my god, I feel so drunk. Yeah. Yeah. He's talking about a pad on the back. A pad on the tail feathers.
For his birthday they can take a recent off an unlucky dizzy legend.
Played it as birthday at Disneyland Paris yesterday by dancing on stage under a shower of confetti as hundreds of park travelers saying happy birthday to you to Donald Duck.
A street parade down the themes main park's main park marked the occasion with Mickey and Minnie Mouse leading away.
Why is that? Yeah. It's not in there. Daisy Duck and Friends. Daisy Duck and Friends, trail behind, carrying a giant pink cake.
I think it's a great parade to see what great time we had. I'm just amazing. I'd amaze myself.
Donald made his acting debut June 9th, 1934 in a silly symphony movie titled The Wise Little Hand. I didn't know that to do it. No.
The Wise Little Hand. I didn't do any characters. Since then the lovable yet fussy foul has appeared in hundreds of films from the educational Donald Duck and mathematics land to the 1942 cartoon Donald Duck drafted.
Turning entirely into a hero during his frequent feather flying tantrums, Donald's favorite songs and comedy times include Apholy and Oh Yeah.
We're talking to that Donald Duck thing. Donald who would long time love Daisy during much of his career usually wears a sailor suit with inexplicably no pants.
Oh I know some guys like that. It's not inexplicable. Huh? There's an easy simple explanation.
Hey, say it. His middle name revealed in the WDW2 draft cartoon is Fauntler Roy. Did you know that? No.
Well, you're learning so damn much. It's almost dangerous. His nephews, Huey, Dewey and Louis went on their own showbiz career, stirring alongside Donald's uncle Scrooge McDuck in the Disney series Duck Pales that they built in the late 80s.
Clarence Duckie Nash was Donald's original voice. He was succeeded by Disney artist Tony and Soma, moving from the screen of the printed page zone debut in the Daily Comer's strip in 1938.
Donald stars alongside Mickey Mouse and Mickey's Phil R. Magic, a new 3D attraction Disney World in Orlando. Disney also released a retrospective DVD last month on Walt Disney Treasures, the chronological Donald Volume 1.
For the festivities in Paris yesterday, Carl Lagerfield threw a portrait of the birthday duck sporting the fashion designer signature glasses and cardigan.
He said, the primary genius of political advertising Tony Schwartz used to preach that the most effective ads don't seek to convey information but to reach out to the target audience's mind to pluck a responsive cord already there.
Bill Schneider, the shoe public opinion analyst, has said what the American people want most in the president is what they didn't have in the last one.
So perhaps the way of plucking the responsive cords of those 4-10 Republicans will now say they would reconsider their support for Bush in November is to raise them such responsive cord questions as the offhand sampling below.
Would you rather have a president who can change his mind when his vision of reality turns out to be mistaken or one who dares not change for fear of appearing weak?
Who believes that evidence necessary to justify a war has to be carefully weighed or one who is satisfied when a CIA director tells him the evidence is a slam dunk?
Who fires advisors who have misled him or one appears to reveal that he knows that they misled him.
Who has a variety of wise men and women to advise him as well as God or one who thinks that is enough that is enough that he hears and recognizes God's voice?
Who goes back to the Constitution for guidance on liberty and values or one who goes instead to religious fundamentalists?
A president who when considering healthcare policy gives first priority to the health of children and parents or one who gives first priority to the interest of the drug and insurance companies?
Who either confides in and trusts the Secretary of State or else replaces him or one who does not give a secretary of State information that he discloses to the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia?
Who when a 9-11 hears that Washington New York run to deadly attack takes charge immediately or one who not knowing what to do goes on reading to a third-grade class that he's visiting?
Who can remember his mistakes hence moves to remedy them or one who says he cannot remember any hints cannot do any remedy?
Who claims victory whether it is one or one who claims it before it is one?
Who gives a high priority to humane programs like keeping veterans all welfare?
Or one who's priorities run instead to ensuring that corporate contributors like Aliburton receive profitable contracts?
A president who faces the media frequently accepts the obligation to inform press in public or one who fears the press relies on one-liners to divert it?
Who reads some of the newspapers that oppose or support him or one who doesn't read any paper?
Who seeks advice from a wide array of energy experts and experienced people or one who draws heavily on the oil industry?
Who tries to understand the right of Americans and the right of their problems and needs or one who thinks the circle of friends is representative of America?
A president who appoints a diverse committee to investigate how 9-11 could have happened or one who sacks the committee with allies and cronies?
Hopefully some of these questions will spark some responsive chords. They're also welcome reader suggestions for questions and she's got a place where you can click the link to and she says I'll post a sampling in the coming weeks.
Between Evand and Hubo Lenatian she's outstanding, it's more your salente.
152 at 560 W2 at Mad Dog come up at 2 o'clock here with all right.
Okay we're almost out of time but this worked out just fantastical didn't it?
It'd be beautiful, it sure did.
Anyway here's number your pardon?
Ducky.
Yeah it was really dumb lucky.
Who's your favorite porn or actor or actress of all time we asked today?
I don't know any of their names 132. I'm enjoying watching right now but I don't have time to check the names.
Jenna Jameson Wode 2, Tracy Gore-Zati, and a watch, .053 down to 8.2% liar.
A Tracy Candon 42, Gingerland 31, Maryland, chamber 24, Vanessa L. Rio 22, Nina Hartley 17, Tacey Lane 15, Nikki Bell 15, Peter North 13, Asia Camaro 11, Ron Jeremy 10, Babywood 10, Rockwell Separate 2,
Jake 9, Little Ablaistein, Niki Nis 9, Tabitha Stevens 9, and everybody else small for ten.
Bye bye bye!
