It's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
It's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
And so many, so many, so many, so
With a baseball cap and a silk cardina
And so many, so many, so many, so
Hitting in a rickety run down
Shatches out of mid-condition, 60-hit cash and that
Now I can't think of no one who could make me mean her
Then that's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
She crawled and she saw she's a real boy
She's the terror of howl and there'll be full of her
She's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
Oh my god
She's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
Oh, very slow, very slow, very slow, very slow
But you could, you're often acting like you've never seen her
And so many, so many, so many, so
Don't try and blow your own due agitate
Because she'll only keep sucking on a respirator
Now I can't think of no one who would make me mean her
Then that's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
She crawled and she saw she's a real boy
She's the terror of howl and there'll be full of her
She's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
She's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
Oh, very slow, very slow, very slow
She's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
Oh, very slow, very slow, very slow
She's a little old lady from higher Lehigh
I, you probably want to try what we're playing about today
I, I, and two to be honest with you
Because of the really good, I was, uh, was J, America
Okay, what do you do from the FPL?
The bits we are allowed to play anymore.
Oh, that's right. We can actually still play that one.
Let's hear it.
Good old J. America from the like bulb from FPL.
Boy, those were the bad, bad days, but nevertheless.
So the first celebrity death of the day, yes, there are two for you, Junior.
Jan and Dean Singer's Jan Berry dies at 62.
Oh, I thought that one I want to hear.
No, that's why I played that one.
Oh.
Hey, slow down little Jan.
Come on.
That's a beautiful vet.
He's driving like a lunatic.
He's dead.
He's dead.
Anyway, Jan Berry, member of the duo, Jan and Dean, who couldn't sing a lick.
They had the 60-circuit, dead man's curve, which you just heard more than enough of right there.
And little old lady from Pasadena died.
He was 62. Berry had a seizure. Stop breathing at his home Friday.
He was pronounced dead that evening at a hospital, said his wife, Gertie Berry.
And that acute name, Gertie Berry.
He had been in poor health recently from the lingering effects of brain damage
from that 66 car crash in his Corvette in his stingray.
Jan and Dean had a string of hits and 10 gold records in the 60s
with their tales of Southern California.
Among them were 1964's little old lady from Pasadena.
About a heart-raising grandma.
And Surf City with its lines about taking the station wagon to a place where there are two girls for every boy.
With Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys, William Jan Berry co-wrote the lyrics for a Surf City and Dead Man's Curve,
which featured the driving guitar, Lixon, falsetto, crooning of the Wildly Poppeter, Surf Music.
Berry is hit making career with high school friend Dean Torrance with cut short in 1966,
when Berry's speeding Corvette hit a park truck and he suffered severe brain damage.
He looked impartially paralyzed unable to talk, but his recovery was slow.
Eventually he was able to resume singing and writing songs.
In fact, probably singing no worse than he was before the brain damage.
Not too well.
An addition to his wife he survived by his parents, his three brothers, etc.
So Jan Berry, I'm not sure which one is which.
No, whatever.
Well, one of them was the blonde kid and looked too bad.
The other one was kind of like a bizarre look.
But anyway, I want him Jan Berry said 62.
Rest in pieces.
Now, a little bit more cerebral, I guess.
Oscar winner, Sir Peter Yustanov dies at 82.
He dies?
Absolutely.
Sir Peter Yustanov, a brilliant wittin' mimic who won two Oscars for an acting career that ranged from the evil Nero and Cuovatus
to the quirky Agatha Christie detective, Hercule Perot, has died.
He was 82.
Yustanov for Renaissance, man whose talents included writing plays, movies, novels, as well as directing operas.
Also devoted himself to the world's children for more than 30 years as a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF.
He died of heart failure Sunday night in a Gennadyr clinic near his home at Bersons and Swiss vineyards overlooking Lake Geneva.
He was a great man.
Close friend Leon Davigo told the AP.
He was a human being.
He was a unique person.
Some of you could really count on Yadi-adi-adi.
I remember him best from Cuovatus.
He was on TV a lot too, on interviews.
Very cerebral guy, very well spoken, very abrogant guy.
Now he's dead.
His first attempts at acting were in the disguise of a pig and a dramatized nursery rhyme as Friar Tuck, a Robinhood fame,
and is one of three nymphs tempting your listies from an E.G. and Beach.
Anacross.
So Jan Berry and Peter Yustanov died this weekend.
Kind of a touch at all the bases there I guess, you know.
Racken, you know what I mean?
A little something for everybody.
We got something for you behind the beaded curtain on eoroges.com today.
Stacey Dash.
Who?
Yeah.
Dash right over and see her.
Stacey, well if you're over the age of 45 and if John Ascroft gave you personal four permission slips and if Conda-Lisa also called your home and said,
take a look at a real fast but not too long, then you might be able to take a peek.
Speaking of Conda-Lisa, I'm going to tell you right now that bitch.
She isn't qualified to wash the bathrooms at the White House.
I'm telling you right now.
You know those wire, not wire, but those brushes they had to clean out turlits that toilet brushes.
She is not qualified to clean out the turlits at the White House.
She is the most pathetic nasty, mean spirited, lying sack of crap that ever came down to pike.
Boy I got all those out and I want them to be able to doubt this joke.
I'm checking them too.
Well there you go.
I'm trying to think of some adjectives I can use for there we can still say on the air like, oh yeah.
She's a bad person.
She is a evil, evil doer.
Make no mistake about it.
Talk about a sellout.
Anyway, Stacey Dash, let's get back to good stuff and forget for the moment about Conda-Lisa.
Although I think we will play the original one about 20 times today until they shut the station down.
Just calm down, Duff.
Okay, he gets so damn nervous in there.
So gosh dang nervous.
We're not playing no Conda-Lisa.
Although I think what would be cute today just to keep him on his toes is...
Every now and then when he least expectsable, think of a few of those...
Think of a few piano keys there.
Stacey Dash was born in the Bronx in January 20th 1966 that makes her 38.
Well preserved.
Stacey knew she wanted to act from an early age.
Had an early age she began to act professionally.
Well, this is the worst biography ever saw my life.
Regular appearing on the Cosby Show in 84, the Fresh Prince of Bel Air, 1990, and St. Ellsford, I-82, at 22, she made her feature film debut in Moving.
Playing Richard Pryor's Unrolling Teenage Dora.
Four years later, she was in Mo Money, 1992 with Damon Wayans.
Mo Money.
Absolutely.
In 94, she started with Mark Wahlberg and Renaissance Man.
In 95, she did a provocative erotic thriller Illegal in Blue, and won the role of Dion in the classic comedy Coolus.
Playing Dion brought the actress fame.
She went on the star of the UP and sitcom Coolus.
And although the series didn't do too well last two years, during that time she completed Oliver Stone's cold around the heart.
And also the independent film Personals.
After leaving Coolus in 1999, Stacey seems to be moving along very nicely, recently appeared in painting and paper soldier says this IMDB.
Very marginal biography.
So there she is behind the beating curtain today.
Speaking of movies, Channel Server last night, now I'm surprised that you knew who this guy was.
His name was, what is it?
The guy in that purple moon.
Elaine DeLon.
DeLon.
How the hell did you know who that was?
One of those things I told you.
In a lot of movies that I said.
Well anyway, I'm Channel Server and he sure is how looked awfully awfully good.
And I saw I stopped right there on screen TV.
And the name of the movie was Purple Moon.
I think it was also called, what was it?
Pline Soleil.
That's the French Pline Soleil.
I think he was in a movie with Charles Carson.
At any rate, so much.
And this, and all of a sudden they're talking about Tom Ripley and about this one and Vicki Greenleaf.
And I thought to myself, this is the original hotel that Mr. Ripley all over again and sure enough it was.
Elaine DeLon.
You know, now he's 68 years old if he's still alive, which I think he is.
Yeah.
He's used to look pretty good.
I hit a whole bunch of wives.
At any rate.
Well, listen, nothing lasts forever, man.
Jan Perri's dead, 62 years old.
Oh, what a shame.
I'm not really sure why, but what a shame.
You're just supposed to say that, right?
Yes, you have to.
You have to.
Right.
Anyway, this was our pull from Friday with all the censorship going on with all this crap that's coming down these days.
Which of Neil's comedy bits or songs or sounds all of these things would you miss?
All of these things.
Most.
Sofa King was the hands down winner.
It led from the get-go, as they say.
I don't know why they say that because it really pisses me off.
It led right from the beginning, 368 votes for the old Sofa King.
Condoleza, speak of the devil, which I don't think we even had that honor in the beginning.
Had 273, a very strong second.
Speaking of her, Eric wants to know if you've seen the happy Congolese picture that he put on the front page.
Yes, I did.
The nice work there, Eric.
Excellent job.
I just leave me alone.
Fartsounds 214.
Well, no, she always looks angry.
She's always got that scowl on her push.
And she's always got the big gatt teeth there like, oh, like fangs.
Pinko crumple.
I would just leave her alone.
Maybe I cannot stand that bitch, man.
I'm serious.
I don't think they would allow her to clean out the turlits.
I wouldn't let her clean the turlits in my place.
I'll tell you that.
I wouldn't let her in.
Fartsounds 214, right on Condoleza's ass.
The I-95 cool song, 199.
Prison Bitch 166.
Well, here that no more.
Oh, that's sad.
Playing bagpipes.
One of everybody's favorites, 150.
Well, here that no more.
Bill Cigar is 123.
One of my all-time personal favorites.
Well, here that no more.
123.
Dickens Cider, 106.
The F-word, 104.
Headsham Poo 64.
Dumb Buck feels good 62.
F****** calls on Parade 49.
Just on little elders 38.
The old trouser trout 32.
My Anus 31.
Barney takes a dump 31.
Gay squared ends 31.
That was a popular number.
BOT 3rd, man.
Eisen Karl, I'm 28.
And quarter 28.
Did we put a big black guy name Ben on here?
We didn't put that on here.
I thought we did.
Oh, that was a bad move there.
Too over.
By Josh, we better do the whole thing over again.
And quarter 28.
Casey K. Sincurstine 27.
Cowboy Dickens I.
Scum 24.
Oh, uh, F****** in the well.
Kitty in the well 23.
Ands Rancid 22.
Fox News Heather 21.
I want the Bokobryder.
We do that.
Fox News Heather.
And we would like to.
Hey Brian.
You know what I'm saying?
I would like long.
In fact, when I would like him to put in there,
those like drumbeats,
the goose steps that he's got in the other bit.
And we got him.
Oh, let's see.
Fox News Heather 21.
F***ing between her thighs 19.
Little bitty diddy.
Bobby Brown, each had 14.
The abortion, shuffle 13.
Woody's Memphis 9.
No more Woody's.
It's 16.
Eight, Sergeant Dildo 6.
Don't forget the cheese, please.
Five, Bokbeads had five.
And only one for yellow light.
Well, he can redo yellow light easily.
Come on.
Let's do some redoes, Brian.
Okay?
Start earning you keep you bald head of geek.
Like to open up that mail this week and see a disc with about 400 remakes
on his way.
Actually, I can play something.
Ten, 13 at 560 WQM.
If you're still fat as a cow,
if you're frustrated because you've tried every one of the big name diets
and you're still just gigantic and maybe getting bigger by the day,
it's not too late to try the premiere meal delivery service balance for life.
It's all based on Dr. Berry's Sears zone diet.
And believe me, they do a stupendous job in figuring out exactly
the portions and the whole deal.
And they give you fresh, delicious food too.
Nothing frozen, no additives, no chemical feast.
Everything is the best ingredients that money can buy.
They bring you a little black sack right to your dough by six o'clock every morning.
Three fantastic meals, two snacks are right in that sack.
So there's plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied all day long and with all that food,
how could you really say you're on a diet?
So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet.
Don't settle for limitations of engine.
There's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting,
not even any carbohydrate counting.
And people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life.
The zone diet has been proven to lower your blood sugar, high cholesterol,
and high blood pressure too.
And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach Diet, which is a embarrassing ripoff of Atkins,
here's your chance.
Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company.
Let's say you have menu choices that allow you to go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach Diet.
So feel the difference.
See the results called toll free.
Here's their new number.
1-866-2254543.
That's 1-866-2254543 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
We're Sports Radio 516-UAM.
And then Mike, I'll blow.
This week on NBC, I am a hoop.
Never before seen episodes of Friends, including Sodomy and Season 4.
I play Al Pacino's butt.
We actually have a very sweet little knife.
I like big butts.
I did it.
I'm a pussy.
I caress my butt.
Well, I've never done that with you before.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
You're repainted in my ass.
Friends, Sodomy and Season 4.
Well, now I'm hot.
Does anybody have a problem with that?
I got a problem with that.
Okay, I have a wedgie.
How you doing?
Not under a fight.
And you see the classic friends disappearing.
What are the big things you did out of that?
Well, I think it was him.
Were you watching a piece they just had about Air America debuting this Wednesday?
No, I was flipping.
Oh, and they had the show Russia on air.
My God.
You talk about a big bag of crap, man.
With his cheeks like all puffed up.
That's probably before he lost the weight because he was doing all of them oxies.
Wow.
Talk about a bag of gas.
Unbelievable.
Just pontificating.
What the fuck are you talking crap?
Man, he just makes me sick.
I'm not sure.
That's a good pull to take.
Well, maybe do that tomorrow.
Who makes you the sickest?
Kind of leez-a-or-rush.
And of course, then the water put bush on there, you know.
I think it's a good idea always to start a pull by saying aside from George W.
Who makes you the most nauseous.
Right?
You can't compete with him.
Absolutely.
He's in the league of his own, man.
When it comes to the moonless stupidity.
Geez.
All of his face.
So, Air America debuts on Wednesday.
Is it on in South Florida?
No.
But the goddess will still be on.
Wow.
On whatever that station issues on in Palm Beach.
See, I can't keep track since Clear Channel turned the radio dial into a total abortion.
And they own about 8,000 stations.
Look, there she is again with that same look on her face.
Oh, man.
Angry condolese.
She's storming down the hall there and she's on her way to really let him have what for.
Ed Bradley did a magnificent job of just ripping her an ass on 60 minutes last night.
No, Ed, this did.
No, it was good.
He did a nice job, Ed.
You go, girl, boy.
It was good.
So anyway, Air America starts Wednesday and it'll be on in New York in LA.
And I don't know, Chicago someplace else.
And the goddess Randy Rhodes will be doing the afternoons Al Franken mid-days.
Now, those people who listen to Boston also listen to Randy.
Once she goes national on Wednesday, she could help us out.
In fact, with her help, just in those markets, she's going to be on.
If she wants to promote stop FCC.com, which I'm sure she would.
Right?
I think she's going to be against censorship.
Right.
And she's been able to be a potty mouth at times herself.
Then she ought to be plugging that like crazy.
She ought to be.
Right?
Since Chief Channel doesn't own that network, there's one.
So I think that you ought to get to her somehow.
You Randy Rhodes people.
Oh, she hates me.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about her listeners.
Why does she hate you?
You remember that Tampa thing.
Oh, the thing where she went to the strip bar.
The strip club.
Yeah, that was a part of it.
What was the rest of it?
Onward, upward, upward.
Come on, refresh your memory.
Inquiring minds of one and only.
I remember what she went.
She thought that there was going to be all kinds of shenanigans going on with all kinds
of people.
And I was one of those people and it just didn't happen.
And there were a lot of bitterness after that.
Oh, yeah, that.
Well, anyway, like I said, I don't want to talk about that.
Well, she had some.
She's had her moments.
You know, have it.
We all, you know.
Yeah, I guess.
But I still love her.
Yes, enough of that.
We can still play that one.
I think, can we?
Yeah.
Yes.
I don't know anymore.
Anyway, here's a letter to the editor in the Suncentle from yesterday.
David W. Kake in Pembroke Pines writes, trash talking.
I'm still sore from reading this.
Turns out there's life after Howard Stern.
His rude daily video show was entertaining for me as a twice a week morning drive listener.
But I don't miss him at all, says David.
All of these so-called icons are forgotten as soon as they're gone for a short period.
I didn't miss him.
I'm your rush when he was out of commission either.
When it comes down to what these people are just salesmen, redundantly selling their fans,
whatever will keep them listening.
Our local genius, Neil Rogers, whom I listen to often, would be the first wonder of acknowledge that there'll be no legacy left behind.
To his credit, Neil didn't change his act becoming more rude and hateful to appeal to listeners as Howard and Rush did.
I have no idea what that last part means, but thanks for the lick job, but David, that was very nice.
Our local genius.
Yeah.
He's a genius, I...
Is that incredible or what? They actually printed that.
They didn't print my letter from two weeks ago, but they print this letter from David W.
Cake?
Amazing.
Cake?
I mean, that part is so stupid alone. I mean, diabetic. I keep thinking about that.
He's not just a diabetic, but he's like, I think they call it a brittle diabetic.
I don't know.
I mean, he's always going into these diabetic comas.
I'm talking about Michael Crolyoni and Godfather III.
And that scene in the kitchen where he has the cake on the places that cake.
And she likes this.
At the point where I say, take your cake and shove it is what you would like to say.
Anyway, more of this stuff.
Now, don't forget, we are closing in on Texas on the petition drive stop FCC.com.
This is the week we'll put all the pieces together because Eric got in touch with Scott,
and they had a good confedulation.
By the way, Scott, I apologize if Eric got a little bit too pushy,
because Eric tends to be, woohoo, a little over the both Scott, just relax.
And anyway, we'll get that together and let people know how they can contribute.
And we get that ad taken out and then between that and maybe Randy will help us out.
Maybe some other broadcasts, we have some balls, because Randy's got a big pair.
I'll tell you that.
And we'll get those million signatures.
And then we'll give it our best shot. That's all you can do, because it just doesn't stop.
Radio and record says today the New York Post reports that WXR came to New York
a syndicated morning host. Howard Stern is about to be slapped with yet another FCC find.
Hi!
The newspaper cited an FCC insider saying a second notice of apparent liability regarding a broadcast of Stern's show is in the pipeline.
I wonder if that's the bonsai pipeline, remember that?
I do.
The post was unable to learn the nature of the rumored new fine.
FCC representatives were unavailable for comment to R&R press time.
Then, musicbusnetwork.com has this really convoluted story which Duff was just having an iris breakdown about.
I thought she was going to pass out on the floor.
She was so whipped up into a print.
Oh gee! What about, you know, just relax stuff.
Okay, they can't do that.
He's wondering if they're going to make the way to announce certain fines until after they jack up the fine rate.
They can't do that.
It's not the way that it's totally illegal.
It would be like if he had a speeding ticket a year ago and it hasn't gone to court yet, just for arguments say.
And then all of a sudden they raised the fine to like $50,000.
And then when you go to court, well, we're going to charge a $50,000 because the law just changed.
That's not the way it works.
Anyway, this one says the FCC has another Howard Stern in decency fine in the pipeline, one that could be announced in April.
And of course, April starts on Thursday, right? No fooling.
And also the trend comes out on Thursday, no fooling.
Of course, it says the radio world is still eagerly awaiting the much reported fines against W.E.B.N. Cincinnati and K.R.X.Q. Sacramento.
The only question is whether the fines will be tabulated under the current maximum,
whether the FCC will withhold announcing them until the indecency tenfold increase bill comes law.
It's whoever wrote this is an idiot.
Stop.
A clear channel spokesperson claimed that Stern is actually suspended from its six stations and not fired.
Stern asserted on air that he received the letter informing him that Clear Channel stopped paying for a show.
A clear channel denies the charge and says it's continued to cut checks for a show.
Maybe they got lost in the mail.
But sometimes those beastly checks do you know how that goes?
And if this isn't enough shocking radio news, wait till you're this.
Right.
Although it's really interesting because it's in the New York Post.
This is funny.
It's in today's post and there's has nothing to do with Howard.
But it's well, it just dimension something in the last part.
It's about O.P. and Anthony.
Maybe they don't have their pictures or maybe they're even uglier than Howard if that's possible.
I'm taking one thing, Howard's uglier than I am, which I never thought that was humanly possible.
But he makes me look lovely, even just a hair.
Even my hair is better than his I don't have any.
Even as members of the FCC in Congress conspired to keep programming they find disagreeable off their ways.
Radio bad boys, O.P. and Anthony are playing a triumphant return.
Oh my god.
More to come up after the break.
We got to do the break because I don't want to like short-change the audience on O.P. and Anthony.
Okay.
Well, and of course keep in mind who they used to work with.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pants.
Right. Right.
He's still on the air.
I guess in Atlanta, which to me, I'm just you can knock me over with the feathered buster here and that.
How is he possibly that child staying on the air, especially a station owned by Keep Channel?
26 after 10 at 560 W.D. Q.M. I've been telling you for years when your mattress scraps out.
It's time to get new one.
Make one easy call.
Do this marketing like I've been doing for a long time.
Call dial mattress 1 800 mattress.
Dial on mattress backs up everything they send their advertising 100% but their competitors still lie like crazy.
Like Greg Reed.
When you see a mattress head making outrageous claims read the fine print lots of lies waiting for in the weeds.
Here's an example.
The ad screams with a big headline half off.
But then you find out it only applies to a limited selection of items you'd never choose anyway.
Everything else full price.
And they probably double the regular price first.
And you'll probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like the goods.
At dial a mattress, the ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers.
When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll see their prices are so low that other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete to be even close.
Dial a mattress offers you a no-risk 30-day company exchange policy.
On all beds including the one you buy.
Don't forget when you call dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress.
You're getting your company ranked numeral, uno, and overall customer satisfaction in the universe.
From kindle to steward, Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And dial a mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what you'd be waiting for if your old mattress is killing your back, do the smart thing.
Right now just pick up the instruments.
Sit there and wait.
They'll be there at no time at all.
Knock it on your door.
Call tool free 1 800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com.
Dial a mattress at 1 800 MATTR ESD.
Honest the smart way to get you a great new bed.
This is 420 O'Bikes City.
You way up.
M.
All right.
George Bush live a place you can land so that you can avoid being a man.
Now you said you, Sir, that you do, he just fine.
Might you be absent in your mind, George Bush.
Your positions at stake, because John Kerry is out to suit you.
Your fate, it's those questions about the National Guard that might leave your rep.
You can start.
It's one to say you're not A-W-O-L and you can't book your nominee.
W-O-L-O.
What a funny thing!
The military can't find where you were in that money each time.
You party then you went A-W-O-L.
Your daddy hoped you'd do a W-O-L.
If you'd only come clean with a story that's real, you might earn back voter up to you.
So let me ask you, who's there to bring the holovot to prison when Ariel's your own gets in.
Maybe Martha Stewart can hook up with Ariel.
Or maybe Connie can make him some cannoli.
Oh, I'll look at all that.
His son won.
His son will bring it to him from the cell next door.
Oh good, excellent.
Bad news before we get back to whatever I was doing.
What was I doing?
All about the opian Anthony and the other.
I also want to comment on that letter the editor wrote because I just let it pass.
I'm not going to do that because I don't like having other people intruper for me what my take would be.
I'll give you my take momentarily.
But anyway, two homicide bombings, attacks on police and an explosion at an alleged terrorist bomb making factory in Newspakistan.
Killed 19 people in your 26.
Prosecutor General Rashid Keterov said the events began Sunday night with an explosion at Killed 10 people.
At a house being used by an extremist in the central province of Volkara last night.
There were also two attacks on police last night early today killing three policemen.
And two homicide bombings near the Torsu Bazaar in the old city which killed three policemen in a young child.
And they just crazy people keep killing each other and killing each other.
Because they just, you know, they don't like each other.
Basically, what a boys down to.
You got the wrong religion.
You got the wrong color on your skin.
You got the wrong look on your push.
You got, you know, that nasty evil look like kind of Lisa.
Boy, she, I'm serious.
She has really proven to be on a shadow of a doubt.
But I was always right about her.
I don't know anybody in America would let her wash their turrets.
Anyway.
So anyway, this letter by David Cake in Pembroke Pines.
See, he says, our local genius would be the first one to acknowledge there'll be no legacy left behind.
That crap. That's baloney.
Just because you're sucking the kissing my ass.
See, I can't say that. Kissing my ass.
Does man I'm going to agree with that?
You know, I appreciate the nice, whatever you said about me.
But that's not what I would say.
What would affect everybody got through saying the opposite.
This, this sounds like what Moa said a couple weeks ago.
Absolutely.
I don't know how it's during that.
The act of a clear channel in Miami.
Oh, it's a, you know, these people are here today.
Go on tomorrow.
Nobody in a few days.
It'll be all over.
Of course not.
That's not true at all.
Because radio is like part of people's lives.
Now, not as much as it used to be back in the days of real personality radio.
He had Carl D'Souz was doing mornings at WBZ in Boston and JP McCarthy in Detroit and her boss, Randerson, New York.
And to be honest with you, I mean, JP McCarthy had a great voice.
But he was about as exciting as spilt milk on your lap.
I mean, it was just, you know, they were there forever.
People got up in the morning.
They listened to those people.
They were driving to work.
They listened to whoever they listened to.
It becomes a part of your life.
Moa, and of course, you don't understand nothing about radio.
So what, you know, just bug off.
Stick to sports with you in clearance.
So the idea that, and of course, obviously this guy listened two mornings a week to Stern.
And didn't miss Heyte Manga Rush.
So the fact that he calls him a Heyte Manga, why would he miss him?
Right? And not one of his diddle heads.
So thanks for the letter, David.
And your efforts might be half, but you are absolutely incorrect.
In terms of what I would say.
Even our local genius would say, no, I would not.
Why do people do that?
Just to suck around?
Yes.
I see.
Anyway, getting back to Oprah and Anthony, Greg Opie Hughes and Anthony Kumey
as Ronsky syndicated actor in the show was pulled off the air by Infinity Broadcasting after they carried the sounds of a couple
simulating sex and St. Pat Pritzker Theedroll in 2002, which quite frankly, I don't see anything wrong with simulating the sounds of a couple
simulating sex and St. Pat Pritzker Theedroll at any time.
If it pisses off, the prop it's good enough for me.
The pair haven't been on the air since because Infinity continued to pay off their lucrative contract,
but that contract expires in June.
And the shopjobs are ready to get back to work.
Although it's not fair, what stations will pick them up?
Comedian Jim Norton, who was regular on the show, is confident that they'll come back.
It's either June 1 or October 1, depending on the no compete clause in New York, but they'll absolutely be back.
He tells paid six of today's New York Post.
They were never fired.
Not only did they get paid in full, but they got to raise last June said, Norton.
They're making more now being off the radio than they made in the first two years combined on the air.
Oh, right.
Which I say, you go boys, more power to them.
Norton, a regular on Comedy Central's tough crowd with Colin Quinn, says that EJs will come on everywhere in the country, June 1, and hit New York October 1.
They'll broadcast out of New York regardless of where they're on and they just won't play the New York till October.
They'll broadcast everywhere in the country, June 1, norm.
Well, it's, it's, it's, it's, I'm so embarrassing, you know, we're sitting on here in Miami.
I mean, even people with no talent like Ed Till, even David Gravy line, everybody who ever, ever sat near a microphone, not even behind it necessarily, just near it, is syndicated in the 80 million stations.
And here we are working for peanuts, or at least you are.
Yeah.
Open Anthony's agent, Robert Eatman says that's not necessarily the case.
I hope it is the case where hopeful it's going to happen, but he says they don't have any firm station deals in place at the moment.
I see.
So in other words, tap, tap, I don't talk as cheap.
Sure.
It's provocative odd timing as the Senate is set to vote in a so-called anti-acidity bill that civil-libert libertarian say is patentally unconstitutional and will serve a severe blow to First Amendment rights.
The bill has already passed the House and Howard Stern is vowed to stop broadcasting if it becomes law.
Stern has spent the last few weeks railing against the bill and says this show is being targeted for termination by certain members of Congress and the FCC for coming out against Bush last month.
Many political experts say that the targeting of Stern and recent obscenity history could cost Bush white male voters across several key age demographics to which we say, yeah, good.
If that's what it takes to get rid of the Bushmeister, then you know, because Howard's he's not going to miss any meals.
No.
Now wait till you're this story before I get into today's poll, we're getting a little bit behind, but that's okay.
Because it's Monday and it really was like a holiday weekend, even though it wasn't.
You know what I mean?
No.
What do you mean?
Well Friday the kids were off from school.
Yeah, yeah.
See, don't you understand when the kids were off from school and it creates like the effect of a three-day weekend for a lot of people?
Yeah, but not us.
No, what I'm just saying for a lot of people, they get out of there, which is a very, very wise mood indeed.
Which I think says a lot about South Florida.
Any opportunity people get to pack up a little suitcase, hop on a plane, hop in a car and get out of South Florida.
Hey, what time do we leave? You know, it's that kind of a deal.
Pretty sad.
After all these years, they'll a seasonal horse and buggy town.
But at any rate, this story I think deserves a lot of attention.
This is from Ananova, a Brit newspaper I'm not just making this up.
Top doctor, Vax, picking your nose and eating it.
Yeah, picking your nose and eating it is one of the best ways to stay healthy according to a top Austrian doctor.
An island.
Innsburg based lung specialist, professor Dr. Friedrich Bistinger, said people who picked their noses with their fingers were healthy, happier and probably better in tune with their bodies.
He says society should adopt a new approach to nose picking and encourage children to take it up.
I didn't know you had to encourage them.
Dr. Bistinger said with a finger you can get to places where you can't reach with a handkerchief keeping your nose far cleaner and eating the dry remains of what you pull out is a great way of strengthening the body's immune system.
Medically, it makes great sense and is a perfectly natural thing to do in terms of the immune system and knows as a filter in which a great deal of bacteria are collected when this mixture arrives in the intestines, it works just like a medicine.
Oh, hey, no.
Modern medicine is constantly trying to do the same thing through far more complicated methods.
People who picked their nose and eat it get an actual boost in their immune system for free.
Oh boy, for free now, software meetings are going to be picking like crazy. Now they found out it's for free.
He pointed out that children happily picked their noses yet by the tendent become adults.
They have stopped under pressure from a society that's spread into disgusting and anti social.
It didn't stop me. He said I would recommend a new approach where children are encouraged to pick their nose and take complete natural response and a medically good idea as well.
He pointed out that if anyone was really worried about what their neighbor was thinking, they could still enjoy picking their nose in private if they still want to get the benefits it did offered.
Boy, this doctor's got maybe a little bit too much time on his hands.
That's what I remember I talked about that for years, PIP insurance.
More than peace.
Because in your car you ought to be able to pick your nose and just, you know, but every time you're in your like stopped at a light and you're picking your nose, your fingers deep in there and seeing all of somebody's looking at you.
Oh God. Oh, what a slide. That kind of thing.
That's me turning over and seeing the person that's picking their nose because every time I stop I see it.
Really? Oh yeah.
The ones that are like digging for gold.
Oh, they got the whole hand up there.
Be careful.
Be careful what you're where you're going with this now.
Like I said, be careful where you're going with that arm.
1042 at 560 WQA.
If your carpets look like maybe somebody has snatted all over them, not too good.
Here's the answer for you.
Come on, good friends.
You dry concepts.
Nobody anywhere in the universe does the job that they do because they're the only ones that's an exclusive patented method who dry clean your carpets.
Same idea is directly near clothing.
Leave them looking smell and feel just like brand new.
They are vibrant and color soft to the touch.
They smell a little fresh.
They'll dry in a couple of hours when they get done and it'll look like somebody just laid brand new car.
Can I say laid?
No.
Just put brand new carpeting down on your flow.
And not only that, but they do a fantastic job of your area rugs, of your drapery, of your poll street, all of these things.
Call today and see how I can say 15% or next carpet cleaning too when you ask them to put you understand by list at dry concepts.
And of course that's off.
They're already reasonable price.
They give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start the job.
So if that's time of the year, maybe spring cleaning is in order since it is spring officially now.
Why not call the experts at dry concepts? They'll never let you down. Never disappoint.
Call them toll free 1-800-248-5071.
And then you'll understand why I've been using them in my home for over 20 years. They're the best.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
Rye, I'm local.
Here's sports radio 560-CUA-M.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Last night you dug a booger out from your old crusty nose.
You wrote it between your fingers and that's when things got broken.
And I recall a horny flung it down the hall.
It bounced off of the table and splattered on the wall.
Oh my god.
Then you went through your nostrils and you found some things in there.
Like that fair playtakes gloves that I bought you the way.
And it was so disgusting what went on from there.
Get a night you're sitting on just picking your nose.
Oh, good.
I'm picking your nose.
Quit picking your nose.
Well, I told you to lease the hundred times that's gross.
Where you just never listen girl, you keep right on picking.
And I'll tell you once again, quit picking your nose.
Couldn't play that no more, okay, because it's bad for America's health.
1046-560-WQM.
I guess they haven't checked out Stacey Dansch yet behind the beaten curtain.
Because generally when they do, when they all hop on there right away,
then you just can't get on our website for lover money.
But it is after like a holiday weekend, make believe kind of.
Here's our poll question today.
Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking but you think is hot.
Well, here's three that came to mind to get it started.
Nick Lache, that was the one I put on there being the fact that I am because he's, wow.
But his face, his nose could stop a freight train.
Easy.
Madonna.
Now nobody would say that she's really beautiful but a lot of people grow out of guys think she's hot.
And Christina Aguilera, even Minnie Mouse would take a laugh, take a look at that punema.
But a lot of guys think Christine Lankanar is that.
See the way this is going to go?
Right.
Not that difficult.
Who's that online nine?
I wonder WQM.
Hello.
Hi, I'm trying to find out where the song that Neil played about no one speaks English anymore.
Where does that come from?
Bob and Tom.
Is that available on a disc or anything?
No.
Well, wait, no, actually it probably is.
It's, yes it is.
If you look up their website, Bob and Tom.
Yeah.
I'm sure it, because that's where we got it from.
It's their latest CD.
Great.
That's a great song.
It is.
In fact, I'm going to play it.
I'm so inspired.
Thanks Neil.
OK, have a great day, pal.
You're too bright.
How do you like that?
There's one, and actually that's one that we can still play.
Oh man.
Jump in the taxi cab.
I said drive a central park.
Thank you, but you looked at me so quesitally.
I could tell he was in the dog.
And from the unlucky.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
No one speaks English anymore.
I went down to my, yeah, I met each weather.
Weather is nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store, but it got their talks real fun.
I asked them for a pint of Holtion Beamy's, just knowing to the end of what doesn't mean.
Nobody speaks English anymore.
That cornered Delhi.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly.
Or you can go back to La Raa.
I came here many years ago.
Learned my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty pretty.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making mistakes.
No butters for me.
English.
I have your friends.
It's 11 before 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Mad Dog at 2.
The Humper at 4 from Shuloste to Amami Lakes.
The Hebrew Hammer.
Panther preview at 7 is the wind down the, you know, just run off the string.
Carolina Hurricanes at the Panthers at the Macarena 730 80K for the hockey game.
Now I'm looking at the stop at CC.com before I get back to the pool all these things.
Florida, 13,501, Texas, which remember in the beginning they were on top.
Way ahead of everybody else.
California is done that now.
And they should, with their 80 billion people they got in California.
And obviously somebody on the air out there is plugging it.
And we know who it isn't.
Are you sure?
Oh, positive.
But anyway, Texas 13,857, so 1,356 behind Texas.
Now we're not going to do that today.
No way.
No.
But by tomorrow to o'clock we should be passing Texas, I think, like they're standing still.
All right.
And the total on stop at CC.com just recently went over 120,000, 120,000, 214.
But we need to get to, I know I'm not going to squeeze too much more because I think we got our whole audience probably on here by now.
Here's that poll again.
Name a famous person.
It wasn't all that great looking, but you think is hot.
WQA and hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Good morning.
Did you happen to be a bit clark on me the press?
No, I did not.
Oh, it was fabulous, my friend.
I mean, really took him, it's not very difficult to take him to task, but every time George, did you check it out?
No, sorry. I was sleeping.
Ah, cool, man.
How about the book?
Don't you pick it up yet?
Yes.
I'm reading it.
Yeah, myself too.
It starts off pretty gangbusters with that.
I evacuate the White House chapter, huh?
Yeah, it's great.
It sure is.
Listen, Neil, when I'm when I'm driving in the car, someone catches me picking it to wet when I'll flick it on the windshield if I can on their car.
Excellent choice.
Peace, brother.
Back to you.
When it's out, flick it out.
Right off the window.
There you go.
No extra charge.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Now, I didn't watch any of the talking head shows yesterday.
I knew he was going to be on, but I already saw him the previous week when he was on Space the Nation or whatever was he was on.
Or 60 minutes, the previous week.
Right.
And I'm reading his books, so I don't know what he's going to say.
And he's great.
And I think he's fantastic.
He ought to get the Nobel Peace Prize or something.
Some kind of an award.
But of course, and you see the way they got all the attack dogs out there.
Yes, they had condolese.
It was on there.
And Rumsfeld was on.
And Roland Cole and was on.
I mean, they're just filming at them off because they're being outed.
There's no question about it.
I mean, do all these people have ulterior motives?
No.
Paul O'Neill and the whole bunch of them.
They're discred old.
That must be it.
Yeah, they just want to sell a book.
Right.
And it's interesting because the people who are always complaining that somebody else wants to sell a book are people who themselves like Miss Fudge are trying to pedal their own book.
So it's okay for them to pedal a book, but if somebody else wants to write a book.
Oh, I think I just want to make a book offer this.
Right.
Okay.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I wanted a Kristen Dunst for the poll today.
Kristen Dunst?
Yeah.
Okay.
A lot of people, a lot of people don't really like her.
Listen, was he stopped FCC poll?
Yeah.
Keep squeezing them out because I've been talking a lot of people and putting them on there too.
Please, please do it, man.
Yeah, I'm doing it on the Internet myself.
When it doubts, squeeze them out.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Exactly.
You got it.
See ya.
All right.
11 votes on air.
Well, we only got the three names on air.
Kristen Dunst.
We got it.
Don has got five.
Christine Agler has got five.
And Nicholas Shays got one.
Of course, that was mine.
Well, I mean, it's mine because that's only for women who are a fag.
So, you know, I'll tell you another one at the Sean Connery.
Do we want to put him on air?
We can.
Because women think he's very sexy, even though he's grotesque.
Nasty looking.
Well, I also think he's handsome.
Maybe it's not a good idea.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see what they say.
Air from Connery.
Oh, yeah.
Let's play that.
Oh, yeah.
That's an app like thing.
Oh, and if you thought that Gilly was a bad movie, from what I'm hearing from everybody
and reading, now what's the name of this latest bomb that he just dropped?
Joyzigoyel.
Joyzigoyel.
It makes Gilly look like Gone with the Wind.
That's how bad this one is.
Nice going, Ben.
Screamer.
WQM.
Hello.
Not there.
WQM.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
I agree fully with your assessment of Condoleezza Rice at the opening of your show.
She makes me nauseous.
Yes.
But, you know, Ed Bradley, I believe, did give her a bit of a pass on some of those things
that he really should have nailed her on.
Yeah.
And that is when she was saying that it would be an exception for her to testify, and she
was claiming executive, some type of executive privilege.
Well, Ed Bradley should have, instead of playing along with her and saying that it was an
exceptional case, therefore she should make the exception.
He shouldn't have said that.
He should have had his facts ready.
And that is an NSA director, Don Regan and Bud McFarlane and Sandy Berger all have testified
before the parties.
Either the power commissions.
Well, yeah.
It's, look, it looks she's all they're doing is nitpicking and the fact that she's not even in
private testifying under oath means basically she can say whatever the whole she wants.
Yes, I understand.
I was just pointing out that Ed Bradley, I thought considering, I agree.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
But keep in mind that CBS does own Simon and Schuster.
So, that's the publisher of the book.
Okay, great.
Have a great day, Balli.
Ah!
Did you know that President Lincoln thought the play was damn good, at least at the halfway point?
Yeah.
WQAM, hello?
Kelly Osborne.
Kelly Osborne.
I can't believe he's calling with his suggestion.
Why not?
Don't start again right off the bat.
I'm just shocked.
Being a hard ass.
Okay, he actually had something to contribute to.
Yeah, I'm shocked.
It goes to show you after all of these years and finally something worthwhile.
Kelly Osborne.
Good choice for the poll.
There you go.
But nevertheless, it's quite a lot of money.
Well, you're just too much of a hard ass.
You need to do some time on lining.
I was just shocked at this moment.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, I got two suggestions for the poll.
Yes, sir.
Sean Pan and Susan Durandon.
Two very good ones.
I like that a lot.
All right.
Thanks, Pally.
All right, no problem.
Take care.
You too.
Susan Surrandon and Sean Pan.
Every time I hear her name for whatever reason, I think of Surrand Rap.
I know it's silly.
It sounds like Surrand Rap.
It sounds like Surrand Rap.
I mean, you know, she's been around a long time.
Susan Surrandon.
She's been around a block a few times.
She's all right.
She's no Tim Robbins, but she's okay.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
18.
Look at that.
Nicholas Shays only got one.
Christine Aguilara.
She may have lost her way into this thing, you know?
We'll see.
We've got to have these other ones on there too.
And of course, during the break, I'm sure that Josh is feverishly
picking away there and typing these in.
Can I say picking away?
No.
He's seriously doing it.
Hey, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are IN, credible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit
fuel fee, and even zero discounted points.
Don't you love those spots we have vibing on them
where they say, zero?
You know that guy from the AT&T?
And he always says, zero?
No.
What does he do that?
Gives yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000, loan your payments are only $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000, loan your payments are only $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you're being financed to give the new home mortgage
from financial group, you'll never ever pay those nasty grotesque
pain-less closing costs again.
So call today.
No obligation.
I'll explain to you how this works.
Call toll-free.
1-866-395-Land.
And get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move to your next property with no further cost of expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing cost,
even like I said, when you moved another property.
Get that new low rate financing of just 1.25%
with the only one mortgage from financial group
and never ever pay closing costs again.
Call today.
1-866-395-Land.
1-866-395-L-E-M-V.
They're an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply.
Rates something to change monthly 4.21 APR.
My, my, and local.
This is 4.2560.
Way, way, yeah.
A dental floss.
Jim Kerry is back in a serious role.
In a movie that's seriously long.
Don't miss the eternal one-time of the plotless movie.
My character has an operation that makes him forget a painful love affair.
And if it works, I'm adding a done-for-get-I-ever-made, the majestic.
It's a film about erasing your memories, but it's so slow.
You'll feel like you've erased that entire night of your life.
King Winston Co-starvin, the eternal one-time of the plotless movie.
Forget about his memory operation.
The real trick is that anyone can remember a single movie I've made since Fajernick.
It's the film that goes back and forth in time while making you go in and out of consciousness.
Listen to what audiences are saying about the eternal one-time of the plotless movie.
Listen, what is it over?
What has it?
And it, oh, oh, man.
If you see only one movie this year that feels like it took all year to see it.
Go see the eternal one-time of the plotless movie.
You know, if it makes audiences forget about the Kumiko, it'll be worth it.
It's the level 02 at 560 WDQAM 49 votes.
Christina Aguilar at 20.
Kirsten Dunst 13.
Madonna 9.
Nikla Shea 4.
Susan Sarrainin's got a peer.
Keltniosborn 1.
And Nanyat for Sean Paner-Shan.
Karli.
Now, somebody says Natalie mains of the Vixie chicks.
Okay.
Okay.
She's a character.
Get around her.
I bring you a pardon?
Because she's a hero.
Well, listen, be sure to log out at WQAM.com and make your bits for the first ever QAM online auction.
We've got many great sports items of production.
So log on, register and start bidding at WQAM.com.
The auction ends tomorrow at 3 in the PM.
Clarence begged me to put that on here.
I said, eh, why should we promote WQAM.com?
Huh?
What are you done for near Rogers.com?
You schmuck, you little idiot.
And he said, then it looked like that, just like that is what he said.
Such a little quizzling.
Sure, anything for you, Clarence, as long as those chicks keep coming on time.
56670560.560 on the AT&T Inforizon Line.
Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking, but you think is hot.
Is our question today.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, buddy.
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
Ellen Berkin.
Ellen Berkin?
Yeah.
Good choice.
George likes it.
All right.
Thanks, Fallon.
Happy birthday.
I thought it was going to say Ellen Burston.
No.
Well, I mean, Martin, for somebody thinks that you...
Martin.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
So what's that guy's name again from the...
Ellen, the movie, uh, applying, uh, Soleil.
Elaine DeLan, and I'm probably butchering the pronunciation, but that's correct.
No, that's correct.
Elaine.
Elaine.
Not Elaine.
Elaine's like a ladies name.
He wouldn't know what Lady Aloh he did say.
Elaine DeLan.
DeLan.
DeLan.
De-E Alohens.
He was a very pretty guy, but then I was a pretty long time ago, like 44 years ago.
And now he's pretty old.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
That was a surf.
Oh.
Okay.
Soma Hayek.
Soma Hayek.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's it.
Thank you so much.
Later, bud.
And have a great life.
I have no life.
56670560.
Pound 566.
He will build a nice list on there, and then we'll get some really important things, like saying goodbye, by 2 o'clock.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Just kind of see, I'm a little bit off because I'm taking that reactant now.
And remember, remember last, because I was reacting.
Right.
To the dust.
No, listen to me.
The dust mites.
And I'm reading the insert now in the US they call it Zertek.
Here they call it reactant.
I don't know why.
And of course here it's over the counter.
You don't have to have a prescription.
You don't have to get raped by no doctor to take the reactant.
Because I've been taking a legra from a long time, and quite frankly, I just wonder about those allergy things.
That if you take something for a long time that eventually that's stuff's working for you.
Yeah.
You think?
Tolerance, right?
Right.
I don't know.
But a legra ain't doing nothing for me.
So I just tried reacting about some yesterday and seems to be helping a lot.
But my point being in the package insert, it talks about the different like pollen and grass and all of these other allergens.
Dust mites cause an allergic reaction.
Because the last two or three days, man, like the running nose and the stuffed up nose and the just scratchy throat and just don't want to go away.
No more.
Which I'm thinking here, it's probably the change of the season.
Maybe you don't think or you could be having a change of life.
No, seriously, like I think on Wednesday, it was 35 degrees for a high.
And then the next day, next two days was 63.
You don't think that that changes your system a little bit, mister?
Of course it could.
In addition to which being the schmuck that I am, now that spring is finally arrived, you'll open up the windows.
Well, guess what it says on there?
Keep the windows closed.
Don't open the windows stupid.
Because that's all a pollen and crap in.
You know how they always say, oh, when the spring comes open up the windows, air out the house, well guess what?
Not if they have any allergies.
So I'm just putting a plug in for reacting.
And it doesn't really make you drowsy like Benadrill.
But like just a little, you're just a little bit off.
You know what I mean?
Describe your buzz to it.
A little bit more.
No, not a buzz, believe me.
Definitely not a buzz.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I can just find myself, I can't tell you. Atient machines between parties and their own friends because they don't have any common vocaries
to pay for martinhalurues' analges there or metaphors or he gets screwed otherwise could be regarded as a
things along the way when it comes to 5x4 with a Sid metro in his room and all these guys in my office
are basically three-leaf Gold De Declaration signsclear Galilee
Basso, Arch or Blockchain or manufacture of
people who realize she's not hot. She's about to
start as the North Pole. Yeah.
Grotesque is the word you're looking for. WQA him. Hello.
Lisa Bonet. Lisa Bonet. All right.
Have a good day, Holly. And you too. Thank you so much. Lisa Bonet.
You got it there. Josh, we don't want to be going too fast for you.
Yeah. We don't want to load you up with more than four or five thousand names.
There may be 20 or 30,000 names on this pool.
I bet you're Eric assured delighted that Josh is capable of putting
these on and not adding them on while Eric can have like several baloney
sandwiches. I don't know anybody besides Eric up there in Orlando who eats
baloney and peanut butter sandwiches.
Even Elvis would be embarrassed. WQA him. Hello.
Q. A. M. Ola. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a name for the pole.
Go right ahead. Lay it on us. Oh, hi, Neil. How you doing? Man? Good.
Mick Jagger. Mick Jagger is a very good choice. Hot as hell, but ugly as sin.
I love you, Tony. Thanks. Have a great day. Take care, man. Bye.
Yeah. Mick Jagger was the definitive. He's like a poster child for this pool.
Don't you think? Yep. Because he's been a sex idol for years and years for how many years now?
But even more than that. But yet his he's got more wrinkles on his
post than oh, man, what a crack.
Nasty. Craggy. He makes a. Anyway, who's on there speaking of Craggy?
Discipline in Washington, DC. They dragged him out of the closet again.
Vice president. Oh, he that was just an old clip. Okay. Look at that market is
so ring again today. It's another one of those con jobs. You know, don't get sucked
in by this phony market, man. Believe you me. Bad days are coming. In fact, gasoline
prices across the country climbed another three cents in the past two weeks.
Oh, my God. To a record high average of a buck 80 per gallon for all grades,
going to a study released yesterday. There is little chance of prices falling
significantly in the near future because increased demand
were likely resolved from an improving economy. Right. Memorial Day travel.
And even the extra hour of light from daylight savings time, which is what next
Saturday night. Okay. Isn't it the first weekend in April,
the first to Saturday, Sunday in April, Saturday night Sunday morning,
two o'clock Sunday morning. What do you mean okay? You like question mark? Well,
you don't care. You'll be on vacation anyway. Right. I'm just be sleeping constantly.
Friday's average price surpassed the record of 177th and in the last survey,
conducted March 12, when adjusted for inflation, pump prices remain well below
levels, reaching early 80s. How about in the early 70s? I thought that's when it
was like really grotesque and Jimmy Carter was in here. We had the herb oil and
bar going all these things. Whatever. Five, six, seven, let's let's look on a bright
side like Monty Python says. WQA Am hello. Yes, I have one for your poll. Go ahead.
Renee Rousseau. Renee Rousseau. Yes. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. Renee Rousseau.
You got it? We got it. I wonder she's can do a Bobby Rousseau. Five, six, seven,
I have no idea who Bobby Rousseau is. Is he a hockey player or something? That was
he was. I don't know. Just name that's in my mind. WQA Am hello.
WQA Am hello. Yes. Leonardo DiCaprio. Leonardo DiCaprio. A very fine choice for her.
Am it? Yeah, I would agree with that. He's strange. He looks like the spaceship
just landed, but a lot of people think he's pretty hot. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah.
You don't think so? I don't mean you don't think he's hot. I sure like that bit. I'm
talking about people who are gay, right? Squirly girlies think he's really hot. And little
teenage girls think he's hot. Of course, the little teenage girls start that Justin Tiggerbell
was hot. I'm surprised nobody called that in yet. Please don't because oh my god. Anybody
Wow. What is it? It's 12 minutes after 11 is what it is at 560 WQA Am. I'm so excited
to put a promote in that QA website. Are you still involved in that Josh? You're still having to
yeah come all over it. You're all over it? Yeah. Well, you know, he got all those responses
to it every day. But third man probably takes at least what four or five minutes of your time
at least minimum maximum. Try to scrape them off of it. Yeah, it's tough. How about it is?
Hey listen, if it's tough cooking up a storm all the time because it gets all
sweated up in the kitchen and it really just drains you by the time you eat the meal you're ready
to pass out. Let the folks at the Airfield Coast take care of all the cooking for you and cook up
a phenomenal feast. Start out with six different fantastic soups. Dozens of succulent
on-preys like New York's. Did I say succulent? Like New York strip made a order in their sizzling
Asian grill. Their new seafood say Jacques oysters on a half shell. Alaskan stone crab,
middle-led clams and jumbo. Scam. Scam. Every night. If you still have room of sample their
handcar primer of the new Thai specialties are also out of this world. The Airmer Coast buffet
features healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils, no MSG,
no cornstarch, no crap. There were faith features of full salad bar. Their brand new sushi bar and
fresh. Scam cocktail too. And if you have any room left after all of this, then check out the
dessert station featuring bells and waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite
toppings and even they be having fresh fruit on their too. Airmer Coast relocations to Serbia,
they're in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163
to North Miami Beach. Also at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Roads and Pemberg Pines.
Take the whole family of Booking Ex-business Luncheon right now and let our good friends Richard
Negang at the Airmer Coast do the cooking for you. And Richard will take that two-two tie with Ottawa
and we'll take it. Take out of the river you're always available to call 9-5-4-57238-22. 9-5-4-57238-22 to a bed about
all in oil and droids. You won't see him no more this season. The Airmer Coast is unbeatable. The
best Chinese buffet in the universe.
When I stopped at the gas station, look at the price and started to move. You feel it about me
alone. Can't afford a dry mind car. Yes, prices have gone up to the spot. Can't afford a dry mind car.
And baby, we're all screwed.
I guess we've got to meet a bankruptcy because I own an SUV.
Said, give them sorry, what we need you. So you'll have to put yourself first to
come. Can't afford a dry mind car. It's just the way the credit is gone. Can't afford a dry mind car.
So welcome to Sky Cruise.
Longing 50 dollars. This is incredible. I just saw a story on Miss Pudge's website.
I mean, you talk about checking your facts. Listen to this, okay? The headline says Taliban
leader Omar wounded US bombing raid DPA reports. Moa-mula-mula-mula Omar, the fugitive leader of the
Taliban was wounded in US bombing raid earlier this month that killed four of his bodyguards.
Deutsche Press said, setting a newspaper report in Pakistan. Omar was injured in the legs and
let's side of his body and won't be able to move for about two months DPA said,
citing an interview in the Urdu language daily newspaper. The report said the raid
place took place in southern afghan province of Zabul. The newspaper which is known for having
contacts with the Taliban didn't say where or when the interview took place. It's just,
how's Catherine Harris doing by the way? She's still alive? We don't know. We're
sent a search party out for Catherine. I think she's launching with Jeb Bush today is what I'm
hearing. That's the rumor I'm starting. Let's see a whole bunch of suggestions for a poll which is
good. Angie Dickinson says John at Columbia South Carolina. He said, this is an old one but when I
was a kid, everybody parents, etc. thought she was so hot, she always looked like something roadhard
and hung up wet. You're views me. I think you're around that. Now, she always look well-worn. I
think is what I would say. Not being from South Carolina myself and not being as colorful
in my speech pattern is John. I'd say she always look well-worn but hot. Especially in that scene in
the cab in Threesome Kill. Yeah. Anyway, let's see. Somebody want Jay wants to nominate Christina
Ritchie. I don't know how many other people have a thing for her. I got a thing for. There you go.
Christina Ritchie. I got it right here. Not to be confused with Susan Lucci. Kuchee Kuchee. Please
stop. I can't believe it. He said she sucks but she's damn hot. Oh. You think she's hot?
What does she weigh? How many pounds does she weigh? About 30 men. God.
Now, what does this say from this most chronic of all facts is this isn't Ritchpactor? Is it
this book is okay right? Well, what does that mean? That's Ritchpactor. Well, what does that mean?
This book is okay right? Then he says Syriogesica Parker. She's making an all-our list lately.
On all the polls. That must be a comment about his successive facts. I probably didn't
send across. Oh, and what does it say? I don't know. Probably threw it away. Oh good.
Hey, Rich. What do you say, Rich? I have no life. I have to be confused with fat rich and his
comment is I have no life. Jeanine Garafalo. Somebody says D.P. says Jeanine Garafalo.
Okay. How low can you go? Garafalo. I have to be confused with J.Lo.
Only the ass has been changed. 5.6705.16.
5.60. Christine Aguilara 31.
Kristen Dunst 22. Sama Hayek 16. Madonna 15. Nicholas Shea 6.
Susan Sarandon 6. Sandra Bullock's got 5. I don't know what else. I don't know. I don't
have to say. Hey, Jaguar 3. Lisa Blanay 2. Kelly Osborne 2. Christina Ricci's got 2.
Out of 122. None yet for Leo DiCaprio. Angie Dickinson or the anxious, obnoxious, despicable,
and colder with her pastrami on Rye. WQA, and hello.
Hey, Elf, yes, sir. I have a suggestion for feature poll, if you don't mind. Please.
I mean this book called Bush Women. Okay. In all the attempts, it kind of attacking women as a
voters group by the Bush administration. That's why he puts Karen Hughes and Candelisa.
And Elisa. Oh, God. And Catherine Harris is written about the child. Maybe this is a labor.
The labor secretary. Yeah. Gail Norton was the EPA or director that's famous for liberal,
you know, I say allowing your oil exploration in tribal lands and national parks and all that,
right? And you could you could call the poll not to Bush women, but which is the most disgusting
Bush pig as the Australians would say. Yeah, I think the most disgusting Bush pig.
Have you heard that especially Australian say about disgusting women's Bush pig?
No, I never heard that. Well, I've never been down under. Well, something to think about.
It's not what I think. All right, buddy. Thanks a lot, pal. Never been down under 5, 6, 7,
05, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Well, this scratchy throat,
this whole thing. I'm hoping that this reacting gets me out of this because it's just allergies.
And you think you have the cool. How many times have we talked about this?
About 30, man. That's just as weak. Right.
It gets to be a real pain in the ass.
30 QA. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. I got two questions for you. Are you allowed to play taste like a penny?
No, yeah. How come we didn't get that on the poll? I'm sorry. I know.
That's going to be your bias. Ampsons, right?
And I would put out of the list and don't laugh at me. Mary Screece, yes. Thank you, Neil.
Okay. It's come up before. Remember Mary Screece? I don't even remember what her real name was.
Mary Screece. It's like a Gonzalez. Gonzalez.
See? Yeah, a lot of people thought she was hot.
Just like it sounds, Josh. Yeah, you know, you talk about it.
Say it won't move in. Yeah, give me a little bit.
I got you, man.
Happen out a little bit.
Mary Screece, now taste like a penny. I'll see how much of that could be played.
Let's just give it a shot.
Yeah. I think that might be it. But let's let's
well work in the rear.
Okay, I think that's enough.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
Correct.
And for us, you know, it's a miracle we can still say
Correct.
In fact, month this morning, hey,
don't ask any more questions over there in Naples, okay?
Don't ask, don't make any suggestions.
Ask any more questions because if you ask them anything,
can we say hello?
No.
Goodbye.
How are you?
No.
The answer is always no, you know.
During the perpetual C.I.C.Y.A. mode in Naples,
cover their big fat ass, especially that joy.
WDQAM, hello.
Back at an idea for full.
Yes, sir.
It's the face down a way.
Fade down a way.
Oh, that's a good choice.
I love it.
Very good choice.
Thanks, man.
See you.
Fade down a way.
Are they shouting at Atlanta?
I'll get back to you.
Diana.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
See if people haven't seen the requisite movies
to be a part of this program.
They don't understand what they're talking about.
Which I like a lot anyway.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I've got a couple for the poll.
If you're going to mention Jagger,
you've got to mention Steven Tyler.
Stevie Tyler is a fabulous choice.
Oh, yeah.
Old monkey face.
Oh, yeah.
Also, an older one,
so that's just alone.
It's a chick's like freak out for this guy away.
It looks like a frog.
Oh, my God.
Absolutely.
Anyway, I'm on material.
Thanks.
Thanks, Pally.
Too good one.
Steven Tyler and sliced the loan.
Holy moly.
He is really.
I'll tell you one thing.
He may not look, but he sure can't act.
There's a guy.
How about we take that poll tomorrow?
Who is the luckiest man on the face of the earth?
All right.
See what I'm saying?
I got mine.
I mean, sliced the loan.
He'll be on my list to be near the top.
I mean, aside from George W. Bush.
Right.
Well, we have to start most of the polls.
In fact, even today,
aside from George W. Bush, name a famous person
who isn't all that great looking,
but you think is sad, right?
Right.
Aside from George W. Bush.
And aside from Condoleza.
Oof.
Seriously, I never liked him before,
but after these last few days,
when we've seen so much of her,
and she's been walking around with that real mean,
mean look on that nasty punum that she's got.
Oof.
I'd rather be locked in a room with Dr. Judy Dean
for five years than ever have to see Condoleza again.
Dr. Judy Dean.
Hey, we hate you, Condoleza.
And the audience, we just took a poll.
They agree they wouldn't let you scrub their toilets, either.
Hey, if you're in a dead end job,
maybe you're underpaid and overworked real big time.
How'd you like to get yourself a real life,
a new high-paying career,
but you don't have four years to waste on college,
and you just can't fake your way through like Todd Dreck.
If this sounds like you,
then make that call today that could turn your life around.
Can we say turn it around?
No.
That can change your life for the better.
Call fast train toll-free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
They can have your train insertify
for a great high-paying computer network professional career
in just four short months.
Count them if you can.
It's true, you can be fully trained already for that new career
by the middle of July, August, whatever.
Fast train offers day-evening weekend classes
to fit around your schedule too.
They offer you a job placement assistance,
financial aid for people who qualify,
and with seven convenient locations to serve you in Florida,
you don't have to be a genius to figure out
there's probably one close by where you live.
So don't wait, pick up that phone
and make that one single phone call
that could really turn your life around.
Give yourself a 1-866-FAST-TRAIN
and by the end of the summer,
even sooner, you can be on your way
to a real new high-paying career.
Check them on the web if you like it.
Fast train.com and then make that call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Be sure and tell them that all Todd Dreck
told you to call.
My bag of local
this is my city.
The radio is all yours now.
You win!
But Oscar, now the Italian stall
get his place to sing his way to a Grammy
with a little help from his friends.
It's sly and a family stomone.
All right.
It's a family affair.
It's a family affair.
It's a family affair.
Yo, Adrian!
It's a family affair.
It's the greatest duo since Tango and Cash.
When Swimmester's to Long live,
sings along with Sly Stone.
He makes a sound that you don't hear every day.
As all on, as all on his Kobe,
though, be, though, be,
over here.
Not you.
I have a baby boy.
Yeah, yeah.
They could be the...
Here's a CD that'll have you saying
stop her my mom will shoot.
Get your ears ready for Sly and the family stomone.
Yo, I want to thank you for letting me be my self again.
I said, who wrote this crap?
The follow crew.
It is even real worth.
Hey, man!
You pump your FIS team to this over the top.
Rocky and Roll.
It's Sly and a family stomone.
A little more Vandal records.
And Dumbledore's a man this.
Buy it!
Somebody says Heather Thomas for the pool.
I want Helen Thomas.
I'm sorry.
About 45 arrested and cock fighting bust.
Can we read the story?
No.
About 45 people arrested yesterday after officers broke up a cock fight in central.
Henry County Authority said, I'll tell you one thing about Philly.
He may have turned to be a real right-wing loser in the sell-out.
But he made such a mark in Florida.
They named a county after him.
Are you sure?
Henry County Sheriff's deputies acting on an anonymous tip converged on a desolate area in the rural pioneer plantation community.
Shortly before two o'clock yesterday, sergeant Susan Herrell said,
authorities found a constructed fighting ring and 75 to 80 roosters and transport cages are tied to.
Cages are vehicles.
About a dozen dead roosters were nearby.
Kind of laying out.
Officers all much.
Hey, listen, I could assault them too in Hylia.
Missy Nail of dead rooster I knew.
Especially at this time of the year.
In fact, you wouldn't have to buy.
You can just say, can that be length?
Officers also see doubt official fighting spurs, straps, medication, other paraphernalia.
Deputies detained about 45 people in attendance, including the property on another estimated 20 people fled on foot.
They high-tailed it out of there in Henry County.
What a place.
56670560, pound 560.
In fact, when I think of the whole deep south, not just Louisiana, I think about Southern Comfort.
You know, I'm not talking about the booze.
Southern Comfort, man, that's the deep south for you.
You all come back now, you hear?
K-tall.
WQAM, hello.
Phil.
Yes, sir.
And what about Randy Rose?
What about her?
For the part.
Famous person, isn't all that great looking, but you think she's hot?
Yeah, back in the day she was.
Now what?
Okay, we'll put her around and make you feel better, okay?
Don't forget, Air America starts Wednesday.
The goddess goes, uh, not nationwide, but almost.
She goes to the national.
She's gonna be talking to millions of people.
As opposed to like us norm, who we're gonna be talking to ourselves.
You know, I noticed that stop FCC.com thing.
Now that I'm not prodding them today.
There's nothing happening from Florida, nothing.
I mean, there's 120,000 plus signatures on there overall, which is fine.
But these people, you know, unless you beat them with a whip,
they just won't respond.
Stop FCC.com and I guarantee there's thousands.
Thirty thousand minimum of people in Saudi.
It's not only haven't they signed that petition,
but they also haven't emailed all of their friends and enemies and, uh,
all of these things to get on there too.
Pretty disheartening, you know, because that's a public attention span is short.
And I don't want to like take the vote the whole show to everybody,
because it gets really ponderous.
We have more important fish to fry, like picking your nose.
Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking, but you think is hot.
Christina Aguilara 38,
Sama Hayak 25,
Christian Dunst 24,
Madonna 15, Sandra Bullock 13,
Susan Sarandon 9,
Christina Ricci 9,
and Col. 7, Ellen's Barkin 7,
Nicholas A7, Rene Russo 6,
Mick Jagger 5, Sean Penn 4,
Kelly Osborne 3, Lisa Bonay 3,
Sean Connery's got three,
Jean Giraffalo 3, Natalie Main's 3,
and one for Stevie Tyler Leo de Capriol,
none yet out of 198 votes, none for Angie Dickinson.
Who's that? Oh, Maris, look at the way he spelled that.
What, I think it's right.
It's two different words.
Maris Lasis, it's not two.
It's all one word.
No, it's all one word.
I didn't know it.
Maris Grisie S. Gonzalez,
Faye Dunway, Slice the Lone, Heather Thomas,
and Randy Rhodes,
they got none yet, but it's early.
It's the early running, okay?
Wait till they make their big move.
WQA, hello.
Not there on line 9, Sean on you. WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, don't be.
Pretty good. I have one for you, Paul.
What's the name of the benefit boy friend?
That's a very good choice.
Yeah, there you go.
Thanks, Paul. I'll go.
Okay.
Tom Ripley.
Senior on Ripley.
See, you've got to see that movie.
I don't know why you're so, it's such a hard-ass about it.
What, I want to see it.
I'll bring it back when I come there in a couple of weeks.
I'll bring it back to Florida,
and I'll loan it to you. You can have it forever,
because I've seen it many, many times.
And then to discover this Elaine,
whatever his name is, what is it?
The Lawn.
The Lawn.
Or you sure an expert on it, Elaine De Lawn.
I'm staring to have my doubts.
What, he's one of the, all right, sure.
Very famous actor, okay?
Don't get the facilities.
He's a very famous French actor.
He made a Zillion movies.
If you look his bio up there,
it's got the 80s Zillion movies that he made.
At least one of them with Charles Bronson.
Well, during the next break,
I'll look it up there myself,
because it's got some interesting old pictures too.
Elaine De Lawn.
Called Purple Moon,
or in French, it's called
Pline Soleil.
I don't know.
Never see a Purple Moon?
I've seen a Purple haze.
Okay.
Pline Soleil.
Since you're up north all the time.
That's true.
56670560.
By the way, for Castronola,
Sun is shining, partly cloudy.
Not a bad day so far.
It's going to rain later on here in Toronto.
He's very, very big on Toronto.
Whether it's 54 right now.
I'm going to reach higher 14.
That's 58 today.
Aren't you impressed at my literacy
with all these or whatever this is?
Selfiest?
It's going to be 58.
I'll take it.
Go to the QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I have a big dog, my.
Okay.
Thank you.
The word is...
I love it your pardon?
The word is voluptuous in her case.
Really?
Yeah.
She's up and down.
Let's begin with what we're talking about before.
In Britain,
the first laws giving gay people the right to marry are to be unveiled
a swicken one of the most significant changes to Britain's social make-up
since the passing of equal opportunities legislation back in the 60s.
Attemptively, Sherwood still has a radical age.
The government will say that all couples who sign up to a committive relationship should
have the same rights regardless of sexual orientation.
It's all about equality, said a Whitehall source.
It's not about special favors.
That's with an OURS, of course.
They'll have the right to commit to one another and the responsibilities that it brings.
Under these civil partnerships, Bill to be published this Wednesday, same-sex couples will
be able to sign a register held by the Register Office in a procedure similar to marriage.
Although the government will insist it is not officially a marriage but rather a contract
between two people, the fact that couples will have to announce their intentions before
end in a similar way to the reading of the bands before wedding reveals it's true effect.
Reading of the bands?
B-A-N-N-S, what is that?
Got me.
These Brits, man.
Wow, wonder if they're going to learn to speak English.
Speak it English, man.
In fact, that song, nobody speaks English anymore.
That'd be perfect in England.
Those Brits, you can't understand a bloody thing they say.
Now, can I mention the name of that tavern in Toronto, the one that's called spotted?
I guess we can't say that anymore.
Can we?
Well, it's the name of a dessert.
Not in this country.
It's the name of a British dessert.
It's the name of a tavern here in Toronto.
It's called a spotted.
Damn it.
Can't say nothing, no more.
5 6 7 0 5 6 you don't forget.
Log out to qm.com.
I want to do this a lot to get clearance off of our ass.
Send it back to the beast.
Log out to qm.com and make your bits for the first ever QAM online auction.
They've got just tons of great sports items up for auction.
Probably a few jocks drafts back there that Clarence has been checking out.
So be sure to register and start bidding at wqm.com.
The auction ends tomorrow at 3 in the PM.
So get with it now.
20 till noon at QAM.
If you want to know more about following a low carb diet, if you want to find the best
selection anywhere in the universe, then there's one store where you can get all of these
things.
The lights of West Bokeh's got.
All of these things.
Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins, Sugar Busters, Southfeature, any other
low carb sugar free diet, the lights of West Bokeh's always been numeral uno, the number
one low carb store in America.
And for good reason, because what a selection they've got.
If you're looking for it, they got it.
Over 1200 low carb products issues from including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips,
brownies, chocolate, dates, carbolite, ice cream, pasta, fantastic amazing sauces.
Catch up, cheesecakes and lots more.
If it's new and great, the lights will have it first too.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can always try anything in the store before you buy.
You can taste it.
And they got a friendly knowledgeable staff in those dieting inside and out.
They carry the most complete line of Atkins, breads, products you'll find anywhere.
And keep in mind, you can save some cash too because the Atkins, breads, products are
on sale all day, every day, even on Chivuas.
The lights of West Bokeh on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston
Market.
Call them to free at 1-877 Low Carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, you're on thewebittslowcarb.com.
There's only one de-lice of West Bokeh, it's your official Atkins retail center.
We're sports video 560-U-A-M.
We're sports video 560-U-A-B, you're on thewebittslowcarb.com.
We're sports video 560-U-W-C-A-R-B- you're on thewebittslowcarb.com.
We're sports video 560-U-W-C-A-R-B- you're on thewebittslowcarb.com.
Jesus is doing alright, oh yeah, Jesus is doing alright.
Jesus is doing alright on screen, Jesus may view of the sea, will yeah.
Jesus may spend on TV, Jesus is doing alright.
Don't want his book of critics say, don't want his book of critics do.
Jesus is had a big, big day, Jesus is doing alright.
Oh yeah.
Look at that, honey.
Did you know this, honey?
He's got cancer fighting anti-oxins.
That's what Dr. Sanjay Gupta is singing on CNN.
Honey is got cancer fighting property.
Here's the story, it's got to piss you off.
The Daily Outrage by Matt Bivens and the Nation.
Very short.
He says, here's a headscratcher of a CBS News Report from July 2001.
Fishing rod in handy report begins.
Attorney General John Ashcroft left on a week in trip to Missouri Thursday afternoon
aboard a chartered government jet.
A response to inquiries from CBS News over why Ashcroft was traveling exclusively by
at least jet aircraft instead of commercial airlines.
The Justice Department cited what a thought a threat assessment by the FBI and said
Ashcroft has been advised to travel only by private jet for the remainder of his term.
Neither the FBI nor the Justice Department are for what identified what the threat was when it was detected or who made it.
So apparently six weeks before 9-11, the FBI was aware of a terror threat involving commercial airliners
and in response made sure that its boss wouldn't be on one.
It is certainly possible that the threat had nothing to do with Al Qaeda was specific to Ashcroft
and that keeping him off commercial jets was just about protecting the public not the Attorney General.
It's also possible that his Richard Clark's testimony suggests some in government took Al Qaeda seriously
and frustrated with those at the top who didn't quietly took matters into their own hands.
Either way, until the Justice Department is forced to cough up at least some minimal details on this one, we can only guess.
Huh.
And then up to Frost your ass?
I'd heard something like that before.
Yeah.
And if he's putting these pieces together.
All of these things.
And it didn't pay the picture of what you call great candor by this group of fascists.
So here are some more suggestions for our poll. Famous person who isn't all that great looking but you think is hot.
They're hot.
And the McDowell, the actress from Groundhog Day with Bill Murray, says chip.
Thank you, Chip.
Chip also says at the bottom of his fact.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
He says the shot of Coddy is one of the scariest photos of all time.
So be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Good point, Chip.
I'll be a block.
There were some people like Chip on my three sons, but I preferred Don Grady.
What's that was his name?
Rob.
Okay.
Why is it that guy's name Rob?
Generally speak, tend to be good looking.
Anyway, sure winner for the polls is John Julia Louise Dreyfus.
You.
Okay.
Ashley Judd and Amanda Bines.
What was Ashley Judd?
Who's Amanda Bines?
I don't know.
I must have done at some point.
And it also says, please play an encore.
We should have taped that.
You know what?
Well, we did technically.
Well, I mean technically, but that's not it.
No.
No.
That was spontaneous thingy.
Huh?
Yeah, it was a spontaneous.
Oh, look at that.
I just got so panicked.
I knocked it off under the audition line.
That's panicked.
Okay, let's give it a shot.
Hey guys, you want a cheer-up?
Have Britney sit on your head.
Make that all back.
Be clear off when Britney sits on your lap.
Forget about your wife.
A girlfriend now.
A meal in St. Gray's.
Better shave off that beard.
And stash their eights.
Pick up the paste.
You're really gonna love it when Britney sits on your shoulders.
Imagine the view of a man when Britney sits on your motorcycle.
Man, it's over.
It looks like a frown.
When Britney starts sitting down.
Britney sits on your girlfriend's lap.
And Britney sits on your passenger seat.
Britney's fear's leaving her clothes all over your floor.
Knowing it just a minute or two we all gonna score.
All right.
Wipe off that dizzy beast too.
Before Britney sits on your head.
And then you're gonna go to your pool.
Get her pulled out too wide on you.
And Britney sits on your mama.
All dreaming and clean up your place.
Cause she wants a brand new family.
In your dreams.
Oh, okay there you go.
That wasn't quite as good as you were before.
It was the head that's moments.
It was all right.
We'll work on it.
It's 11 till noon.
Let's see actually judge them and the binds.
And please play it in encore George Rodriguez remix Britney sits on your
We did.
They were messing of Willem Grace's Earl, Earl the Pearl.
Okay.
I choice.
Don't be messing with Deborah.
I'll tell you that right now.
She'll give you what for.
I'll mess with her.
And she won't give you nothing else.
Okay.
Christine Aguilar of 52.
Selma Hayak 39.
I like Selma's hotel.
They're okay.
First and dunce 29 Sandra Bullock 21 Madonna 17 Susan surrounding 11 Christina
Richie 11 Richie.
Renee Russo's got nine.
Did I skip over somebody?
Oh yeah, and coders got 10 and coders got 10.
Oh my god.
Woo.
That Susan surrounding 11 Ellen Barkin nine Lisa 28.
Nicholas Shays got eight.
He's leading the guys.
Mick Jagger six.
How come we've had not one woman called to this?
This would be right up there out there.
I would say.
One would think.
Mick Jagger six.
Sean Penn five.
Kelly Osborne five.
Randy Rhodes has got five.
Wow.
Oh man.
Sean Connery for Janine Garafalo for Stevie Tyler for Leo de Caprio.
He's got three.
Natalie mains three.
Jennifer Tillies got three.
Angie Dickinson's got a pair.
Larry King's seen him.
Fade down away one.
Andy McDowell's got one.
Misspelled.
Julia Louis Louis Griffiths.
He's got one.
I don't want to pick on Josh's spelling, but I will.
And Matt Damon's got one.
None yet.
The big for sliced alone.
Heather Thomas Ashley Judd Amanda Bines and Helen Thomas out of 279.
I think everybody's started their.
What is a Passover place?
Is it an accountability to be discussed this?
It is.
We did.
I beg your pardon?
Let me turn the page.
And what about Ask Wednesday?
It starts Monday the 5th at sundown.
I think the bailout is beginning because you could see it like this weekend.
I think with that three day weekend, what a good other school.
I'll cry.
Ask Wednesday.
Well, that's where we had Ask Wednesday.
That's when the movie came out.
Right.
The passion of the Jesus Christ.
And what about Lent?
Isn't that right around there?
Wait, wait, wait.
You're asking me.
Is it right around there?
Is that the beginning of Lent?
Lickers since I was nine.
Oh, come on.
Now you don't forget when something is brainwashed in your brain like that.
That's part of the Catholic religion.
When they hammer it in there with nails.
They just want you to show up and give your money.
They don't actually expect you to know any of that crap.
I see.
WQA, hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to be a pope.
Okay.
Go bear more.
Go bear more.
Okay, excellent.
That's a good choice.
She's a ad.
But, you know, Christ thinks she's hot.
That's what Tom Green thought for a little while until he was just nuts about her.
Just in there when he separated, he was like half nuts about her.
Can I say that?
No.
I just did too bad.
Too bad, Ma'am.
Okay, you lose.
Hey, gee Greg.
Did you hear what he said about nuts?
Oh, by the way, that's another thing that we...
I'm sure we can't play that bit, you know?
What is that?
Let's go to shot.
I love eating nuts.
You and I went to the bar.
We drank some whiskey from the jar.
We got drunk all over town.
Then I asked you to go down.
That's as far as we're going all that.
Down town.
I think it was right.
Yeah, I actually go downtown.
And then, at least she said up until the car, there was some peace.
Right.
So that's the end of that.
Well, what a required a little bit too much with a finger.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 8th.
I know.
During the whole show, every time I take a look at that to see how we're doing, I haven't seen one from Florida.
So I think, and only 3,000 in the summer than the last 24 hours course, it was the weekend.
But even so, I think we're getting pretty close to exhausting this avenue, which is all the reason we need this week to get that thing started with the ad.
So more people know about this.
And maybe the goddess can get on there on her national forum starting on Wednesday and give us a little promotion for this.
What?
Hello, Andy.
What?
Are you lifting to me?
No.
That's just a preview.
What those folks are going to be hearing.
W.C.
William, hello.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you hear, at well, it's taking over on the real radio in Orlando.
Yeah.
For that, River Hill?
We don't care.
Nobody cares about Ed Till and nobody cares about real radio in Orlando.
Why, why, why do these people in Tampa and Orlando think we care about Tampa or Orlando?
Do we care about Tampa or Orlando?
There's only one Orlando I care about.
Yeah, good.
We haven't seen him in a long time.
What do you think ever happened to him?
I'm sure he got married and had a bunch of kids, you know, stuff like that.
Yeah.
And what about that boy?
I mean, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
W.C. William, hello.
Not there.
QAAM, hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Speak to you.
Speaking.
How do you?
Yep.
Don't want people.
Okay.
Me and you are, um, what is it, Jackie?
Jackie 1, Jillson.
Jackie Johnson.
Oh, Jackie Johnson.
Okay, there you go.
That's good.
The one donkey face, Jackie Johnson.
Excellent.
A lot of people, a lot of guys think she started including Joe Rose.
Joe, since he had that eye surgery, he has never been the same.
But nevertheless, Jackie Johnson, she's got a lot of people in South Florida, a lot of guys,
you know, steering into TV, watching Channel 7, which of course will rot your brain.
Her channel, is she on 7?
Yeah.
Yes, 7.
I'll take her.
Well, you don't let you never.
You just, I'll give you a permission slip.
All right.
Thanks, pops.
Even that, I'll send you the permission slip.
Now, I already had it in the mail several days ago, but I can always get it back, I guess.
Did I check for the washer dryer?
No, I'll take the check, thanks.
Yeah, I think you got a better chance for the washer dryer.
Jackie Johnson, I could be wrong about that, but I don't think you got no shot.
No, no, no.
Four minutes, still known at 5.60 WQAM, spring it a savings right now, and save a ton of cash on a great new car,
truck from our friends at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
You'll find them on US 1, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836, and Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you live,
because they're going to save you a whole boatload of cash and great new Toyota's.
Check out these great least deals waiting for you right now at Armstrong's,
an 0-4 camera or 4-runner you pay only 269 bucks a month for 48 months.
How about an 0-4 high-linder, just 309 a month, need a truck?
How about an 0-4 Toyota, ton, where the safest truck in America, and you pay only 179 a month for 48 months, unbelievable.
These are just some of the savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead,
and with these toll increases for people using cash on the turnpike,
Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car or truck from them.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference, they're locally owned and operated,
committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Their service department is open late till late week nights to make sure they get your service work done and done right too.
Easy to find them, they're at US 1 and 2.93rd Street in Homestead, just 20 minutes south of the 836,
so stop wasting your time with those big gigantic mega dealers or car giants,
who always seem to do the same thing, they overpromise under deliver,
and then get your other dealerships under some phony pretense.
Do the smart thing called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead right now,
305-242-3247.
That's 305-242-2247 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead,
grab a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota.
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
Introducing Cialis, the first tablet for a rectile dysfunction that gives you up to 36 hours
to choose the moment that's right for you and your partner.
New Cialis goes to work fast.
Where'd that come from?
I can work for up to 36 hours.
How did it turn that thing off?
Cialis is not for everyone.
I don't think it's for us.
Erections lasting longer than 4 hours though rare require immediate medical help.
I'd run away but I can't even walk.
36 hours Cialis.
Great, only 32 hours left.
What's going to be ready?
Just hold me off when you're done and dump me off at work, lending morning.
I'm here just don't plan it.
I'm just a little bit on the short side.
Poor Jan is still dead.
Jan the Barry of Jan and Dean died.
Over the weekend, in case you missed the beginning of the show, he was 62.
He was a little bit, wouldn't run from his bad Corvette from a stingray wreck back in 66, 38 years ago.
Jan and Dean, who made so much great music.
We never got to hear any of it but I'm sure they did some time.
Here's who's this from.
Somebody who doesn't have any plenty of places he could have put a name on here or something but didn't bother doing it.
Oh Rick, I'm sorry Rick.
It says I hope you got to see the Condoleezia interview on 60 minutes with that Bradley.
I said I did Rick, I talked about that before.
She makes me, oh there she is right now.
Look at that.
Do not testify before the Congress.
Wow.
I'll say it again and even Rick, I know wouldn't let her into the house to clean the turlits.
It says that the part I love most was when they showed her clip of Mr. Clark apologizing to 9-11 families
and saying the government had failed them.
Condoleezia didn't know whether to go to Bathroom or Edibonanna.
Go out clean the toilets or Edibonanna.
It was great to see the shoe on the other foot of the end.
They might have to subpoena her to testify.
PS, finally the American people in the media are turning around and seeing these people for the crooked liars and thieves that they are.
And I'll say it again what they caught Kerry saying where they thought he was off my, he was absolutely right on target.
Absolutely correct.
You go, Jan, okay?
John Kerry, I sure hope he's a little bit stronger than I think he is but you go, John.
Wait till you hear this.
A Paris court rejected today a request to ban Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ brought by three Jewish brothers who argued that the film would foam and hatred of Jews in France.
Now they have a big resurgence of anti-Semitism here in Toronto.
I should point out that they've had a whole bunch of episodes last several days.
So I'm wondering is that because of the Passion of the Christ or is it because of Ariel Sharon or maybe?
Holiday screen.
You think it's the Passion of Sharon.
Boy, I hope somebody peas in his halava.
The court ruled that the film which is scheduled for its French release Wednesday would not threaten public order in the country to make the death of Jesus into the major motivation of anti-Semitism that leads to secular persecutions against Jews would stem from a narrow view of Mel Gibson's film.
Judge Florence Lane, La Jemmey wrote in the court brief.
The brothers Patrick Girard and Jean-Marc Benlolo.
Oh Benlolo.
Presented, that's kind of like a benefit, huh? Benlolo.
Presented their case Friday before going to a screening of the film with lawyer for the movie's French distributor they plan to appeal.
They Benlolo complained argued the film as a false and erroneous version of certain religious events and would steer anti-Jewish hatred.
France has been battling anti-Semitic violence for more than two years, often involving a text against Jewish schools, synagogues in community centers, yada yada yada yada.
And it says here by the way, PS, everybody still hates the Jews.
I don't know what they meant by that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Let's stop Florida starts bailing out. Look I said before, but anybody bailes out more power to them. 340 of votes on the poll. Pretty weak for this time of the show, you know, we started it pretty late today, right? Because I was rambling. Right, that's all right.
Oh, whatever, if it's 10, it's all right. Name a famous person who wasn't all that great looking, but you think is hot.
Christina Aguilera 59, Selma Hayak 51, Kirsten Dunst 34, Sandra Bullock 25, Madonna 19, Christina Arreci 14, Susan Serena 14, Renee Russo 12, and Kolder, I love it everybody, I'll circle digits.
11, what is it? 11 for Ann Kolder. I can't get over that. I'm still going to play that bit. Go for it.
Oh, yeah, do it. Well, a double dog dare you. Oh, I didn't know you had a rich relative just died. That's right, that's a tummy.
Dominic QA, I'm hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to express your poll. Yep. Nancy Grace and screw in. Yeah.
That didn't sound like at all, you know what? Nancy Grace put that bitch on there. See, this is the thing that always gets me about everybody.
Not just whether it's straight people or gay, it makes no difference. It's like the little girls with the back street boys and stink again.
You know, if anybody is famous, you know what I'm saying? If you saw them at Dave Land walk and pass you, you wouldn't even blink.
You wouldn't have an eyelash much less turn around and look again, say, oh, look at that. You know, not even think about it.
But they're on television, dummy. WQM, hello.
I'll go back to you, whatever he said. I think his phone. That was a blessing for us. WQM, hello.
Yes, can I speak with you? Speaking Neil, listen, I got one for you. Oh, I got two for your poll. Go right ahead. Give me a second.
I got I got Marilyn Manson.
Yeah, I'm watching CNN right now. What's that?
Oh, yeah, look at that. Oh, is this the newspaper that they knocked out? Or is this some other kind of a word that we're showing our troops beating on people?
Oh, our troops are beating. We also went in their shutdown that she had newspaper. Any go ahead, sir. I'm sorry.
Hello, Marilyn Manson. Yes. Yeah, Marilyn Manson and Bill Kiesner Ray.
Still he's new ray. But still he's new ray. Ever seen two of them together? Marilyn Manson, still he's the ray.
Oh, same person. Now, why are you getting all worked up about? They're just showing us just some file footage. I think it's just propaganda, some liberal propaganda.
No, they went in and they shut down the in fact they showed thousands and thousands of people earlier this morning protesting in Iraq.
I saw the demonstration, but I hadn't seen the beatings in the US since the troops in there to shut down that she had newspaper because they were printing out what we didn't like.
Which just kind of like the way that they're shutting down radio stations are trying to win the TV and everybody else. It's the great intimidation factor, you know?
So if you're those boots marching in a background, it sounds familiar. Those of you old enough to remember W.W.2. It is familiar. It's the same same dance, same old song. WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. How about Martha Stewart? Martha Stewart. I'm sure that there were guys who think that she's hot as a halvaugh.
Yeah. Hey, listen, is there anything going on with the contributions to get these ads in the newspaper this week? Well, we'll keep it posted this week.
Okay. And I've sent an email to Bob and Tom. I'm trying to find out how come they don't ever mention something like this on their show.
They haven't mentioned it. I haven't heard it. I listen to them every morning. I haven't heard a word on it. I haven't seen anything on their website.
I wonder if that station where they in Indianapolis were, you know, which is their home base. I wonder if that's home by Cheap Channel. I might have something to do with it.
It might just might have something to do with it, my friend. You bet. Thanks, buddy.
Okay. Wednesday or Thursday. We'll let you know. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah. Now, how did you know that? Cause I'm finding out from you.
How did I know what about Wednesday or Thursday? Oh, from Eric. Yeah. I'm what did he say? Wednesday or Thursday? Did he say?
Whoa. Did he say that too? Well, he didn't type that. Well, how do you spell that?
Whoa. Oh, wait a minute. I got a message on here. Just a moment. Maybe I got a message from Eric here. I don't want to be present. If I've got two messages.
First one, he put the Matt Biven's article that I read about the John Ascroft. Not taking a commercial flight. He got that up on there. Nice going, Eric. Even though I didn't even send it to him.
And number two, he's got a, what is this? What is this? A link to some story. I don't know.
Ashcroft flying high. Oh, this is the original story from CBS News.
That they were, that Matt Biven's was quoting from. Thanks a lot, Eric, but you just they're killing me. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Dominique, you a Hello. Hello.
Yeah, sir. Yes, I am. How you doing? Neil? Pretty good. Um, now I guess the SEC not cracking on that hard. You just said she. I. Yeah, that's true.
Neil, you can't, uh, you can't. This is the last week we're going to be able to say that. You can't say anymore, which you used to call me a penelope. Can you? No.
Neil, I wanted to make a request of of, you know, when it gets that I know you can still play in a long time. It's funny. It's the one about guilty.
OK, I think we can still play it. I'll monitor it during the break. Make sure. Thanks.
Thanks, pal. Galilee, Galilee, I think we can play that. There's nothing sub-rosa here. My head, nothing that.
Stanley, Galilee, that. And ain't talking like a baby. I think we can play that. He just, he leaves me. He is such a show for the Panthers organization.
You know, I just makes me nauseous. It's one thing. You know, he wants the job. He's on their payroll fine. You know, you don't have to go out of your way to be a
Negritory, but good. Galilee, Miss Money to try to pedal. If this has been a successful season, my goodness, man, you might, you must have rocks in your head.
And the only time to have any kind of a crowd is when they're given some crap away in addition, which they've been doing the two for one on the tickets all season.
And he's on there on Friday. I don't know if they got money. They need a couple of the placement. They got the money. If they got the money, they must have robbed a bank or something somewhere because I don't know where they got it from.
And she wasn't from this past season. Another 20 to 25 million dollar lost the zaster. So what is this clown talking about? See that guy got me all whipped up again about Galilee.
Little wimpy butt kissing, Galilee makes me want a barf. See, and he is one of those people that's always, yeah, yeah, he's always looking for sympathy because he's got to work with Mo.
And he hates Mo and you know the whole routine. You know it. No, I don't know. Go over it. Oh God, Galilee, leave us alone or call me at home.
What am I going to do? It's so hard. I'm going to cross Mo's and total denial. Absolutely.
Oh, Goldie loves me. He's my good buddy and he loves working with me. Yeah, right. If he had anything else he could do for the equal for the equal dollars, even if it meant scrubbing out toilets and kind of leases home, he'd be he'd be gone tomorrow.
I could say he be he be. That's guilty. 12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM. Hey, if you died, isn't going so well. If you're frustrated because you've tried every died out of the sun and you're still a big walking cow.
Have you tried balance for life? If the answer is no, what are you waiting for? Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service. It's based on Dr. Barry Sears zone diet. That's very serious. It's probably distant cousin of J series and maybe even gene series.
Balance for life delivers right here door a little black sack every morning and your sack is all the food. You need to keep you full happy and satisfied all day long. Three delicious meals, two snacks every day with all that food.
How could you say you're on a diet? So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet. No shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting, none of these things.
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life and the zone diet's been proven to lower your blood sugar, your high cholesterol and high blood pressure too. And for people that ever wanted to give a shot at the South Beach diet, here's your chance. You might ask cow because balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find.
It's the only meal delivery coveted off as your menu choices that allow you to go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet. Feel the difference. See the results by making this tool free call and get you started right away. Call one 866 225 45 43 and watch that way. Note the way you'll see the results on the scale almost right away. Call 866 225 45 43 run the web. It's balance for life.com.
You need a little training. Like I do understand you don't sound like a man. We move the rubber bands that show your scroll.
You don't come to tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. You're lucky management. Tell me. Tell me. You don't belong there on the air. And tell me. The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
I'll tell you when you're gonna grow up. You make us want to grow up. You silly sweet food. Go to broadcasting school. Your free food. You best advice. Make you sound like the parts. You're a part.
Don't ask. Don't ask. They won't tell me. I think we're safe on that. They're all going over here and equals all of these. They're much of going. They don't know from that. From 1965 60 WQ AM Lisa and Miami Beach. Thank you. She actually got on stop FCC dot com and sound of petition.
The first floor name I saw on there all day plus it was a female. Not can any ladies call on this pool and there ought to be a lot see all this below me about all you have so many women listening if we did.
Which I know we don't. But if we did this is right up there alley right right activism. Because it's very commonplace for women to become very infatuated with guys with actors and famous guys who you know don't really look all that good.
But they think are really sexy you know like like that. My slides to loan for example. Anyway here's a Cuban Pete who says remember when you played the whole BBC report.
No, I think we played the CBC report a on the Bushman Lawden connection. What day was that it wasn't the archives. I think it was like November 17 at 2 p.m. I'm well what what day was that. Or maybe work and I find it.
You mean where can you find it Pete I don't think even a search party you could find it. I have no idea how we supposed to know that.
I don't know. It was the CBC thing and a problem is in the archives and maybe Eric if he's in the right mood in between below me and peanut butter sandwiches can let us know when it was I don't know.
Go to QA. I'm hello. Hi, I'm Neil. Yeah, support you got a lady. It's a miracle. It's a my high. Uh huh. Uh huh. Hello. Hey, so yeah, I'm back at you. Uh huh. I got my mom. This isn't everything. Don't eat any still. Mata. Oh, hey, you're burning hell. I'll give you. Please. That's where he should be. Anyway, um, staying on the the nice Jewish boy track here. Um, I don't know why I find it. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy. I'm not going to be a guy
in the sky attractive. He's definitely not attractive, but he turns me on for some reason. I really like death. Gold lump. Oh, sorry. Oh, was this was this before after he turned into the fly? Oh, no, no, no. This was this was actually after the fly. Wow. I like him an independent. I thought he had a very sexy walk. I have no idea. They said about Richie Simmons. He has a good slap or something.
Something like that. Yeah. Anyway, I know there's a bit that you still can play and it's really one of my favorites. Oh, there's one. There's one. Sugar shockers. Oh, yeah. I love that. Okay. It's my kid. Well, let's keep, uh, you know, let's keep pounding out the ones we can still play before it's too late. Right. Well, you know, I'm sure they'll find something objectionable and there's somewhere so quick. Okay. I love you. Thanks. Say, kid, what's real bad for you? But change real good.
Yeah. Sugar. Sugar. And what give you the, excess energy drive mom crazy? Sugar. So what purpose meals will you tell mom to buy next time she goes 12 Sugar. Thank you. Three Doosie go? You see your, Man. Super sugar. Covered sugar. Sugar. And sugar. That's sugar. Super. Sugar.actors are little bits of Lorcan orange instant hot hot is coated with powdered sugar glucose.
Those fructose corn syrup and other natural sweetener.
And it tastes just like sugar, corn and sugar.
Right, because there's no yeti vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah!
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating.
Mommy, look what's going on.
Mommy, look what's going on.
Mommy, look what's going on.
Mommy, look what's going on.
And mom's a lot of sugar jockeys too,
because inside every box,
there's a free bottle of new Flintstones,
two of old alleys.
So try eating a super sugar coated sugar jockeys.
From your friends at Irresponsible Foods.
Thanks for straight and poor Lauderdale.
He's not a patisserie.
There's two.
At this rate by the year 3535,
we ought to be able to get to our million.
No problem.
Catholic Mass disturbed after anti-game marriage video shown.
A gay Catholic man interrupted Mass at a Canton, Massachusetts church
to protest and even an anti-game marriage video shown during the Monday
of the Sunday morning service yesterday.
The man chose to disrupt the service,
I think, in conclusion of the video,
supplied to the parish by the Massachusetts Catholic Conference,
which defense traditional marriage said the Reverend Michael Doyle
of St. John the Evangelist choich.
The video showed the need to preserve marriage
as a union between one man and one woman, Doyle said.
Isn't this interesting?
I find it amazing that the Catholic Church
are the priest married?
No.
What the hell are they talking about?
They're busy doing altiboy's
and they're talking about a marriage
as between one man and one woman?
Shut up.
God.
I just found it to be such a scourless,
scandalous piece of misinformation, Chuck Colbert,
the man who protested to told the AP,
for me to sit there and take it is out of the question.
Doyle said he called police to maintain order,
but Colbert was not arrested or detained.
Colbert's a freelance writer who regularly contributes to his stories,
published in the National Catholic Reporter,
an independent weekly paper that's endorsed same-sex marriage.
Oh, they're going to burn in hell.
Are you kidding me?
He said the video available on the website,
preservedmarriage.org,
was played just after Doyle's homily.
Colbert said he stood up and introduced himself as a gay Catholic
and protested what he heard and saw.
I said, I mean you know harm.
I have to bear true witness, Colbert,
who was shouted down by several parishioners.
Sit down, you faggot.
Hey, you bloody faggot.
The Archdiocese of Boston has been politically active
in the gay marriage debate.
Archbishop, and of course this is really ironic
because wasn't it the Archbishop of Boston
where we first started out and then the Boston Wilbur
at that great book about all of the tribalization scandal
and then the Archbishop,
law, he fought the law and law laws.
Then he had to resign.
Last time I checked.
Archbishop Sean O'Malley has spoken in anti-gamerage rallies
and the church's urged Catholics to write to their state legislators
in opposition to this vagary, this buggery.
Archdiocese spokesman of Everton Christopher Coine said Sunday,
the Massachusetts Catholic Conference regularly distributes this,
this, that was my bad.
Distributes information including videos,
the parishes across the state and doesn't need to vent material
through the Archdiocese.
For the most part they're people who know what they're doing,
coincidentally conservative group.
Well there you go.
In the video a female voice played over various images,
urges listeners to contact lawmakers to urge them to vote against both gay marriage
and civil unions.
It says civil unions discriminated against the poor and the needy
and will hurt the economy by paying out social security survivor benefits.
Wow.
Did you hear that?
I heard it.
You only other Catholic church in Canton,
St. Gerard did not receive a copy of the video.
There you go.
Bigotry and hate man, if you want hate, go to church.
If you want bigotry and narrow mind to this, go to show.
This is where you'll find it all.
Our God is better than theirs and they should rot in hell
and to hell with male Gibson, he should rot in hell all the other crap.
That's right, to hell with male.
Just give it up baby, give it up for length,
give it up for suckers, give it up for paysocks.
And those monsters, by the way, too many monsters will kill you.
Make no mistake about that.
Well Michael Jackson, the proceedings that he would have a grand jury,
Michael will not be there.
He's busy.
He's having some more.
He's having some more and I'm so de pop parties.
Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking,
but who you think is hot.
That's our poll question today and our poll is 428 votes.
Not so hot, I guess, huh?
Christine Aguilar, 62,
Soma Hayek, 62,
Kristen Dunst, 37.
Does she wear a Dunst cap?
Sandra Bullock, 31, I take great exception to that.
I like Sandra Bullock, she's just fine.
There's nothing wrong with what she looks.
That's right.
Madonna, 20, Christina Ricci, 17,
Susan Sarandon, 16, Jennifer Tilly, 14,
Ellen Stillbarkin, 14, Rade Russo, 14,
Ann Coder, 13, Ashley Jugg, 13,
Nicholas Shays got a dozen.
I've settled for just seeing a couple.
Lisa Bonay, 11,
Jeanine Grappler, 11, and Mick Jagger's got 10.
Everybody else, single digits.
27 past noon at 5.60 WDQM,
when your old mattress wears out,
your back will tell you,
man, you wake up in the morning,
feel like you haven't had any sleep at all.
So if it's time to dump the old mattress,
get a brand new one,
do the smart thing like I've been doing for years,
called Dylomatrus, 1.800 mattress.
They back up everything they say
and they're advertised in completely 100%,
but their competitor still lie like crazy.
When you see a mattress head making outrageous claims,
please read the fine print,
because a lot of these guys tell you all kinds of BS.
For example, the ad screen half off,
but then you find out it only applies to limited selection of items,
that you never wanted in the first place,
everything else full price.
And they probably doubled the regular price first,
and you'll probably never be able to make a first-age of it
and like it.
And Donna MacRister ads have no tiny print,
notice framers, when you call 1.800 mattress,
you'll see their prices are so low,
that other stores have to offer half off sales
just to compete.
Dylomatrus also still gives you that no-risk,
30-day comfort exchange policy.
But third, man.
On all bets, including the one you buy.
And don't forget, when you call Dylomatrus,
toll-free 1.800 mattress,
you're getting a company ranked number one
and overall customer satisfaction, too.
From Candle to Steward,
Palm Beach to Four Myers, even Naurangia.
Dylomatrus reminds you to read the fine print, too,
because they want you to know exactly what you're buying,
even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what you'd be waiting for,
if you want a great night's sleep for years to come
on the best quality mattress going,
and an unbeatable price, just one easy call to do it.
1.800 mattress,
or log onto their website,
mattress.com.
Dylomatrus 1-800-MATTR-ES,
the honest way to buy you a great new product.
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
I'm a newbie,
Oh, but not when you play serphing a home,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black,
Dean Strublin' Out.
Company 21560 W. Kymar hopes that maybe the Goddess might help
as when she goes on an era-america thing on Wednesday.
I think we may be, I don't know, out of control.
I just looked on her website, you know, RandyRods.com.
Mm-hmm.
Did I see anything about stopfcc.com?
No.
I mentioned no.
A link, no.
Anything?
No.
So, you know, and of course,
that station that she's on in Florida is owned by
Clear Channel, you do understand that.
Yeah, I did.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Hopefully, one of her listeners, one of the Yenters will call
and say, come on, Randy, let's help it out.
Okay, it's a disgusting.
But we'll see.
But anyway, we'll have more info about the donation
so we can put some ads in USA today on Wednesday or Thursday this week
and then we'll get the ball rolling, do what we can, do our little part.
The White House acknowledged yesterday that on the day after the terrorist attacks of 9-11,
President Bush pressed his top counter-terrorism advisor Richard Clark
to find out whether Iraq was involved.
Mr. Bush wanted no, did Iraq have anything to do with this,
were they complicit in it?
Condoleezza said on 60 minutes last night.
That's what Condoleezza said.
She said Mr. Bush wasn't trying to intimidate anyone to produce information
rather than giving the US actively a hostile relationship with Iraq at the time.
He was asking Mr. Clark a perfectly logical question, Ms. Rice said.
That's Dr. Rice to you.
Condoleezza looks like a beaten-up old hooker.
Man.
In fact, she looks like she's been in a scrubbing toilet for about the last 10-20 years.
Or maybe even...
Dr. D'Man!
Don't you?
Yes.
Rubber floors.
Yeah.
5-670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking, but you think he's hot.
WDQA, hello.
Not there. WDQA, hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm like so outraged that Randy Rhodes is getting a national show and you're being overlooked somehow.
You're outraged?
I mean, you're fantastic.
How could you not be nationwide in the putting on...
Because my agent is a schmuck, that's why.
Because he's a useless schmuck.
Who tells me news about the industry weeks after we already talked about it on the air.
Who hasn't got a clue what's going on?
Who spends half his time talking to people from the competition like David Ross, a clear channel.
That's why I'm still, you know, from Letterman on the sports station in Miami.
I'm listening to Mike Savage.
He's a nation-wide.
Oh my, how can he still be on the air?
He's got a great personality.
Another two that has a great personality.
He has a great personality.
He's a Nazi.
Are you out of your mind?
Michael Savage has a great personality?
No, he's personalities on that.
His views, I don't agree with, but his personality is funny to listen to.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, that's what Hitler always was good at a party too.
Okay, continue being outraged, aren't you?
Wow.
See, I don't get that at all.
I mean, would you listen to Michael Savage for 30 seconds?
I don't know who that is.
That's the right wing lunatic that they put on MSNBC.
That gave bashing, hate-mongering right wing lunatic much of right winger lying and spewing filth.
But he's got a great personality, am.
Just keep everything in perspective.
Okay, it's just a radio show.
We're not going to change the world.
Don't start getting short of way because we're on this stop FCC.
I'm talking to myself.
Stop FCC.com, all this other stuff we're doing the best we can.
But if you think you're going to change, I mean, this guy there, just another radio groupie.
He's a little bit more like Michael Savage and a rush and whatever, you know.
Basically, I think what the guy was trying to say to condense it down a little bit.
I have no life.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing today?
Pretty good.
What's up, Cal?
The, you know, the take that I got from Richard.
What was your take?
Well, my take was that the president of the United States let this attack happen.
So he'd have an excuse to go into Iraq.
Right.
And that's really, really wrong.
And isn't it funny how Paulo Niela, former secretary of the Treasury under this president,
basically said the same thing in his book?
Yeah.
He must have been just lying to try to sell a book.
And the American probably, like he said,
that makes exactly that was very good.
Oh, you've got to do that again.
I think after tomorrow we can't make that sound anymore.
And I have a suggestion for your poll to court.
Yes sir.
Courtney Cox.
Yeah.
Okay.
And don't say that again either.
Ever great day, Pali.
You too, Pali.
You're right on the line, man.
He's right up against it.
He's pushing it.
Tucker, a chronic factor, says not Tucker Carlson.
Now there, right there is another person that should be on that list.
People just make you nauseous.
Along with Condoleezza and Clotter.
Tucker Carlson, with that silly bow tie.
Although he's not nearly as venomous as Bob Novak.
Oh, or or in coheritus Bob Novak.
Last couple times he's been on CNN that I've seen.
He's like, a real star make gurgling sounds.
Maybe that's a good sign Bob Novak.
I think the end is coming soon.
Yeah, we'll have a party.
We'll throw a big bash.
Jews like to have a big party when somebody dies.
Let's see.
What about Courtney Love and Mickey Rourke?
Two not so great lookers who don't appear to bathe off.
Right.
Sometimes you'll see somebody and you'll say,
boy, that person needs a good bath and a something, you know.
New wardrobe.
Shave it a haircut.
Right.
Looks really good.
Who's on them?
I see that all the time.
So boy, that guy had a real, you know, like a shave, a haircut,
and had a nice spiffy outfit on him.
Right.
That's because you got, uh, cos I get around five six, seven, oh five, six,
then why do you say, cos I go to Europe a lot because the people
there are slavvently and are schmutz you that will you try to say?
Well, I keep hearing.
Was that what happened on your last trip to Europe?
And that's why you don't go back?
I heard tales.
Heds.
Five six, seven, oh five, six, you bomb time.
I'm fighting these allergy thing like crazy.
Just wrapping me nuts.
It's not too bad now.
And I think one more day of the reactant and I'll be reacting okay.
But the pain in the ass.
Oh, sorry, it's a pain in the.
Welcome.
Don't put them there.
Let's see.
Oh, Soma Hayak's got 71.
Where the hell did she come from?
That's a goat.
Soma Hayak came from back in the pack.
Yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
Christine Aguilara 66.
Kristen Dunst 38.
Sandra Bullock 34.
Madonna's got 20.
I thought she'd do better than that myself.
Christina Ritchie 20.
Susan Sarandon 17.
Ellen Still Barkin with her 17 up the wrong tree.
Renee Russo 16 and Anna Kose.
How about down at the bottom on the ass end of this 482?
Courtney Constellan have any?
Well, she just went on there.
Martha Stewart.
Marilyn Manson's got one.
A sex pot.
Nancy Grace One.
Heather Thomas One.
Jeff Goldblum's got one.
We know who that was.
Slice the lone one.
Those are the losers at the moment.
I think it's a good question.
I don't think they like it all that much.
But I think it's a pretty interesting.
And again, I was watching that show on much music last night.
It was one of the how many shows they got on now?
About third man.
Nick and Jessica at home or whatever was called.
And there he was and they went actually went to the beach.
And she was in her very scum be bathing suit.
And of course he was like just in his, uh...
I don't know. That was in the movie.
Would your friend, uh, Elaine DeLon?
DeLon.
That's the movie where they went to the beach.
And I said, let me take a closer look at this thing.
Purple Moon.
I guess it's making a big comeback now.
Like, you know, on the DVD or video or whatever.
Because of the popularity of the town of Mr. Ripley,
which George won't see because he's afraid of he watches it.
He might get the hotspot time for my Damon.
Tom Ripley.
20 to 1.
I guarantee you, we'll bring you the movie and you'll watch it.
And you'll say, hey, that was pretty entertaining.
Now you like the people who were in it.
I do.
Gwen is Paltrow.
Okay, she's fine.
And what's his name is in it?
The British actor that's so great.
Jude Law.
Jude Law.
He's good.
And Matt Damon, you can handle once in a great while.
I can stand him.
Oh, speaking of that, I forgot to tell you since you brought it up.
I finally did see the born identity.
Pretty good.
Not bad at all.
He was very good in that.
He was very good.
See, one thing about Matt Damon, say what you will.
I know what you're thinking.
And of course, I think the same thing.
But what it is to make.
The fact of the matter is that at least he's a good actor.
He can be, huh?
I don't care about his sexuality.
I care about his light bulb head.
Yeah, and his teeth are very annoying too.
He's hard to take.
He's a little overly.
He's a kind of like Jim Carey, you know.
But born identity was not bad at all.
But his buddy, his bunk butt buddy there, Ben Affleck, on the other hand, has become one
dimensionalized.
He's just a nerd.
He's always just a nerd, you know?
So, if he really ever did have any acting abilities, we haven't seen them yet.
And his neck's getting fat.
Really?
Have you noticed?
No, I haven't.
I haven't looked at it closely.
Like, guy teen till what?
Like the beast.
Old no-neck.
Hey, if you're looking for a fun and original gift for somebody's birthday, a new baby
or for Easter, send them a bear gram from Vermont Teddy Bear.
Just call this toll free number, 1-800-829-Bere.
And a friendly bear counsel will help you choose from over 100 bears, personalized for your
loved one, delivered in their famous gift box with a free card and chocolate.
You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name and birthday.
They embroidered on the bib.
They have great bears for Easter too, like the traditional hair bear.
That's H-How is it?
H-A-R-E.
The traditional hair bear with bunny ears, overnight and Saturday delivers guarantee
too.
So call 1-800-829-Bere or shop online at VermontTeddyBere.com.
Show you care, send a bear the great alternative to flowers for any occasion.
Those flowers are dead in just a matter of hours.
You're cute little bear.
It'll last the lifetime.
Call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R and come to the crusty old Neil, totally to call 1-800-829-Bere.
If you're all the baby, you got a huge little strain.
Know the neocolking government control your brain.
Know you've got sanity now.
Stop the bears and reason for that.
They take this and get by this whole thing to fact.
You've been a big, silly one.
There's a cat, say that.
No.
If you're not very public, came all the Christmas, they wouldn't say only air.
So what's he considered?
Nothing.
Don't put the bread there and down.
And burn it down in the toilet.
Don't let your mind down.
That's back from my back.
You've been a big, silly one.
There's a cat, say that.
Then I make it green.
With reference to the Lord of the Throne, for the FTC.
We'll find you one day and take your license away, boy.
That's all I know to be your word to a boy.
For I could have my radio to be a source of the digital now.
Now I'm telling you the facts.
And for why I'm here, be your contact.
You've been a big, silly one.
Oh.
You can't say that.
Richard Clark, the former terrorism adviser, was revelations threatened to torpedo George Bush's re-election strategy.
Launched a counterattack yesterday at the White House that he said was determined to destroy him.
And of course we know that he is absolutely correct.
In riveting TV performance, Mr. Clark called on his principal critic and former employer, the National Security Adviser, Condoleezer Rice.
To release the entire record of their emails in the months up to the 9-11 terror attacks,
to prove his contention that the White House did not then take the threat of al-Qaeda seriously.
He also agreed to Republican demands to declassify testimony he gave to the Senate two years ago,
to prove that there were no inconsistencies.
Let's take all of my emails and all the members are sent to the National Security Adviser.
And her deputy, from January 20th, the September 11th, and let's declassify all of them, Mr. Clark told NBC on Eat the Press.
Just left, too. I didn't get up early enough to see that.
Mr. Clark's braver presentation surprised the Bush administration.
The decision to stand his ground could also be destructive to Ms. Rice.
She's been under intense scrutiny for a week, largely, from being the focus of Mr. Clark's charges,
that the Bush government did not see al-Qaeda as a priority before 9-11,
but also because she refused to testify before the commission.
See, it's always some technicality, just like Cheney Mokiavout the names of the people who are in those energy meetings.
But are we, but are we, and government, in the dark?
Everything with his people is secret.
We will not tell you no matter what you say.
Yesterday, the Commission chairman Thomas Cain called for Ms. Rice to testify in public,
even Richard Pearl said, I think she'd be wise to testify.
Cain said we recognize there are arguments having to do with separation of powers.
We think in a tragedy of this magnitude that those kind of legal arguments are probably overridden,
he said, but he said he wouldn't force the issue with a court order.
Too bad. Should.
Get that bitch that washerwoman out there, okay?
Who also won't testify under oath, even behind closed doors.
What else she couldn't?
Obviously, too many people, too many dumb people, pozos.
So many. So little time.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WBQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, and you.
Yes, sir.
I'm just listening to you about the Sunday morning with Mr. Clark,
and he did say that he would love to see everything declassified,
what he said and what Condoleesa said.
And I was very impressed and very articulate,
and as far as it dates and what what was said,
and very impressive show.
And I hope he gets his way.
Amen.
Have a good day, sir.
You too.
Let's see, is he going to get his way?
No.
No. No. She's not going to come out of the closet.
Under Ronald Reagan's 11th commandment,
but I don't think that Governor Kane has a full appreciation
of the importance of the separation of powers.
Right. Oh boy. He's got the pro and the con here with Wolf, with Wolfmister.
CNN, the Antichrist believed to be the Antichrist,
not only watches CNN, but is behind it.
Did you know that?
I did know that.
Say, Antichrist, though, is the one who's behind CNN.
A lot of people thought I was Ted Turner.
Forget about him. He's small potatoes.
That's what James and small taters.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a name for the poll.
Okay. It's Lucy Lou.
Good choice.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not into oriental or Asians,
but I think she's pretty hot.
All right. You got it, man.
Got a good pick for her, too.
Thanks. Do we have a good picture of her like naked?
Yeah, like, well, I mean, close to it.
The important and important part.
Parts.
Well, let's get that on there tomorrow.
What are you saying?
Okay. Hey, Eric Lucy Lou.
Is that L.I.U.L.L.I.U.?
I'm done.
Oh. I haven't seen that before.
I always missed her now. It's at Lucy Lou.
I don't know who that is.
She was one of the angels on the Charlie's Angels movie,
opposite Cameron Diaz and Drew Barrymore.
Oh, I'm not having seen Charlie's Angels the movie.
I have no idea who she is.
Like I said.
But I'll take you where it's back.
And then tomorrow, we'll see her picture right on our website.
I'm beyond the beaten curtain.
If you're already ages 75, you have 27 forms of ID,
a letter of permission from your great-grandparents,
and a pink slip from the Attorney General John Ascroff,
and he doesn't move his eyes cross-side while you're looking at it.
Then you're permitted to watch it for a few seconds.
It's the same maybe.
It's the same.
It's the same.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
And then you're allowed to watch it for a few seconds.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
Somebody's going to beat you to one of those.
I doubt it.
Siri.
Come on.
I beg your pardon.
Anything you having to do with him?
This is what he's up to.
Huh?
That's my back.
Let's see how far we go.
Swayse.
Aegouli.
Okay, that's enough of that I guess.
But we don't want to get into that durable business.
56650560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
WDQA Am hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Make sure to come back to the arena Monday night to watch your Florida Panthers take on Ron Francis and the rest.
Does the Carolina Hurricane is that what it says?
Oh yeah.
There were 17,000 people that I'm on Francis.
Oh my.
Oh, sorry.
Anyway, I think what they need is more European.
Go sends go.
Okay.
They have go sends go.
Yeah.
Looks right now.
A very good chance it could be the Leafs and the Senators in the first round.
Number four and five seeds in Eastern Conference.
Of course, you know what that means sir.
Absolutely.
Bye bye, Sens.
They're already psychologically debilitated just from the prospect of playing the Leafs in the playoffs in the Eastern which during the regular season this year the Leafs already.
Cleanse the season series against the Sens but nevertheless I'll take Marty have that you can have Ron Francis.
Or our lean Francis.
The Carolina Hurricanes in Ron Francis.
Are we really saying that on this radio?
This radio station man.
Oh, so sad.
So sad, Clarence.
So pathetic.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five.
And by the way, speaking of Clarence, don't forget.
This is the important part.
This is the only reason we're here today to remind you about this.
Long on at wqm.com and make your bids for the first ever QAM online auction.
This is so exciting.
I'm just about ready to pee in my pants just thinking about it.
You know what?
They've got lots of great sports items.
Up for auction.
So log on register and start bidding at wqm.com.
You're embarrassingly.
Of noxious and obsessive station.
The auction ends tomorrow 3 p.m.
Now speaking of obnoxious, what's the story with Joe Castello?
Is he coming back or not?
We don't know yet.
Yeah.
At least I don't know yet.
Maybe other people.
In other words, not enough paintings have gone by to save enough money for the beastlies that they might put them under again solo.
So you were right about one better than that is the whole idea of having four people on that show.
I mean, from 2 to 5 in the morning, what does it take for people to do a 3 hour overnight show?
I don't know.
I mean, Joe told me it took two of them to hold the bitch down, but I mean other than that.
No, no, seriously.
We'll talk about Carlos that way.
Oh.
Hi, guarantee you Joe wouldn't be holding that thing down.
Oh, God.
Does he hate that creature?
I would say he hates a freaky Carlos horse than anybody in the building.
I shouldn't be saying that though because he might not get his give back.
And they probably realized that Joe does that great Saturday morning race car show of his.
Which there is nobody else on the station that knows squat about auto racing.
So they need him back for that big time, right?
Right.
Let's get Joe Castell all back and quit diddling around.
Okay, quit screwing around with everybody's life, Greg.
All right.
Could be in a jerk you and your buddy.
See, you know what they say about Joe?
Somebody by their friends.
Yeah.
Take a look at the list.
You know, screw in the water, Nazi.
Gary Sarner.
Yeah, keep going.
I'm doing the list in my head.
Pretty sad, pretty embarrassing.
12.56 at 5.60 WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
Zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit, zero fee, even zero discounted points you pay.
So get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments to just $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $668 a month.
What's not to like?
And don't forget, once you be fined, answer good new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never ever pay those obnoxious unnecessary closing costs again.
So call today.
Get all the information there is positively no obligation.
Call 1-866-395-Land.
And get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move to your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
So don't know why that question is zero.
Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25%.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
Call 1-866-395-Land for details and never ever pay those closing costs again.
1-866-395-Land.
Either an equal housing lender, restrictions apply, rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
My back will look all this.
It's my city.
There is all your value in.
Not just the 1-2 hour, it's a phenomenon.
His name is Ralph. He is a spoiler.
He costs our goal in the election.
Now he is back.
George Bush is glad.
And Kerry is mad.
He likes to get Ralph by the throat.
He is afraid he might rock the vote.
But all of my friends with rings in their nose.
It's getting really like his rock full of clothes.
He is rock leader boy. He is no harbor joy.
And that is good enough for me.
He's not a pretty face.
He is too bad he can't win the race.
And that's good news for the GOP.
He is Ralph leader boy.
He knows how to annoy.
Both of the two major parties.
All of my slacker friends will look for him again.
Cause he stays there at any speed.
He is Ralph leader boy.
He is no harbor joy.
He is an idiot in 20 years.
You see that he's gonna meet with John Kerry next month?
Yeah.
And then he will discuss the effort to defeat President Bush in the November election.
I got a way to really help John Kerry defeat President Bush.
And that is quick to egotripe, but Ralph and got the crap.
While stressing that he's still a competitor in the race.
Oh my God.
The independent presidential hopeful said yesterday he views his candidacy as a second front against Bush however small.
Just pick it up to throw a monkey wrench in the works again.
Following his speech on the environment of George's state and interstep of his attacks on Bush.
Describing the Republican incumbent as a giant corporation residing in the White House.
Kamaflogging as a human being.
At the same time he prodded Kerry the presumptive democratic nominee to push traditional democratic values.
Of helping working families.
He said Democrats in general need to be reminded of that.
Yadi yadi yadi.
Get lost Ralph you idiot.
And those people are planning on voting for Ralph Nader.
I got news for you.
We got a surprise in store for you people.
We have this.
In fact you know what Kerry's people are gonna do when they head the meeting with the Nader?
I can tie him up.
Put him in a broom closet to lay oceans over.
That's all that's what they got to do.
Nothing now no harm no physical harm we can't advocate that although.
Let's see here's one for the pool says Steve Bushemi and Owen Wilson says of this factor.
Got him.
Got him.
How's that big Wilson son?
Yeah.
Matter of fact big Wilson son wasn't his name Jay.
Wasn't he.
I don't know both of our.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T in Verizon wireless line.
Selma Hayek has surged in the first place name a famous person who isn't all that great looking.
But you think is hot.
Selma 88 Christina Aguilar 71 Sandra Bullock's making a move.
I think that's just a piss me off 44.
Kristen Dunst 40.
Renee Russo I have no idea who Renee Russo is.
Should I feel bad about that?
No she's been in movies.
Yeah.
Used to be a model.
Yeah.
By the way don't forget Stacy dash is our sunshine girl that a behind-of-beaten curtain.
If you're over the age of 80 and it doesn't do anything anymore then you're permitted to look at it.
But several forms of ID required.
WDQ way and hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Okay.
How about Demi Moore?
Demi Moore.
Right.
I'm aware she used to be Demi Moore like you said.
Right.
And there's one more thing.
Can you play that on cross-dressing cowboy song?
Oh, a transverse cowboy transverse day?
A country transverse.
Something like that.
Something like that.
All right.
Well, we'll get on the other shot.
Okay.
I don't know.
What do you think?
I think it might be.
Well, I drive up to Tonsama.
Go truck in and coast.
I like my rig.
I like the rule, but it's not what I love most.
There's a guy I left in fresh school.
A sweet young fine name rose.
And the best dang thing about her.
She lets me wear her clothes.
Well, I'm proud to be a country transverse guy.
And I love the world.
The girls close all day.
All day.
Lazy bra, a friendly blouse.
A silken egg that's jaded.
And now I'm still a macho tough guy.
And I hope you'll understand.
I was born with a big black mustache.
And I'm a six back in my hand.
But when I go out for them, I do it well with twins.
All worse, trapless, eaten and gown.
And a nose gay on my wrist.
It's I'm proud to be a country transverse guy.
That's the good thing.
And I love the world.
The girls close all day.
All day.
I gloss my lips, tees my heart, sleepin' longs and rain.
Now I like the way I'm livin'
Don't get me by my clothes.
I'm an old American, he man.
I love legs and their holes.
So don't look at me funny.
Or I'll punch out your lies.
And the last thing you'll remember.
There's a trucker in fishnet hives.
Yes, I'm proud to be a country transverse guy.
And I love the world.
The girls close all day.
Pining lips, padded hips, my straight blades on display.
Yes, I'm proud to be a country transverse guy.
And I love the world.
The girls close all day.
Stouling music, something piece.
Well, it seems us on our way.
Yes, I'm proud to be a country transverse guy.
I'm gonna get these padded holes on here.
Hope I don't get a run.
You know, I hate that, I hate that.
You know when you chip your nail and that thing flakes off there, just terrible.
You know, you gotta go back home and just put your nail polish on.
I would take them up or something.
You could put it on part of it, you wouldn't have to do it every day.
You know what I'm sayin'?
I could use a bubble bath, I really could.
And I'm gonna go to the shop.
I mean, I'd call it bubble bath.
That was pretty squeaky clean, wasn't it?
It was the street clean.
Yeah, I mean, not all that funny, but it was okay.
I'm glad he called in because it's a great addition to the program.
And we will have people calling with bits that we can still play.
Because there's so few, I think they're about...
5.30 man!
5.607.0560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQA, I'm hello.
What are you doing?
Pretty good.
How about you play butterfly kisses?
Is that bad now?
Oh, sure.
Well, what could be bad in that?
That's not bad, right?
No.
Alright.
Alright, and kill some good time too.
I didn't realize we were doing all-request Monday, but this kind of ties in with the poll we did Friday
and over the weekend about the sounds and the bits we can't play.
And we're trying to find just a few that we...
Daddy, daddy, daddy, you saw me.
My short dad.
Did he?
There's two things I know for sure.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I went back home in my pants.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
I'm so bad.
Why is the mailman always here?
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you smell like beer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a dose for the bride and groom?
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Daddy, that's my ass.
I think I have stuff on my head.
Daddy, ask me what I'm thinking.
And I said I'm not you.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
Dad, ask news.
I'm a lesbian.
I think in the beginning part, that was the only place where I was nervous for it.
I was a little bit concerned there, but after that, I was sliding right off the log.
It was like falling right off the log.
How about the grand event?
The grand event's sister, huh?
I'm not looking.
She's got a sexy as a mangled grasshopper, but hey, we'll put her on air.
Here we go.
He'll vote for her.
Greta van Sustern, that's su-s-t-e-r-n.
I'm just mentioning that just in case Josh has a little bit of a spelling problem there.
Van Sustern.
Got it.
How is Maris Grisias doing, by the way?
Oh, it's fine.
Seriously, let me take a look.
Has she got any votes?
Oh, yeah. Maris Lacey, Grisias, she's got six votes.
Look at that.
She's even one ahead of Angie Dickinson, which is kind of scary when you come right down to it.
In fact, Maris Grisias is tied with Kelly Osborne and Leota Caprio.
I think that's a good, uh, that's a hell of a good family, right?
Good family.
Put them on family feud.
Bring back Richard Dawson.
Poor Richard Dawson.
I'm starting to feel like Richard Dawson, like old and coherent.
Pretty soon making like mumbling sounds, eating wheatina, a lot, stuff like that.
Once I get over my allergies, though, I'll be all right.
This is, uh, I notice nobody called about, um, what is it that I'm taking?
Reactin.
Right.
That's because they don't know what that is.
It's a zirtec, is the West name.
I don't even know why it has a different name.
It's probably because all these cheap, bad Canadian drugs that are imported from Somalia or
Summer.
Dangerous poison.
Right.
At least it's over the counter dangerous poison, which I like.
You don't have to go and get ripped off by some doctor somewhere.
And pay a hundred bucks for a visit so we can write your prescription for the honor of
writing your prescription.
Right, Doc?
How's my good friend, Dr. Pee doing, by the way.
I wonder how he, and of course my old good friend, they used to work for Dr. Pee.
I wonder where he's, uh, cooling out.
12 minutes after one at five, 60 WDQA.
And if you're hungry, you want to break from the kitchen.
Here's a place to take the whole gang for a big pig out.
Get ready, Josh.
Again, two for one today.
The Emerald Coast wants to take care of all the cooking with a fantastic feast fit for
King or Queen, a prince, a princess, a pauper.
You can start your mouthwatering eating experience with six different soups and then it
got the Zillions and endless array of fantastic food.
New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian grill along with a brand new seafood
say Jacques and Lane Doulan, Delaun.
Enjoy your stirs on a half shell.
Alaskan stow crab, middle neck clams and jumbo.
See you.
Scampy every night.
If you still have room in a puppet ears, try the hand card prime rib.
They're brand new Thai specialties too.
They've got a full salad bar, brand new sushi bar and fresh cocktail too.
Emerald Coast won't lead you with a big MSG headache because they don't use any MSG.
They don't use any cornstarch.
They cook only with the finest cholesterol free oils, the finest ingredients so everything
is fresh.
You'll have a big smile on your push and you'll be as they say in, uh, where is it?
Siberia, Gazelle and Pupik.
In fact, I think it'd be do say that in Russia, they send you two Siberia.
And there's a whole desert station too if you have any room left at the end.
They've got Belgian waffles and pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and other favorite toppings
to even fresh fruit.
And there's nothing like a fresh fruit, believe me, I know.
Emerald Coast, three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, panality 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach.
Also at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Roads and Pemberg Pines.
Take the whole family or book your next business lesson right now and let the folks at the
Emerald Coast do the cooking for you.
Maybe you'll see a little Barry Jack as in Greg Weed there with their little brown sack.
Take out an elevator always available to call 954-5723822.
Did you know that Barry's got a little brown sack?
No.
That's 954-5723822 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
We're supporting you 5cp, QAM.
WQAM.
I'll return to Martha Stewart Living in prison.
Hello, I'm Martha Stewart and today I'll be adding some well-needed cheer to this
otherwise drab sender block jail cell.
I wanted to add some lovely bright orange window treatments I made out of an old prison
jamsuit, but since this cell has no windows, I've decided instead to apply some colorful
wallpaper I salvaged from old issues of my magazine in the prison library.
So shut your mouth and take care of my face!
Oh, how rude of me.
I've forgotten to introduce my cellmate, Tai Quisha.
Later she'll show us how to make a delicious aperitif out of some rubbing alcohol and potato
peels she's pilfered from the prison cafeteria.
Now back to that paper hanging project.
Oh dear, that particular bell means it's time for our weekly shower.
That's right wrong me, it is so kind of picked up to stop.
Oh, and that's a good thing.
It is for me, hold it, Martha!
Okay, join us tomorrow when I'll show you how to turn an ordinary stainless steel toilet
into an extraordinary geranium platter.
Until then.
That's next time on Martha Stewart Living in prison.
All right.
One nineteen and five sixty WQM poor Martha, you know, I was doing some shopping in the
series yesterday.
We have a very upscale series here.
They used to be eatin's.
Yeah.
And they got all Martha Stewart stuff there, you know, and I thought poor Martha, poor
baby.
So she lied.
I mean, if people are going to be in prison based on the number of times that they lie,
I mean tell us significant lie, how many years would Greg be in jail for?
How many centuries would Greg read the injury?
And W?
And W?
And W?
And W?
And W?
And W?
And W?
Fire blacked from the
front
And discovery through?
Fire blacked from the
l
Actually Ben Wugler who got one doesn't say I said that.
but fear that it could show the first signs that global warming is feeding on itself with rising temperatures, causing increases in carbon dioxide, which then go on to drive the thermometer even higher.
Well, yeah, when the Nazis get in, they tend to stick us all on the oven anyway, right?
Right.
That would be a deeply alarming development, suggesting that this self-reinforcing heating could spiral upwards beyond the reach of any attempts to combat it.
The development comes as official figures show that Britain's emissions of the gas, soared by 3% last year, prices fast as the year before.
The increased cost by rising energy use and burning less gas and more coal and power stations, jeopardizes the government's target of reducing emissions by 19% by 2010.
A lot of gas, of course, we can't play that sound anymore because it's bad.
Gas is bad, okay? And it's expensive, too.
Now, let me take some more calls, but before we leave, I want to just... this is great from a center for American progress.
Jonathan Shell, Condoleezza Rice's credibility gap, a point-by-point analysis of how one of America's top national security officials has a severe problem with the truth.
Like I said, how many centuries you've got to be in a slimmer?
About 30, man!
Lion, nasty bitch! Who the hell is she kidding?
Oh, that would be a wake-in-year-old. I'd love to testify if you're breaking with the...
Yeah, but... right. I'll get to that. WQA, I'm hello.
Neil? Yes, sir.
And back to you.
I'd like to add, Sarah Sultan to that list.
Paris Hilton, you think, is sexy. Well, a lot of people, I guess, got worked up by that video who really are desperate.
Okay, thanks, Polly. We'll put her on there.
I mean, we got Christina. Why not put another skanky needle-nose bitch, right?
Right.
Let's give those two at the top a little run for their money. Paris Hilton. She'll be a lot of votes.
Am I, I mean...
You think is hot? No, like I said, she won't give any votes. She's grotesque and she's about as hot as...
Yeah.
Oh, which is...
Welcome!
WQA, I'm hello.
QAM.
That line one, man. It just really does it. WQA, I'm hello.
You want to pick a meal?
Speaking.
Yeah, how you doing?
All right.
Were you talking about Gary? Is some Dr. Peas office?
Gary, I was talking about Gary, yes. What happened to Gary?
He's up in Goa. He's up in Goa. He worked for some other hard guys. Dr. Bane.
Really?
Sure.
I need to get a touch with Gary.
Give me some oxies. I mean, I'm just a joke, Gary.
I think he's up there. Take a tear of rush now.
It wouldn't surprise me.
Do you want something?
I don't know.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
That's... I bet you that's one of the two guys that was on the plate with me to answer them that time.
Who's good, buddy? He's a... Oh, man.
Do we bust his balls? Do we bust his balls?
Do we... Do we bust his balls? Am I...
Do we... Do we... Yeah, I always share bust his balls.
Yeah. I mean, not... No, not bad.
Guys, except for the fact they told me 80 billion times how they bust the...
The scary balls. Can we say balls?
No.
Sure we can. It's a sports station.
I don't care whether Donna Shalili likes it or not.
If it isn't Donna Shalili, then it's Michael Powell.
And if it's not him, it's Michael Cops.
And then it's the word police.
And everybody, all over us, man.
What happened? All of...
We woke up one day and all the things that we were like used to,
it vanished. They just disappeared.
They just took our freedoms right away.
And what are they arguing about?
Whether we should say, under God, in the plunge of allegiance, you know, I mean...
I have feelings about that, but don't you think we've had a bigger fish to fry?
Mmm, fish.
Yes.
Yeah. Like maybe we ought to, uh,
force the retirement for William Rincwist and Justice Scalia and Clarence Token Thomas.
Not a bad idea.
Go to QA and Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This meal?
Sounds like a high-yout.
Oh, hi, no.
You're right on about Condoleez.
This is where...
Yes, that's absolutely.
And can you imagine these European leaders and the people there?
So, we're going to have to deal with this person?
It's unbelievable.
And also, did you see that guy, Armat Raj, when he spoke...
Richard Armitage, yeah.
That red-deck ghoul fight...
It's unbelievable that these are...
These are the people that are...
You know, the labor.
Representing this country is unbelievable.
And, uh, thanks and keep it going, and I missed the part sound.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Oh, that was a raspberry.
I just let that out a little.
Yeah. It was a reflex action.
What if we do it for real?
And it just happens to go on in the air.
No fart sounds.
Okay, they didn't put any adjectives on it.
Real imaginary.
No fart sound.
Grassberry.
Yeah.
It's okay, okay, but no fart sound.
Because I've been awfully gassy today.
You see, I'm thinking about this crowd that he brought in.
All the retreads, you know, all the old crowd from the Reagan and the Bush one years
are rummaged spelled in Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl and Cheney
and all these other right-wing fanatical, morbid neo-conlumatics.
And then he brought in a bunch of his own incompetent clowns like Condoleezza, for example.
And Karen Hughes who raised off back to Texas, so she didn't have to be a mommy.
And Carl Rove was a roving maniac to see how much dirty politics they can play.
How much... how much smear they can do.
I mean, from the moment it became obvious that Carrie had the Democratic nomination wrapped up,
how many seconds did it take?
About 30, man.
Before they used misfudges that self-hating faggot, with the lights whirling on a website,
oh, here it is.
Here's the big inside scoop that's bigger than Monica, you know.
And all I crap about, Carrie and the intern would turn out to be nothing but a pure big pile of excrement.
And that one didn't stick.
And you'll say, and of course, what I'm waiting for now, that they really are peeing in her pants
over the Richard Clark business.
Wait until the very flint book comes out, if it really does this summer.
Mm-hmm.
I'm telling you, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Rubbing my hands together.
Mm-hmm.
Wow, what would we think about a president who aligned about knocking up some broad
and taking it to the abortion clinic, driving her the...
Again, these are just the rumors, which we heard right before the last election.
And somebody evidently kind of spirited her away for a while, made her an offer she couldn't refuse.
Maybe it was the Holy Spirit.
That might have been it.
Asmaille, he'll tell you.
26 past one at five, 60 WQM, if you're in a dead end job, if you don't have enough money to like two nickels to rub together,
probably because you don't have any skills.
Well, if you do want to get trained, here's the easy way to do it.
Instead of wasting four years on college and a cash to go along with it, which I'm sure you don't have,
pick up the phone and call our friends at Fast Train today, tool free at one, 866 Fast Train.
They can have you train and certified for a great, high-paying computer network professional career
in just four short months' time.
What's not to like?
Fast Train offers day, evening and weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
They offer you job placement assistance financial aid to guys who qualify too.
And Fast Train with seven convenient locations to serve you is bound to have one convenient to where you live.
So don't delay, even.
Here we talk about these guys for years.
If you're sick and tired of working for some schmuck who's paying your pennies,
get yourself some training that'll help you get a real honest of goodness,
job at a computer industry.
Call tool free, 1, 866 Fast Train, and just four short months you can be on your way to doing it.
Check them out on the web at fastrain.com and then make that call to change your life.
1, 866 Fast Train.
All right and roll.
This is Sports 20 O' Price.
You way up.
A cafe at Hardee Davidson Cafe.
There's our new overpriced theme restaurant in town.
It's the new loose cafe.
We're all your favorite news anchors are serving up dishes as hot as today's headlines.
This is Tom Broca and I'll be your server this evening.
Today's specials are chicken all-all-are-king and salmon Donaldson.
At the news cafe, TV's most trusted reporters read your dinner order off of telepropter.
I'm your way to a spa bowl.
This just in will all out of wolf winces, but soft as a welcome ending, the KP Coolick Peach.
Yes, sure, but make it snappy.
I'm in a hurry.
Okay, but first, if you were a tree, what kind of tree would you have?
And the kitchen is always open late at the news cafe.
I'm Ted Kapel.
And this is the night menu.
If you're hungry for hard news and great food, then tune in to the news cafe.
And, Dan Rathin.
And if you don't visit the news cafe, Albe's mad is arraigned on wrist.
Cold for reservations.
Receiving this tight like a few small bathing suits on a two long ride home from the beach.
That's it.
This place is harder than a new year elevator.
132 and 560.
I guess they haven't been on South Beach to the real news cafe, huh?
Nope.
Don't you remember Gianni Versace used to go there all the time?
Yeah.
Everybody remember Gianni Versace and Andrew Kuhnannon and that glory hole.
Anyway, speaking of a hole, there's a big hole in Condoleez's credibility.
Big gap.
For example, claim.
I don't think anybody could have predicted that they would try to use an airplane as a missile.
A hijacked airplane as a missile.
That's what he said May 16th of 02.
Fact.
On August 2001, the president personally received a one and a half page briefing advising him that Osama bin Laden was capable of a major strike against the U.S.
And that the plot could include the hijacking of an American airplane.
In July 2001, the administration was also told that terrorists had explored using airplanes as missiles.
I'm not going to read this whole thing.
It's been on our website.
I kind of, kind of leads the right to credibility gap.
Just a little to give you a taste to show you what a lion bitch this is.
Claim.
In May 2002, Rice held a press conference to defend the administration from new revelations that the president had been explicitly warned about an al-Qaeda threat to airlines August 2001.
She suggested that Bush had requested a briefing because of his keen concern about elevated terrorist threat levels that summer.
Fact.
According to the CIA, the briefing was not requested by President Bush, as Commissioner Richard Bambini state disclosed the CIA informed the panel that the author of the briefing does not recall such a request from Bush and that the idea to compile the briefing came from within the CIA.
Claim.
In June and July when the threats spikes were so high, we were at battle station, says Condoleezza.
Fact.
Documents indicate that before 9-11, Ashcroft did not give terrorism top billion his strategic plans for the Justice Department, which includes the FBI.
A draft of Ashcroft's strategic claim from August 9-2001 does not put fighting terrorism as one of the department's seven goals, ranking it as a sub-goal beneath gun violence and drugs.
By contrast, in April 2000, Ashcroft's predecessor, Janet Reno, called terrorism the most challenging threat in the criminal justice area.
Meanwhile, the Bush administration decided to terminate a highly classified program-demonitor al-Qaeda suspects in the U.S.
Claim.
The fact of the matter is that the administration focused on this before 9-11 said Condoleezza. Fact.
President Bush and Vice President Cheney's counter-terrorism task force, which was created in May, never convened one single meeting.
The President himself admitted that I don't feel the sense of urgency about terrorism before 9-11.
I didn't. That's what he told Bob Woodward for his book, Bush of War, and out on a coast.
That's one of the things that had Bradley brought up in the interview that you missed on 60 minutes last night.
It was pretty good, and it's probably the other guy I wanted to add Bradley and they've heard it across, like Mel Gibson.
Okay.
Like that guy that phony Jesus.
I thought he did a pretty good job.
The phony Jesus.
Speaking of what's wrong with the world, guess who says Sundays are for God, not for sports?
Let me give you before you take a guess.
Let me give you a guess.
I'll give you a little hint.
The pub's, pub's down.
How do you like that?
Poet John Paul, then the Andrew Thal-Siliole man in a dress said Friday,
that Sunday should be a day for God.
Oh, God.
Not for a second of diversions like entertainment and sports.
How do you like that, Clarence?
Haha!
I knew there was something about this silly old coot that I liked a little bit.
He says Sunday ought to be a day for God.
Not too much of silly stuff like entertainment and sports.
Right.
When Sunday loses its fundamental meaning and becomes subordinate to a secular concept of weekend,
dominated by such thing as entertainment and sports.
People stay locked within a horizon so narrow they can no longer see the heavens,
the pot of said in the speech to Australian bishops at the Vatican City.
John Paul criticized the culture of the here and now urging church leaders
to lead men and women from the shadows of moral confusion and ambiguous thinking.
As in thinking a little bit too much about those cute little altar boys.
The 83-year-old pope also encouraged Christians, especially young people,
remained faithful to Sunday Mass, saying the secular culture was undermining family life.
How do you like that, huh?
That old Getski.
He's got some there of Donny.
And this is another thing that they always do, the Catholic Church.
They never preach to their own flock.
That's not good enough.
They always like to interfere in tell the whole world.
See?
It's for your own good, you boy.
Even though they're a minority religion, they want to tell the whole world how to think
and what to do in Yadiara, what's good and what's bad,
and which hand to do it with but not too often.
Stuff like that.
God.
Just, well, my mom can't work up its only Monday.
What are you going to save it for tomorrow?
This is important stuff though.
Very important.
I want you to listen very carefully now.
You're right close to your radio.
Log on to wqm.com and make your bid for the first ever QAM online auction.
We have many great sports items up for auction.
So log on register and start bidding at wqm.com.
One of the least visited websites in America, the auction ends at 3pm tomorrow.
The clearance is just squeezing himself. He's so excited about that.
Now, you know what I said?
Squeezing himself.
Better courses are quadruple on pond.
So don't be saying that no more, okay?
No.
560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, you want the last year?
Okay, good. WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, listen, you know, you're saying about the Pope.
Yeah.
You know, he's Catholic but I kind of wonder sometimes.
He could be Lutheran too, you know, or Protestant.
Why is that?
Because I don't think he knows what he's doing.
He's so senile.
He doesn't know what he's saying.
That the Catholic Church does know what it's doing.
Exactly.
They don't know what they're doing.
They're just a bunch of schmuck on wheels.
And they're just a bunch of schmuck on wheels.
Well, they just didn't know what they're doing.
He fits in like a rubber glove if I can still say that.
Thank you very much, exactly, Neil.
Mm-hmm.
Have a good day.
Okay, and have a great day.
Do you have any idea what he was talking about?
No.
But that's okay.
He meant well.
He's intentions were good.
He was trying to say the Pope is a little...
I mean, stop and think about it just for a few seconds.
I'm done.
And God created the heaven and the earth.
These are people who didn't even know that there were any other planets.
They didn't know there were other planets.
They didn't know anything.
And people today are busy killing each other and butchering each other and threatening each other.
Because they want to force their form of superstitious crap on everybody else.
I'm in the handful of thinking.
That's why I saw said that Peter used them up that.
He was 82, which isn't really, really old, you know.
He was a brilliant guy.
Good guy.
He was something that doesn't work in the world anymore.
How many cerebral people are there besides Barbara Wahwa, Tom Bokah.
Right.
Laoueking.
Laoueking.
Right.
Cerebral people.
People are real deep thinkers.
I said thinkers, that's thinkers.
21-2, we got the mad dog of 2.
Let's get back into that sports stuff, baby.
We got the draft coming up soon, right?
We got that draft coming.
You can smell that pig skin in the air.
I hope it's pig skin.
And not foreskin because we're in deep crap if we say that.
20-2 at QAM.
Line line and local.
Here's sports radio 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
I'm a captain.
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD,
your prayers have been answered.
Now, through a special arrangement with the Vatican, his holiness is back, and he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sings.
He's a love me to introduce myself.
My name is Pope John Paul.
Yes, it's Pope John Paul II singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down.
He's turned around and started to play that organ music, choir boy.
Play that organ music, right?
Play that organ music, choir boy.
Play down and boogie, and play that organ music till I die, which might be so good.
The Pope sings, gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's wheel.
Order of the Pope's wheel, march dead and then the owner of a stupid head.
He's the partner and on this CD, he's the boss.
You should be playing finger.
You should all go together and get a church play.
I stakes if you want to.
You're helping them for if you lose your shirt, so come out and play finger.
Beep beep beep beep, finger.
Beep beep beep beep beep, finger.
Beep beep beep beep beep, finger.
Beep beep beep beep beep, finger.
Beep beep beep beep, finger.
Beep beep beep beep, finger.
Beep beep beep beep, finger.
I'll ride.
We can get there by the end of the show tomorrow, but I mean, you know, granted it's just for fun, that part of it.
I know a lot of you out there have just said on your ass, happened to, oh, I'm afraid I don't want to put my name on you.
They're going to come and give me, well, that's all right.
Georgia will be the job.
Yeah, right.
No problem.
And then Wednesday or Thursday, we're going to have some details about how they can contribute, so we can start that fund.
Raise some cash to get the ad in USA to do.
You really put this on a map.
Because if we're going to sit back and wait for the people with the national audience to promote this,
If they were already doing it, we'd already have the million signatures.
Capiche?
What?
Don't you think so?
If the people with the national audience, I don't want to mention any names.
Are you?
Yeah, right.
Or even Howard Spurm, who's on the 36 major markets himself.
And the goddess, who's the one with the air America starts Wednesday.
It's not an airline.
It's a new liberal network.
Al Franken, the goddess Randy Rhodes.
And who else is going to be on her?
Janine Grafilo, I think.
Right.
And a bunch of other people that nobody ever heard of.
They're all going to be on there.
And they're going to, you know, so maybe we can get them to help out.
Although, like I said, looking to read these website, I have my doubts.
Because locally, she's still going to be on that same station, which is a cheap channel
station.
And I don't think she's going to jeopardize that.
No, what we'll see.
Give it a shot.
All you want to do is get this up there in Palm Beach, like I said before.
Call her up.
Come on, Randy.
You've got to help us out, Randy.
You're talking to us.
Well, that'd be something.
If she's smart, she won't take any calls from Florida.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
Dominique, you weigh in, hello, not there.
Or, are we out of calls now?
Is that the end of the show today?
Apparently.
God, what are so many big things coming up like that NFL draft?
I'm sure that our sports colleagues could use a lot of extra time.
And of course, the exciting conclusion of the Panther season.
I know they're lined up for those free ducts.
Dominique, you weigh in, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
OK.
I agree with everything you say lately, but, you know, I'm just
a part of all these excuses from these crazy people.
I was watching the press over the weekend and all they're doing
is making excuses.
I think we got to split the country again.
You know, it sounds good to me.
But whatever half on it, you can be the other half.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Wow.
Name a famous person who isn't all that great looking,
but you think is hot.
That's our poll question on the O'Rodgers.com.
Some of high a 105 Christina Aguilara 77, Miss Mouse, Sandra Bullock 55.
Again, that's just a piss me off.
Sandra Bullock's just fine.
A Christian Dunst 43 actually jumped 34.
Christina Rache 32, Renee Russo 27, Madonna 24, Susan Sarand and 23.
Ellen Barkin 22, Jennifer Tilly 20, Lisa Bonay,
18.
She didn't grab those got 17.
Andy McDowell 17.
What about Roddy McDowell?
Okay, he's still dead.
And quarters got 16.
Nicholas A's got 13.
I got news for her.
He's a lot prettier than she is.
Dominic QAIM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one from the panel.
All right.
I don't think she's really pretty, but a chunk of America does.
Nicole Richie.
Nicole Richie, how about Lionel Richie?
Yeah, with his throw.
Right.
Okay, thanks, Valley.
Nicole Richie, what do you say?
Is she in all that grade?
She ain't.
I heard she's hanging it out at Newport.
Richie.
Guess we're going to be seeing the track very soon.
Fat Richie?
Right.
Come in.
How about you QAIM?
Hello?
Hey, Neil, I got someone for your pulse.
Okay.
Rose McGowan.
Rose who?
Rose McGowan.
What's wrong with her?
Oh my gallon.
Yeah, she's from Charm.
Yeah, I want to hear a problem.
Why doesn't she look too good?
Well, she's like a vampire white, but there's something about it.
Pasty.
I think the word you're looking for is pasty.
That's the one.
Okay, thanks.
But we can't say pasties anymore.
But we'll put that on there.
But I'll say pasties.
Oh God.
Say pasties.
Every time John Askcroft hears that word pasties, he starts reaching for those sheets, which
is a good thing he wears those on his head.
Wow.
See, that's a good thing when the right wing extremists want to have a lot of sheets on.
And in fact, it comes from the keep Martha Stewart with some income coming in number one.
And number two, it helps them cover up all the unpleasant things like their identity
number one.
And number two, all those naked statues.
Oh, it's disgusting.
It's naked statues.
It's boobies and body parts.
And an occasional penis or two.
Yeah.
Holy moly.
Really?
I don't understand.
I guess the public is so.
It's one of two things.
Either they just totally have given up and they don't care.
That's possible because they've been moving that direction for a long time.
Or they're so shell-shock by all this, they can't believe it.
But this didn't just come up out of nowhere.
I mean, the degree of it, of course, went crazy after the superbowl thing.
But the whole business was covering up the statue when it's goody two shoes, super
moral right wing crap.
This has been going on.
It's been creeping in for the whole three years plus now.
Nothing brand new.
And a turning general that covers up breasts on naked statues.
And the rest of the world doesn't know whether to laugh, cry, or peel chickie this banana.
It's mine and local.
This is 42560.
You weigh it, you weigh it.
Oh.
And it's like they see that we're lacking it's a force.
They probably have life that will lead you by the dawn.
You've got it, where is the force for a king?
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to believe.
Can't get any rubber that don't own how they cut a piece.
You believe what they say like they're going to pull a fool as they use my patience.
I'll steer your state to the core with two.
It's 154 man.
The paint is almost over.
Mad Dog will be here at 2.
The Humper at 4 from Shula's take 2.
Big big game tonight.
Panthers hosting the Carolina Huracun's in the Ghost of Ron Francis at 7.30, pre-game
at 7 o'clock, and then any care for the game.
See what we got.
Name a famous person who is in all that great looking but you think is hot.
George said he likes mad demon.
Okay.
Just when you relax it's just a little joke.
Okay man, you get so antsy although you did say you knew what's his name.
Elaine DeLong.
Personally, yeah.
We go way back.
You hang out together?
Yeah.
I guess it's a pretty good act.
He was good in this movie.
Purple Hayes, Purple Moon, Purple People Leader.
He was damn good.
And I'm sitting there and I'm watching.
Of course it has no significance to you because you didn't see the town in Mr. Ripley
and you just add him in.
But you will.
I will.
When you get it for free then you'll take a peek at it.
Tant straight.
Some a high act 108.
Christina Aguilera 81.
Sandra Bullock 58.
Kristen Dunst 45.
Ashley's dud 37.
Christina Ricci 33.
Renee Russo 26 and about 26.
Ellen Barkin 24.
Susan Saran 23.
Jennifer Tilley 21.
Lisa Bonne 18.
Andy McDowell 18.
Rodney McFeldon 18.
Graffler 17.
And Colters 16.
Nicholas J. 14.
The whole show we had one woman caller today.
She was very nice and very good.
But the whole show.
This should be so much right up there, Ali.
I can take so many of these guys that the females think, oh he don't look all that good
but man he's really sexy.
He's really got nothing.
So I think that last book would have showed you how many women we got.
About 30 men.
WDQA Mline 9.
Hello.
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Hello.
Who you calling?
I think I got the wrong number.
I'm sure you do.
That was sensational.
I feel so much better now.
I think I got the wrong number.
You jackass phone head.
What?
We don't have any prizes for our number.
Booby Price WDQA M Hello.
Yes sir.
How about stealing a cruise?
That cruise.
There you go.
She was not even looking for more.
Celia didn't even look for more.
I'll be making fun of Celia.
He wants to start up again all over again.
I mean Celia's losing.
I am dead now.
But that remember when I was alive.
I will need to do anything for him.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
Yeah.
She was really hot or it.
Whatever the hell it was.
Oh no.
Start up with that business again.
You get all those.
The Julio's all upset.
All those specs too bad.
She was grotesque.
Couldn't sing but other than that, a dynamite talent.
WDQA M Hello.
WDQA M Hello.
Yeah.
Everybody say, uh, Ingrid Grogman.
That's the old people.
Ingrid Grogman was interesting.
Yeah.
She was, uh, yeah.
A lot of people thought she was a,
she was a sex symbol.
But she looked like a guy.
She had big hands.
Ingrid Grogman.
And, uh, illegitimate baby stuff like that.
She played, she was a Joan of Arc.
Correct.
She got burned at the stake.
It burns.
Right.
What about, oh, I got another one I want to put on there.
Linda Blair.
Okay.
I mean, she's, uh, her facially,
she's like kind of like, um,
there was a great photo.
We ought to put that on there again.
I got more from that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, good.
Well, it's this, this week one day,
don't forget, let's get another one to Blair.
I was shocked.
I couldn't believe poor little Linda ever developed into that.
Oh, yeah.
Man.
How she, uh, but facially though, she, she was never had a really great face.
You see face like, I'll tell you who,
I'll tell you who else.
Now, you'll resist putting this on there.
Probably we shouldn't put it on there.
But I saw her on biography in this weekend.
And I don't care what anybody says.
And I know it's very subjective and to reach its own.
And I'm this old faggot.
And what do I know?
I'm going to tell you, Marilyn Monroe facially was not all like pretty looking.
Oh, I agree.
Oh, good.
Then let's put that on there.
Is she a great body?
Right.
From menacex appeal.
Mm-hmm.
One of the great sex goddesses of all time, maybe at the top of the list.
But facially she was, you know, comsi comsa attitude.
In fact, I think even George would have viewed me that Elaine Dillon,
uh, whatever's name is back in the day, was probably pretty and she was.
I had a real party, my own.
Yeah.
And then evidently, you used it a lot too,
from what the stories are.
But, you know, for everybody, at least he spread it around.
You know, he had something good.
He spread it around.
I'm not, listen, I'm not able to do that line.
I'm not going there, boyfriend.
That like, when they were near that line.
Anyway, I'm going to tell you the mad dog who tried to stay as far away from the line as possible.
That's why he was out there as the old tight end.
He's coming up next, no number 88.
The Humphor is at four.
And then, of course, the big game of the season of the century.
They're hercunes and the Florida Panthers at the Macarena,
7 o'clock pregame, 7.30, 2.9.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm going to let locker room pump, pump, pump.
