Stouys, this would say, take it up there at!
On the next American Idol, Attorney General John Ashcroft sings,
Let the ego soar, like you never soar before,
From right and wrong to darey more,
And I'm the body of a sword, I need for one that's right and soar,
If I remember shopping at the table store, I was at a party from the pool,
And I need more, or that's what she's always seen,
I'm the soul that's a prize, by all the views that I find,
It seems that you might say it, but I don't like women's rights,
I'd like to cut them off, they're chairs,
It's simple to have some, and that's why I could have hoped,
But she's easy, and I pour hot wax down my pants,
But I think it's a prize to death,
So let the ego soar, I need you soar,
If it's actually me, like you never soar before,
I'm just thinking, what are we going to have on a beaten curtain once he departs very soon?
I have to get somebody else, some other Nazi on it,
It's been on the beaten curtain, I just looked at that piece of crap you put on there today,
I can't believe that, that doesn't even look like a real person,
Do you see that?
Not yet, Josephine Baker, take a look at it, it looks like a mannequin.
Oh, get out of here man, that's for the crowd out there that's got the blow up bells,
Who the hell wants to see that?
He is, man, they've been moving about enough that we had like our whole website fill off the face of the US today,
Because of QAM and an awful press conference,
And below the clueless VS from the organization, Mr. Rates said,
Mr. Rates, you have much of freaking liars, okay?
Let's face it, everybody's been, even at the Guaya Barrow wearing Dan La Bastille was on there,
And he's been, they're having to come across that, talking about how in Mr. H's world,
Well, he didn't say that, but in Wayne's world, they were all saying it on there,
And everybody knows it, nobody ever gets fired, they all resigned,
Because if everything has to look squeaky clean to make him look like a good guy,
Which we know he's not anyways, full of crap.
I'm going to tell you something right now on you to mark it down.
Okay, if Howard Coney would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here, because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years,
And here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
But you know something, there's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
I'd be like that, full of crap Wayne, I mean Mr. H.
Why is it that there are so many people, it seems that the more money they've got,
The more like Sporrel brass there, like they had this expectation of everybody owes them something.
Everybody has to cater to them, I don't want to mention any names Greg.
It's like a bunch of Sporrel little children, but like I'm going to take my spoons and go home,
I'm taking my ball and going home.
Once for full crap.
Yeah, once that got fired, in fact, we were talking about the fact that he had his own press conference
on a morning of the game on Sunday, and he'd laughed at the suggestion that he was going to depart before the end of the season
or depart at any time, and then all of a sudden that night he has a meeting with Mr. H.
And he decided it's time to step aside.
Step aside.
Like the Humper said, right on target, there were slicing, ballooning, and pedaling it.
How do you like that?
Lie or lie or your answer on fire?
Mr. Benning, we got the screwdriver by then yesterday, and we never recovered.
We never even made a fake to come back.
So I hope we have some appointments for calls here today because we get like a 40-minute head start.
It's a spastic show, man.
Sometimes we've got a long one, sometimes we've got a short one, you know?
You know what that is?
No.
Oh yeah, I don't either, I know part of that.
Line 9, though, always is a good one to kick it off with.
QA, I'm Hello.
Okay, I'm busy, never mind, bye.
Okay, great.
WDQA, hello.
Okay, he didn't have an appointment by the way for this half hour, it's not him 30 yet.
You do that one more time and you're out, sweetheart.
He's done.
WDQA, hello.
QA, hello.
I'm called Speaker of the New.
Well, who do you think this is, man?
You think this is Buster Brown?
What did I do for you, sir?
Yeah, Buster Brown, remember that?
Plunk your magic twang or froggy?
Hey, I'm a new limter, but...
All right.
I'm just wondering, I'm just wondering...
That's a good Canadian thing.
Very good point.
How does the Canadian thing work in the Indian thing?
Well, you're broadcasting Canada?
No, I broadcast from Canada.
Let me ask you something, where does Stern broadcast from?
New York.
Yes, so what does that have to do with anything?
What does that have to do with Florida?
What difference does it make where your ass is sitting?
Right?
Right, exactly.
Okay, get with the pal, I give with it, okay?
If I'm in Toronto, if I'm in Amsterdam, if I'm in Uranus, what's it
does that make?
Oh, and by the way, for that schmuck that caught yesterday, since we've had a few
of those calls over the last few months, especially the bush crowd, well, who are you
since you're spreading most of your thought about it?
Well, let me just say this to you, okay?
Especially for that old grizzled fart that will conquer that caught yesterday.
Number one, I'm still an American citizen.
Number two, I still live in plantation acres, my permanent residence.
And number three, and most importantly of all, I pay more taxes to the US government
in one year than you paid in your lifetime.
How do you like that loser?
You old cockered as probably living on food stamps?
Probably asked to kind of have somebody come over to squeeze his bag clean
for him every morning?
Who the hell are you kidding?
Yeah, who are you?
You're up there again to be talking.
Yeah, right.
I don't know when it's subsidizing you and your fricking social security and your
discounts on your early bird specials, that's who I am, schmuck.
How did I want to start on my sour note today?
Hey, join George, my Miguel and Boca Brind today, five or seven for
happy hour Treasure Island.
It's Wednesday, it's had a Treasure Island day.
Located right off the palm of it, or just over the 120 second street exit.
Stop by to check this week's feature out.
Stephanie Evans, she's there again.
Some real eye pop and stuff.
Yeah, put me in the corner.
She pops it up.
And when some crappy prizes do what?
She missed a few people last time, so she's back at it.
That's right, so be sure to that again, okay?
Ping pong balls, shuttle cocks, bowling balls, right?
Right, bowling balls.
Volley balls, footballs?
Well, wait till you see those oblong footballs come out of there.
Man, it's really something to say.
It's an eye hell razor.
And as you've got like baseballs that are so really, really extra tight by the
little Haitians, it's great.
Stephanie Evans and George and Miguel and Boca Brind, five or seven this afternoon,
at Treasure Island.
Yeah, we're going to have to get somebody replaced on a straw to have an evil eye.
And you go, well, first of all, we're going to leave that on there to Josephine Baker
and actually print it out to bio and anything to get ready for a living
or a real-life commercial, a real-life picture.
A replacement picture, well, I'm going to have to do more research during the break.
Oh, yeah, that's good.
No, drivers, do you look at that?
Yeah, that's a borderline circus material.
Yeah, very well said.
Very well said.
I was thinking of Carney myself, and we had Carney Wilson yesterday.
Carney, as in Carney-Vall, she was famous.
I don't care internationally.
So was Betsy Ross, who might have put her naked on there with her saggy boobs.
I don't think so.
I'll find a picture. I'll put it on there.
Yeah, but you would.
How about Martha Washington?
How about the art?
Or Barbara Bush, that'll do.
All right.
Yeah.
Junior, I hope.
Yeah, right.
Barbara's Bush.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Let's see.
Take a look at that line up.
Kill some time, man, because we got 40 minutes today.
39 to be exact.
We got the man, the ogre two.
We got a pristine line up.
The Humphrid Four, who's going to tell you more about that slice below me.
They were peddling yesterday.
That was a good line.
And we got Kildi at seven, right?
Or any stretch.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Geldi makes a guess to Princess.
He's back to that alternate and kind of crap with the big, uh,
because we have nobody else to put on the night.
We got no Panther games.
We said, Ralph, you know something.
We'll do better ratings without the Panther games.
You don't know that, don't you?
Well, you heard Geldi in the big.
Oh!
Yeah, we will.
And at 8 o'clock to give the odds on whether a Geldi makes it past the end of the year.
What do you think about that?
Let's take a poll on that.
Huh?
Like, let's take a poll on whether we make it past the end of the year in this place.
1032 at 560 WDQM.
If you look at an Emirates ticket, you can be looking a lot better if you took here
of that hair loss and that big, old, revoltspot.
They get to that phone right now and call the best in the universe, Chuck Alfieery.
Charlie's been helping the famous and the, uh, not so famous.
Look, their best for over 30 years now.
But 30, man!
You wouldn't recognize Charlie's work when you see it because he's created the best, the most natural system in the business,
which means it looks like real hair as opposed to a must-read dot on your head.
Oh, man, there's nothing worse than a bad piece.
Trust me.
You just ask Aaron Brown, he'll tell you, or Sam Donaldson, or my good friend.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Who's so embarrassing and bad, he even did study, tossed him a ditch.
Charles, the new skin like hair, his system is 100% undetectable.
They hear looks like a schroener out of your scalp, like the real thing is opposed to like a better straw.
Charlie's work is guaranteed.
He got nothing to lose, but that bowling ball ball spot on your head because here's how it works.
You try Charlie's system for 30 days.
Not 30, man!
What a month and after a month, if you know what the weight looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting lots and lots and lots of action, then return it for a full refund.
No questions asked.
Make the call today, tell Charlie, heard about the whole deal on the new arrived or show and gets you your special.
$200 discount off the regular $800 price of the amazing unbeatable natural hair line system.
Here's the number to call toll free.
$1,800, $3,2124, 13.
Charlie, bring your ass in, so you don't show you just how much better and younger he can make you look.
$1,800, $3,2124, 13, or on the web, it's CharlesOffHeary.com.
Call him right now and no time at all you'll be looking like a bench.
$1,800, $3,2124, 13.
The highest score show, the garage is the morning's in mid-disk.
Hey, it's the fourth round of clock, the fight's six in the midway.
Howard David's a bitch.
Howard from Broke.
The pain from weight makes things go down the drain.
Here, as a good thing, when weight, it's weight is pain.
It's my brain from pain.
Who's pain spots, it'll go down the drain.
It's pain, it's pain.
Who's a claim has gone down in flames.
It's pain, it's pain.
Who's a claim, a claim upon my brain?
I think he's lost it.
The strain from weight makes things inside my veins.
No!
Twenty-two, till eleven.
Well, I sure miss you, him scholarly, you know, he was good.
He just disappeared like, he first went to Palm Beach, which is good.
That's like on a road to disappearing.
When you say, well, not for Randy.
Randy!
Well, that's right, it was kind of like a step up.
Well, she just kept moving north though, and she went up in New York, say.
She didn't stop too long for too long of a pit stop.
Any further north, she'll be in Canada.
There you go.
Well, there are a lot of people trying to come up now, and now you see,
you're trying to push me to use my material for after eleven o'clock.
No!
I'm not going to get sucked into that.
Now, who are we putting out of Beated Curtain now?
It's going to be terror read from the very famous Nipslet that we've been seeing on the news lately,
and you can really, it's a good quality picture.
You can really see the bad boob guts you got.
Terror read.
Right.
Okay.
Is she can do a rex read?
No.
Greg read?
Read Richards.
Oh.
So, terror read will be on, so if you want to, now we didn't take the other one off here,
because they just looked better again.
We got a creative, cropped, processed.
Okay, good.
So, you can take a quick look at Josephine Bacon, you know what I'm saying?
When we talk about carnivals and surfaces and clowns,
and it looks like something out of the silent pictures.
She looks like, right, Nick, who was married to that clear hero Valentino, huh?
That's her era.
And what, yeah, that's her era, well, it's not any of our lives.
It's not even my era.
When you put people on older than me, I don't think anybody's going to get too titillated
by it, if you catch my drift.
Right?
Right.
You could put me on here, be like a little more exciting than Josephine Baker.
That's ridiculous.
Just the picture of the, it just looks like a person.
It looks like a blow up doll, and a bad one.
At least if you're going to have a blow up doll, make it look attractive, right?
Like, yeah.
Like, uh,
a, uh, young body, like Tara Reed.
Okay.
She could qualify now.
I don't know anybody that would want to Josephine Baker blow up doll.
But anyway, Mozilla Firefox, let's get her on there.
All right.
Mozilla Firefox.
Now you looked it up.
See, I finally, first it was Britney Spears that I had to turn this man on.
We had no idea what her was talking about.
Then it was Boeing for a soup.
He didn't have any idea what that song was or the video or anything about it or the
the parody that we're playing.
And now it's Firefox.
Now I'll confess I didn't know nothing about it either because they just debuted was
yesterday or the day before.
I think yesterday.
They just cracked it out.
And so I went online.
I checked it out, being curious as I am.
And I discovered that since most of us hate Internet Explorer with like poison,
because first of all, it has to do with Microsoft, which has to do with Bill Gates.
And anything it has to do with Bill Gates, we despise.
It's the devil.
Yeah.
And so I thought I'll take a shot.
So I went on there, installed it in about 10 seconds.
And I took a puke at it.
And it's about 400 times faster than Explorer.
That's number one.
Number two, you don't get any pop-up ads and spam and any scam and any...
And it's like I said, like lightning, like wrist lightning.
And you don't get no viruses either.
I mean, there's only...
How many reasons you have to use this?
Not good, man.
Plus the fact we all hate Bill Gates anyway.
So let it dark check it out.
Do anything I don't like about it.
And it gets not there at all.
It's just that it's part of the Bill Gates conspiracy is that my Alexa Toolbar is designed to work only with Explorer.
Plus another one of those cons that Bill Gates puts over.
And if you don't use the final Alexa Toolbar and be able to send your email,
like in about two seconds and do these things, you have to use your Explorer.
Which I don't want to use the Explorer, but I haven't figured out a way yet to do it with the other thing.
It's easy.
We'll walk you through it.
The reason why I don't work with it is because Firefox blocks byware and Alexa...
No, no, no, no.
No, if you see...
Listen, Alexa is designed to work with Microsoft with the Explorer.
I think that's a try that this morning.
I got to know all about it.
But it is byware.
That's why Firefox doesn't want it working with it.
Yeah.
Well, that's why you install one of those byware cameras even on your Explorer, like block it out.
Which would have been through all of that.
So anyway, Firefox wanted out all your computer people.
Check it out.
And the rest of you get with it already.
Wait a minute.
It's a bit too much.
I'm so sick and tired of waiting for those people to catch up.
That's what Theresa said.
She is a rag doll.
No, no, seriously.
I don't care what you say.
He was dragging her around a thick and say what I say.
I mean like a rag doll.
And there's nothing worse than a rag doll that's stowed off her ass on top of it.
She did, I say.
What?
I said she stowed off her ass.
No, that's nothing new.
Maybe she's spiking the ketchup.
Who knows what's in it?
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Great show.
Just wanted to buy that.
Okay, great.
5667-0560.
Now listen, we should have had some appointments if they would just tell us which days they were
going to bail out early like that.
We still got 18 minutes to kill.
And we don't have like a whole bunch of calls coming in there.
We should have some appointments for this half hour.
Just in case, just as a backup.
Because we don't officially start to show until 11 o'clock.
5667-0560.
Who are you talking about?
It's time it's got no material, man.
You people are all these years I've been doing this here.
And it's never changed.
Unless the course is something with it's got it.
I'm going to hate.
Let's bring back Alien.
You damn human.
Alien.
Alien.
I'm not speaking with a chat.
You know, that crap.
That's all they can give into.
WQAM.
Hello.
It's something with a George.
Yeah.
There's 29x you want as I got for you, man.
Just going to call out some show.
Yeah, okay, great.
It's coming to QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Neil.
Oh, my God.
Mr. R.
That's Mr. R.
Do you, sir?
Mr.
Well, I'm just, I'm a, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm before.
It's my birthday.
I haven't been on your show in five years.
I'm coming up to Canada to be joining you now.
Hello.
It's crazy.
Let the crazy people have it.
You know what I'm saying?
I can't believe it.
I'm just, I'm in the blue and it's all going red.
And, and wow.
I'm just, I'm just excited to be on the air with you, you know.
Yeah.
Well, I can't wait to know.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 6.
Well, I don't want to be too carried away.
It's not like he was on the verge of an accident and his pants is something.
I can't.
QAM?
Approximately 30, man.
All right.
That, that was South Florida, boy.
That was it.
That was exactly perfect.
Nice job, pal.
But turn, man.
Yeah.
That was the South Florida version.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm a new listener.
Thanks to harvesters.
Okay.
And another thing is, Neil.
I want to be a Neil for 30 days.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Good luck to him.
Yeah.
He wants to be a Neil for 30 days.
Sounds to me like he got plenty of practice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom 5, 60.
Right.
On the Verizon singular wireless lines.
See these are what it's all about, man.
I say, let's forget about that political crap.
We're not going to make any change.
In fact, that second poll we're going to do today.
That'll give him a chance to express themselves.
They just like to website.
I'm actually going to put like, if we put 10 more
hot pictures on there,
nudes every day, even people that nobody ever heard of before.
Forget about these famous people.
We get a thousand times the response on that website.
Or it could be drowning in a sea of cash from the website.
Right.
Don't you think?
By the way, the new picture is up there.
Well, let me take a peek.
Okay.
You certainly got to be a step up.
You can really see the speaker, the candlestick maker.
Let's take a look at Terri Reid,
who's got a really nasty face, but a big boob.
That's one of the opposite.
What?
She's got a nice face, but a...
No, she doesn't have a nice face at all.
She's got a nasty bony face and a bad nose.
I'm telling you, man, I know this really good ophthalmologist.
He can have wonders for you.
She is scabby looking.
All right.
She's not attractive.
But she's a hell of a lot better than Josephine Baker.
Like I said, she's hot.
She is smoking, man.
Smoldering.
Like a volcano.
Compared to Josephine Baker.
WQA and Orscrewan.
QA and Hello.
Yes.
Can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You got to play that Oprah thing again with this,
which is pretty sweet helping monkey.
Oh, I love that thing.
That thing is a spawning...
I think it's called Oprah Giveaways.
On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked.
You'll be amazed.
You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again.
Oprah, make sure wildest dreams come true.
Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members,
get a brand new liver.
Everybody gets a lift on the one hand.
Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members,
get a brand new U-villa.
Everybody gets a brand new liver.
Everybody gets a brand new liver.
The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience,
get a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey.
The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm.
Everybody gets a breasted arm.
Oprah, give me the weight, great stuff.
You didn't have to pay for it, even though she could easily afford to.
And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets dead men.
Everybody gets a broken arm.
You can keep them.
Anyway, Josephine Baker, another wish-mit-cander off of our website.
Just out of curious, since I took the time to load my pants with us,
she was born June 3rd, 1906,
which if she were still alive, which is no chance that she did in the Dornale,
that would make her 88.
But unfortunately for Josephine, she died April 12th in 1975 in Paris, France.
She was born in St. Louis, by the way, Missouri,
which she died in the gay paris of a cerebral hemage.
And she was born to a laundress, Carrie McDonald,
and a carcin' musician, who used to sing,
and remember, he used to sing that at the...
What's the name of that tiny restaurant that we like so much?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I know what it is.
The one where we implantation is the same.
It's the name of that macaroni grill.
See, I mean, when I can remember it, you can't.
That goes to joy.
You're going in a wrong direction, Mr.
and probably from working in that place.
So that's one of the benefits of being out of that building,
or being very, very seldom.
Is that I don't have to put up?
I mean, it's bad enough with a export up to here.
The stress and the grief and the serenity,
whining and gnashing and turning out like a bunch of old grown children.
But it's the fact that when you were there,
that last week I was there, boy, I convinced me.
Don't be doing this again soon.
Don't be doing it again any time soon.
And I won't.
Anyway, she was in all kinds of crap.
She was in a move on Rouge, not the one you're thinking about,
the one in 1940 before any of us were born.
Anyway, so she died in 1975, which is like how many years ago?
About 30, man.
Almost.
So I don't think we want to be putting nudie pictures on there
of people who died, especially now that John Ascroft is standing.
He's stepping aside.
He's, you know, just like Dave Wampff, then.
He's stepping aside.
What are you doing?
Huh?
It's, yeah.
I mean, you know, Mr. H said this.
And Mr. H said that Eddie Jones thing, man.
That was so embarrassing yesterday.
I mean, what was that all about?
Hey, go up those checkered pants.
Yeah, I could walk in a while like some kind of an old fart from a condo.
Were you Eddie?
With all the money you've got, it's pathetic.
But anyway, the dolphins are like trying to give you a solid answer
about that.
They got Norman Bates now.
He's going to give everybody a free night at his motel
and they can eat mom, you know.
It'll be great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 60 on the horizon and singular wireless lines.
How about that Tony Perkins, huh?
What about he Tony, by the way, before you leave?
You're gay.
Yeah, I just thought I'd say that.
There's another one that they thought he had everybody fooled, you know.
They married him off.
He had a couple of kids.
At least somebody had a couple of kids with his wife.
Who do you think is making all-in babies with people's wives, you know, like David Cassidy's wife
and Rob Lowe's wife?
Me.
Oh, is that it?
No wonder you're busy.
W.A.M. Hello.
Where do you have a habit of making unwanted babies?
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, can you play...
Nobody's talking with you anymore?
Well, I didn't realize this is all a request, sir.
That's a good idea, you know what?
That's hilarious.
It's not entirely your grade.
Where is all this?
In the taxi cab, a jet driver, a jet driver.
You look dead, me.
So quizzically.
I could tell he was in the dark.
He's great, but so I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
A bug speaks English and a mollum.
I went down to my room and I made a bridge where the weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a little store with a guy that's hot little fun.
I asked him for a pint of fortune beam.
He says, no, at the end of what doesn't mean.
The butter's good English and a mollum.
That cornered there, Lee.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with some mail-in.
Or you can go back to the war.
I came here many years ago and learned my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quicker and American now.
Stop making mistakes.
Nobody speaks English.
That's an ideal.
Make some appointments for just in case we have this extra time before 11 o'clock.
And we can not only take us for your calls, we have appointments for.
But even through a few requests in there as well in the warm-up show.
It's unusual when you do your own warm-up.
It would be like being the lead-in like on stage, you know, like Erick Smith is performing or some famous band.
And they're their own lead-in.
You wouldn't say, it's kind of unheard of is what it is.
But here on QM we do a lot of things that are unheard of.
Hey, Rocco, stop faxing.
What's the Rocco faction long faxing?
The whole thing is a game story.
Oh yeah, we don't want to rock.
What's it about?
Some of that more serious end-of-the-world kind of stuff.
About the doctors, not prescribing birth control pills because of the Christian doctor's stuff we have.
Oh, go away Rocco, okay?
Jam it, stick it, okay?
Get lost, stuff it, put a sock on it, and it, up it.
You people, I think we're going to like solve the problems of the world here on this stupid ass radio show on this stupid ass radio station with its crappy AM stupid ass signal man.
You people must be nuts, you must be crazy.
God Almighty, you start to remind me a little bit of that little trip that John Henry...
That must be crazy, I must be nuts.
At least he won the freaking world serious anyway or something, right?
Some kind.
And gave John Henry the nice t-shirt, look at all the good that to him.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing?
Some pretty impressed.
Uh-huh.
Well, I, I, I want to thank you and George for your persistence in trying to educate you.
Well, let me just tell you one thing we've learned for assistance phase off.
Not.
Yeah, right, exactly.
I'm purely a pure old bastard.
I'm purely a real statesman.
You know, I just want to thank you guys, I think, um...
You know, I didn't do much but...
We tried.
Yeah.
Well, we did our best.
Hey, listen, we kicked ass and deadbrow our pombs and Lee Counties, man.
And Monroe, what more can you want, huh?
Maybe if we had a fight, we could...
I don't know how to fight, though, we could, huh?
I think, I think that's what made the difference, like, uh, with our...
You know, it was just Southern Counties, though.
And not only that, but I certainly put that amendment four over the top.
No question about it. I want my own slot machine at Compano Park
Did that go through? I was, yeah, sir
It passed by like almost a hundred thousand votes once they decided the machine was gonna keep counting forwards instead of backward
Yeah, good job
You know the only thing that the only thing that messes me up is I went to sleep going that Tuesday in America and woke up in the Homeland
Very well said my friend
All right, I have a good line of getting my boots straight now. Okay strap them up real tight
He woke me went to bed in America and woke up in a homeland. I love it. That was cute, wasn't it?
That was a lovely thing. Okay, let's get the thing on the road. Okay, we'll do the break a little bit early here
And we'll get the show on the road a little bit of clock
In fact, you know, maybe we'll condition the audience to start to mean a couple minutes before a little bit of clock
Just in case we might be here. Oh, you never know
Yeah, we're used to that part of it. I think yesterday, but that was that was absolutely unacceptable
It was just a butcher job, you know if we want the lonely we can call a foster myer
We can call up our friends at the deli. We can call your buddies Atlantic City subs
Get all the aloney we want as opposed to that funny
Everybody knew once that was out. It was in the papers in the morning everybody knew about it
Oh, no, but we're the double frustration in the worst part of it is when they shut my pot off man
There's nothing worse than having your pot cut off. Don't be not yeah, right. No, no seriously
Well, they did that that was an act that was like a declaration of war on their part
And of course, I believe declared it here so we have full fledged war going on back in port now
We don't like that kneel that drapping in the things and pissing off the dolphin organization
What now do you care? Okay?
You put stern on in the morning with support that was gonna piss off the organization even though they carry him in
Philly on the station to carry the Eagle game. So that's just a bunch of baloney
Yeah, see there's a baloney factor again
All the baloney you could eat with no extra charge with no mustard or relish and just a
Well, I wanted to step aside and mr. H said they're full of crap. Okay. It was a half hour of lies is what it was
Half our dog and pony show and then they bring this Norman baits on it
Who really is there anybody in the right mind? They're really believes he's gonna be the coach of the dolphins next season
Oh, not a chaneman's chance no chance
Is there anybody who believes the spielmice is gonna be back no chance?
But he at least we could have spiced it up a little bit
Yes, that was dropping in some beautiful stuff in there, but you know things like you turn
You know, they would have been great people would have been P and interpants, but no we can't laugh
But this is sports Neil you don't understand we have to take this deadly serious
We don't want to hit mr. H said well by the way mr. H and all about those are broadcast rights and all that story too
Yeah
I know I know something about mr. H and that whole thing with the marlins and the dolphins that could really just
And they could have slowed talk about a firefly. Yeah, no bad leader. Yeah, that's right
Even look a bros you his eyes would pop out here in that story
The good upstanding mr. H. That's true story
Yeah
My family came not me it's my family
10.56 at 5.60 WQ AM where we lie like crazy if you're expecting
Guest is Thanksgiving it's not the turkey that makes the meal special
Let's the people make sure your guest leave justice comfortably as you do by calling dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress
One for the plane weeks in advance you'd issue up without warning you can get them just to buy mattress the very same day
Now when you call 1 800 mattress you'll save an additional 20% on select models while supplies last
And you can choose from all the top names in the universe like Celi and sir to Simmons King Quaster and Zvenanis Foster and temper p to 2
When you call 1 800 mattress you'll get same data delivery and pick the date and time for it a bit to fit your schedule
You just pick it to our window and then you just jump right out of it like between 1 and 3 to inform whenever it's convenient for you and
Valimatrice is mighty proud and ought to be of their 99.7 on-time service record
They're ranked number one in the world a customer satisfaction and
The amount risk won the 2004 better business bureau local torch of excellence award. That's how outstanding they be
So before those guests you're up for the holidays or whatever the deal might be call 1 800 mattress
It's the easiest the smartest piece of shop and you'll ever do having using these folks for years
Check them on the wicked web at macrus.com or better yet make that call right now
You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTRES
This is the old Roger
Any question
Not
Yeah
Come on, we die!
Bow, bow, bow, from the dawn!
From the dawn!
From the dawn!
Bow, bow, bow, from the dawn!
From the dawn, from the dawn!
From the dawn, from the dawn!
Bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow
bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow
bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow
bow bow bow bow bow bow bow Bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow
They thought everyone the four letter words on an email as they creep out the word corn
whole
Yeah, they creep out the whole thing
Anyway, getting back to this yeah deliverance. That's an honor of the red states. Okay. All you in red red state mugwumps
Bill Clinton 110 Tom Brady 110 down to Trump 85. You're fired at it. You're fired at it
Although of course in the world of mr. H you resigned, but you're fired in
Tiger 176 Jack Nicholson 45 see the world away. It hasn't yet you resigned
What do you want to or not? Which is another way of saying you're fired at it
But it sounds so much more gentile and gentile
Tiger what 76?
Technicals and 45 Jay Z had 38
Parasoulton 36 in fact Tara Reeves a little like Parasoulton with a little better nose
Although not a good nose, but a better one than her a Shaq 25
Sting 22 Vanessa Peronise 16 because she's married to Johnny Depp and a lot of people want to get and the Tyson
Backward 9 so let's see we had how many women on
We had Parasoulton and but I said well, we only had a couple of females on there, right?
Right in between the two of them they had like 54 boys. We just don't have any women
That's all so the way it is a Q amp. Tara Reid though is a woman
Not nearly as attractive as George thinks she is or maybe that's just a bad picture because the picture I have here
She looks a lot better. No, I
Stand by my ass rotation. What? She's hot. She's hot. No, she's not okay. See yeah, well, I don't I don't want to go in with of course
No, yeah, seriously it's
It's a good thing if you consider that hot then hey listen to one of you got so much action going on
She was born November 8th
1975 which means look at this that two days ago she was 29 how about you like that and the picture like I said from
IMDB I have here we were the close on I mean, but she looks much better. She was born in Wycoff, New Jersey
What's off
She's been in my see she's doing now in pre-production
Land of Cayman
She's completed loan in the dark which is where George is gonna be very soon. Oh
The wicked prayer not not just do you ever hear movie like that?
That's not not not not slaying or done that's because not like my stomach is tied in that's right now after what you say moment to go
My boss's daughter doubles pond van Wilder. They don't come to wilder than van American pie two
Josie in the pussycat. Uh-oh boy work. You have him problems here. Just visiting Dr. T in the women
Don't send this tape to a Joyce by the way. She'll get really she'll be half of an LED body shots
American pie the first one around the fire cruel intentions. We did that we what we did that night
Urban legend. Oh, that's right. She was in urban legend. It was a very marginal movie by the way
But who's an effort I like?
Is me?
I'm a story. All right. Yeah
Yeah, here it is. Here's urban legend right here and I was right here at leader. We're looking a lot better
He looked a little bit anorexic in with Sarah there in our in red right while that was for the role there. I understand
But he looks just fine here, Jigglydo. Now, who is it that he was supposedly doing recently?
I he greenies tabloids and he was split up with this one and split up but I can't keep track of it
And I guess probably need to concede I forgot
But anyway, there she is. She's in there. It's her read and the Jigglydo in a whole bunch of uh
Alicia wit
And her brother Nerfor and Rebecca and I tell you Rebecca demon. He looks just like a Hillary Clinton
So anyway, there she is. Carol read
And she's on our beaded curtain. We got John Ascroft still looking on even though he's stepping aside
He stepped aside
Okay, this is a cute thing. Oh, let's do the first poll till noon. Okay
Got it up there already and the reason I'm doing this now. Let me take a look at the uh sun sentinel, okay?
At the website because I want to give you the up to eight number
There's a story Southern Florida Southern Baptist wanted constitutional ban on gay unions
Okay
Let me just take a look they took a poll in the sunset. Well in the first thousand votes looked really
Ugly. I mean considering that Broward is the most liberal county in the state of Florida by far
By far. Let's see all get tested vote again
How they didn't catch out of me huh?
Uh, would you vote for an amendment that banned gay marriage in the state of Florida?
2691 responses in the Sun sentinel poll
48.2% say yes 50.1% say no and the
1.7% not sure the same people no matter what the question is they're just not sure as in what's the gay marriage?
I'm a little bit like that
Uh, so that's a little bit promising
But again in the beginning it was like 64% say yes. Oh, yeah. What do I get to vote on that?
And I'm gonna say it again if the people in the South had a chance to vote on
Civil rights for blacks. I mean overwhelmingly it would be no no put it back in the uh to pick cotton
You know that kind of stuff, but that's okay
So here's our first poll until noon and we'll then we got a very important programming poll from noon to uh till tomorrow
Would you vote for a state ban on gay marriages? Yes, absolutely
No or don't know just three choices there. We want to make it easy for it
Of course, they don't know as a cop out. That's uh
See, I never configure those people out the ones that always say uh, I don't know not sure don't have an opinion
In different let's see no 24 yes, absolutely forward. Don't know why that's because people are stuck up to me
Okay, I don't mean to care. I'm not planning to get married this week or next week or the week after
But the reason we're taking that poll is because uh a state constitutional ban on same-sex marriages will soon go before the legislature and voters for approval
If the state Southern back this get their way those bigots those for our business go him
Because good old time religion baby. That's what it's all about. Hey, hey, who's the scapegoat doger?
Is it the dark people the fact people the women who is it?
The Florida Baptist Convention which is holding its 150th annual meeting in Jacksonville
Is expected to call for the passage of a state constitutional amendment upholding the biblical definition of a marriage between one man
A one woman the biblical definition the Bible
You know that good book that was written by primitive
Idiots thousands of years ago that tells you that the world was created by God five thousand years ago
Even of course anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail was better than that
But no no confuses with that evil hook is focus
It's the work of Satan. We know that we're gonna begin some type of process of saying we want to see a state marriage
Amendment similar to what was passed in other states this election said the Reverend Tommy green passed through the first
Baptist church and Brandon and now going present a one million member convention on election day voters in 11 states as we know
approved bands on same-sex marriages including in Ohio which was the difference. I'm thinking in the presidential election
So if you want to blame somebody for the way that the Bush one again blame the fags
The amendments passed in Mississippi Montana and Oregon referred only to marriage
Specifying that it should be limited to unions between one man and one woman
The measures in Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, North Dakota, Ohio
Oklahoma and Utah called for a ban on civil unions as well
In other words really bigoted not just like for you know
And on Friday the Texas Board of Education approved a new health textbook that defined marriage as a lifelong union
Between a man and a woman and of course we know that the institution marriages going so strong in America with only about a 55 or 60
Presented horse rate right that what's not to like right they're all lifelong
Yeah, that's right lifelong commitment
So that's how the pool we're taking the first hour
And we're getting a whole bunch of calls. I think we got the appointment pool was pretty fooled for today
No, it's a good thing they had that stupid ass press conference at Bologna of the Pony Bologna thing yesterday
Because we don't have time for that crap today and that was crap man
I was a half an hour a pure unadelerated swill and of course the thing I always like best about those press conferences is when the reporters
There's no microphone in the right for the reporters when they ask the question
And you can't understand a word that's being said. It's a really great radio, you know
Yeah, right
But don't confuse our sportsocracy with it because they're very you know they're very dedicated to that
That's that's their a bread and butter
Storrs. Yeah, just ask them
That's their lost leader
1113 at 560 wq am you have guests coming to the holidays?
Are you wondering what to do with that dirty old carpeting in your home that looks so bad and embarrassing now?
It's the time to get rid of that carpet and replace it with laminate or hardwood flooring from laminate designs
Visit laminate design showroom. You'll find them at 82 80 stay road 84 in Davy and there you can choose from where we're 300 samples on display
Laminate designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in just about a week
Call them today 1 877 8 laminate l AM I N A T E to set up a free no obligation in home estimate
Laminate designs carry all the well-known lines including Wilson art quickstep in pergol
And if you call today and set up an appointment for your free estimate tell me what the wq and discount for an additional 10% off
They're already low unbeatable installation price
Laminate designs will find them in Davy just off I
595 between Pine Island and University Drive and the showrooms open Monday through seven laminate designs the flooring company where service comes for
For instance
I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down if broard conny would change their mind and decide
They want to build this facility. I will not play here
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing I went out and did something
I supported the shelter that project
And too much surprise
We're up to piling my
Hey
I
The prophet is hurry kids to die.
And the ruler nerds in support of this guy
can advance a good specialist must be the reason why.
They believe the old who he is,
is Jesus Christ.
We're off you pious, are you right?
We're off you pious, are you right?
We're not the ones who are tired of this.
What's going on with this guy?
We're off you pious, are you right?
For the children, what we do,
it's so many vacations.
You know it's hard work, it's hard work.
Everybody knows it's hard work.
We've got a lot of hard work.
I see on the TV screens how hard it is.
Yeah, I...
It's 11.19 at 5.60 W.Q.M. happy Wednesday to you.
The asphalt picture is perfect for the beeping curtain.
So it is moving, isn't it?
On yours?
Yeah, okay, good.
We're here with this reason.
The first time I thought I had something to do with a prisoner.
Because it's got the big...
It's got his picture there,
as Croffins has resigned.
And then it's still still watching.
I love that.
Thank you all.
I will stick that on her.
Thank you, Robert.
And it always goes...
Robert, Albert, Albert, Albert, and Robert,
Jimmy, Danny, Danny, and Jimmy and...
And Jay and Mr. H.
Field Guide to Canada.
This is a cute little thing they had on the editorial page
and they took on our stariest today since everybody
and their brother now from...
See, I'm looking at the results on our pool.
I'm thinking to myself,
as much as we've got a lot of goofballs out there,
especially on the phone,
but you know, mostly covers our goofballs anyway.
But if the US could better represent like our audience,
see what I'm saying?
If that demographic of these people,
if this mentality could be like the 90 to 5% of the USA,
first of all, we wouldn't have George W. Bush,
we wouldn't have John Ascroff,
we wouldn't have Carl Roving Maniac,
we'd be like living and breathing people.
And not everybody and their brother from the Blue States
would be trying to schlep up here.
Would you vote for a state ban on gay marriage
as 132 votes, no 107, 81%,
yes, absolutely 19, 14%,
and don't know six,
don't know, but a little bit like that.
Anyway, this is field guy to Canada from the Toronto Star,
yesterday, it's cute, short.
I don't want to start reading a bunch of long stuff.
Cosmic L might be listening, but I doubt it.
The re-elections of US President George W. Bush
has driven some Americans to gaze wistfully north
and as a service to our US readers,
we offer a primarum what to expect
when crossing the Peace Bridge for good.
One, in Canada, Bush is a term that refers to the wilderness,
which is the only place guns are allowed.
Two, our country is the union of the French and the English,
given Henry VIII and all that,
you can see why we've never claimed to be a nation united under God.
Three, unlike the US counterparts,
Canadian senators are not elected,
but the distinction is not as great as am I first appear
because we take our senators no more seriously than Americans
to carry an Edward's.
Four, unlike the US, there is no separation
between our executive and legislative branches of government.
Here, the leader of the party with the most legislators becomes Prime Minister.
In practice, that means our leader does not have to negotiate
with the Parliament to do whatever your president wants.
Five, the PM's wife is the closest candidate
to a first lady, but we've no idea if Sheila Martin baked cookies or not.
And six, you have football, baseball, basketball, and hockey,
so do we, except many of us don't normally count the first three.
That's a little perimeter for those who are planning coming north, A.
That's the first thing you learn when you want to be friendly
and you will be friendly and polite when you come here.
You leave that attitude behind at the border.
You'll check it out the border and you'll say,
how's it going, A?
And the look you can say, who the hell you can.
Anyway, this other thing is kind of cute.
It says the number of US citizens visiting Canada's
main immigration website has shot off six times,
six-fold, as Americans flipped with the idea of a bed in their homeland
or see they woke up in the homeland.
After President Bush's election win last week,
when we looked at the first day after the election of
November 3rd, our website had a new high,
almost double the previous record high immigration ministry.
Folks, women, Maria, is in our area or whatever her name is said on Friday.
And an average day, some 20,000 people in the U.S.
logged out of the website, www.cic.goad.ca.
Whatever that stands for.
A figure which skyrocketed 150,000 on Wednesday that they have to be election.
The number of US visits settled down to 65,800 to 303
days still well above the norm.
Bush's victory sparked speculation that this council of Democrats and others
might decide to start a new life in Canada,
a land that tilts more to the left than the U.S.
Hey?
Would be immigrants to Canada can apply to become permanent residents,
a process that often takes the M-Sorry process that often takes a year.
The other main way to move north on a long-term base is this
fired a job which requires a work permit,
but please spare the sob stories.
Asked whether an applicant would be looked upon more simply
if they claimed to be a sad Democrat seeking to escape four more years of
Bush, yet a minority, whatever name is said,
there would be no weight given the statements of feelings.
Canada is one of the few major nations with a large scale immigration policy.
In fact, Ottawa was seeking to attract between 220 and 240,000 newcomers next year.
Let's face it, we have a population of a little over 32 million,
and we definitely need permanent residents to come to Canada,
if we can meet the 2005 target and go above it the more the merrier.
But right now it's too early to say whether the increased
and tristele resultant more applications,
there is no unusual activity occurring at our visa missions in the U.S.
Having someone who intends to come to Canada is not the same as somebody
actually putting in an application she said,
we'll only find out whether there's been an increase in about six months in applications.
The waiting time to become a sit-in is shorter for people married to Canadians,
which prompted the birth of a satirical website called
merridandamerican.ca, or merridandamerican.ca.
The idea of increased immigration by unhappy Americans is triggering some amusement in Canada,
commentator Thane Burnett of the Ottawa-San newspaper wrote a tongue-in-cheat guide
who would be the citizens on Friday.
As Canadians, you'll have to learn to embrace and use all the products and culture of Americans
while bad-mouthing their way of life he said.
That's cute.
So come on up, or not, eh?
Okay, let's get somebody's calls in here because we have a heavy appointment book.
56670560,
pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Thank God we got rid of that Josephine Baker picture.
And whatever possessed you, was it the spirit of Christ or what?
She's a famous broad who is showing her cans.
That's all.
So let me say it again.
So is Betsy Ross a famous broad, okay?
So are there some showed that might put up here?
I'll tell you, I'll tell you somebody else who's even more famous than either one of them.
Oprah.
And want to see her cans?
Oprah.
Oh God, what a fact, honey.
I say stick her ass in the can.
3218, hello.
Idea.
Yes sir.
I totally agree with you on Tom Brady.
So you're okay great, that's Rubin Jones.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Hey Neil, are you ready?
Brian, you happy routine?
No, we can't.
What is this with these requests all of us?
And the show is underway now.
This is the real show.
This has to be request.
Okay, let's hear some of your great-aid material.
I just got you complimenting our audience out there and look what we're getting here.
These people need to have appointments.
QA and hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing buddy?
All right, Pally.
All right, I got 1130 appointments.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm okay, you're 5 minutes early.
All right, cool, I got tired at least.
And you were George Noah, anybody who wants to buy a free-footed health among these?
It's really no help at all.
I sent him off for a act of scissors.
Come here QA and hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm listening to 940, just loving them, whining and crying and bitching and moaning.
Well, good, go back to with them.
QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, I can't believe that Astro actually got me in this kind of series because they make
you wonder who they're going to get to take over his permission.
Come on down there.
I remember him.
Hermann here and he's making a comeback.
He said if it's good enough for AeroFord, it's good enough for me.
George seems in new rushes.
He's in the first round of five seconds.
QA and.
We makin' on.
This is Joe Boehme, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority Neil Gohme.
Also undefeated by the way, we're going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
AeroFord.
Oh black.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm going to send a present to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The group demanded the release of all Iraqi prisoners and the end of the attacks on
Fallujah with at 48 hours.
It said the hostages would be beheaded if its demands were not met.
Oh no.
You see things aren't going quite as well as we were told.
Oh my God, it's a severed hand!
You know, it seems to be an epitome.
The democative scrap going down over there, you know?
On Sir Al-Ziaud has made several claims for attacks before, but this is its first claim
for kidnapping.
The website previously used to post claims from the group claimed there were three hostages,
and the law we advised her in a source post of the family also said three family members
were abducted.
So it's a question of who you believe, but the law is ought to know.
Huh?
The law is in office today, said it was where only two family members is cousin Ghazi
al-Awa, 75, and his cousin's daughter-in-law.
It sounds a lot like the godfather of the others.
See the whole deal.
A lot of kids.
Yeah.
Anyways, 20 children, 65wQAM, we're going to change the pool at noon.
See, I think this worked out fine because you don't need to take this one forever.
The percentage they're going to change that much.
Obviously, we've got an open-minded and enlightened audience out there that would much prefer
to live in the blue states.
It's that it wouldn't be surprising to me that most of our audience probably is from the
blue states.
Right?
Right.
And I've been in Florida there feeling mighty blue, which I can't blame.
Although watch out for that blue dress.
You know, did you see that clip of Bubba speaking yesterday?
He didn't look good on that blue one.
No, I realized that he's ill and he just had to bypass the whole deal, but he looked
better when he spoke in a filly with the carry like a week and a half ago, whatever
was.
He looked not too good.
In our fair, he had looked good at all.
I've never, you know, next to Catherine Harris, this guy has had more deaths already.
It's unbelievable.
How many lives has he got for Cwainella?
That is, it's Christ almighty.
And I'm not making those up either.
They keep coming off the wire services that's twice in just a few days.
Is there a faade?
And this was supposed to be from the Palestinian.
And I wouldn't surprise me if he is already dead.
They're just trying to figure out how to divvy up the cash.
And you notice that money grabbing bitch wife in his?
Oh, yeah, well, she's in there is we haven't seen her ever before, never, never, never
before.
And all of a sudden she's like prominent and run and run.
And why?
Because she wants possession of the body because that's like, if she's got possession of
the body, that means she can get a big chunk of that hundreds and hundreds of millions
of dollars that he embassled.
I mean, that he was out of the office, got it hidden.
Yeah, that's correct.
So she's trying to get a hold of the body, which isn't a first is from what I'm hearing.
19 till noon at 5.60 W.Q.M. Let me tell you right now about our good friends over at
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach with over 275 different mortgage programs
available to them.
They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently, they helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify
to buy his own home.
Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as
to the type of mortgage he could get.
And they were closely with him to determine which was best and then they made it happen.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach at 1-800-734-6616.
Were they looking for an interest only loan, a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many
low rate adjustable mortgages they have.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach has exactly what you'd be looking for.
The offer of payments is lowest, $332 for every 100 grand you borrow.
And not only will they take care of your mortgage situation, they'll also send you on a cruise.
That is correct.
After closing your loan with Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach, you can
choose one of six different seven night cruises, compliments of Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
So call them today, they'll take care of you.
1-800-734-6616.
Were they looking to buy a new home and investment property or just refinance that current
mortgage, these are the folks you want to call it.
You can check them on the wicked web first if you like it.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.com where they'll treat you just like family.
Or give them that call right now.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach, toll free, it's 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
It's collusive rate.
Unfixing at 8 AM.
People are as dull and they've watched it as dumb as cow.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Crawford County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a
guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
You perked.
Oh, we're fine.
It's got had a fault.
And so could hit them woody act like Cheech and Chong.
And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hats.
And we share it with Jesus and the saints.
Those eyes find heads and yeah, yeah.
Part is great and yeah, yeah.
Part is good and yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why does God know God ever?
He'll God.
Oh.
Don't you'll think about Marley on his own.
Right, Tom.
Not fun in heaven this year.
Oh, guess what?
Marley just made a comeback just like yesterday.
I'm a fart.
All the dead people are coming back.
If it's good enough for I'm a fart, it's good enough for them, right?
Yeah.
And George Washington said I don't have wooden teeth.
354 votes on a poll.
Would you vote for a state ban on game marriages?
That's what they said in fact.
This is our hope in their Jones and four.
As in Bob Jones and Reverend Jones.
283 no votes on our poll so far in this very broad minded audience.
About 80%.
Yes, absolutely 61, 17.2%.
Say, oh, yeah, we can't have Adam and Steve.
And 10 people say, I don't know, 2.8%.
We'll change the poll at noon.
Now, remember we had that caller, your little Julio friend.
One of those little circle of jerks, which were the white call before about who's going to be placed.
John asked, oh, oh, that.
Well, here's the answer.
You want the answer?
No.
President Bush is moving swiftly toward naming his successor to Attorney General John asked,
and White House counsel Alberto Gonzalez has emerged as the leading candidate for the job.
Alberto Gonzalez.
See, a Republican source of the White House told, and I'd rather have Jose Jimnez myself.
That the choice of Gonzalez would be announced later today by Bush separately to administration officials told the A&P that belonged anymore.
So they got tourists up there, even the polar bears are pissed off about this Bush thing.
Global warming is heating the Atlantic at a rapid pace with impacts that could range.
And don't forget the bush grasses.
Oh, there's no such thing as global warming. It's a liberal plot. There's no such thing.
Global warming is just, you know, we just made that up.
Impestic could range from the disappearance of polar bears summer habitat by the centuries end to a damaging rise in sea levels worldwide.
Oh, my God.
That assessment released yesterday by a group of international climate experts amounts to one of the most urgent warnings on climate change today,
and could put new pressure on the U.S. Northern Asians to curb fossil fuel emissions.
Stop it already, you crazy bastards, you.
This comes at a time of growing concern about the effects of global warming, which scientists generally reason increasingly driven by rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere from human industry to industry activity and changing land use patterns.
Mondays report called for a strong near-term action to reduce output of gases that when they rise into the atmosphere, trap heat and what's called the greenhouse effect, and it goes on about the stark assessments.
Rapid melting of Arctic glaciers, including the vast sheet of ice that covers Greenland, the sheet locks up in a fresh water to raise sea levels by as much as 27 feet over the course of several centuries.
The group calculates that during the century Greenland temperatures are elected to receive the threshold for triggering the long-term meltdown of the island's ice sheet.
Arctic temperatures rising up to twice as fast as a global average. Over the past 50 years, average winter temperatures in Alaska, western Canada, and eastern Russia,
versus as much as seven degrees Fahrenheit. Over the next century, temperatures are projected to rise up to 13 degrees Fahrenheit.
Remember like the last summer, not this past, but the one a year ago, when it was record-breaking, heat temperatures all over Europe.
Not just a coincidence, okay. It wasn't just like, oh well, it's getting hot, curly plot.
A dramatic reduction in the extent of the summer ice pack in the Arctic Ocean, late summer ice coverage already is declined by as much as 20% over the past three decades.
The summer ice pack is projected to shrink by another 10 to 50% by the end of the century. Some kind of model show the summer ice vanishing by the year 2040, which is only 36 years away. How do you like that?
I just mentioned this in passing. You're all going to drown. But nevertheless, you know, we don't want to go back to science code because we know there are a bunch of comic pinker leftists right? They're from the left post and they're full of crafts.
You're not considering the good news. What is that? All those waterfront homes, the Kentucky insurgent has to.
Oh, I forgot about that. That's right. And of course, don't forget about Canada's great beaches.
5.670560, pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. I don't care what anybody says. I've been telling you this for a long time. America is two countries divided right down the middle.
Not geographically, but philosophically. You got two countries. You got the people from the blue states, the living and breathing and thinking people, most of them. And in the red states who are like busy making their deliver parts to.
Andrew. Andrew.
WQA. Hello. Q.I.N.
Yes, I'm speaking. The guy's name is Alberto Gonzalez. He's the he's a buddy of Bush from Texas.
Well, it's one of Bush's lawyer buddies. If we were just for him, this is for you.
All right. What do you say? I don't know.
If we walk to him and this. What do we just say? This but for you, I think. Oh, this but for you. Okay, pal.
It's up. Sweet. Are you are really rock solid? Any call four minutes late that guy. Shame on him. Don't ever do that.
Because I was rambling on about Arctic War, man. All other scientific mumbo jumbo. You know that has nothing to do with the Lord.
It's the devil's work. All that science crap. All that carbon dating and stuff. This is just a temporary proving ground anyway. Right.
That's correct until all you Jews go to hell. Well, unless you have said Jesus, of course. WQA. And hello.
Neil going to serious. Yeah, right. WQA. Hello. Neil is Hankelberg. A Q.A.
And the WQA and hello. Hi. Oh, we're on a roll now. See in a row. Let's go for QA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Speak to me, sir. Come on. Three night radio down, man. It's interfering with my life.
On top of this wave. They want our situation here. He's a failure. Okay. Good. Oh, I didn't know that. WQA. Hello.
Do the law. That's him. That's a great one. That was a great one. Yeah. That's a great one. I hope that you and he used the Vaseline.
Don't okay. He told me he's getting kind of sore about your whole attitude. What? Let's say nothing. Boy, you talk about a cluster fork.
Those are the minutes. It's unbelievable. Talk about joy. It's a hip and the lip and the tip.
Four minutes to noon at five sixty WQM. I got where the hell is the time gone. It's already noon almost.
I'll be gosh dangled. Is everybody but passing would say about them. Gosh dang Italians who didn't build his boat right.
Let's get that passing back. When you say. Let's see if he'll pay me for a couple of years for now.
Let's give that a shot just like mold. We can mold. He'll be on next Wednesday. You want to market down for the mad dog.
Mark. I've got next week's schedule already. We can head to time. You want to mark that down. Make sure you're like away from your radio next Wednesday from 2 to 4.
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8L. All right.
I'm dying out of here. Oh we're flying.
I'm dying out of here.
All 3 at 5 sixty WQM. Happy Wednesday to keep your chin up baby collectively. Keep all your cinam.
All right. Here's the result of our first poll. Would you vote for a state ban on game or is this what the Southern Baptist and
the other right wing? William want 409 votes. Not too bad actually like in our and what time when we come on.
Today?
Today we came on.
More seems like the liquid goal.
409 votes when you vote for a state ban on game-erad no, 326, almost 80%.
Just a here, just a curly little hair under 80%.
Yes, absolutely 72, 17.4%, 6% who have got their priorities straight and done.
And don't know, 11, usual 2.6%.
Here's a new poll, which we can get up there right away, Eric, and then you can go back to lunches.
Now that the election is over, and of course this is the most pressing part,
because I'm like kind of torn on this, although not really so much.
Because like you were saying the other day, you don't want to like to see the news.
Oh, and speaking of news, in the last 48 hours, 24 more American dead soldiers.
But they really don't want to make too much of a deal on this, and the media because they're too busy brainwashing everybody about
Operation Fulugia Bloodbath or whatever they're calling it this hour.
Here we have a couple hours, they have some new cliche, you know.
Operation Fulugia Freedom is some crap.
24 more dead Americans for absolutely no reason at all.
And of course they have no idea how many rakis, because why should we count them anyway.
Even though we're liberating them, they're barbarians anyway, so what do we care, right?
And they shouldn't have attacked us.
Yeah, that's right, they shouldn't have attacked us, and I love it anyway, those freaking rakis.
Now that the election is over, what I want most from the near Roger show is,
now we do a poll like this every once in a while when the spirit of Christ compels me.
And I thought that now is a good time, right?
Records we've been very, very heavy in this political stuff, a lot of good it did.
And you know, writing and raving and reading all the bedtime stories, and just,
here's the choices I have on here.
Now that the election is over, what I want most from the near Roger show is,
more politics, more bedtime stories, back to fun and games, more crazy callers,
anything but politics.
Now am I leaving something off here, they could always add on here.
Right, right, right.
Right.
Let's see, what am I going to vote for?
I don't know.
Back to fun and games, how like all these great calls we're getting today.
I've got record Jones 30 or 40 times and Prozac Rock.
How?
How?
Prozac Rock, all our other good friends out there.
And keep in mind, these people are cut above the red states.
What does that tell you about the red states?
Anchory.
Robin?
Annie's?
I'm fine.
Like, poor Ned baby man.
He's still so about that role.
I would have thought myself they'd gone off to John Boyd.
You know, but up in the woods they don't see too good.
Do you remember a while back he took a tour of the site.
Again, they had a story about it.
Really, John Boyd?
Ned baby.
Oh, did he?
Yeah, and they pointed out rape rock as the locals call it now.
Rape rock.
Rape rock.
And he was 12 times to see it again.
What's he really?
Yes, he was.
I wonder if that's a right way to date Rape rock.
Somebody QA Am Hello.
Hey, me, you, how's it going?
What's your little rock?
Somebody QA Am Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
I'm looking for Ned.
Speaking.
Hey, Ned.
There's a lot.
I didn't get chance to thank you for helping us with the election.
All your hate and warm up.
Okay, great.
Somebody QA Am Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Ned?
Hey, George.
How's it going?
How's it going?
Anyway, where they show us her?
Terry, one big, where they show us her for their life.
Yes, go ahead, sir.
I just want to know who do you think looks more like a woman, Belkish Narea, broke them all?
Miss Kamala, are you not going to miss Kamala while she's got her problems?
Is that what you're doing?
You're not going to a lady when she's down?
Cut the crap, pal.
I'll get a life, okay?
You see, they're obsessed with Miss Kamala.
They didn't believe me all those times.
I, you know, it's no surprise to most of us and new people out there.
You're just so slow.
You're so freaking slow.
That's old news now.
Okay, she's in jail.
She's having a good time, I guess.
And does that in Murray would say?
Yeah.
They didn't know where to treat a lady.
That's correct, okay?
So leave her alone already.
She's got bigger fish to fry.
And younger ones too.
W.A.M., hello.
Who am?
Yes, sir.
We are in the National Convention, by the way.
He is the Einstein who wrote the infamous memo that George Bush had said that Geneva convention
didn't apply to the prisoners we were taking in the fake contours.
That is correct.
In fact, he thought that Geneva Convention was held in Geneva, New York.
That's what Iraq had sent us to.
I thought it was ethical, actually, or really good.
No, I think it was in Canada, with myself.
I think so.
Okay.
And they're having part two in Penaean.
Why don't they talk to little boy?
I can't.
I don't be start with him.
Come all stuff again.
Will you please, Jesus, leave her alone.
Whether very junior.
Jesus Christ.
It's a good thing that they got those hurricanes over just in time for him to.
And he's probably under a lot of stress, you know?
Right.
You probably thought the kid was like maybe at least 14 and a half.
W.A.M., hello.
Boy, he's quite perfect.
Boy, I'm not.
W.A.M., hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you had a call yesterday, you looted the brief.
You had some schlepper call from down here to Howard Stern.
And he goes down here and was telling Howard how for the first 20 minutes of every show.
Yeah.
It's just some Oja Prabhakatura goes on and trying to like stir up a bunch of crap is what that's all about.
Right.
And Howard, like the old Larry King days, pretended like he didn't know who you were and he referred to as Tony Rogers.
But it wasn't that big a deal.
It was just a call that we called it.
And the thing I tried to do enough about Howard's fans and Howard and stuff, he think they and he think he's the only thing that should be on the radio.
Well, that's true.
I mean, I mean, the situation show I've only listened to in the past.
I prefer you obviously it's not the way to see you to come on.
But I've listened to Howard and I still will do it with God.
You see, some of his moronics, I kind of call it.
Everyone, wait a minute, you're saying somebody, have you been listening to us today?
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah, well, that's a part of it.
I know.
But the other thing is, remember the days when we used to do remote, I see some of the people there.
Like Gilbert was like the upper crust of the tree.
And that's right, he was top notch.
Yeah, and that's pretty much the general, you know, the general...
But keep in mind, those aren't the listeners.
Those are the callers, the groupies.
Okay, because groupies are always misfits.
Amen.
Thank you, Neil.
Good luck to us, pal.
Okay.
Yeah, let's have a little mischamel session here.
What do you think, huh?
Yes, sir.
Did I look stupid?
Yes.
In fact, maybe we ought to change the poll question.
Maybe the poll question ought to be since they're so obsessed with this come on.
How young is too young?
Yeah.
Three or four?
Five?
Come on.
Give it a shot.
Okay, let's see what we got so far.
We've just got a smattering of hope.
I'm not going to read until we get something substantial on there.
We got the new poll up there.
Thanks to fun and games.
That's what we're doing today, baby.
A little more of this series.
We're going to change the world.
Craft, keep it light, Neil.
Keep it light.
Lots of parts today.
Right.
A lot of parts sounds.
Sign up ones, of course.
Silent ones, of course.
Oh, and speaking of that, I was going to mention this before.
What?
Because I keep telling you about how much I enjoy going out the wood mine and plunging my gut out of the slots.
Because it aggravates you.
What does?
I don't know.
It seems to.
And anyway, I noticed something the other day.
I went to, you know, you put your cup on the chair and you asked the first nice thing to watch your machine when you got a bunch of credits in there and you're coming back to lose your ass.
And I went to take a leak and I came back.
Of course, you have to go take a leak a lot because they keep feeding you all in free diet sodas which aren't really free because they're, you know, have to take them out of the bucket every time they come back.
At any rate, I come back and was very crowded.
It was on Sunday afternoon and as I'm weaving my way through this crowd of crazy people, which they always watch the people playing the fight-hour machines because it's like a spectator thing.
You know, they're not playing and not gambling, but it's like they're watching, which I can't avoid.
And I'm more boring than watching other people play a slot machine.
But it's like watching other people play golf or any other sport.
But I walked through there and I have, and I've mentioned this before, but I have never noticed so many people smell and so bad.
Now, it can be wrong. I love a lot of the people here either, you know, in like any place else, good people, crappy people.
But smelly people. And every time I play that, nobody speaks English and at the thing about speaking with smelly.
I mean, I can understand. You can go anywhere and just have the misfortune. Somebody just got some bad cheese and it's going to just, that rancid aroma came a linger for a long time making this nauseous.
But I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about bad smell and people, you know?
I don't want to start generalizing and tell you where these people may or may not be from. You know, I'll go right ahead.
No, seriously, what are they going to do with tacos? Even the old Italians here, I don't know, I go to Italy and they all smell fine to me, but not actually they don't.
No, they don't. No, not that. Not that I think about it. They don't.
They're hair. No, they didn't. I even went without the hair. They just, I don't know.
They just send about when you wear the same clothes for like two, three weeks at a time, you know?
And you don't, you don't use the soap because you're afraid you're going to drop it. I'm thinking now that body wash should be really great in some of the Western European countries.
You know, the old old, that's smelly around. Because you can't pick that up if you drop it. That's correct.
Oh my God. I mean, just, just even think about getting your bar a soap, okay? Just soap on a rope would be good. That Pope soap on a rope is great.
But man, you talk about, oh God, and there's all these different, right? And none of them are good, you know what I mean?
You go to Vegas. I don't remember anybody like smelling bad or like smelling good, bad or indifferent.
It's just like people, you know? But you go to the casino here like, oh geez, here's somebody from India right there.
It's kid Curry's brother-in-law or somebody curry. Mike and Melbourne factorsist for the guy who's asking who out of Burk, Arkansas is tomorrow with things.
He's the guy who is unduly influencing the Republican, I love in commissioners and telling them what questions to ask the hostile witnesses.
He is unacceptable is what this fact says. Unacceptable. But I'm sure the Democrats in the several role over and play dead, which is what they do the best.
Very, very apropos, Mike and Melbourne, right on target, you got your thumb on it. Very apropropriate.
Because actually if they're doing with everything, they just role over and play dead.
So you got the wild right wing evangelicals and then you got a party that's dead as a door nail and that don't make for a two-git of a balance, you know?
1213 at 560 WQAM, you know, IRS tax problems every way of destroying your life, man. They take a tool on you financially, physically and emotionally of course.
If you never really forget about those IRS problems as they come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat.
CP-18, the buck walled in the buck wall tax firm can up end your IRS problems forever and give you back some peace of mind.
That's why other top CPA law firms are further clients too, the buck walled tax firm when they have problems with the old IRS.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all your unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Suppose you have an IRS lien, wage living, opioid taxes and penalties, maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you owe, need time to pay whatever the deal.
The buck walled tax firm can help. They offer free initial consultation, affordable, infurntive fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you never even have to meet with the IRS. The buck walled tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you don't even have to be there.
Call them today, 954-575-2800. That's 954-575-2800, whether you're 10,000 or a million IRS taxes, the buck walled tax firm can help you out.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS knocking at your front door.
Call them today and get the monkey off your back, the three foot helper monkey. Call 954-575-2800.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them today for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and spend on getting to the bill at irsfreedim.com.
Call them today for free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
Call them tomorrow for free no problem at irsfreedim.com and stop sweating and worrying and going into a panic about the IRS.
That's why Cindy I'd like to see some hunky male on your website. It's a well we had Tom Brady on their own actual for a few days
Now I was he was kind of like bent over
Yeah, and we had to take it off of there because our middle-level management people are getting like greatly aroused by it
Yeah, but seriously, I thought would we waste our time doing that?
Who would be wasting their time doing that?
No, no seriously. I mean I could find him and pick him up, but what would be the point?
Yeah, how many how many women and fags do we got listening to this show?
I'm turning man. I'm gonna do that
I mean, you know if the women indicated like a wood right is down in their diaries instead of us leaving us off to hang Cindy
Maybe that we might feel we have the or not like when we take any kind of a pull there's no women on there
So what's the point don't take it personal Cindy unless you want to but the women have abandoned me in the show back at IOD
We used to have about a two-share in women which is not great
But you know was consistently about to sing on this station instead of a two-share. We just got two women
Great
That's it
Andy Las Vegas fashion says oh, yeah, we got this story this other fact
If we get this story from County Georgia, I always love when they fact in did you get that story?
We talked about it yesterday or Monday whatever there was
About evolution into the disclaimer and the things in the textbooks we talked about it at a length
I understand you can't listen I read it all day and most of you have no idea what time the show starts anyway
Let me say it again 11 o'clock. That's a good time to tune in
Because on days like today when Howard bailout at 10 21
No problem for 40 minutes here. We just do filler. We're to fill them, you know, let's see what that's our
right
I think we have to just play it on over the bees where he's in the red states. We have to play like deliverance
Maybe I'll go on by the soundtrack to me. You got it there
Look at any man man man. How is this? Do you live in banjos?
This is the you know the big I know that several of those
I'm in andry and
Forever don't go any great. Oh
Well got to go somewhere don't it
Andy Las Vegas is a great movie
It really so really probably the best acting performance ever by Bert Reynolds other than boogie nights
You are correct, huh? You are correct. No, I'm not really sure which was better
I guess you know Boogie. I see was very good, but this was very good. This movie was great
Bert Reynolds Ronnie Cox John void and Ned baby
We look a pig Ned baby's great. I think underrated actors
I know we've been at pull before but he is got to be one of the most underrated
You know because when you talk about great actors who would have whatever say Ned baby right? Is that right?
Like in network that role he played as Mr. Jensen man
It was it was just phenomenal and the scene where they're sitting in there actually filmed it in the boardroom of IT and C
Wonder largest corporations in the world and they got all the little chairs with the little green lights
You know and he's sitting at the end of that long table and there's Howard Beale sitting at the other end with a pale look at his face
And then he goes to that hole and you will whatever to hell you stuff now I'm getting through the Mr. Beale
Sages the whole story. That's great. I had to be there to see it
Anyway, you will repent
Why me because you're on television dummy you know all the time I never realized
I guess I should that we have this in have chosen you
Preach this Mr. Beale why me?
Your own television dummy. I never knew we had those other yeah, yeah, I love something
I'll be damned you sneak those in there when I wasn't even peaking. I'll be damned
The idiot Vegas says years back
I used to listen to your show when I lived in Tampa been living out here in Vegas since listening to your show daily on the internet nice
Go on Andy my co-workers in my office lug your show to death. I keep the ransom rates coming my friend
It's a no keep I see keep keep the ransom rate. That's another one. We ought to put on a pool. It's a self-serving but looking choice on a pool
What's that right the radio
Change nothing or how do we say that?
Everything's great everything is yeah five all we're fine. It's fine the way it is
Just the way something like that. How do you want to put it on your Josh? I'll leave it up to you
Can you handle it? Yeah, yeah, it's fine the way it is except there
It's up there already that's right how the hell do you do that?
Well, let me refresh here. Okay, let me switch a little with my father my left arm
I'm a bad under the right arm for the earms. It's fat
Let's see I'll find a way there's nobody said that here cuz you just put it on there anyways is
Wegmans is the best your legmans is great. We don't have no Wegmans in Toronto way
But we do have law-blows and dominions dominions just Andy and Vegas. There's nothing like having a great supermarket, you know
You want to thank the yeah, that's an important part of life having a fine supermarket now
They always in like an Amsterdam they got Albert Hine
So I hear Albert Hine is the name of the big department store chain
I'm stood on you better check it out next time you go there, okay when they stop blowing up all them
Mezzan places
When speaking that fire Fox he nights demand for alternative browser
I mentioned this earlier and it's something that a lot of you people ought to check out unless you want to be
Unless you want to be a prisoner of Bill Gates and Microsoft in the Internet Explorer forever
Our George didn't have any idea what Firefox was and I said when it out check it out
Thought you were talking about that bad movie that Clivis but did no and
He checked it out and said I like it and I'm using it right there. How do you like that? I told you
How many times faster than in the Explorer would you say?
It's like instantaneous before you even finish clicking whatever you want to click on here boom there it is boom
Have it has single pop up yet and you won't see any pop up ads no span no hand no
Baloney unlike that press conference yesterday and no viruses either
No, not and it's free
So just do a search for
Either Firefox or Mozilla
Mozilla LLA Mozilla Firefox and just install it takes like about a minute and
And you can compare okay all you people that are still in dark ages within an explorer and those who are using net scape
Oh my god get with it. Okay. Guess what president Lincoln's got a bad headache
When you say that net scape is like in a stone age anymore used to be the third
Now yeah used to be the thing so did like you know the old printing press the old fashioned printing press used to be the thing too, you know and papyrus
Yeah
Remember papyrus is not what Johnny Depp was in that awful movie. I hear that movie wasn't really that bad
I never watched the papyrus of the Caribbean. Uh-huh his performance was good the movie was a week. Yeah, yeah
I don't I don't understand that. Oh, yeah
No, I have to see movies like that where somebody gave a great acting performance up at O Park racing and poker as all the gambling action
You can ever want located just a half mile from both on the five-and-a-turn fight
Compatible Park is easy to get to invest of all
Compatible Park offers your free admission and free general parking each and every day
Live harness racing in the poker room is open tonight every Wednesday Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon
It's open right now goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 725 every Wednesday Friday and Saturday
The poker room features German action with special Texas hold them in seven cards stud tournament starting at noon for all you
Studs tonight
Compatible Park is thanking everybody who helped support the passes of amendment four
With a special cake cutting ceremony after the fourth race and all day and night today race programs draft beer hot dogs
So there's box seats and more just 50 cents a piece you can find that on the floor
Compatible Park also open every day seven days and nights a week for a simul casting with the best and harness
Thorebred and the high-end action fall across North America for you to watch and wait you run and by the way Ian from a
Which my close friend over there at Woodbine
$30 horse with Randy Wapel's last night didn't give me that one in your sweetheart. Oh my god
I watched it on the racing network. I wanted to cry this Saturday November 13 is $10 for $20 a night when fans can pay
$10 in cash and get $20 in Pompat O'Farflight to spend all night on food and drinks
Pompatible Park harness just a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race schedule called 954
972
2000 or go online at Pompatopark.com
Pompatopark plunge your guts out 725 post-time two nights
You
Know that the Lord even loves you Rogers. It's new and it's at Burger King
Godfather Trull G-Action figures. They're fun for the whole family collect all 10 mob action figures with each
Whopper fries and super large drink and that's a super large drink. No exceptions
Get sunny in a favored garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or
Get the boat brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth. Wow
Isn't that great impress all your friends with the John himself?
I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures remember it's only business and it's a
Third or King and your ticket is great personal 1246 at 560 WQA and mad dog at 2 to Humber a 4 who is gonna slice up some
Blownie for in servant on rye. That was a great line Humber. There were slicing up the Blownie and serving it as fast as they could at that
Press conference yesterday that sums up in a nutshell baby. It was crap man non-stop BS
Well, I decided to step aside. Yes step aside my ass. Okay, Mr. Ray toady you're out you're out sweetheart
Here's a fast from a mic who says can you go back to ripping low?
I mean what's the point he's not really more right? What's the point? That's the wasn't he's old news
I'll be on next Wednesday for like two hours. I mean is it worth really our wasting valuable air time to air huh?
At least some of the bits
What is it say at least some of the moments a little more often? Well the problem with that is that most of the moments that we had the good ones
We can't play anymore for a hit. Yeah, can't rape them anymore. It's funny that it can't do anything anymore any more
How about the one the parody of the son of Garfunkelson can't remember the name?
What's that mall with the mother and shower? Yeah, the ginger and more reunion fat chance for that man
All that talks about is yeah rapin this one and rapin that one are you crazy man?
You just Mike is a nape of honest and sorry Mike
He's a repressed and of course to be an over-the-rood naples
Maybe if you want to hear all those great bits again go there and knock on the door at
Beasley Broadcasting until Joyce you want to hear the good stuff. Okay, and quit being such an uptight bitch
Rich and Tamerak says rich which rhymes with bitch
You learned on w.i.nz
The talk radio doesn't change the world help us deal with its austerities and make us laugh
It's this fun and games as to ask that's all rich once he wants as to
ask
Follow me
Matter of fact speaking of uh-huh, sure speaking of ass to ass
You
You
I know that I got it here too matter of fact
You got it my hand right now
That's a little bit yeah a little bit down maybe something more off feet like that
I
Who wasn't a said they didn't like that movie was a McGill
No, it wasn't me. It wasn't given it wasn't they go who wasn't I don't know it was it wasn't they go you're wrong
Boy you're full of crap the audience will guarantee I remember this like
There's a whatever you want to say no, that's not true. He said he said he didn't get him
Get everything of the girl it doesn't matter how much you rip him he will admit it whatever it is
But listen, I remember it. I saw that gaslight thing. Okay. All right Charles boy in English the Bergman
I'm telling you right now was Miguel to talk about a dog
Requiem for a dream. He didn't like it. I didn't get it. Hey Miguel. Why don't you like that movie?
Okay
See you see you two embarrassed to admit it now you say he'll admit to anything but in this case he never has never he has never never
We don't admit to anything no matter how embarrassing or how much well and who the hell was it that said they saw it
I didn't like it. Oh, maybe it was your buddy be your boy good. It's around back in the day, huh
That could have been it. It'll it'll probably I don't think it was him either as much as I'd like to well who the hell was it then somebody in that place
So they saw they didn't understand it was a strange Scott
Strange Scott's gonna watch Requiem for a dream. Why not he doesn't need to see it. He's living it
Okay, especially all them pills. They were popping okay
Absolutely
Anyway, let's take a few calls okay because the audience where I wanted to lighten up a little bit
They don't want to get heavy due because it's any pressing movie anyways a great movie
Requiem for a dream you need to see it desperately. Okay. It's one of the all-time greats
I don't care what anybody says including Miguel. He didn't like it
WQAM hello
You do
WQAM hello
Okay, not there. WQAM hello
Neil how are you okay good? I just wanted to do just to just to tell you about a couple things real quick about
Congratulations for us going forward to getting their slot machines, but I think they're gonna have to wait
Probably in Pennsylvania
Right now that they're still waiting for the for the senators and for everybody to
To go ahead and put in the slot machines because they're all waiting to get their little cut of them
So I think the same problem up there in Pennsylvania is now going to be happening down here now because they already got their cuts
The states already got its cut. It's in writing so that's not gonna happen in Florida in fact in January
They're gonna pass the enabling legislation in March
They're gonna have the referendum in date and brown and by October we're gonna have some slot machines up and running
So you don't think any of the senators at all in instead of Florida one any kind of piece of it because they never do you understand?
It's already in writing where the money is going
There's nothing to debate. That's why the people who are the proponents that it's a smart way
They put it all in writing first and he signed an agreement where all the money is gonna go to education. It's all spelled out
Okay, why don't stuff?
Okay, see if the see if pump it out see it Gulfstream see it called her see it highlights
See if the door track ocean to say that get them doggy people are gonna all whipped up. Oh, Neil. We thought you loved dog
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m
I'm keep violent w.w.w.a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? You have a good idea for a quicky poll for you for tomorrow actually I can't get credit for you came up with it
It's just all the audience and see if they're from blue states or anything
I don't think we should ask if they're from there. How about yeah, it's okay
If they were born or we're showing from a lot of people will do a two-part poll on the blue one
We'll do is you you have a blue state mentality or a red statement telling and then we'll do one where you find out where they're from
There you go. Excellent. Thanks, Polly
Happy birthday and thanks. How do you like that? That's good red states blue states
Yeah, although you know how they're gonna answer that first poll idea
That's okay. We'll just do that one for an hour. Okay. Like we did today
Sometimes a couple of different polls isn't so bad. Okay. I can handle more than one pool in a day
Yeah, I don't want to think about it. Yeah, well I do
5 6 7 0 5 6. You speak out of that. Don't forget. You're oh, you're so
Oh crap, man. You are so full of it
If anybody could even begin to imagine the kind of disgusting
Test things that you've done in your life the kind of stuff that I can't even begin to imagine. Oh god
Good thing they've all been with women though. Well, what difference does that make a lot? You call them women all the difference
Yeah, you call them women in fact, I would be surprised if some of them had a
I would have been but nevertheless
Well, let's see. Travis is I'm so major promoting Firefox
Well, what does that mean since I've long been a fan of the show
But I think you put me over the top if you want to continue your cause. I suggest registering your rg.com for spread Firefox
www.spreadfirefox.com you can put the link on your site
Keep it tell you how many people you've converted to Firefox
The site will be listed in the ranks can be used as a promotional tool for any of our users. Come and let's just show well
Let's do it Eric
Oh, for the fact there forward the fact there. You can really work on it and this is a project too
It says otherwise you just fixing the internet stream first why are you using wmv you're archiving your shows in mp3
Why not use shout test see Travis? I your way you've left me in the dust man. You're way beyond me
It says this way people can't believe it's gonna take a lot of load off your server
Well, there's nothing better than having the lot of your load take it off your server, right?
Especially like a defancy gathering, you know
Or can I handle that trade for you? Oh, okay. No problem. Take a little load, huh?
Take a little off my fanning
Call me I'm gonna take oh you've got the number here
Well, maybe a fast sim is a long Eric and you can call this guy in the bokeh
There's a five six one number, but you can work on it, huh? I'll let Eric in this guy. I hash it out
Yeah, let them well went it down hash it out. Maybe sort of a little hand goes against that
Anything that we have any control over well who knows I already know not now, but once we get off the station. I mean once
You know
Hey, listen you have no idea. I mean just this this I keep thinking of myself
I made some comments yesterday and I'm probably gonna be making more comments because I'm just so aggravated
Would a way that certain people in that place? I don't want to mention Greg reading his underlings there
But you recall there's just a couple months ago
Everything was fine. Oh, we're fine. I wasn't such a good mood and so happy would away things were going
And I was saying hey listen, I'll be more happy. We're standing other two years. I don't need to retire in a couple of years
I mean, this is a piece of cake
And
Everything was looking hunky-dory and everybody was all copacetic and everybody was happy and then all of a sudden
Oh, did Norma say this and all of a sudden all these nervous breakdowns started happening and now
It's like you're on death row and you're like marking off the days on the wall, you know with preola
Of how many more days you've got to be in a prisoner and in fact, I think there was something
Symbolic and you send me that series the prisoner with Patrick McGuin. I think it meant something because that's what I feel like
Number 69
I'd say I feel like taking the number one and a number two every time I think about it
Number one my ass
Yeah, number one my ass. Okay, how's that? I've been said pull coming. Yes
Now that the elections over what I want most of the awarder show is what do we got two hundred and eighty seven votes
Already in this hour back to funding games 97 more politics 52 a 53 of this change like right in the middle of my sentence in its stream
Anything but politics 38. It's fine. The way it is 33 more bedtime stories 33 more crazy callers 31. Hi
fewer callers for yes, the deal in Ron show come on Ron. What do you say?
fewer bedtime stories three no more bedtime stories two and no caller
Solomon De Ume
VBS
Oh, hi general. How can I help you today?
Well, Mr. U had his heart set on showing that thesis
What I understand that but I'm asking you nicely the first time I'm afraid we can't help you
So just one other thing you know my
What's that so I look at your the deal Rogers one to two hour are you waiting for some football
Ben Tune into ESPN game and he gets the whole right after Jesse opens it up. Oh, yeah
ESPN game
Cowboys bears
Vikings
Packers you'll get them all on ESPN game. He's a fire and a sky right here. He'll the sweat
Of course you push your foot snow the passion
Disload him backward
There's ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL on ESPN game
And then everyone's trying to sloppin around down there
And you get
What
ESPN game where there's never a wardrobe malfunction
I don't know where that one came from
Sundays will never be the same
I could give you the last shout out of the Roman candle call your cable operator now and demand the ESPN game
What a deal
Those guys are a good ESPN game now that's a mouthful. Yeah, it looks records
But away Sunday will never be the same sun as banking our game
What about see the sun sent a pool would you vote for an amendment that banned game marriage in the state of Florida
And it's changed the dramatically now. I would say 3809 total responses
Maybe because I alerted the public out there our audience to the fact that this pool was there
Okay, and a lot of our people in our audience like a good pool
No, yes, yes
46.3% with vote in favor of banning game marriage in the state of Florida
51.5% say they would not vote for that
And 2.2% say not sure they want to third like buy curious
They want to buy it and then they'll try it
Speaking of that if you're curious so I enjoyed Miguel and Volker bride today
Five to seven in Georgia. Tell you stories about protest things. He's done some of the slots that he's a hot done over the years
Five to seven to seven happy hour treasure island located off the Palm, that would just north of the 100
Especially Montana would imagine just north of the 120 second street exit stuff
I did check out this week's feature
Seven am and the straight shooter. He's the female Peter North to win prizes. Ain't she?
She's well kind of an arc kind of sort of oh an arc. I wonder if Noah's got something to do with it
Anyway Doug Thompson and you're a very favorite website capital hill blue. I like Doug Thompson man
He's a my kind of guy. No BS with this guy
He says ash cross reign of terror comes to an end and it's official now by the way
Jose him and his is the new attorney general
From the time he took the oath of office as attorney general of the USA
John Ashcroft declared war on the Constitution and freedom as we know it in the US
President George W. Bush capitulated to the rabid right wing of the Republican Party by putting Ashcroft
A Bible thumping zealot from Missouri who holds a narrow ultra conservative moralist view of the world
Ashcroft showed his true colors from day one ordering drapes for nude statues in the jess's building in Washington
His brutishness came as no surprise for longtime Ashcroft watchers
As Missouri attorney general asked croft off and put his own extremist beliefs over the law threatening to prosecute businesses who
Open on Sunday even after a state-wide voter referendum overturned the states archaic blue laws that forced retail establishments to close on the seventh day
God, I thought those laws went out with knickers
God's will
Superseeds the law of man Ashcroft declared at the time the Supreme Court of Missouri disagreed
Forth of the season deceased it would be the first of many classes between Ashcroft and the courts of the courts always won
As both attorney general and governor of Missouri Ashcroft compiled a horrendous record on civil rights
Opposing outright desegregation of schools in St. Louis and laws rendered equal rights to women and minorities
Finally Missouri voters had enough throwing then-centered Ashcroft out of office and electing in this place a dead man
Missouri governor Mel Carnahan would died in the plane crash before the election
After his own disputed election is present in 2000 Bush came into right wing pressure and nominated Ashcroft as attorney general
A move that sent shivers down the spot of anyone who invited freedom over his military
Ashcroft immediately set up a large scale campaign against pornography with hundreds of FBI agents lawyers and researchers
Gobbling up millions of dollars in taxpayer funds
Then the terrorist attacks of 9-11 when he returned to Washington Bush assembled a cabinet told Ashcroft
John do whatever you have to do to keep this from happening again. Although you know there's there's a typo here
Can I read it to you the way it's printed okay?
He told Ashcroft should John do whatever you have to keep this happening again
That's exactly what it says you can look it up. It's on our website John do whatever you have to keep this happening again
Giving such car flash to a zealow like Ashcroft was at best a dangerous decision by Bush
Ashcroft immediately went to work on the USA pay through that
Right-dropping set of laws that ignored basic freedoms of the Constitution and gave the federal government broad powers to hold American citizens without
Crosse denied and the rights of counsel and wiretap any person almost it will
Ashcroft in the Bush administration renamed the Patriot Act through a shell-shot congress. So damn sorry they ran the truth
Later most house members and senators would admit they hadn't read the act and even a wits full impact now after realizing the real dangers
Many of those who voted for it initially want to roll back to more serious implications of the law
Even lifelong conservatism you life cropped went too far
former congressman Bob bar, you know, IEL Hitler Jr. with little must-hanger
former congressman Bob bar has the coalition trying to repeal the paper that can prevent a
Second Ashcroft initiative that would give police and the feds even more power to invade the privacy and rights of Americans
And the courts have stepped in a number of times to retail Ashcroft's military
Many of his high-profile arrests or of so-called terrorists have stalled or been tossed out
Legal scholars say the justice department under Ashcroft is ennipped and unable to build cases against those in custody because they own the basics of building your case
And what about Ashcroft's high-profile taxpayer dollar goblin
Goblin anti-pornography crusade to date the justice department is brought 43 cases to trial and lost every one
The most laughable was a high-profile trial against the Missouri couple for selling sex education
Video tapes it took a jury of 12 women all between the ages of 40 and 60 less than three hours to deliver a verdict of not guilty
Sometime in the future when historians are able to assess the record of the Bush administration without the lingering his theory of 9-11
John Ashcroft's tenure as Attorney General of the U.S. may be recognized as a greater threat to freedom than any explosive packed airplane slamming into a building
Ashcroft resigned yesterday by while the tyrant is gone the tyranny of his actions remain as a constant threat to the freedoms we once accepted
As they guarantee in this country. That's from your friend Doug Thompson of Cavalry, who blew that you can't stand
Okay
Good website good guy right down the middle. He doesn't pull any punches. He said that Bush and Kerry both suck and he was right
Okay, let's take a quick peek at that website before we take the calls. We have an appointment for this hour
567 05 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines
Now that the election is over what I want most from the near-order show is
352 votes
Take a look. Are you learning anything from this poll? No. Oh back to front and games under 13. Well, that's number one
With two bullets
Right more politics 58 see it's it's like uh, we're stuck in between the hard-ass people
I want us to do light bulb radio and we're gonna say it to world and we got it you know that
And those people just want to like to get a few laughs now especially how depressing last couple weeks have been
Especially last week. Oh brother
And would you go today? I woke up in Wednesday morning last weekend felt like I'd been kicked in the stomach by Harry Elephant
Good thing my dad. I showed up
Back to yeah, they got a little handful for it and then they also got some bi-ox if that doesn't work
Back to front and games 113 more politics 58
I find a way to 51. That's climbing up the ladder. Oh, thank God for those people who want to lick my cheeks
Thank you
Anything but politics 43 more crazy collar 37
Speaking of pro-zac
More bedtime stories 33
No collar seems to be starting to make a little bit of a move five fewer collars five
See no collars and fewer collars had those together and you got 10 already
It's not like a you know like a big movement, but
Fewer bedtime stories for and no more bedtime stories three
So I guess that little Julio your friend who's sitting there with his boy friends in that big circle around the adjurks
He may be in the minority. They don't mind as my maybe he's a kind of Miguel who'd hated the Requiem for a dream
And you know something I know I know that you're wrong because he was he was working the show of one day
Way this way back when last year
And he told me he didn't like the movie you're wrong. I'm not wrong. You're very rough. I'll be talking about it. We talked about it
He's like a copy he loved it
Well, who now am I thinking out? I don't know
Don't know there was someone I know who it might be because he didn't like it because he probably can understand it great. Yeah
Well, maybe if he'd just explained it to him
What's part?
No part where he had a big purple thing on his arm
Tinky wiki
Oh man
Poor Jura leave a man he and Jennifer and I I still say she was so anorexic in that movie
Uh, you see I don't want to go through it. I've been through it before there's no hope
You know there are a lot of people who are very desperate and I understand that and you know whatever see a little glimpse of something
Oh, you know, they get all whipped up a new friends
You might as well see a little bit for something that looks good and get excited about it
Something looks like you know like a shadow of what it really was. She does the hotspot is the movie. What a seat for her
Oh, she I love Jennifer Connley. She's great and she is hot
But in that movie she was like a little
But
Ah, in fact that one scene there really there was so little of her life
It wasn't really so much as to ask it was cheek to cheek you know is in one
WQAM. Hello. It's your one ten appointment. Yes, sir right on time very punctual good job. I just two words on XM radio
Is that true? Oh, yes
Is it? Oh
Okay, what is that supposed to mean XM readers the trouble? Where did I come from? I don't know. Maybe that's what we go on here
Is there XM? What do you think? What broth is more I would have had huh? Huh?
What did you say I would just love it. Oh XM is atrocious. I thought XM has more subscribers than Sirius. I have no idea
Maybe that was one of the guys from Sirius. Well, let's see. Let's start debating it two million
Somebody QAM. Hello
Oh, yes, sir. Hey George is George? No
Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey Neil, I got a promo for you a promo for the homo. Yeah
Listen to Neil and never let your leave your friends behind
That's him. That was cute
I'm like, oh TN. Oh, and everything. Yeah, get the whole Symphony Orchestra there. Maybe now we're cooking
Yeah, let's get this election crap behind us. Okay, so it was fixed. It was rigged. Believe it or not
Whatever you want to believe it's over and nothing ain't gonna change
Democraser rolling over again spread near legs. Yeah, they love it. They thinking right presently funny
But they think it's fun. They think it's you know, they're so used to it at this point
567 or 560 we got a whole bunch of appointments between now and two o'clock by them. We're gonna model it. We get like 2030,000
Because very few of the people on the floor saying fewer calls and no calls how many people say like more crazy colors 37 C
Which show the more calls you take no color six fewer colors only five today bedtime stories
I got a great big times to read evangelicals are crediting God with securing reelection victory for Bush
They've got intervene. I'm gonna read that. Who along they credit, huh? Who else would they credit?
Oh God
Not me. Let me say it again. We're very proud. We are pink and proud like a like the NBC peacock
And that is that all the listening areas where this show is heard loud and queer
Carry one. He hands down your pants by landslide
If we would have been like on Sirius Revex and before the election we could have been dangerous
We could have been a factor. Okay. We could have been the fear factor
And then they would have feared us
Right? What could the impact we had on amendment four on this show?
We could have made some inroads because the people there in Ohio and some of those other red states weren't
Previous news because there's a busy watching propaganda on CNN and Fox and MSNBC where you don't get the MS
They ought to take the MSNBC. Okay, because they sure don't give you the MS
They had some they had some fake around here or that was on Lou Dobbs last night on CNN
Given a song of Nancy Wilson book about Scalia who never stole a freight train and stuck it up to oh
Yeah, well if we have a lot more justice as large Scalia inference Thomas so things will be great
In the anazzi state some crap like that. Hey, Lou Dobbs you ain't kidding anybody. Okay. You fascist big you egotistical pompous ass
And by the way I still think Miss Hummers in the closet
self-hating you know
113 to 560 WDQ and you want to know more about following a low carb diet
You want the best tasting biggest likes and low-carb foods at the best price then here's a story
You will love your auntie and I'll bet you great life on it
You like the West Booker whether you're starting or restarting the addkins the sugar buster is the South Beach any
low-carb sugar free dot
Sam gets choked up about it. Oh
Man, he likes has always been the number one low-carb store
Florida
You know how I'm getting shoved up about it. What I'm thinking there's more rangs and we'll kill you
No, they're good. They taste better some of them are loaded with no you sure
Anyway, if you want your question jansi by people in a low carb diet again side and out if you want the best in service
Unbeatable prices come to be the lights. I was talking your low-carb headquarters
We'll find over 1200 delicious tasty products and a light carbolite ice cream
Brad's pasta chocolate brownies cookies and more open every day seven days a week from 10 in the amtl 10th
The end you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market
Remember Boston market sure
I remember them column toll-free
Delights that is in 1877 low-carb its L.O.W
CaRb you're on the web. It's low-carb.com and don't forget there was only one Delights West bookets your official addkins retail center
Regional
Another terrorists right coming into the country
It's got the verdict and we went to lame
Now how I wish I had not born my turban
Cause they sent the old way
I converted many years ago
That's when I changed my name from cancer
Now the terror is I am on cause my last name is Islam
That's why they sent my butt right back
Oh, I don't know the terror is light
Has been into rough pain
Nobody wants to feed me on our veins
I didn't even try to light my shoe
This ain't no peace train
Oh, this ain't no peace train
This ain't no peace train
I'm not a satan who's saying
Oh, my shoe is not in flames
This ain't no peace train
Abu Garret, we don't have al-Sama yet
We don't have al-Zarqawi, we don't have mullabula Omar
We don't have any of these glam
But the fact of the matter is we got cancer
We sent it back where it came from
Our case, first 20 visits a year
He won't kill anyone again
That's right, when I was awful songs
Hey now, evangelicals are crediting God
With securing reelection victory for Bush
I'm gonna raise it
And it's a little bit long, I'll re-along
It's just like I was just left sitting
Oh, I'm not a way to move me, he didn't like with magnolia
That's right
Right? Right
So if he did anyone else, I'll leave
Now it comes out
Now the truth finally comes out
You've been denying, you try to make up that story
You didn't like the ending
Yeah, the fact of the matter is you didn't like the movie
I like the movie
So you didn't hate it
Lire
You should have been that press conference yesterday
Slice into the baloney
Anyway
That I, as I was gonna read this by Deborah Colwell
On a great website, by the way, Boudifnet
Boudifnet.com
Did God intervene, asks Deborah?
On the day after President Bush was re-elected
He gave much of the credit to his political advisor, Carl Rove
whom he called the Architect of his campaign
But in evangelical churches on Christian radio
and in voter precincts dominated by conservative Christians
The credit is going instead to summon a whole lot more powerful
God
The almighty intervened in the U.S. election
These evangelicals believed through a law
Bush remained a president
They say God is blessed America with Bush
And had Senator John Kerry been elected
God would have cursed the U.S
By allowing Bush to be re-elected
God has given America more time to stop its slide in the evil
This was Providence evangelical leader and presidential adviser Chuck Colson told belief net
Anybody looking at the 2000 election would have to say it was
A miraculous deliverance
And I think people felt it again this year he said
By allowing Bush to stay in office Colson said
God is giving us a chance to repent
and to restore some moral sanity to American life
I wonder if he was still behind bars when he was saying these things to Colson
Richard Land
The leading Southern Baptist who participates in a weekly strategy call
between the White House and evangelical leaders put it this way
Whoever one would have been God's will
But because Bush won, Lord, told belief net
God has clearly shown America his blessings
If Kerry had won it would have proved God was cursing the U.S.
The Bible says God-led leadership is a sign of God's blessings
and a lack of God-led leadership is a sign of God's judgment too
I don't think he is a God-led leader he said
Meanwhile the Amshas Paul Weirich thunder the free Congress Foundation
and one of the original engineers of the conservative Christian political revolution
wrote an essay claiming that God gave this president and this president's party one more chance
God heard the fervent prayers of millions of values voters to keep his hand on America one more time
Despite our national sins of denying the right to life
Despite ignoring the biblical injunction against acts which are an abomination unto the Lord
and despite the blatant attempt to remove God from the public square
Jim Rogers of the group Mission America sent out an email that after the election saying
Yesterday America cried out and he heard from heaven answered our prayers
Praise God
Plenty of ordinary American evangelicals also believe that by allowing Bush to be re-elected
God has given the U.S. another chance
For months leading up to the election many Christians nationwide prayed and fasted
in an effort led by intercessors for America to assist in Bush's re-election
He ever heard them before intercessors for America?
No, we're getting it now
A man was Diana Sheen, mother and housewife who led a weekly prayer group at a Pennsylvania church
whose sole task was to pray about the election
For forty didn't do the good Pennsylvania I guess
For forty days ending on November 2nd she also participated in a no sugar fast
On election day sounds like the Atkins to me
On election day she and paste back and forth reading the Bible in her church
Dov Christian fellowship and if freight a Pennsylvania as part of a round of clock
Forty eight hour prayer vigil for the president his reelection she said was God's signal
That he's giving us more time to get our act together
I think this nation is going down the tubes very quickly she said
Crossed town at a local polling place Republican committee woman Ann May
Ressler said Bush's reelection would mean that God has answered our prayers
And given us another chance
To go kill some people
Ressler said she had been reading the book of Jeremiah which he believes parallels American history
When that nation got so bad the Lord sent them into captivity
Ressler explained we've done an awful lot of things in this country that are displeasing to God
Now that God has given America extra time from which to be spared his wrath
Evangelical skills emergency to buckle down God's business
This is why for example a group called Christian responses already sent on an email
With a subject line emergency to induce supporters to blast Capitol Hill with faxes condemning senator Arnaud
Arlin's specter the Republican Pennsylvania senator who said last week
They judicial nominees who oppose abortion would face difficulty getting Senate confirmation
The family research council and focus on the family followed with an hours with emails entitled Stop Specter
Many evangelicals that come here secular and decadent and in cultural decline
Their rule they believe is to stand that title renew the culture
Many of these Christians seem to believe that God will be angry with them and with the entire nation
If they don't make big legislative changes and so they put themselves on a short leash with God
And they hope to convince other Americans to do likewise
God is not going to tolerate the nation that thumbs its nose at him Colson says
This whole idea of scrubbing all religious influence out of public life and taking down the ten commandments
And stopping prayer and outlawing people to talk about their faith
For fear of offending someone I don't think God honors that God's patience runs out
Their solutions seem to lie in Bush's presidency
He is one of those men God and fate somehow led to the fore in terms of challenge
Said New York governor George Pataki in a high profile introduction of Bush at the Republican National Convention
And introduction almost certainly scrubbed it not written by the White House
Pataki and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani both said twice that Americans should thank God that Bush was an office after 9-11
During the period after 9-11 Bush talked to being chosen by the grace of God to lead at that moment
According to Time magazine World magazine a conservative Christian publication quoted White House official Tim Gogoline
As saying, I think President Bush is God's man at this hour and I say this with a great sense of humility
Pataki the Christian broadcaster Janet partial told her listeners, God picked the right man at the right time for the right purpose
And General William Jerry Boyky who got in trouble for the regulatory comments he made about Islam
argued that it must have been God who selected Bush in 2000 since a plurality of voters had not
He's in the White House because God put him there for such a time as this
I thought it was a Supreme Court
It seems clear that the president himself believes that God is orchestrating American history
At the 2003 National Prayer Breakfast for example Bush said we can be confident in the ways of providence
Behind all of life and all of history there's a dedication and perpercept by the hand of a just and faithful God
Barry Hankins a historian at Baylor University says these sorts of beliefs arose with the founding of the nation and for a system on certain Christians
There's a strong cultural belief among Protestant Christians that America is a vehicle for God's will
He says if you scratch people enough below the surface there's this belief that providence has a hand in everything that happens in America
And at times like this it comes up because it's in the back of people's minds or hearts
Appearance believe they were establishing the new Israel and that their enterprise was guided by God
That they were God chosen people headed for the promised land
But that metaphorical idea that America was a beacon began to mutate by the early 19th century
It only believes that America was the literal instrument to lead the world transformation to Christian democracy
That's been a powerful idea in American history and it usually lays dormant Hankins says
But at times the language is so powerful that when positive things happen in the eyes of evangelicals
There's a tendency to fall back into that language
The last time this trampled view was common was during the Reagan administration before then it was the Cold War struggle of the 50s
It was very difficult for evangelicals to stop short of saying God was on our side Hankins says
Not all evangelicals by the argument however
Erwin McManus a rising evangelical leader who leads a Los Angeles church called Mosaic
Believes this interpretation short-sighted and isolationist
What we really need to ask is what choices do we make that serve humanity the best to reflect the value system the Bible teaches
How do I relieve the most suffering? How do I do the most good?
How do I give people the best options to live the life they should live? How do I create a culture of life?
McManus a registered independent who voted for Bush says members of his conservative evangelical Bible-centered church
Don't believe God intervened in the election the average age is 25 and they represent 57 nations
They feel embarrassed when they hear language that sounds a lead is because it isn't Christian than McManus says
But that isn't how many evangelicals understand their language they consider it fair warning
Land looks into the Old Testament for proof when God's people were idolatrous and rebellious
He said justice sometimes evil kings and sometimes foreign car conquerors. He says I've said on numerous occasions that if God would allow his chosen people to be taken off into captivity
Don't think he won't judge the US. He said how you like that?
So God gave us Bush okay?
Bush is way to expression from damn him.
I can't say that. God gave us.
Joyce says that.
She's a lady of the cloth and you know what you can do with that cloth?
You turn 28 after 1 at 5 60 WDQA and if you're carpeting looks like maybe a few of those got dropped on there
Maybe they did maybe Fido have a little bad stomach or maybe who God only knows what's in that carpeting speaking of God
Thrive concepts is the place you want to call to sanitize your home because you're carpeting like I always tell you
Next year's sand fact even more than your sink there's more of bag germs in your carpeting than anywhere in your home
Even your turl it and what comes to having your carpeting your furniture drapery your area and oriental rugs clean and looking and feeling
It's feeling just like brand new nobody anywhere doesn't for like dry concepts
That's why I've used them in my homes for over 20 years and you shouldn't even dream of using anybody else
And just recently there was that expose in the local TV about those 595 rooms game artists and the carpet cleaning business
People are giving you a big solid dance pretend to give you a bargain and then rip you off like crazy and of course on top of it you will craft job anyway
Dry concepts does a spectacular job it looks like they had brand new carpeting late in the floor when they finished
And they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the work no scans no BS just a stupendous job each and every time
Give them a call once you'll never use anybody again I guarantee I've got you a great life on it
And they'd routed in a Palm Beach called ride concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071
On a web at stride concepts.com of course right concepts making carpets brand new looking and clean since 1979 all over South Florida
The theme was very damn absolute this religion was not for me they held a big convention
They were speaking in tongues
They got me believe in
I can't wait from side to side
I can't wait from side to side
The door is now in place, the entire time I come to the beach
I can't wait from ground, whatever I do, will for you me
Oh, now I speak inside, that makes me a very rough rock and I'm having fun
Playing my vagina, I'm a very rough, yeah, I can tell you
We don't feel that best today
What?
Thank you Mr. President for those old gas prices
And for that strong American dollar
Why?
We're gonna have 83.69 a Canadian dollar a couple years ago with where 62% US and outside almost 84%
I think they're doing it just despite me you know?
Bastards
Anyway, Tom and Fort Lauderdale says the Republican Party is sold out to the religious right and unfortunately the rest of us are gonna pay hell for it both in infringements and civil liberties
And reduce personal safety when traveling abroad
Absolutely correct
Because the rest of the world now start to hate Americans like poison
Thank God at least Gaze won't be able to get married that'll be such a comforting consolation while I watch the flag-grade coffins coming back from Fallujah
Oh wait a minute, I almost forgot they won't let the press show that he says
Time to brush off the old slogan, better dead than red, it certainly has been never true or more true
You got it Tom, you got your thumb on it
But you better take that thumb off because Jose Jimenez is watching you now, okay?
Used to be John S. Crop now it's Jose Jimenez
He's dead, isn't he Bill of Dana?
I'm sure he is
Well why do you say that?
Because that's 100 years ago
My name? Jose Jimenez, he was good, he was fine
He didn't say anything else but that's how he said
Kind of like that Dan La Bastard thing on ESPN yesterday when they were like making fun of his wife and they were singing Balu
And I knew see what he got off of there
I think they listened to this show
Right? They listened
Where else was Dan La Bastard referred to in such terms as Lucy and Babanoo, we're only here
A lot of people even drop it on the show
They don't want to admit it except the old Ted David there on CNBC
You know what I was thinking before?
What?
Because it's getting really ponderous, you know, just talking to the same people every single day
I was thinking like taking a full, remember we're going to do a full page ad for whatever the reason was in USA today?
What was that all about?
I forgot
Oh, I went ahead and sent it to the FCC, remember that?
Yeah, more wasting or something
Just take it out and add to promote NeoRigers.com
Okay
Just with it, just with it, just with that, www.neoRigers.com
That's all we have to say
Okay
Is that even the picture of your pussy?
No!
I don't want to picture my pussy
Oh my god, what is all of your...
I'm going to get the grouch of glasses in a big nose and mustache, forget about that
Most seriously, you don't think that's a good idea?
Sure, if I was scared, he could do it all
He could handle the whole thing
I paid for it, how much was it like 5 grand?
I do it
Half page, full page, whatever it would cost
That's all it has to say
Right?
Can you imagine the attention that we get to the zidians of people who would be listening online
Who would discover the website who would be like, be hitting on it every day?
Huh?
Who would be checking out the beaten curtain every day?
Oh right!
There you go, I mean there's so many different things on there
Book of Brothers says, Bill Dana is alive
See, there you go, and you're here and you're like, again, you know, first you tell me that I've known you're sucks
And now you tell me, Bill Dana's dead
He's like, yes sir, or fine, he's still alive?
Yeah!
Yeah
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Yeah, hi, Neil
Yes sir
Yeah, Neil, what if I asked you something, it was an article in yesterday's USA Today
I'm going to be sort about Cass Stevens
He was given an award as the peaceful man of the year
Not that terrorist maniac, man, that's my head
The one in the same, you know
Oh no
Anybody who sings a song about the peace train has to be a threat or a national security train
That's for sure, man, anybody who sings about peace, that's the real terrorist right there, he's trying to throw you off the track
It wasn't really an issue, something Neil and I'm happy something
And I'm being serious, do you feel that you're going to retire or do you think that somebody FTC is going to find a way to take people
Fight yourself, off the air, I mean, are we heading that way?
And I'm really being serious
What do you mean people like myself off the air? How can they take somebody off the air?
Well, I mean, you know, the FTC looks like, you know, the dangerous...
Well, we've wanted to show down so much now that I don't give many opportunity, okay?
We don't even say crap much less take one, I mean, what are they going to find me for now? We don't do anything
Well, you never know that they just change the rules, you know, every day it seems
And then...
You're telling me like, I don't know that?
I know you don't know that
I don't know any of the VAT change rules, but we've got this crazy bitch joys over there in corporate headquarters
If they say jump back to Steph, she jumps back 30
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah, man! Let me ask you one other thing, though, not...
We know who the nervous Nelly she is
We know who they're trying to put through as a new attorney general, but who do you think is going to become the new, you know, what do you call it?
Who do you have to get it stuck down?
Commerce Secretary?
Yes, what do you think about that?
Secretary of Commerce, probably Jim Baker
Not Jim Baker the lawyer, but Jim Baker the Evangelist
You're not your pal, hang in there
Yes, you're my baker, he's good with numbers, right?
Sure
Or maybe he could...
Yeah
Or maybe Miss Kamal when she gets up, she's pretty good with numbers
Young numbers
You're a single new Roger
Excuse me, I'm on 566 A.M.
At UAM
I stand in front of you now
Two years later and say it took me a little while, I'm a little slow learner
But Neil, I apologize
It's a radio
You are the truth
Oh, please!
I'm not a cool head, the number one rated in the Moe Highland and they've been in a showroom today
At least they've been in my ass for ages
You're a lot
They're away from me now, I don't even know how you have children
They're a ball, hello
Yes, I want to take on JP Der
Oh, JP Der, is it great, or did I get a good joke?
I like JP Der, I like it
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary and never-least smooth beatops
Oh, yeah!
He's got to be getting what you see here
Oh, JP Der, thank you more
No, no, wait a minute, don't go
But I have nothing else to say
Oh, about this, I was the weather down there in Mirama
I'm right down the street from you
I have to go
Oh wait, oh wait, by the way, stop
No, no, I have to go
Look, I tell you what, I'll hold you all the time, break, house that
I'll give you one of my old tantations, house that
Bye bye bye
No way, truth
That's the only color we have
The things on your nose is glowing again
The door is on the door, it's on the door
The door is on the door, it's on the door
The door is on the door, it's on the door
The door is on the door, it's on the door
You sat there with your face
And you know that I can say
And around those holes and symbols
You saw my eyes
And you go looking down here as you see
A road not above your door seat
Yes, I can see sun
Way to sight, sight, sight
I know it's glowing, something stays
Almost every day I see
There are my veins, but then they start that tickle
I had the noise, and you'd always have the noise
Yeah, I'd hold back on all of our backs
And because of the 20-year-old father
And I know that's real
With my old face
And I know that you have the same
And I know that you are still
And I know that you're still there
I know that you're still there
I know that you're still there
I know that you're still there
I know that you're still there
I know that you're still there
146, I had nothing to do
And bad news though, I had to Scott Peterson trial
As if we're supposed to care which we are, but I don't
Jury number five has been dismissed now
You know which one that is?
That one
That was the one that was picked to replace the other jury
And it was dismissed and out Jury number five has been dismissed
Does anybody care?
No
Man, you see you crazy people in the media
You thought with the OJL deal, you could milk everybody
These deals that comes up, there's milk in them, make them in
That was alien, you know
There's only one problem with this
I don't care how many panels there were king puts on a year
I would nasty that bitch grace when I fully suddenly draw
Nobody cares except a few shut-ins, you know
This is a few shut-ins and housewives
No, but you care?
No
Josh, you care about Scott and Lacey Peterson?
Boo, exactly
I care more about like Paul Peterson
And more Paul Peterson?
My dad, remember that?
Well, too bad, my dad
528 votes, now that the election is over what you want, what I want most of the near-wide your show is
Back to fun and games, 151
All right
It's fine the way it is, 121, let's make it a move
More politics, 71, gets serious now, serious
Just keeps saying that, serious
Speller right
Anything but Paul of the 63, more crazy colors like Ron
Hi, hi
57, more bedtime stories, 41, a lot of that pun was reading man, we want more
No colors, 11, fewer colors, 5
Fewer bedtime stories, 5 and no more bedtime stories, 3, C-so Law, Miguel Santa Minority
They want bedtime stories, I like them
Well, you like it because I don't know why you like it
Because they're interesting
Because I read them so well, right?
Because I don't know if I'm humble and plumpy and hum, if you read them I don't have to
I see
Now this thing, you just text me here, here's another America, I can't even say I can't even say it, which is really
One because I'm tongue tied from it
Another example of America's lost its way
The headline on this story from Corvallis Oregon
Trojans come from behind against beavers
How do you like that?
What's the guy I don't even know is what's going to happen next, this is only about football
And broad daylight I'm sure
Trojans come from behind against beavers my ass
Man
Dominique Bird, oh that makes it even worse
Dominique Bird caught two touchdown passes and Reggie Bush, this can't be for real, this is gotta be a lot of fun
I've found it
Dominique Bird caught two touchdown passes and Reggie Bush returned to punt 65 yards for a score
As the top-ranked Southern California Trojans came from behind against the beavers of Oregon state
Supposed to 28 to 20 win, that is the most unbelievable, I told you that sport is about to progress
Did I say that?
That is disgusting, what the hell is God going to think about that?
Dude, God
Right, how's Orlando doing?
What are here we're going to look for this boyfriend, so many closet cases and so little time
Maybe he can run for governor of New Jersey
So his people up there in Union City that they go, it's a big WQA and hello
Hey, how are you doing, Neil?
All right, Pally
I'm good and going
Great, I got two things for you
First of all, I know I'm going to get the laugh on this but it's as normal to you
You're doing nothing about maybe getting you over there as serious
Has he done anything?
Yeah, I mean, at least he inquired about it
Do you remember in the Godfather after Santino got the shot on the Causeway?
Yeah
In Tom Hagen was sitting there talking to him and telling him that the son he just got shot on the Causeway
And Don Corleone gives that, I want all inquiries made, remember that?
Yeah
All inquiries are being made
Really?
Yeah, he's making a great queries
All inquiries are being made, next they are
The other thing is, they're in the commercial flipping around
I come across that other speech, of course, and they go into that
What other station is that?
You know, like the sports channel
So they go into that
Yeah, they go into that corny music like they got a breaking news and they come up with the, uh,
The Dave Wanks that story and he goes, there's a new sheriff in town
Oh, boy
And I was like, okay, I listen and he goes, but the criminals are wearing all the same uniforms
Oh, but I thought it sounds pretty simple, I didn't know who's that, Dan LaBaster around those guys
The only thing they got is your Roseman, it's all they got, they have nothing else
No doubt, hey, no, they came with a little twerp, a little twerp where Craigman or Vini, he's a weeny, I mean, forget about him
He's got no, no following, he's got nothing, he brings nothing to the table
I can't wait to hear all those bitch, those dirty, bitch on, uh, serious
Okay, pal, that's our slow-battery 2004, get serious
Well, what's all happened to his phone there? I think, huh?
Did you hear that? Yeah
Wow, that was exciting
Yeah, all encorities have been made and of course, you know, I'm examining my, uh, options
Right? Stocks and adoptions
That is correct
Jerry Falwell plans for evangelical revolution, now do you like that?
I wouldn't be surprised if he gets that thick and tinky wink you off of you
You're listening to the evil, evil Roger's, it's collusively un-fifishable
You're listening to the evil, yeah
I'm like, yes, I don't think I've said I'm not worried about a son of in-line
That's kind of one of those exaggerations
Of course you're worried about a son of in-line
We're on the hunt after a son of in-line, we're using every asset out of this puzzle to get a son of in-line
I don't know where he is
Nora, you know, I just don't spend on this timeline
I don't really be honest with you
And, you know, again, I don't know where he is
I, uh, I, I, I repeat what I said, I truly am not that concerned about him
