That the Lord even loves you Rogers.
When your a student I will give you a better than your reading.
I will give you a better than yours.
But we like about it best.
I found no boys in wear of a dress.
I will give you a better than yours.
I will give you a better than your reading.
I will give you a better than yours.
We have no boys that can score with a driver cap to make friends living.
I will give you a better than yours.
I will give you a better than yours.
I will give you a better than yours.
I will give you a better than yours.
you Papárasu Piquosa, His desafakes, and Dog and Dog,
Y Exchange's better than yours.
I will give you a better than your reading.
I will give you a better than yours.
We have ancyndi-jelly baby baby can't enter our pates in gas,
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
I'm tired of you.
I'm more supportive of you.
Like polar blushes, you are useless.
My religion is better than yours.
Oh, I...
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to memory lives of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Oh, oh!
We don't want to use our brains for mindless living,
so great!
My religion is better than yours.
Alright, so let's go to the competition.
Let's see who we're going to kill today.
1041, 19, before 11.
Let's go to Chop Chop Square and do a remote, what do you say?
Alright.
Here's for the mad dog.
Oh, right!
That's quite a story of very jackass has in the heraldous morning,
which we'll get to momentarily for those of you who are smart enough not to read the herald.
I guess our program director and operations manager need a one of them read the herald
because they were both like clueless, more so than usual this morning,
when they came in for their cameo appearances.
Pretty sad.
Oh, I didn't get to see that.
What...
And like I told a clearance man, you guys are such a pair of liars that's unbelievable.
He kind of admitted it, didn't he?
Uh, no.
He did.
Okay.
He didn't?
He said a little bit.
He said if it grows any longer, it's going to be embarrassing and his nose too.
1781 votes on yesterday's poll, do you support the battle on initiative that would allow slot machines, slot machines?
Oh my god.
It's a bit of a pair of mutuals.
A little life injected in a soft floor to like maybe something living and breathing, huh?
What do you say?
And the audience said, sure, no problem.
Why not?
1781 under votes.
Yes, we need the money for education, which is where it's slated to go.
838.
47% on that one.
Yes, it would be great for tourism, another 567.
31.8%.
That's 78.8% of this is due to fun and go-to-hell audience, man.
That's where we're all going to...
We're going to be all seeing that lake of fire.
They will have a great time.
They will have a cookout.
Bring the marshmallows.
So that's 78, almost 79%.
I have no clue.
161.
That's 9%.
Just, uh, just goofballs.
You don't know what anything's all about.
They don't get out of the house too much.
No way.
I have enough gambling already.
149.
8.3%.
And no gambling is evil.
66.7%.
66 gambling is evil.
It'd be bad.
And let's go down to 7.11 and buy some lottery tickets.
What do you say?
Let's get that lottery going.
The biggest sucker bet that ever came down the fight.
And hardly an enthusiastically supported by both Harold and the Sun Semmel, by the way,
who are just death on any former casino gambling.
Because, uh, you know, a lot of it extracts the money very, uh,
casually from your wallet.
Right.
Lightly lifted.
Right.
They rob you lightly as opposed to those casino is that just you just keep pouring it in there and plunging your guts out.
Until the bell start ringing and you win like 5 grand.
Legendary filmmaker Russ Meyers dead.
Oh boy, that's bad news now.
We probably have some punks out there.
You got it.
We don't know who Russ Meyers, which is really sad, because you're really missing out.
Right.
Russ Meyers, who helped spawn the skin flick with sex films as fast or pussy cat kill, kill, and Vixen as died he was 82.
Meyer died Saturday this home, but the news, the good news takes a little while to get down the pike.
Meyer died Saturday this home in the Hollywood Hills, California.
According to his company, RM Films Inc.
Spokeswoman Janis Cowert said Meyer had suffered from dementia and died of complications of pneumonia.
He suffered from dementia.
Well, that was nothing new with him.
I don't think he had that.
He had that cooking for a long, long time.
Meyer's films were considered pornographic in their time, but are less shocking by today's standards,
with their focus on violence and large, busted women.
All right.
But little graphic sex.
Although he produced directed finance, wrote Ed and Shotley's 20th Fums, including his debut, the Amoral Mr. Tees.
Mr. Tees in 1959, and the 1968 film Vixen of Successor and Him noticed from major studios.
He went on to direct the major studio release Beyond the Valley of the Dolls, which is co-written by film critic Roger Ebert, that queen.
In 1996, interview with the AP Meyer described his films as Passion Plays, viewed against something that's totally evil.
Meyer was unapologetic for his movies, arguing the on-screen female nudity, put customers in theater seats.
He maintained that women liked the films.
The girls kicked the hell out of the guys.
He said, I've always played well with the Ivy League, Cornel Dartmouth.
I never encountered a be raiding woman.
Meyer's work made him richer and in critical acclaim.
He was honored to international film festivals.
His movies were discussed in college courses. His work was shown at top museums.
His 1966 classic, Factor Pussy can't kill, kill about three hip-go-go girl cub dancers,
who go on eventual murder spree against the men who did them wrong, still makes the art house rounds.
The film is not to regulatory to women, Meyer said.
There were three tough trophies to deal with. Besides, they get what's coming.
He married three times his studio said he left no survivors.
That's the best way.
Leave no survivors.
Just spend every time you got and then go kind of like it to a state of dementia like Florida, for example.
Go a little bit like that and then just croak and that's it.
Nice going there.
Russ?
But I say all the Williams is on our website today.
On Behind the Beated Curtain, when John Ascroft is taking a jaundice view of things,
looking down at that totally nude view, I think he's enjoying it when he comes right down to it.
He probably got the biggest collection of porno ever on the face of the earth.
Just like the Catholic Church, you know what a bunch of immigrants are.
Always the crying and denying it.
It's well known that the Vatican has the largest collection of pornography anywhere in the universe.
For research purposes.
Of course.
Well, a whole lot of that.
I do something in a good life.
That's it interrupt, but before I forget, just become aware of possibly the most political, politically active, politically correct website that I've encountered lately.
Second only to neorodgers.com.
Yes.
No more Bush girls.com.
Really?
Yeah.
That's patriotic.
You'll want to stand up and salute.
I'll be damned.
Is this something of pornographic?
Yeah.
Well, good.
Excellent.
So we probably ought to put a link to it on our behind the scenes.
I think we will.
Okay.
In the meantime, Vanessa Williams not to be confused with any other Vanessa Williams.
This one, of course, let's see, Born March 18, 1963 in the Bronx, which makes her 31, 41.
Right?
41.
Okay.
Johnson Family Vacation 2004 and guess who she played in that movie?
herself?
Right.
Keep the Faith Baby TV movie WW3 2001, Divas Christmas Carol Shaft, Don Quixote, Courage to Love, Lighted Up Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland, Future Sport, Dance with Me, Soul Food, Hoodle of the Odyssey, Eraser, Vi-Burdy.
It made for TV.
Nothing lasts forever.
Score with Chic-Yo.
Who was in Vi-Burdy?
Paul in, I believe.
Wasn't it?
No.
Or was it one of the, I don't know.
Jackson's an American Dream, an American Nightmare stomping at the Savoy, Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man, and it goes on a whole bunch of stuff.
There she is, Stark naked as a joker, Vanessa L Williams, not to be confused with any many, many other Vanessa Williams' right?
Now here is the article of the century and thank you Fat Little Tub, Very Jackass, okay?
Little couch potato, Very Jackass.
If we want to know what's going on at WQM, do we ask Gregory?
No.
Do we ask Duff Lindsey?
Do we ask Terrence Dero?
Oh God forbid, what a joke that would be.
Because they'll either pretend they know nothing or they'll just lie through their teeth.
Or both of the above.
Very Jackass writes this morning in a herald, Mandage Quits Channel Tensho, and by the way, I guess he talked about this for two hours yesterday on his entire show, before we get to that.
The most important part of this story, which may be a little unknown information up until now, is about the Humber.
Make a little light at the end of the tunnel for the fat hut.
And for the rest of us too, our praying.
Just praying.
Just like the grasshopper and the praying mattress were rubbing our hind legs together, just praying that he comes back and we get things else straightened out there.
And that mow goes on into the bull pan.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Anybody's got the bull, it's the moman.
W.Q.M. General Manager Greg Reed said he will meet this week with Talk Show host Hank Goldberg.
The first thing he's going to say, Hank is going to say that Greg is...
Hey, stop it!
...their first contact in Goldberg was suspended August 3rd for comments about Marlon's owner Jeffrey Loria's marital situation.
Although Reed declined to say that Goldberg will return, he could be on the air back soon if the meeting goes well.
The offensive announcer Howard Moe Howard-David did a...
Continuous filling in for Goldberg, including the saxonone.
At four, right after the mad dog.
Now, speaking of the mad dog, he is the man, you know what?
This story here is exactly why people from coast to coast from pillar to coast respected mayor and cover his goods.
W.Q.M. Talk Show host in Dolphins, analyst Jim Menditz quit his part-time gig as a Channel 10 commentator yesterday.
After a disagreement with station management about no joke, what kind of beer he drank?
Menditz said he received a call earlier in the day from director, news director Bill Pahovie Channel 10.
According to Menditz, officials from Presidente, the spots of Channel 10's Monday edition of Sports Day in Live were offended that Menditz was drinking Hynagons at Shulestake 2 after Monday Show ended.
Hynagons?
The program originates from that restaurant.
Now, again, that's the part that really gets me.
In other words, it wasn't that he was drinking it on the air.
He was drinking it after the show ended.
Menditz said he told Pahovie, you tell those guys from Presidente to kiss my ass.
Menditz said he was so angry with Pahovie's call that he says you could have fried an egg on my face.
I told him, I think your show stinks, although I think he probably said sucks.
I don't want to be a part of it anymore.
Is there any part of that message you don't understand?
That is the mad dog.
Right there.
That sentence right there that is definitive, right? That's him.
That's it.
Pahovie said he told Menditz, I'm not going to tell you what kind of beer to drink, but if we could appease a client, that would be a professional thing to do.
Added channels in General Mangler, David Boylan, you don't put on a jetster as he in the often locker room to the Presidente people, Shulestake 2 is the locker room.
Hynagons had the first writer fusel on the show they opted not to renew at no time to Presidente demand Jim Menditz drink their beer.
Boylan said he would like Menditz to stay with Channel 10.
I have the highest regard for Jim. He says I would like to keep him as part of the show.
I also respect Presidente's wishes. It seems a little bit of immaturity going on here.
I regret Jim's response would be to walk.
Well that's because he's got a big pair and he isn't going to take any craft from anybody, any beer company, any little funky program director, or news director.
And it's our mad dog, which is why he's loved and famous from coast to coast like I said. Right?
He's a man.
Nice going there, mad dog.
Now, and let's get to today's poll now.
Okay, before we do anything else.
Okay.
I think this is one of my most masterful polls of all time.
And what fantastic timing too. Nice going Neil. Thank you.
Today's poll on NeilRodgers.com when you're through viewing Vanessa Williams at length.
Who's gotten the screwed worst at WQAM?
Now we could have put some other names on here if we'd said who's gotten the screwed most at QAM.
But another poll.
So that's another poll now.
We're holding that poll for later on, so to speak.
So screwing it and make this one.
Who's gotten the screwed worst at WQAM?
We got a nice list of 10 here.
Hank Goldberg, Joe Rose, Jeff DeFo DeForest, Neil Rogers, Mohawar Davida.
Joanne Mark, Joseph Gackie, Bill Zimfer, George Rodriguez, or Miguel Escobar.
Miguel's not going to get many votes because most people don't know him other than occasionally.
He's sitting there and making a few comments about Cuba in the background.
And of course, ripped off most of my baseball tickets this season.
But the bottom line is that Miguel considers himself to have been screwed over because he's been lied to almost as many times as the rest of us.
Remember that when Doreen was chasing him all around the building, the Unchallar, Rina Queen?
Who we used to be the promotions director. Then they made Miguel promotions director when she finally got canned.
And, uh, supposed to give more money. I don't know if he ever did get the money.
Yeah, and he did. Eventually he did.
Did happen.
But they sure are throwing him along and hung him out to dry and all that stuff.
Bad news again, Dale California.
Comedian Rodney Dangerfield slipped into a coma while recovering from heart surgery in recent weeks.
But it's starting to show a size of awareness as Mike Jones said today.
The 82 year old performer who was reported by a spokesman who had been hooked to a respirator in intensive care
since undergoing a heart valve replacement on August 25 was able to breathe on his own for the past 24 hours.
Dangerfield fell into a light coma a couple of weeks ago.
But after recent visits from his family and close friends Rodney is starting to show a size of awareness.
And we're all hopeful that he'll regain full consciousness soon.
She said in the statement issue through his publicist Kevin Sasaki.
We're hoping that he'll regain full consciousness.
Kind of like our, if matter of fact, you know who's going to come back?
I guess wasn't conscious.
I think maybe when my stack gets fired another week or so, I think maybe the shoes monster might come back.
What do you think?
I don't know.
The brain stem.
She said Dangerfield remains in stable condition overall and that our family remains optimistic that Rodney will make a complete recovery.
You do remember that he that speaking of the sugar state too, that Hank was interviewing the brain stem Don Schuel out there at two o'clock.
Back in the day when Hank used to follow this show.
And I was there talking about Hank is going to have his special guest today to brains them.
And of course, little did I realize the sugar was sitting with the headphones up.
Of course, he didn't have any clue what I was talking about.
It didn't happen.
It was anymore.
I didn't know what was conscious.
The statement appeared to be to conflict in some respects with previous information provided by Sasaki,
who said last week that Dangerfield was conscious when friends in fellow entertainers such as J. Lannoros, Angi, Jim, Carrie, and Adam Semmel visited him at the UCLA Medical Center.
Dangerfield claimed for his self-deprecating one-liders in the catchphrase that Hank had no respect as endured a string of health problems in recent years and maybe Hank had any good craft either, maybe no good smith, which is what he wants most.
Maybe they got like a, maybe they got the tuban as a throw, you think?
Yeah.
The bulging eye community had doubled bypass surgery in March of 2000, operations pretty much later to correct an aneurysm or is that an aneurysm.
He also suffered a mild heart attack in November 2001. In other words, he's been in pretty good shape.
Last year he underwent a brain bypass operation. I bet you that's what Greg Reed underwent.
Now, holy moly, all of a sudden the little light bulb went off in my head.
A brain bypass operation.
That must be it.
To reduce the risk of a stroke during or immediately after his art valve replacement.
Oh, and it was really interesting because by long distance, mufflin's here, operations manager was taking my temperature again for Greg today.
Well, I said it. That's getting a little bit painful.
Correct.
That long thermometer.
They keep inserting. You know what? Getting a little bit much.
Duff.
When in doubt, I pull that baby out.
Cat Stevens, boy, I'm going to tell you we got some very dangerous evil doers out there and your country is hard to work to make sure that they don't have access to you, man.
A London to Washington flight was there, I've heard it to mean yesterday when it was discovered past your use of Islam, formerly known as senior cat Stevens.
It was on a government watch list in part from entering the country to federal official set.
United Airlines flight 919 was on route to Velis International Airport when the match was made between a passenger at a name on the watch list said Niko Malinda's.
Oh, Niko Malinda's, I think he's on the list through at least ought to be watching.
Probably a beener.
A spokesman for the TSA, the thing was met by federal agents.
It means Bangor International Airport around 3 p.m.
And it was shown on CNN this morning.
It's shown that Cat Stevens was sent on his way.
Federal officials identified the past year with Islam.
They said he was denied entry on national security grounds, but had no details about why the peace activists might be considered a risk to the US.
Well, I think that speaks to the writings right there, right?
The peace activists, right over the day like that here.
We know Rogers, mornings and meetings are good days.
We know Rogers, mornings and meetings are good days.
We know Rogers, mornings and meetings are good days.
We know Rogers, mornings and meetings are good days.
All right.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
I can't read a verse through this video.
You'll be very pleased to really to know that we won't have any more hopping and skipping on any of the vocabright and stuff from last couple of weeks.
It's all under the D.C.S.
Oh!
It was Christine and Cleen as the Amino Queen.
Did you lick the disc?
Yes I did.
I licked it.
Now Cheryl says one of our loyal listeners is not to be confused with any other Cheryl.
For the pool and she's got a very good idea.
How about Neil's listeners?
Let's get that on there right away, Josh Cortis.
Neil Holstins.
You don't think so?
Well here's the question again.
Who's gotten screwed worse to WQM?
She says worse grew or the worse by having to wait and wait until Mr. Ego is through.
See we used to think we had Mr. Ego identify.
Now we have a new Mr. Ego.
An Ego larger than the entire universe.
Anyway, join George and McGill tonight for a happy hour five to seven at Treasure Island located right off the palm of it or just note of the 120 seconds to be nice.
Isn't Bokobrine going to be there?
No he's out of town.
Oh that's right.
Stop by to win prizes and check out this way's features.
Stephanie Evans.
Got only knows what she might do for you or to you or on you or all of those things all of these things.
Well Bokobrine probably is in rehab or something after the last couple weeks because he has done some of the greatest work of his lifetime.
So he's enjoying the free trip probably to where New York.
Really?
Yeah.
He goes to New York a lot.
I'll let someone else's money.
Well I'll be damned.
Maybe he can stand Al's apartment.
Well that's right there's a lock up head lock on the door.
Buffalo Kenny says and I see we got some people out there.
This is what happens to your mind when you spend too much time in Buffalo Kenny.
He says yesterday around 606 in the PM I heard Mo say something like about near rangers is they 600 times gorilla which is the way mad dog always refers to me and said does he smell like one?
Maybe you maybe you can go back on the tape and listen.
No I don't think so Buffalo Kenny if that's the best thing we have to do with our time that it's time for the old.
Reckon rule I was fully loaded pieces okay forget about it.
Yeah let's go back on the tape and see what Mo said about me.
So many overgrown children and so little time but we give him a free pass because he's from Buffalo is already one.
You've never been in Buffalo have you?
No I can't say I've had a privilege.
Of all the places that I would recommend you stay away that's near the top of the list do not even think about going to Buffalo unless you like wearing white socks and bowl a lot.
No. Anyway here's a 78 votes on the poll very quickly on our new poll who's gotten screwed the worst of QAM.
Hank Goldberg 23, Joe Rose 14, Bill Zimford 12 we don't want to forget about the old Zimfmeister.
Jeff Defo to Forest 11, Joe on mark 8, Neil Rogers 5, George Rodriguez 3, Mohawar David 2, Niels Lister is none yet.
That just went up on there. Matt McGell and the Joseph Gackie none.
Why did I put Joseph Gackie on there? I don't know. I'll put him on there. Just a sympathy vote because we all know.
Joseph Gackie sucks okay?
Okay and we know he's good guy but just a board of on here we have so many people who are so a board of on here like the big and of course the crow which rhymes with and mo.
Anything that ends in oh I guess you think?
Not to make any more tens which doesn't end in oh but he's a good guy when he just sucks on the air is an abortion.
Price transfer would like to be on here and I think that's a good idea. I like to rely on a good guy and he actually is relatively articulate for someone of his mo.
Mokras Shade he's relatively articulate would you say? Yeah he could do a show. He could do a hell of a lot but he could do a show.
He's qualified. He's the next job right? Right. Robert we seem to be moving away from that unless we get to hopper back on before the end.
I say get him on here before the third week of the NFL season this weekend. Okay that's my suggestion.
Now I don't want to stick my nose in other people's business but get his ass back on there okay you shmuck man.
Like a bunch like a bunch of kids in a sandbox.
Jim and Pemper Pines is with Halloween upcoming all the gym is a little bit precipitous here.
What well-known person would make the best Halloween mask and he's got four suggestions and it's really a full contest.
He's got Dan Deerdor, Hangold Burjim and if he's John Kerry we sure oughta have Jay G. W. Donner as well.
Sure but John Kerry already has the I hate to say this. Yeah well it's true but it's true.
He has the mask of death over his face. He looks like I'm serious it's just he can't help it.
Maybe a little bit better makeup maybe maybe a little bit of color would help.
Jim was saying what color? Like tan would be good. Like maybe some of that tan that you shmur on you know.
That would be a really good idea. He's better sometime in Florida if we ever stop having hurricanes.
And he's supposed to be here like he was yesterday and all that. Does he still there?
I don't know. Get a little bit of color in his face because he looks it's definitely not the kind of color in his face.
The comparison that inspires confidence in anything.
Of course he doesn't have the deer in the headlights look like some nitwit we know and that's the word nitwit.
That's your president baby nitwit. If you're president they question to say that.
The people on channel 10 don't get all that out of shape. I think I'm picking on them again. I am.
I mean this is a whisper of anybody telling a guy what beer he ought to be drinking after the show is over that.
That's unbelievable. In addition to which people would go I don't want to get into it.
I don't want to say it. Yeah because they're all sponsors on this.
You drink whatever beer you like. Okay just if you got a bit of bottoms up.
We ought to get a couple of calls in here because just like yesterday and we have almost a full show today.
Well I mean as of late. You want to say right because they got up at about 20.
So we got a full three hours and 20 minutes today and spread what Cheryl says.
Hey listen Cheryl you got a good point but we like it.
In spite of my rantings last Friday we the more we like it in fact Monday really turned my ass around fast.
That hour and 50 minutes show that we had. That was my idea of a show man.
That was sensational. You got steering going real extra long and then you got the ball game early at 12.30.
Marlins will not make the wild card looks like that's what Josh Cordis reported yesterday.
I think he was right on top of it.
It doesn't look like they got a trineman's chance in hell because they're five and a half back.
They only got 12 games to play.
Giants pounded the Houston last night.
So it not looking too good is it Josh?
No they're done.
Now I did. I watched a little bit of the game last night only because I wanted to see the sign.
They have that changeable sign behind home plate.
And there is a thing for amendment four which is not the moment we were talking about with the casino.
That's prox four I guess the slot machines that's per mutual.
And it comes on there so fast and it's got a website and I don't know what that it is.
I'm sure that none of the 50 fans who were in attendance last night.
Now I looked in the box score this morning and it said there were 15,000 in some odd at the Evol Park last night.
They must have been counting janitors, cockroaches, mosquitoes, the hired hands, everybody.
Because if there were 15,000 people they must have all been sitting on each other's lap.
How many would you say were there last night?
10 maybe. 10 people.
Maybe 10 people at the Evol Park last night.
And again why they didn't give away any floppy hats.
They didn't give away any bobble head dolls.
You know you folks think that you're fooling somebody and maybe you are somewhere.
Oh I guess it was on on CBC last night.
Gary Bettman who I'd like to step on him.
He just says a little weasel man.
Just a little twerk. A needle nose twerk.
But at any rate you're fooling fans out there.
Well they're given this stuff away for 37,000 days before for the cup double header.
Of course that's for both games but nevertheless that's pretty impressive.
But they were given away to floppy hats.
Now let me just put it to you this way.
George is a schlepper who's got one unwanted kid and a pain in the ass wife.
But you know even as much as he couldn't care less he could probably use a floppy hat.
Sure. But he doesn't pretend to be a fan so he doesn't go out there to get the floppy hat.
Even though he could get free tickets to go out there and his little scam is floppy hat.
He would go out there and sell it.
You people are just shameless man.
Shameless. Anything for free.
That's what it's all about.
You can't complain about the fans in South Florida because generally speaking there aren't any.
There are so few maybe...
Fuck third man!
I think they're exaggerating.
You notice the tremendous flant about the panther season being their cancel.
And let me say again the odds make her out of saying they're riots you know.
They're riding in the streets.
They're so crazy.
That's crazy.
But the canceling of the panther season.
Right.
Block him.
That's beautiful.
Macarena that we built for Wayne who of course installed the team and is busy.
He's busy.
He's got bigger fish to fry.
And believe me they are frying and they're dying over there than fish.
Notice how most of the teams in town.
That's why the panthers aren't quite as popular.
Or the heat.
Forget about the heat.
Even though we got...
Fuck!
Because it's got to be named after a fish.
The marlins, the dolphins.
My...
Speaking of fish my comment to Wayne is a perch.
Baldi.
Perch.
On this.
Jumbo Z.
560.
560 on the E4 Ryzen and singular wireless lines.
That's pretty exciting news that the Humper may be coming back soon.
Wouldn't that be great?
That would be.
It would be sensational from where I'm sitting on my fat ass.
WQA and HOO.
Okay like I said we better get a couple of calls in quick because I don't want to be accused of
not getting the calls officer.
We're going to just read good times to receive them.
We've got a huge pile on here.
I got such huge piles.
I might enter a Stern's contest on Friday for the world's biggest in-worth although Joyce
probably wouldn't approve.
You probably have to inspect it first after ducted my temperature.
WQA and HOO.
Hi Neil, how are you?
Pretty good sir.
Good.
I got two people for your poll and you left off.
One guy and one girl that probably nobody's even thought of.
Roy Foster being number one.
Roy.
He got two?
Exactly.
And the other girl is a one and a...
Okay great.
567.
O560.
And 0560.
Pound of Metigot.
He has been sent to the U.L.
Roger.
And, he's been released lately on 560 AM.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Super UP to 22 every possible point.
Born from Fox News extension soll.
He is freshman coach fifteen years gone.
Read Musa,
It was just stupid pitch of fine stuff that else could do.
Like massive deal, it's merely true.
Oh, he certainly can't say massive-girlish can't wait.
That would mean him.
It's 1117 at 560 WDQM.
This whole business about what we can say and what we can't say.
I think that somebody needs to draw the line in the sand pretty soon.
You know, somebody needs to put their foot down.
Let's get bandaged.
Although it is pretty close to payday something.
Yeah, well, of course, we know what he would say.
He probably consulted with L. Presidente first.
567, I don't think we have any calls today.
So I don't have to feel so guilty about,
because after that first tenter too, they're just going to sit lay back, you think?
Apparently.
Presently speaking, I feel like I'm letting them down.
Because, oh gee, you're just a reading all them bedtime stories.
They're getting too newsy again.
Yeah, that's right.
Less than six weeks till the presidential election,
the balance, the future of the universe is hanging in a balance.
And these people are worried about who the hell Jerry Springer's got on today.
That's what they're worried about.
And his big brother, 5, going to be out again next week.
I'm telling you the swill that they put on is just unbelievable.
Speaking of swill, I got a great article that's on our website called Swiftboats Swill,
written by Nicholas Turf from the Village Voice.
Much, much, too long to read on the air, I think.
It's like six pages long.
But it's on our website, or at least it will be tomorrow.
Or whenever I already emailed the therapist.
They're also email their ignore my can't just email to me.
The most unbelievable pictures of Georgia Bush, our new female president.
He wouldn't you got to see him to believe him.
At any rate, Swiftboats Swill and the essence of this is,
from the National Archives, new proof of Vietnam War atrocities,
the fact that John Kerry was absolutely correct when he came back from Vietnam
and said all of those things.
Proof that yadi yadi.
So there it is. It goes on forever.
But I mean, this is only for people who are too young to remember the atrocities
that were committed to me, I'm asking for all of these things that went on for years and years.
People who had no clue what Vietnam was all about.
Which is most of the public because they either have a short memory
or they're young punctured, they have no clue what's going on in the world.
All of these things, am I right?
All of these things.
Right. WDQ, why am hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir, speaking.
How's everything going?
Great.
A little bit off the subject, but you have one guy that does some drops.
He does the nine for you.
And he doesn't do a drop.
That's just the way he speaks.
He speaks with a cloggle because he's a retarded.
Well, where's the guy?
I heard Brian Wilson from the Beach Boys has come with the town up in West Palm.
So I'm thinking maybe you can get him to do some publicity pieces for it.
It's match made in purgatory.
Why could you just be our new general manager?
There you go.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Pretty weak.
See, I told you to have no material of it.
That was, wow.
That was about as weak as it gets.
That was about as lame as a horse that just fell on both knees, man.
That was pretty lame.
Lawyers says Miami Arts Dices to settle sex abuse pieces for a $3.4 million
worth of a pulp-reason to pay for having your life twisted and turned
by a bunch of child-welesting priests.
The Arts Dices of Miami's agreed to pay $3.4 million to settle almost
two dozen lawsuits brought since 2002 by people accused Catholic priest of sexually
abusing them their lawyers said.
The seven-minute agreements range from 75 grand to a half a million dollars
and conclude all 23 negligence lawsuits brought by attorney Jeffrey Herman.
He represented more than half of the about 40 former altar boys and other
youths who sued the Arts Dices after the nation's church abuse scandal broken
2002, which of course nobody's talking about anymore because they had their
15 seconds of fame and hysteria and now we got bigger fish to fry the man.
So they put it on the back burner, they figured the coast would clear, the dust
would settle and they were right.
His cases implicated tensile photo priests who were put on administrative
leave or resigned to the...
The settlements are long overdue, then the validation and dedication for the victim's
sermon said yesterday.
The settlements were not an admission to guilt, Arts Dices spokeswoman Mary
Ross Augustus said, what it does do is bring the conclusion these events so that
the church can continue to move on a financially responsible way and the
alleged victims can continue with their healing Augustus said, well if they're
only alleged victims what it even the heal for, right?
I mean you talk about an idiotic statement, the alleged victims can continue with their
healing.
You lie and bitch!
She said that Archbishop John C. Favollora had not decided to pay the
priest not administrative leave, Reverend Alvaro Guixard, Ricardo Castellanos and
Joseph Sinese were among the priest accused of abusing boys.
Castellanos Guixard and Sinese all I am administrative leave have denied the
accusations.
I am suffering from character assassinations Guixard said Tuesday.
These are all lies to get money from the Arts Dices.
Castellanos, through representatives, said the settlement was done without consulting
me and I was totally opposed to it.
The family of Miguel Cincia...
Cincia?
Cincia, that's what it is.
A former altembroy at the church of the little flower in Coral Vibles was the first
to sue the Arts Dices.
The church of the little defloward.
The alleged church leaders knew that Castellanos and Guixard sexually abused Miguel as a boy in
the mid-70s.
The girl died of AIDS in 1993.
My family believes that the Arts Dices knew for a long time the facts of this case, Miguel's
brother Ignacio Chinchilla said.
It was only through litigation that they had no choice but to take responsibility for the
misconduct of these two priests.
Most of the remaining lawsuits are pending.
Just these isolated incidents, what did you just fax me now?
Why did you do this?
It's just too complicated.
I know, just so that you know.
Obviously, that's what they said to you.
From the website that's displayed behind home play, we're all 50 of you now are attending
the Marlin games.
Now that they're not going to make the wild card, now that they're not coming away, no bottle head,
dollar, floppy heads.
Don't you people have any shame at all?
I mean, give me a break.
It's not expensive to go to a Marlin game.
It just takes your breath away.
What a bunch of phonies there are in that town.
Oh, whatever is the freebie dujure, you know, the early bird, the free of bottle head, just
like at the hockey games, man.
Give away bottle head, those.
These people, 90% don't even know who those players are that I got to bottle head, dumb.
Well, it might be worth something someday though.
Just like that jackass, they call that day about, he got OJ's autograph for the ill-fated
daughter, because it might be worth something someday.
How pathetic is that, remember that?
Yeah.
I just chewed him and asked, he said, well, I didn't really want it, but it might be worth
something someday.
It's an OJ autograph, you know.
Yeah, wipe your ass with it, pal.
Anyway, yes for localcontrol.com is their website that's displayed behind home play,
that moving ad sign.
It says, yes, I'm amendment four.
When it comes to increasing education funding to the regulation of tax, oh, it is the right
one.
This is great.
We love the Marlins.
They're just that much.
Of course that's a paid ad, but nevertheless.
It is the one.
I'm amendment four, see.
Thank you very much.
The night's head is important that this guy, whoever faxed it to us and I thanked him profusely.
Look at this system from WLRN.
My busy dad, yes I did.
We have people listening to WLRN on this horse ball show.
That's amazing.
For one, possibly more.
Oh, we like to last one, as we do.
Listen to him every morning.
You listen to Phil Laxman.
No, that's me.
Wow, every morning.
I'll be damned.
Like you're in Tia, this is the only radio station in the country that's got a drop in for Phil Laxman.
Yes, I'm amendment four.
When it comes to, it says, shouldn't you have the right to decide billions of dollars for education in Florida.
The yes for local control campaign supports amendment four.
I'm amendment on the ballot this November that gives Dave and Broward County voters the right to decide in later elections.
Whether they want to authorize slot machines at seven existing permutual facilities near two counties.
If the counties vote yes, in later referenda, the revenues must be used to supplement, not replace,
current levels of Florida education spending statewide.
So in other words, it's not going to be a bait and swish like the lottery was.
This is supplement, not replaced current levels of funding for education statewide and Florida.
And it goes on about funding $2.34 billion over four years.
That at five years it's going to raise revenue for Florida, $7.7 billion.
I'm tax-gaming revenue we captured $1.95 billion over five years.
Just billions and billions in local government revenues, employment construction.
I'm tax-gaming revenue we captured by the state.
Just fantastic.
This is great.
In fact, what we ought to do is put a link to this on our website.
Yes for localcontrol.com.
You think we can do that? I bet you Eric can do it.
If anybody should do it, fat older or he can, he demand.
So maybe you want to like send that along to him.
I'll do it.
He'll hop right on it.
And also I don't know.
I tried to email him because I don't have time to dittle around sending emails.
The thing that Norma Kent said, I try to email this to the...
Well, we'll see what happens with that.
Because he's got to get the pictures of Georgia Bush on there.
26 past 11 at 5.60 WDQM.
Right now, as I speak, Armstrong, Florida, Holmes did once to clear their locks and sell off all remaining old fours.
Here just a few of the great deals, wait an hour.
And 0-4, we'll say it again.
0-4, F-150 pickup. That's what I said.
Just a buck over invoice.
New 0-4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Vicks, Tauruses, and Focuses all waiting for you at Armstrong Ford.
It's just a buck over invoice.
Plus, Armstrong Ford offers more value to its loyal customers when you buy or afford from these folks.
You'll get their exclusive, unbelievable tires and batteries for life program.
That's right.
Tires and batteries for life.
The value you'll get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now you get a free floor to some past with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time, Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable.
So just give him a call at 305-247-512-24751-12 and strap right over the old phone.
You'll even deliver that new vehicle right to your door.
Armstrong, Florida, Holmes did a look-wound and operated.
They trained you just like family and I guarantee you, I'll bake you a drink and the water Nazis lives on it.
You won't get a better deal anywhere on a Ford in town.
They'll bait and switch. No-foam need deals.
Armstrong, Florida, Holmes did.
You'll find a material 725-south-thixie highway just 20 minutes south of the early 36.
Check them out on the way to ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little and save a ton.
Tons of cash on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did.
You're the sins of new Roger.
You're the sins of new Roger.
You're the sins of new Roger.
Now, in South-Eggishon, George, what are you going to do during the Republican Convention?
Party, party, party, our party.
Breaking all the time.
And what's your drink of choice?
Jack Daniels.
Wow. Why do you drink that?
Because I need it.
That's some strong stuff.
It's gut-wrenching.
GW? You heard drunk.
I don't think so.
Well then prove it.
Say Abu Ghreb.
Abu Ghara, Reb.
Abu Ghara, Reb.
Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara.
He's closed.
I had too much in drink.
Man, I'll say.
Name's obviously.
Who will be right back?
I'm 31 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Don't forget George and Miguel are happy.
Our treasure island 5 to 7.00.
I'm looking at the 11 o'clock tracking map of Hurricane Jean.
Yeah.
And even though some of the local locals are trying to get the audience whipped up into a frenzy,
the bad news for them is it isn't within a zillion miles of there.
Okay.
In fact, the new track shows it going to the Northwest.
It's already north of where you're sitting right now.
Yeah, but it might.
Quark screw around.
And then it's going to go like a little drift, a little to the south,
into the west, and like to the northwest, and to the northwest some more,
and then to the almost-do north.
In fact, it looks like it's headed right to your house in North Carolina at 8 a.m. Monday.
That came around Monday afternoon.
I'd be up there.
All right.
For the big blow from Jean.
Also, I do want to mention that.
Don't talk about it enough.
Everybody out there, whoever even looks at our website.
If you don't view that 9-11 Pentagon strike video, that clip,
there's something desperately wrong with it.
Yeah, you're shook.
Yeah, because I'm getting a lot of feedback on it.
I think from people I know, and people are like very disturbed,
disturbed by that.
Now that we more and more know that the government just lies to their teeth,
that's if there's anything new, and of course the media are the co-conscuitors in that.
Helping pedal all their bullcrap.
They love doing it.
Here's the poll results so far.
Who's gotten screwed the worst?
Not the most, but the worst at QAM.
We know the winner of the most.
We got 257 votes already, not too bad.
New, a neils list, there's 62.
Hank Goldberg, 58, who might just be back soon, though, we're praying.
Joe Rose, 34, Bill Zimper.
Look at what Bill Zimper's got.
Dr. Edman.
And just as I said, that it went to 31.
Joe and Mark 28, Jeff D. Hope for our forest 27.
Jorge Rodriguez, 70, Roger Six, Mohawar David and five.
Joe Zagaki, 2, and Miguel Escobar voted for himself.
I mean, somebody voted for Miguel.
He wouldn't do that himself, would he?
No, certainly not.
5670560, oh, here's the breakdown on Jews.
They just show the Jewish share of Poland.
Okay.
This is pretty disturbing for the election.
Carey 69%, Bush 24%, Nader 3%,
How can Bush have 24% of the Jewish world?
There must be all the Jews I know down there in South Florida.
Let's be.
Because the more and more I'm encountering, not all of them,
but many, far too many, generally people who handle money.
People with a lot of money, people who handle other people's money.
Stock market kind of people, all those people,
real right-wingers, no matter who the right-winger do's your is.
They are look his ass, no matter how bad it is for the real country.
The rest of the world, all of these things, no matter how we're going to blow the world up,
it's always, oh, they're good.
Just like Ed Cratch, well, he's good for Israel, you know?
That kind of crap.
Jews for Bush.
I think they ought to out-edcatch, although, Chris Franklin,
is there anybody who doesn't know at this point?
Oh.
Even better.
Is this Mr. Morrison dead?
Who?
Russ, Morrison.
WQA and hello.
How about Joe Angel?
Joe Angel got screwed, bad.
That's a good choice.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
Joe Angel for the pull.
Get him on there.
How's your...
Joe Angel.
And he keeps bouncing back.
He also got candid in the frisco again.
Where do you wind up?
He's dressed as a Josh?
Yeah.
He wind up somewhere else again this year, Joe Angel.
I don't know where he is now.
I don't know.
He's somewhere.
But he got screwed over big time so that we could have you.
Oh, that's right.
You can't say too much because you got a whole Dave Ann
Boeing's hand again and that's a ballpark.
Mad Dog at two, Mojave, David, for Hank hopefully one of the last times for this afternoon.
Marlon's on deck 630.
The Philly's in town for the Marlon's again tonight, 705.
I bet you'd be a giant crowd there tonight.
Not a third, man.
Not a thousand just people.
And Eddie Kay have to be baseball game.
That's our lineup and it's written in like a quail to the day.
That's going, Clarence.
Then we had it in you.
Line 9, WDQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know all the big fuss we heard about Del Miller voting for Bush, right?
Well, it's been on Buzz Flash for the last two days.
Lincoln, JV from Rhode Island.
Republican Senate.
Yeah, they hit him on TV yesterday.
He said he wasn't voting for Kerry.
He would write in some other Republican.
Right.
But we haven't heard nearly the fuss.
Of course not.
Right.
I mean, I haven't seen it in the paper.
Right.
So, you know, it's because of that great liberal media.
Right.
I will tell you this much.
I don't know if I mentioned it yesterday or maybe I told George this morning before the show.
You know, I had to be a George because last night CNN took a poll on their website about,
do you think that the media are liberal conservative or neither.
68% of the respond to were thousands and thousands because CNN's got millions of viewers.
Right.
conservative, 68% of that.
And it was like only 24% of the media's liberal.
So the majority of the public out there, except for the morons that watch Fox News, they know what it's all about.
Right.
Well, you know what surprised me in 2000.
I've been around a while and you know how it was in Al Franken's book that 62% of the newspapers endorsed Bush?
Yeah.
I thought a lot of normally Republican papers would say, basically we can't support this idiot.
You know, he's unfit for the job.
You know, there's nothing in his background.
A whole set of liar, right.
Right.
I thought they would say, you know, sit this out or vote for Gorn.
We'll go after it next time.
But you know, it's just amazing that anybody could support this idiot.
It shocks the economy.
And especially when you look at the red, the rest of the world are all on to him big time.
And America is just mesmerized by the media.
And the brainwashed the goose step and right a lot.
If it likes to us pal, he'll hit all you know, like it's cold.
Then you got it.
All right.
Fine.
Fine.
Praying principles has got rules in his school.
Again, this one just can't stop.
You know which one this is again the evangelist principle up there in Boka in the mouth of the rat, Boka Raton.
Public high school principle in Boka says he will not be deterred by criticism he's received for expressing his evangelical Christian beliefs.
Oi!
An atheist teacher at Boka high condemned principle Jeff McKee for telling staff at a recent faculty meeting that all of the significant decisions are made prayerfully.
Yet another faculty member accused McKee of hiring only people from his church or those with strong belief in God.
And Roman Catholic parent complain about McKee's proposed introduction to the Bible course.
Still the Florida principle insists the attacks will not stop him from acknowledging his faith in God.
He notes that the community he serves is extremely mixed with 73 birth countries represented by the student population just about every religious group.
Still McKee says this community has been very supportive of me as a principal and of anything I've brought into the school, including trying to create as godly an environment as possible.
Godly an environment they're even piping the show in there I heard.
Ew, God.
Also the principle says he prays for every student and teacher in each classroom he visits and throughout the day asking that God's spirit would descend on Boka Raton high school to protect students from the evil world.
Oh, to protect from George Bush.
Oh, maybe there he does.
That's such a bad idea.
And McKee notes that he's not the only one praying a campus student group in a group called Moms in Touch.
Meet weekly.
Yeah, touch this.
Moms in touch.
They meet weekly to intercede for the school as well.
The Christian see this is the thing with you religiousness is you can't stop intruding where you don't belong where you're not wanting.
You have no business there.
It's for your own good.
Yeah, right.
You'll think us later.
That's what they said during the crusades to the people and offer they couldn't refuse and they haven't the old places.
The Christian school official says he's seen some dramatic immediate answers to prayer while on the job.
In one instance he recounts literally as I was praying a staff member walked up to me and said he got a funny report about a child who possibly had drugs in one of the restrooms.
Upon retrieving the on grill McKee says it turned out she had a press full of pills that she said and I believe it was a believable story to me.
She was stuck priming for a suicide attempt.
You see that?
Uh huh.
The high school chief administrator considers that incidences are like it to be moments of divine intervention.
I don't know how else to describe it.
He be saying other than the Holy Spirit's active involvement in our school is result of prayer.
Oh God.
That's good.
McKee says God's influence is powerful at a school in the evidence of divine grace has been and continues to be amazing.
It continues to be.
It's going to be much.
Since the Christian principal took over there, Bokka Hai has gone from being a school with seriously high crime statistics to one of the lowest incidents of violence in all of Palm Beach County.
Let's hear it for God.
Let's hear it for Jesus.
You are a prince of evil, ruckus.
You are a prince of evil, ruckus.
You are a prince of evil, ruckus.
You are a prince of evil, ruckus.
You are a prince of evil, ruckus.
It's days, Christian.
I am the town.
The position of Luke had five six old.
WQA.
WQA.
It's giant like babyact.
The offset is a trap.
If you came home again and I prayed never a crime and you found a babyact.
This time we will understand why we blame the people who want the W but a few double gold, like Irish people do.
Call it like a judge and track it on a tube
And everything's according to him
I'll be giving out of the game
How can he put out his back?
Who was the picker going to figure
Who's the former little street at the top?
I'll say he's talking about the change
John's a dreamer
Abelgar, 45, 15, building at 5, 60 WQM
Here's the poll, we're in a big response on this, as I knew we would
In this is a great poll, yes indeed, so much screwing and so little time
Who's gotten screwed the worst at WQM, we're asking right now and of course there's a long list
331 votes
Two angels just went on, there he don't have any yet, we'll go from the bottom to the top
Right, we'll work right on up to the top
Okay, Joseph Gackie's got a pair
Miguel Escobar is got two, what I call him
Mojaro David had five, Neil Roger seven, Jorge Rodriguez eleven
And by the way I forgot to say that I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez
That's terminated
I've got 30 men
Joe and Mark 35, Bill's in for 36, Joe Rose 40, the Humper 76 who we prey may be returning soon
We think we hope we're praying
And leading by and pulling away from the pack,
Neil's listeners, thank you Cheryl, good idea, 87,
Neil's listeners get the screwed and tattooed
They haven't got a clue when the show starts
And guess what, join the club
Gene Lyons, who writes for the Arkansas Democrat Gazette, I got a whole bunch of bedtime stories here
And you know what, I'm gonna read him
Alright, because we got a couple of hours to go, almost a full show here today
I'm gonna make the most of it between now and the election day
Make no mistake about it
Gene Lyons writes that there's ever a hall of fame for political propagandists
Whoever can conquer the phrase liberal media bias deserves a statue
As a catchphrase it has everything allowing GOP activists to avoid unpleasant realities
Bulley-Timmid media careerist and poses iconoclasts
While catching big chefs from crackpot turbidates
And whining about how everybody picks them Republicans
Last week saw the perfect fruition of that strategy
Is the entire Howling Mob, Eric Ultraman Athlete calls
The so-called liberal media or SCLM
Ran down Dan Rather in CBS like a pack of calories hunting a house cat
For making a dumb wonder about President Bush's lost time in the Texas Air National Guard
CBS buggered big time, but what made the suspect documents persuasive was that
Whether it was 1972 or last month, whoever wrote the new details of the
Mission accomplished flyboys lunging go, Vanishing act
Facts on Earth not only by CBS, but by the Boston Globe, New York Times, USA Today, and Salon
The White House hasn't disputed their content
Anybody who imagines that Bush fully discharged his duty or that the White House's
Evertold the truth about it must be in having some of the same
Incent, he apparently liked to snuff a lot back in those housey on days
When daddy's role role of ex-held solution to life's vaccine problems
You wonder if you know who George Bush is, Dean, room a former roommate told USA Today in 2002
Where George failed was to fulfill his obligations as a pilot, there was any rational time in his life
But Democrats need to let the National Guard thing go
If 30-year-old controversy's matter, Bush is now inoculated against damage
Therese that the White House political operative Carl Rowe engineered the fiasco
And not only too clever by half, they'll never be proved
How could he count upon CBS's unwitting cooperation
If only the press would have owed equivalent zeal to learning who can
Conct to the phony documents Bush used to claim that Iraq sought uranium from Niger
Or who in the White House helped calm his Robert Novak, a masked Valerie plane
The CIA, a covert operative married to Joseph Wilson, a former ambassador
Who helped unravel the African uranium hoax
Many Washington journalists already know the answer, but everybody's protecting their sources
The SCLM's piling on CBS has been something to see
I hold no brief or dead rather, but every journalist has been a hogshorn swagger by sources
But that's the beauty of the liberal media bias trope
We live in the aftermath of three of the most egregious press failures in American history
The Whitewater hoax, the Washington press plates were on gourd during the 2000 election
And it's this graceful parody of Bush and the Iraqi weapons and mass destruction propaganda
All three benefit the Republican right
All were perpetrated not by Washington, but by the New York Times
The Washington Post and the major broadcast networks
Each involved ethical and professional lapses far worse than CBS's recent screw-up
To my knowledge, none of the perpetrators has paid any price whatsoever
It just doesn't happen
Three personal examples
I saw pundit Andrew Sullivan, that queen on CNN, clucking over CBS's mistakes
In 1994 when Sullivan edited the new Republican Rana cover story
Accusing Bill Clinton of corrupting and reaching his wife's law firm
By changing Arkansas's user-relauze's governor
In fact, the deed was done by the public referendum under Clinton's Republican predecessor
On December 19, 1995, ABC's Nightline
Erdogan deceptively edited video clip of a Hillary Clinton press conference about Whitewater
It accused her of lying about the very information electronically deleted from her remarks
No consequences followed
On May 4, 1996, the New York Times published an article with an attempt of
AP violins stating that an FBI's agent's trial testimony
Described a $50,000 windfall to Whitewater from an illegal loan
As the actual AP article stipulated, the agent gave no sex testimony
Many accusatory editorials and columns followed
Helping Kenny Starve for long his frivolous investigation of Bill Clinton's finances for years
The Times has never acknowledged this blunder
Bob Summerby's dailyHowler.com is documented countless instances of reporters
Pyrriting and sometimes evading nonsensical tales
Making Al Gore look like a big phony during the 2000 campaign
That he claimed they'd be invented the internet for example
Or falsely said that he'd inspired the movie Love Story
Both make believe both repeated and uh
I didn't find it by pundits who fear no consequences
Because Democrats don't get it
While Republicans protect their own and savage anybody who gets in their way
Now
Now
Now
Paul Craig Roberts writes American attention to death as an America
I'm not reading these this world today
I'm trying to go too fast
Just slow down you got plenty of time
See I'm going to have it like Russian true now
Russian
We're in the big rush
You know I'm talking about
Top of few more rush you phony liar you piece of crap you
Paul Craig Roberts encounter punch writes excuse me
But the story is not CBS and the George W Bush National Guard documents
The story is how did the US Congress the opposition party the news media and the US public
Let the Bush administration start a war based on phony documents
If someone deceived CBS and passed off forged documents is real
At least CBS consulted experts about the documents before going on the air
Speaking of questionable documents the Bush administration has swallowed a large number
What about the obviously forged yellow cake documents that were the basis for the mistake and claim
That Saddam Hussein had a nuclear weapons program
The Bush administration did not check out the still-type phony intelligence fed them by Iraqi exhaust
When they did agenda and by neo-cons determined to turn the war on terror into a war against the Iraqi random Syria
The Bush administration endured all warnings from real experts in CIA and State Department
Amalist Bush invaded the country that not only posed no threat to the US
But also had no weapons of mass destruction
No connections to Osama Yaman Mavin Laden
The Bush administration's forged war has cost more than a thousand American families
Their sons husbands fathers brothers and a few of their sisters
daughters and mothers another another seven to eight thousand American soldiers have been wounded
More than half to previously to be returned to combat many have lost arms legs and eyes
What have we achieved with these enormous casualties?
We've committed war crimes by bombing residential neighborhoods and killing thousands of women and children
We made ourselves infamous as prison torturers
Abu Ghar would create an insurgency that we cannot put down
We've given bin Laden an enormous boost in credibility and terrorist recruitment
We've lost the world sympathy
We've aroused massive anger from Muslims around the world and started a process of Muslim reunification
We wasted 200 billion dollars that had high opportunity cost in terms of real needs that went on meant
We've made these egregious mistakes because of Bush administration and the president of the United States
used questionable documents that then rather in CBS what are rejected
You have to ask yourself why is the front page story CBS
If CBS is towards the documents in order to intentionally mislead the public the way the Bush government used
Fody documents to start a war yes, there would be a story
If someone fooled CBS with forged documents the only story is what was that person's agenda?
Why did he do it? Did the torture intended as an offset 30 trick to the swift vote dirty trick against carry or was it a blowing that CBS?
The CBS report is about something we already know the missing gap in Bush's National Guard Service
If the CBS report fails to elune that gap then the serve rate remains to be told
Newer's organization should go get off CBS and out of the story
Whether documents are forged or authentic the CBS investigation of Bush's National Guard Service
It's far less important that Bush's war based on intentional deception will be American people focus
Long enough to demand the real story as Paul Craig Roberts in the answer probably no they don't have time
They got bigger face to fry maybe they got important crack going on
Speaking of crap, I should hear this story
You love this I love it from Winfield West Virginia
Three men burglarized the home of Jack Whitaker now not the Jack Whitaker
They used to be the old-chermogen guy that was an ABC sports for 100 years
Didn't you to one of you probably remember hope I know Roger Whitaker
Three men burglarized the home of Jack Whitaker winner of the biggest lottery jack pot in US history as an acquaintance of Whitaker laid dead inside
Who he said yesterday?
Kind of a bizarre story what you say indeed
Whitaker was not at home at the time and chief deputy John Daley said that that the Jesse Joe Tribal 18 was not related to the
Burling was not a homicide it may have been drug-related
Daley said we're pretty sure that they knew he was dead
That's why they went inside and took the stuff daily said the well they better never break into I'mus's house
Just when he thought he was dead
I think he said they were at the peace
The break into place there is a net or Friday morning one of those arrested reported tribals
Deathly Friday morning daily said tribal was a friend of Whitaker's granddaughter and all three suspects were acquainted with tribal
Daley wouldn't say how all three knew about tribals death
JC shaver 20 James Travis willest 25 and Jeffrey Dustin Campbell 20 were charged with a large and the other offenses after being captured
Any security camera the Whitaker recently had installed her what he said police recovered
$15,000 worth of items taken from the home
Daley said he didn't give a total for everything stolen Whitaker won the largest single jackpot in US history
When he did a 314.9 million dollar powerball jackpot Christmas day of 2002 remember that yes
He chose to accept a lump sum of about 113 million after taxes just a poultry total since then
Wait a year. This it goes to show you don't be winning no big lottery because bad things will happen
Remember that the cocktail waitress to won the the jackpot in Vegas a few years ago
Yeah, like 25 million dollar jackpot
And then she went out like the next day and she got hit the
In her car right by some drunk and she's like paralyzed paralyzed for the rest of her life with her 25 million bucks
Anyway, since when in the powerball lottery and 113 million after taxes Whitaker's vehicle
Business and home have been broken into repeatedly last year a strip club manager in his girlfriend were charged with drugging Whitaker and stealing a briefcase
Containing more than a half a million dollars in cash and cash series checks the money was recovered
So if you're going to win the lottery, I would say lay low
He's a
Junk and high is more skill okay
Is no longer available homeland security have discovered many housewives with links to alkaida
Have a stockpile dunk and high yellow gang in a directive issued by John Ashcroff
All housewives that are not registered Republican will be rounded up and similarly raped under
presidential order can't there be two of the bush on the accord prisoner
Rape is
Oh
Do you
Gokie if you have the yellow tape made on your shell dispose of it now
Tunk in high we got to find something else to do
Like sure. I want to be a brainstem couple one and five sixty w and maybe come out of retirement to the offensita coach brand stem
Come on
I mean you'll see any place called one stat stay to the not yet, but now it is the one static. No, he's dead meat
Anyway, 414 votes at the pull right now who's gotten screwed most a Q amp. He owes less. There's a hundred and fourteen
The hopper Hank Goldberg who may we pray be coming back soon 95
Joe rose 49
He certainly got to screwed not only badly, but over and over repeatedly
Uh bill's in for 44 John Mark 38 Jeff D. Coda 435 for here Rodriguez 16
The hero is only nine
Mojaro divided seven Joe angel three Miguel Escobar two and Joseph Gaki two out of 414
5 6 7 0 5 60
How and uh
Uno's was the name of the pizza joint. I was trying to think of yesterday. Oh yeah
Remember I said it was beginning with a you as in you two right fruite
Uh, but anyway was it Uno's and then there was uh
uh
Mojaro my pie and your pie
I don't know what happened with that, but and maybe there are some places in South Florida story and that deep fish pizza thing is just
I don't know there different regions that have things that go over really big just like that cage on crap from knowledge and all that
I don't know. I think if they build a cage on restaurant in
Volker for example, it would go over like Halivai in Siberia and not too big ever to wait you never you know until you try it
By the phones are really weak today, you know if they got nothing to say because we're not building a pool and we're back to that
We're back into a syndrome again. You know, so we went through a long period there where they were just
Pulling at them out they had lots to say, but now I think the hurricanes have worn them out
Especially that you're lost to fsu
Deputy Q a.m. Hello
Deal to a girl school. Yes, sir
I'm the gentleman who called you about the uh
More than behind the batter
Right
Uh, you finally found out what it was now. You let me know and I appreciate that
I didn't know what they were have there you go you see
I was even and I was people who know in candle but it's still around
Forges is still there under it, but they don't have the deep dish. It's just the good stuff though. Yeah, good stuff
I feel thanks a lot, pali. Yeah, let's talk pizza. What do you say? Oh come on? Oh, but he's right. Let's talk it. Let's eat it
Can't eat it. We're gonna need carbs
How's your friend Jeff Colondon by the way speaking of pizza? How does he do post personal buddy Jeff Colondon?
Remember how he stick this and that day at the uh when we thought the hurricane was coming on at Friday my last day down
We probably got our own problems right? That's fine. Everybody
What means got his own problems? He had a problem with some of the women who's gonna be here in Toronto tomorrow
I knew I was getting depressed for some reason the rumors are coming
All through the city up and down young street. They're riding on horseback screaming the rumors are coming
The rumors are coming and everybody's going oh
Can you believe that but anyway rumors told me that the Jeff Colond said business was sensational
And everything is going great. I just don't think that he wants anything to do with the cinema
I think you did something to him. I must it
WBQAM. Hello. Oh, I used to love who knows pizza. Good neck. Yeah, they still have them up in the Orlando area
But you know nobody there just proves that nothing ever lasts and stuff lord of it
Well, anything anything good that comes along it's gone in a heartbeat. No forget about it
And everything has to be in the new york style down here. Can't have anything to cause of stuff
That's a hot dog heaven
Anyway, what I talked about
I was watching that tenagon video and it sold me on I think it was a missile because
Plain cannot make a hole like that in a building like that clean tunnel like hole, you know
Kind of like a two-colorful, but yes
My question is you're also getting joyously in your house in about a half an hour slapping the crap on you
Can't you give her number out?
I would love to
Anyway, what happened to the plane though what happened to flight 77? It's just kind of vanished
You think because that was the plane that
Barbara Olsen I think was on wasn't right that that's correct
Yeah, but what happened to it? I mean this video doesn't really explain that I can't just disappear
How about the end of the end of the ocean you think they're gonna find it if one of the ocean for example?
Well something would have to wash up wouldn't it
Way out in the middle of the ocean wash up on what
Well, we just think with all those
You're saying something would have to wash up, but if it really did crash there into the pentagon
Why isn't there any single trace why isn't there like any part any any evidence a human anything nothing
No, I don't believe this is good
Yeah, there's no
No luggage no
Clothing right zero. There is absolutely no evidence there that a plane with anybody on a crash in that building
Especially you would find a huge tail section or wings or something
That's video
All the wreckage of other plane crashes and you always have that huge tail
And why is it that I'm the video that is available
That doesn't show up that it's not there. We don't see it right
I don't know it's all conspiracy and you know who they who they are in charge and
We have to get them out and I don't know if it's gonna happen because this guy is a good dollar
I want to vote for and and I'm going to
Well, let's kick my ass a little bit and take that mask off. Maybe he was pretty good underneath
Have a great day. They've sweet up. All right. Good luck to us
Maybe he was really neat underneath. I think so. Oh, no. Oh, I look at line 12 is ringing
This must be very important Q.A.M. Hello that line. Pizza lock down on the world's best pizza
We have deep dish pizza
You're a good one man. You're just you're unbelievable
Sisyon pizza don't you know that prostitution is illegal in Florida only if you go are the biggest horror
I've ever known in my life. Maybe this unbelievable. We still love you though
Even though you don't like us anymore. What are you talking about man? It was the middle of a hurricane
Yeah, yeah, I was there and there was not the middle of a hurricane. We were
Some preparations. I think you were busy with preparation. H a no man
I had you in my house squared away my restaurant squared away my father squared away
A promising man. Thank God for how he's fed us that they are we'd have been starving all to go
I know I know I know boy. Don't ever count on Jeff Cohen man when you're starving at it in the hurricane
The big blow is coming. He'll just leave you hanging
From future if you were really a good friend. Yeah, Goldstein wouldn't be sleeping in a
Shelter somewhere in New York. Is he really? Yeah, he's working. He's working at a deli there
But he's not sleeping in the shelter really easy. I you know what I haven't talked to him because he's so was disconnected
So maybe he is
That's terrible. That's bad. There was a deli there that that you knew the guy actually the guy's name is Cohen too
But only a deli up there in New York
And he's working as a host there as a host
Kind of like Abe Hirschfeld
Yeah, quite a different. Yeah kind of like a great Vidal
Hosted the country kitchen. So when's the next time you're back in town here never for a long time
I'm not making that mistake again for a very long time believe me that was that was eight days of pure hell
If there is into places hell, I'm pretty familiar now with what it's gonna be like
It was pretty stressful
Down here with all that storm was going through and all that stuff. Yeah
And then luckily for me though those people got my hurricane shutters of several days after Ivan passed by but they're nevertheless at least they're up now
Right, right pretty lame
I might have to call you back later to talk about faithful arms anyway, so
We'll see what happens about what nothing nothing nothing but
I just I just dumped that don't be pulling the old steam on me and put the names of places on your police. Okay. Oh, I would never do anything
Well, don't do it again. I'll be honest
See I have these these features at the pizza lot in baby. I just caught for sodium
Nah
Is the same thing it's a fish
Can a pan a rectangle your plate rectangular pan. Yeah, we got something in a pan already
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
In fact, I think most of it he had something either in a bag or in a pan. Did I miss you talking about the man that's thing today?
I'm assuming yeah, you missed it. That's because you don't know what time I just unbelievable article on there
It's fantastic nice going Jim. Well right mad dog. He's the man. They don't take any crap anybody's that kind of guy
That was pretty cool and I also missed a part that Hank might be that he's meeting with Greg read this weekend
Maybe coming back. We hope soon I read that in the paper to bother you go. Okay. Well, let's hope they get it all right
You know Jeff Cohen the world's largest biggest prostitute world best pizza. All right, okay
Hold on the money back here and see are you still doing the low carb pizza?
Yes, the whole week crunched. Holy yeah, I want to say this to you because I haven't talked to you in a while since I was there those awfully days but
Trace Rapper you need to beat him up a little bit because that other place that was on with that low carb pizza thing
I said Jeff's not gonna be too happy about this because it wasn't that far from you
Oh, well, they're not advertising a pizza reader that much and then he keeps giving me coffee with nothing about
Anything except pizza pizza pizza pizza. I said ponytail. I'm gonna be too pleased with this former ponytail
I've actually I've mellowed in my old age. Yeah
You just let it run off your back like a duck you got it
My sales guy what do you expect? Okay?
I have exactly have a great the holiday all right, dude, and don't need on Saturday
Please your burning hell see you okay, bye if you're gonna celebrate young Kipper by eating pizza go to the
Yeah, that's right. He needs some real trace. They're two. He knew we're like pet petty Rooney
Right happy Rooney and cheese and roast milk and flour and flour and mix it all up
They're making sure you got separate dishes when you eat this Saturday on your Kipper
I should take off a one day. I mean I got screwed so badly on that whole deal if everybody else wants to pretend to be really
Religious and from and all of that crap on the rush of show and they're not fooling me. They're not going to show
They're not the footnoted beanie. They're not doing any of these things all they're doing is screwing off man
There's one thing I cannot say this people who don't show up every single day for work, you know
God hate that and I'm talking about like the full length of their show too right
No, but you see it he must be talking about that because like everybody else in this audience
He has no idea what time the show starts and he didn't wait
And I'm the while on the one hand. I'm not complaining about see I understand I sound like well
You're just doing a lot of whining which I am it's fun flip flop
but yeah, I'm flippin
But it is really a bitch when it's so spastic. I mean it can be 10 15 it can be 10 45 can be 11 15
We don't know and what really gets me are those long goodbyes man
I mean, you really have to read the entire man head and phone directly and say goodbye to each and every one of them how it is that is that what it takes to
Yeah, what was that?
Here's the apport result who's gotten screwed the worst not the most but the worst of QAM
455 hosts already we've been on for an hour and a half
This is starting to get like the old times you know what
The Eels list is 129. That's I think that might win. Hey, Cole
We're gonna hop her though 105. He's getting screwed and tattooed man, and it don't even feel good
Joe rose 54 bills in for 45 Joe and Mark 42 Jeff the forest 38
Jeff the florist with a corn George Rodriguez 16 year Rogers 10 will how we did it in eight Joe angel for Miguel
Esco bar and Joe Zagaki each have a pair
I'm quite frankly from it. It's past milling at five 60 WQAM
Tokyo for a long time many many years about my good buddy Chuck Alphier
He's the hair expert for over 35 years Charlie's been providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually a hundred percent
detectable and right now Charlie's introducing the latest development in hair restoration
It's called the new laser light therapy treatment and it's used for treating fine and sitting here really fine here
Oh, we're fine this new treatment that's FDA certified we store his hair and scalp back to its healthiest day while increasing hair shaft density and fine
Can you believe that I had a dump Jeff Koneh because he wanted to rag on some
That's bad. Yeah, you see when you hang around with Al Goldstein long enough it starts rubbing off on you so to speak
Anyway, the new laser light therapy that's cool light laser devices effective on both men and women
This is a painless non-invasive treatment. It's completely just about a half an hour
It just takes a few minutes of your life
Charlie and the staff are witness dramatic results with this new system that impedes hair fallout for those of you with fine and
Sitting here so stop waiting for a magic from heaven that's gonna make your sitting here
Stop falling into the sink into the shower or on the floor and give Charlie a caller and more about that new laser light therapy treatment
How can sovia sitting here problem it really can change your life forever?
Here's their toll free number
1 800 321
2413 that's 1 800 321
2413 around the wicked worldwide web. It's Charles Alphairi dot com
You're listening to Neil Roger
We have a different point of view now
Bye bye
In the shower, see you when they get out of here.
Here we are in the saltation we weigh.
The air in the gas fix the air in the hot air.
The weather's not as bright as the air in the hot air.
Who steps in, lies, but be better.
Here in danger, in what your seas are possible.
Where I see you, in the shower, here's a tip for you.
You won't need a pet or a straw for you.
You're the same person, you can see.
I'm the soul of my child, soul of my child, soul of my child.
From 18 to 5.60 W.A.M.
You've been, uh, Jim Man, it's else channel 10.
You can kiss my rear end.
Even though it's not a little bit more like a little dog there than the man dog.
You can kiss my rear end.
But I guess they hung around and they both were tight ends, which is what the room was.
Anyway, I'm going to get back to business here because I got a whole bunch of stuff
and I'm taking calls about pizza again now.
You see it?
Because basically when you come right down to what we'd all rather eat, you know?
Yeah.
Can you imagine if they did have that pill like magic pill that we're all dreaming about?
Can you even imagine how great that would be?
Yeah, it would be great.
We wouldn't ever give it a single pill.
We would probably spend a lot of time on the throne.
Unless the pill, of course, we just make it all like magically disappear.
Kind of like that plane they were talking about.
Just disappear in the thin air.
Wouldn't that be something?
I don't think I'd have time to do the show.
I'd be too.
Or I'm pretty good at eating while I'm doing the show.
I can talk and eat pizza at the same time.
Rather ridiculous.
Are you talking while I'm speaking?
Tell me.
Rather ridiculous rights, John.
Because I got two damn rather articles here that are both great.
One by Antonio Zurbisius, the rights for the Toronto Star.
She is great.
But first, John Nichols, the rights for the nation, which is pretty much a two-shavvy, the rights.
Just about the only sensible voice in the whole controversy over the document CBS NewsU,
then came handed the tent to raise questions about George W. Bush's service in the Texas National Guard,
came from the Terry Tempest Mary and Carr Knox.
As a former assistant from Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Kelly and Bush's squadron commander,
who allegedly suggested that officers had been persuaded to sugarcote their evaluations
of the politically connected young guardsman,
Knox was in a position no more than just about anyone else,
about the authenticity of the documents and the sentiments expressed in them.
In interviews with several news outlets, including CBS,
Knox suggested that the Kelly and Memoes were forged but accurate.
Now that CBS News Anchor Dan Rathers acknowledged that he made a mistake in judgment
when he relied on what now appeared to have been bogus documents for a 60-minute report
that detailed some of the favorable treatment Bush received,
Knox's seemingly strange statement offers only a few realistic routes out of the thicket of spin
the Bush administration is erected to avoid a serious discussion of the president's Vietnam era service in the guard.
He keeps putting service in quotes.
Knox said he didn't think the memos that were purported to have been written by Killian were genuine,
but she said they reflected sentiments to National Guard Commander expressed at the time.
Thus the documents that have caused such a stir as this year's presidential campaign
and his final weeks could indeed be both forged and accurate.
So where should Knox's insight lead us?
First anyone who wants to know the truth about Bush's pampered service
should be furious with rather the CBS crew.
When they refused to follow basic fact-checking standards,
they failed their viewers near broader American public that would for the first time be exposed
by the September 8th, 60-minute broadcastway, seemingly serious review of irregularities related to Bush's entry into the guard.
His ignoring of direct orders is fated to show up for duty and a pattern of reassignments
that seemed always to benefit the son of a then-congressman from Texas
rather than the country he was supposed to be serving.
After more than a month of virtually round-the-clock assessment of Democratic presidential candidate John Kierry's Vietnam service,
major media has a responsibility to re-examine the presidential's controversial service record.
Yet by doing a half-hazard job reporting and rushing to broadcast these supposed blockbuster story,
rather than his crew paid in the hands of a Bush-spin machine that's now expert at peddling the lie
that a liberal media is out to distort the president's record.
While their intent may have been to shed light on an interesting and potentially significant story
of the special treatment recorded this son of privilege,
rather than CBS and their search for a scoop created a fog so thick that it could well obscure the story
for the rest of the campaign.
By relying on a few documents that were not adequately verified, CBS handed White House political
Tsar Karl Rove exactly what he needed to steer attention away from the real story.
Of course, it remains true that as Radar says, those who have criticized aspects of our story have never
criticized the heart of it that George Bush received preferential treatment
against the National Guard and once they are failed to satisfy the requirements of his service.
Unfortunately, the heart of the story has been largely obscured by the controversy over the Dr. Documents.
As such, rather than CBS, our guilty of undermining not just their own story, but the truth.
That's particularly tragic because it was never really their story in the first place.
The basic story of the machinations that George Herbert Walker Bush performed to help the son of Boy Serving and Vietnam
and the dirty details of the son's failure to do as duty as a guardsman
were what were reported almost five years ago by Texas columnist Molly Ivens
and Texas investigative reporter Lou Dubos and their still-essential assessment of young bushes
past the power shrub. The chapter in their book regarding Bush's Vietnam-Mirror Guard duty is exceptionally well-reported,
compelling and ultimately more than any of the Bush family in the current president than anything produced in his publication.
So I'd rather than the CBS grew simply and fight Ivens and Dubos, both experienced Texas reporters
with long histories of sorting fat from fiction when dealing with the Bush family to help produce the 60-minute report
that would have told the story accurately and thoroughly.
Perhaps CBS executive thought that because Ivens and Dubos wrote with a point of view
rather than feigning journalistic impartiality, they could not be trusted to get the sphere a story straight.
That of course is the common bias of the elite broadcast media in the US.
Unfortunately, that bias like rather CBS produces story that has done severe damage to the prospects
that the great mass of Americans will ever learn the truth about their president's Vietnam-era actions.
There is a lesson to be learned here. There was never any need for rather CBS to go searching for a scoop regarding Bush's time in the guard.
The story's already been reported and written by Ivens and Dubos.
What there was was a need for a network with a courage to take that story, attach some pictures and broadcast it.
Unfortunately, CBS proved incapable of performing that simple task and in doing so, CBS put the truth a little further out of reach for most Americans.
That's why we got more tears from that big CBS eye.
The entire unadded interview that Dan Routher did with it.
I think it's a good idea with these organizations typically very reluctant to make available what you might call the outlaw.
Our courage, who really hurts from that program, reliable sources on CNN, what a jerk this guy is.
Guy Licklery, Kramer from CNBC, that clown that got tossed off the air, licked his end, and then they put him back on air.
Of course, there is no such thing. The journalistic credibility American has an oxymoron.
There just rarely exists journalistic credibility. It's all just a dog and pony show.
Like Howard Biel set a circus, a carnival.
How's that pool coming glad you asked?
Now I'm wondering, do you think that normal can't...
I should point out to you that the emails I tried forwarding in the air, I hope I had some success.
No. We not only had Georgia Bush dressed up as a woman, we got Johanna Kerry, and we got Johan Edwards and the whole bunch of them.
All dressed in drag. You'll have to send the blue.
I know he did not get those emails because you're using hot mail.
Yeah, I forwarded to him. He said, try forwarding the thing to him. I tried it again.
I'll have Norma email it directly to him later on.
I'm in the middle of attempting to desperately do a show.
Plus, Norma is supposed to be having Succi with Greg Reed right now discussing my future life and career at WQAM.
Which leads us to that pool result since Greg has this habit of screwing over everybody badly who comes to that door downstairs.
And in some cases you can leave the word over out.
Who got screwed worse than QAM so far?
We got 501 votes already, and the less, that is pretty impressive. Aren't you impressed Josh? Yes.
There. Niels List, there's 137. They've gotten screwed and tattooed.
Hank Goldberg, 121.
Joe Rose, 65. Joe and Mark, 49.
By the way, when did Joe and Mark come in back?
Well, that's right.
Bill's in for 48. Jeff DeForest, 38. Jorge Rodriguez, 21. Niel Rodgers, 12.
Mojave David, 10. Joe Angel, 5. And Gilles Crabar, 2. And Joe Zagaki, with a small pair.
And by the way, in case you forgot to insolize time, I mentioned it.
Joe Zagaki sucks, okay?
26th past noon at 5.60 WDQM, happy Wednesday to you.
Hey, if you want to know more about the following about following a low carb diet,
well, I'm telling you, that Troy Stratford, man, he is just...
He is an accident wing that happened, you know what?
Like I said, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet,
you want the best tasting and larger selected low carb foods at the best price
than head-forward D to lights, a West Gocha.
I've been talking to you about this door for a long time. There's nothing else like it.
When you're starting or restarting the adkins, the sugar busters,
South Beach or any low carb sugar-free diet, the lights of West Gocha has always been.
The number one low carb store in South Florida.
You know, you can shop your local grocery store, but if you want a better selection,
you want to try before you buy it and your questions all answered.
With a front-based customer service anywhere, they come to the low carb headquarters,
the lights of West Gocha. Over 1200 great products waiting for you like Carboholite ice cream,
breads, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookie, then lots more.
The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
You can call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb, or run the web at lowcarb.com,
L-O-W-C-A-R-B. Don't forget there's only one, but what a store it is.
The lights of West Gocha, your official adkins retail center.
You are the season meal Rogers.
It's squished in the mountains in A.M.
The Rogers.
Holy...
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying on the edge.
My auntie has the dolphins there, the worst football team.
There's a snake club the ballroom goal to go, like no one's ever seen.
There on the ground, that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control, and when you say Miami,
they're talking toiletfolders there that, Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
You know what it's just all about me who we left off the pole?
Who?
Gellby.
Okay.
Let's get down there right away, Gellby.
Miami Dolphin's number of many teams in the league.
But first, man.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
Don't bet on them you'll always use.
Ow!
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to but then they and their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami team and they're the Miami Dolphin.
Yeah!
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's number of many teams in the league.
Three, two.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
That's in that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 apples sitting in the stands.
They watched the game and all they do is moan and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how joe robby got the piece of them rich and they're the Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's number of many teams in the league.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have 18 year, that quarter backs at you.
But down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was certain size and there the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number of many teams in the league.
Hey, Cher!
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
She calls his signals in Hebrew.
But dolphins have no team been sent their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush heavey pretzels, you know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than park marks on high zingas of leaf face in there.
But Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number of what the hell 32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're through.
What do they suffer what?
They're not on.
Anyway, the good news is that my next I did forward that email to Eric and he got it.
He's working on it right now as we speak and you're gonna see a whole bunch of pictures on there on our website that he is gonna for your ass man.
They're just a beautiful thing.
And amazing.
It is.
Deputy QA and Hello.
Now, yes sir.
Did you hear that Ben Ratt has been replaced by the Iraqi defense minister?
Okay great.
Deputy QA and Hello.
This team is out with some kind of bet.
We got a shot.
CBS's memo becomes a free pass for more.
You see just the interspersor couple of these man if they are great.
Going over do it with the calls.
But we kind of like a little mix and match, little slip it in here when people are at least expectorating it.
And Tony is a busiest who writes a great comedy Toronto star.
No less.
Why CBS's memo becomes a free pass for which he says way to go CBS.
Thanks to your rush to kick off a new season of 60 minutes to on September 8th with big ratings.
You're bugging about the pro war blogosphere has dubbed memo gate.
Your hesitation to admit the error of your ways and your blinkered eye on the bottom line.
Your carpet bomb, the US presidential race with bluster and blather about,
proportional spacing, milking the little remains of serious political discourse in the US
and making the carry Edwards campaign collateral damage.
Meanwhile, the Bush chained Jedi mind tricksters what consortium got news called them yesterday laugh again
as the media underplay an ever burgeoning budget deficit,
a damaging internal intelligence who fought one of Iraqi civil war,
Britain's impending withdrawal of troops from the coalition,
another lie by defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld on the state,
and size of Iraqi security forces, and just about any story that might damage George W. Bush's run for re-election.
There's nothing stick to this guy who has yet to come clean about his alky,
yet nominating past. After all the basics of the CBS story were true reported five years ago by Greg Polass,
another real, don't just play one on one TV of reporters.
It's easy to imagine what done here with the octane generic executive producer who launched 60 Minutes in 1968
and who held it until CBS pushed him out last June must think of all of this.
In 1998, when the network announced that it would extend his profitable franchise to a second 90 complaint to me that if
Lucille Baller, Jerry Seinfeld, if it had a Lucille Baller, Jerry Seinfeld,
it wouldn't be seeking to plug the schedule with low cost spin-off.
Concerned that the under-resourced second hour would turn his reputation into the original,
he said, news divisions which used to be charged with finding news and outcharge with filling time.
As for all news channels, filling time is all they do, which is why for the past six weeks or so,
TV news is focused so much on side issues such as whether Democratic nominee John Kerry
led Red White and Blue enough during and after a service in Vietnam,
where if super-scripted letters existed on typewriters in the 1970s.
The joke is CBS's biggest critics, including bloggers who not claim victory for killing the NSM,
that's mainstream media, still complain that the legacy old media are liberal media and evil cabal hellbent
on bringing Bush down.
So how come then if the Democrats have such a huge media advantage,
Americans haven't heard much say about Bush's big April flip flop on attacking Fallujah,
or his flip flop last month on winning the war on terror as they have about Kerry supposed flip flop
on voting for the attack on Iraq?
Fact, US Marine Lieutenant General James T. Conway, the outgoing commander in western
and Maccorder reporters on September 12th, that he protested what seemed to be a political decision
to attack Fallujah last spring, but he followed orders sending the troops in.
Three disastrous days later with hundreds dead,
another decision apparently originating in the White House was made to pull out.
Conway opposed that too, but to no avail.
How much did you hear about all of this in that liberal media fuss over IBM's electorates?
Fact, last month Bush told NBC that the war on terror could not be won.
Then he clarified himself by saying this was an unconventional different war,
and then his spokesperson Scott McClendon clarified the clarification,
explained that while the US couldn't win, it would prevail against terror.
How much have you heard about this in the liberal media focus on copies from Kinkos?
Fact, in 2002, Kerry voted to authorize the use of force against the DOM,
but only as he said then, to disarm a rack of weapons and mass destruction
if we can't accomplish that objective through new tough weapons inspections and joint concert with our allies.
Ask yourself if you heard that elucidated in this liberal media course
to crucify CBS Anchor Dan Rather, who a week after 9-11 got behind Bush on David Letterman's show saying,
whatever he wants me and wherever to line up, just tell me where.
Now of course conservative pundits and their accolades in the cyber sphere are calling for Rather's head
because he destroyed his credibility.
Frankly, he did that a long ago, even before he told BBC two years ago,
that pure political reprisal keeps American journalists from asking the toughest of the tough questions
adding I did not accept myself from this criticism.
So thanks, Dan. You've fixed it so that even fewer journalists will stick their next out now.
As for credibility, consider that journalist, like the New York Times Judith Miller,
credited the lives of the now discreet, dramatic ex-Ausmane Chalabi,
who sold them on victory parades with flowers and sweets.
The White House and its cyber-douphs engineered that con job,
but are they apologizing for that? Nah.
So thanks, CBS. Thanks for being liberal and all you're going to investigate it work.
Now please don't do us any more favors.
That I is weeping. Why does it weep? That was great.
It was good. She's great.
20-1-560 WQM. Don't forget to join George and Miguel for a happy R5-7 at Treasure Island this afternoon.
It's right off the palm of the door for the 120-second streeters.
It's stuff I'd win some marginal prizes, but check out this week's feature Stephanie Evans
and her Hong Kong shoot. Is she the one with the pink bottle?
The one. Golf follows all kinds of things.
I see. And you'll be emitting them from the old shoot.
If... Why? When in doubt? Shoot if you out.
If you're planning on replacing your carpeting because they look like crap now,
maybe during a hurricane you had some flooding and some real nasty damage.
Don't worry about it. Instead of spending tons of money on replacing your carpeting with brand new,
just call my good friends at the right concepts.
Have your carpet, your area rugs draper, all of these things professionally clean,
because the right concepts I've been using for over 20 years in my homes is the best in the world
at bringing carpeting back to life no matter how hopeless it may look right now.
These are the only people you ought to trust. They sanitize your home.
They have certified trademark technicians who know their stuff inside and out.
When they get done, your carpet is our vibrant colors off to the touch,
and they're dry and smell them any fresh an hour and a half to two hours.
You can really clean the day and entertain the night.
No rip offs, no scams, no of these per-room deals that the other guys offer.
They give you a written guaranteed, let me say it again,
guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
So call them. They don't have everything in your home looking
spiffy like brand new and no time at all.
Call toll free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Run the Wicked World Wide Web. It's drapeconcepts.com.
Just block your entrance. You won't be able to get out of the house.
I was supposed to sit to chew with anyway, they might as well stay home.
And thank you. Well, we got on that plywood hanging over from Ivan
that didn't hit Southeast Florida. So since we got on that plywood around,
we'll just kind of like nail it up over there all their exits
until the polls close. How's that?
560-50560.
Count 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Hello, me. Yes.
I have a name for you. It's what about Scott Farrale.
You want to put the Scott Farrale on there or not?
No. He didn't get screwed over. He screwed us over.
See, the problem with a lot of the people in the audience is they think they know
something. That's what makes them dangerous. They think they know something.
No, he didn't get screwed over. He screwed us over a big time.
I mean, talk about a loose cannon.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Come on. You don't damn well. Democrats encourage welfare.
And if you're going to jump in here, that's why Clinton did away with it, right?
Oh, boy. These people may enter pretty bright, aren't they?
560-50560.
Let's go and read the Republicans.
Democrats encourage welfare. That's it. That's all they know.
Right. That maybe he was just being cute.
Who knows? But who's boring?
Somebody QA and hello.
Yeah, you hit it right on the head, Neil.
Oh, I. L. Yeah.
And I didn't get a poll yesterday. I didn't catch your show about the game.
What was the poll yesterday? Almost 80% said yes. They're all in favor of it.
And you do know that if the slot machine amendments passes, the Indians will get full gaming.
Yeah.
Yeah. A lot of people, I mean, touch on a little bit.
Well, that's great. More than that.
Yeah, that's great.
You know, making like a living and breathing place. That's what we want, eh?
Yeah, well, I got to go give the line of statements right now.
So I'm going to stand online, baby.
Hi.
Yeah. You know, the problem with South Florida is that you old parts have owned it for long enough.
Okay. I'll look quite frankly. It was another generation of old parts.
Most of whom are pushing up daisies right now.
But then they control it long enough.
It's our time, sorry. Well, it's too beautiful.
And it's too nice in the beach and the sun and the water.
All the other things that I'm a skit is they shouldn't be owned by a bunch of old parts.
We're getting ready to croak. Okay.
It's time for the living and breathing people to move in.
Bus loads, truck loads, butt loads of living and breathing people.
How's that sound? Pretty good, huh?
Yeah.
We'll take it.
Let me know when it starts.
Let me see you, Rogers.
It's pollution blowing.
What's going on?
What's going on?
Let me see.
We got out.
It's just got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tiga, slapping old women with things and lips around the pole.
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers pair and balance one to two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Hey, for real.
That's fine.
By the way, sir.
I've been given it some course.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that we are new to the new, much better, go with six detects.
And not in five, a gen silent, a cranky new.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You know how to ask your weary bag.
Stand back to sight.
No chance I'll always show it to.
I'd rather die with the graphics of your day.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm up in my deep dream.
A Brooklyn high.
I've been raised in my every body but you know that I'm up in my dream.
You're not my target.
Me and my business that wouldn't blow.
Nobody that is, we had a fight.
That you'll survive.
We'll do our magic and a tile.
And push it tight.
That's graphic of death.
We just don't know what it is."
Who are you?
A soul far and far away with a toy nice.
We'll sleep tonight. I think we might be happy to take care of you.
A good friend of mine. Happy to take care of you.
One, one, one, one.
What can you do, baby?
Aaaaah!
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
What's wrong with you, baby?
I noticed even though Geldy's on her now, he's got the big govots.
How can you screw him over because he didn't belong on the first place?
But nevertheless, he's still on payroll.
Right?
Wow, we got a whole bunch of people on the QM payroll
who aren't doing anything for us, who just taking a check.
And I salute them, my hands off to them, okay?
Just the way it goes.
103 at 560 W.M.
Mad Dog, who ain't working for Channel 10 no more,
who's gonna drink whatever the hell beer he wants to drink.
He's gonna be drinking his Heineken whether they like it or not.
He'll be along it too.
And then we got Mojave Davida,
who's one of his very final appearances on that show.
Well, they can always shovel him on the Saturday, right?
Okay, that's something to do a little fill-ins.
Oh, and of course, Geldy, don't forget about him.
He's doing those Panther games.
Right.
I think it is so appropriate that the NHL went out with the lockout
and there's no Panther season, at least not until the least January.
And I really doubt then, while Geldy is broadcast those games,
well, he can sit around like a fool who's in practice, you know?
He can like...
He's practiced for the games.
Here's a bad story from Fort Wayne in D.M.
I don't think there are any good stories from Fort Wayne.
The only good thing ever happened in Fort Wayne speaking of hockey
was the Fort Wayne comments on W.O.W.O.
W.O.W.O.
which was, uh, lowest at 1190, I'm the down.
That's one of the right-tourical.
It was right next to 1180, which was W.A.T.M.
and Rochester a very, very boring station, by the way, all my life.
W.A.T.M. 50,000 watts of boredom.
And 1190, I'm pretty sure, was, uh, W.O.W.O.
You never heard W.O.W.O.?
Sorry, why?
You lived up north once upon a time?
Ohio?
No, W.O.W.O. is Fort Wayne in Vienna.
Sorry, just passed through on a bus.
So, but you understand, you could pick it up at night all over the country, man.
50,000 watts back in the day with, by anyway.
A retired zoo director died after he was stung about a thousand times by European yellow jackets.
Not that he concludes with the, concludes with the Columbus Blue jackets.
European yellow jackets when he fell onto their nest from a ladder
while cleaning windows at his home.
God, I hate when that happens.
Rollwell 75 had been in a coma and Lutheran hospital since September 12th attacked
near a hundred times about 10 miles north of Fort Wayne.
He died yesterday at the hospital.
Wells was the director of the Fort Wayne Children's Zoo from its opening to 65 until his return to 1994.
European yellow jackets swarmed Wells when his step ladder he was standing on a watch windows
collapsed under an underground nest.
Man, he was unconscious, kind of like a brainstem when paramedics arrived.
He suffered cardiac arrest in the attack remained in the coma after being resuscitated.
And guess what, after all of this, Sirus and grief?
He died.
That's it, you guessed it.
Let's see, Hannah Moore in Fort Wayne or any other place.
Can't believe you never heard W.O.W.
Oh, sorry.
I was listening to C.F. on it night.
If I could pick anything up on the ballot.
What fell is that?
Canadian Vancouver.
Oh, never heard that.
And here's some really amazing news.
The police is me because I can't stand either one of their products.
Interestate Bakery's maker of Wonderbread and Twinkies filed for bankruptcy court protection
early today.
Oh, what great news.
There is a guy.
Two, good.
The company which operates 57 Bakeries throughout the United States and employs more than
33,000 people listed assets of $1.6 billion in liabilities of $1.3 billion.
It filed under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, indicating intent to continue its operations
poisoning the public.
The company's been hit by both accounting problems and a drop in sales have contributed
to the popularity of those evil low-carb diets.
Last month, I missed an extended deadline for filing a 10k report with the SEC detailing
its fiscal year financial results for the period ending May 29.
It goes on to detail how much they lost and how much they did and how many people they're
poisoning with at Wonderbread.
They ruined bodies seven or eight different ways.
What is it eight ways?
Seven ways?
Everywhere.
Huh?
No, that's the nearest slogan for 100 years.
Wonderbread builds on butter's body.
Eight million ways.
Yeah, well, guess what?
White bread or keya, baby?
It's poison.
It's nothing but pure bleach starch.
Crap.
And of course, twinkies.
Do I need to say anything about twinkies?
No.
Stick with our beaded curtain.
If you want the twinkies, just stick with our beaded curtain.
We got all the twinkies you could ever want.
Including today, we got Vanessa L. Williams, not to be confused with any of the other
zillions of Vanessa Williams'es, the original Vanessa Williams.
Right.
Vanessa L.
U.S. intelligence agencies concluded recently that Al Qaeda, not that we want to get people nervous
or anything like that, we found on Adam and Cheryl.
Is moving ahead with plans for a major spectacular attack, despite disruptions in some of its operations,
thanks to recent arrests in Britain and Pakistan?
Officials said recent intelligence assessments of the group, which is blamed for the 9-11 attacks,
state that an attack is coming and that the danger will remain high until the November 2 elections
and last until an auguration day on January 20th.
Al Qaeda thinks their credibility is on the line because there hasn't been a major attack since 9-11,
said one official, familiar with the intelligence reports on the group.
A second official said there isn't reason to believe that the reason arrests have disrupted their plans.
Authorities in Pakistan and Britain recently arrested Al Qaeda leaders, but the group uses tight
compartmentation of its operations.
The process used by intelligence services keeps information about operations within small cells of fear which
protects secrecy.
Thus, details of the possible attack remain murky, but analysts say it is planned to be bigger and deadlier
than the 9-11 attacks.
Potential targets include the White House Pentagon, where that mysterious plane struck US
capital and congressional buildings as well as landmarks and business centers in New York,
the official said, I guess if you're in Geneva, New York, you're safe, right?
I guess if you're an if saliney Michigan, probably safe.
If you're like in Opalaka, probably pretty safe.
Sweetwater, no problem, state of Montana.
Not so many problems there.
If you're like in Shelby, Montana, well, you got other problems.
Intelligence officials say a key figure in Al Qaeda's North American operations is Adnan Shukrjuma.
I like that Martin.
Yeah, that's his name.
That's Shukrjuma, who's being sought by the FBI for the past several years.
I wonder if his mother's name is Mama Shukrjuma.
Oh, do I have some beautiful lines for that?
But I can't say that.
Shukrjuma.
Right.
One official said Shukrjuma recently was seen in Mexico.
Earlier been in Canada, you're a university with a nuclear reactor leading to the concerns he was seeking radioactive material for a radiological bomb.
Oh, my God.
In Mexican newspaper Proceso, quoting Mexican officials reported earlier this month at Shukrjuma,
was being sought in Northeast New Mexico after being practiced in Norway in August.
Acting CIA director John McLaughlin, and boy, what a bad actor was, told the Senate hearing last month,
that Al Qaeda's ability to keep his operations secret as a strategic weapon.
He told the Senate Armed Services Committee that the group compartment,
compartment secrets down to a handful of people in a cave somewhere.
It's very well documented in 9-11 report how few people knew about that.
The EU's secrecy is a strategic weapon.
It's a strategic weapon for them because they, it asymmetrically, works against this because we don't keep secrets very well.
Several key arrested Al Qaeda members were made over the past several months.
We know about that, but we better move the rest of the way.
So they're planning a big one, so they say, because they want to keep you peeing in your pants and terrified.
In fact, Josh Becker went in and, well, when did he start last for the Marlins?
Josh, for his injured.
No, no, AJ, Bernat's injured. He's far away from Becker.
He's still on the rotation, right?
He is.
Because in the fourth and the last game he started, he mysteriously raced for the dugout right in the middle of the inning,
and raced into the locker room for the tea rooms.
In fact, he told us teammates on the way out he had a piece of bad, he could almost taste it.
Speaking of that, what?
That's a true story. When you've got to go, you've got to go, man.
Speaking of that, what a seg, well, I love this seg, man, when you're hot, you're hot.
I wish I could speak to them. Maybe it was that ice cream I had yesterday.
You know what I had? I had, so you ever had soy milk ice cream?
I can't say that I had. It's not bad tasting, but it's just, it's pure sugar.
And it has no fat, so it goes like, see, regular ice cream for the glycemic index isn't really that bad.
It's not good. Eventually it'll send you a lot of sugar, but that takes a while.
At least you can go home and lay down and wait to die.
But the reason for that is that it has a very high fat content, especially good ice cream like Ben and Jerry's, very high in fat.
But the soy milk ice cream doesn't have any fat. It's fat-free, which if you're diabetic or you're one of those people who doesn't want to have like a sugar load, sugar rush, not good idea.
Because man, it just goes, sorry, it's like injecting pure sugar into your veins.
The needle wasn't, something like that.
So do fueling obesity epidemic. Well, I tell you. And then of course we got the Mexican Coke and Passover Coke.
It is true that in different parts of the world, even though it comes in the same looking bottles and cans,
that Coca-Cola tastes muy diferente, like in Europe, for example, and Amsterdam.
Man, they must use the brown water from the canals. Then they don't have to, but then they don't have to color it.
Oh gosh, that stuff gives you, you are just searching, diving for the magic room all over the city.
Every time you start drinking that Dutch Coke.
Oops.
So let's do the break, and then we'll come back and analyze these about the as Coke problem.
Also, the EPA tells us that 13% of airline water is unsafe. So do not be drinking water that they bring like to your table and in or to your seat.
And do not definitely be drinking water out of the tea room, John.
You always need to need a Roger C. Resonate on the car.
So let's do the same.
And...
Pictures are up, you are going to pee your pain.
This is CBS.
You're both automatic dreams.
Glass, you made it like a computer, like a geoprene.
The video came, then it's the latest title, let them.
That just the old house room is again.
That's the brother governor that's on the car, another guy, another man.
And through Coke, the this title, let them.
That is the old house room is again.
This is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house room.
That is the old house windows yard, single out those doors on the destroyer line above the inside window...
But the key here is the top floor and the key up the core is the ceiling.
The heat comes off and you can't push it,
Take your doctor bed from
18, I'm ready. You might just sit there all day and prove those pictures, man. What we need is a woman president. Take a look at neo-rojus.com. They're the poor candidates. You see them? Yeah.
You don't like them? Oh, no, I like them. I've seen them already.
Where you are tough. You're tough to crack. Yeah, that's me. You've seen them already and what? What does that mean? You know, whatever. They're cute. I thought they were great. They're just bigger issues. You know.
When they're perfect. Well, I mean, this guy's an evil Nazi and you know, put this picture on women. This fine and funny and everything. But like the song says, can we have a chuckle or two here and there? No, again. Do it again. They're funny.
Well, the first day or what, Josh, what's his story? Maybe the pizza was bad. Oh, did you get pizza? Yeah, we did. From Tony. Oh, that's going to be bad because Jeff Cohen called before plugging a pizza lock, other than not near any, you know, not near each other.
We got him from Tony's today, which is great. They did one really fantastic stuff. And the one thing about Tony's is, Brad doesn't call us on the year all the time looking for a free plug.
For the first time, pictures are great. For the first time Americans are getting more their calories from a stopper. Now, let me give you an example of this. My mother used to drink. You know, she'd have diet soda for me for my once a week appearance there for lunch.
She would drink regular soda with sugar and I'd been, of course, she was fat as long as I can remember heavy fat. And I'd say, what are you drinking regular stuff? I don't like that diet. I don't like it.
And those days that was saccharine, which was poison and nasty. And look for the figure man. She's dead.
Holy made it to 91 because she was drinking all that soda with sugar in it. Asuka. As silly crews would say, I'm not really sure which one.
I am silly. I'm losing. I am dead now. But I remember when I was alive. I really didn't want to go to the world.
This is really, this is going to be a big deal. This is really, this is going to be a big deal. And when other people come to the world, they're going to be a big deal.
I'm not thinking of dead and I'm going to fall. I'm going to fall. I'm going to fall.
See, I told that I get her to sit. For the first time Americans are getting more of their calories from soft rinks than from milk.
Well, what's the big stimulus with that boys? And girls, milk, okay, a milk is bad for you. There is no other animal on the face of the earth besides man that drinks the milk of another animal.
You ever stop and think about that? No. Well, think about it.
Researchers at University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, analyzed national beverage consumption patterns from more than 73,000 Americans aged to and older.
The study is discovered that between 1977 and 2001, overall calories from sweetened beverages are up. I was going to go into a thing about breast milk, but I better not.
When are all calories from, well, I mean, it's mother's milk. It's the same animal anyway. If it's fine, but drinking cow's milk, what the hell, what up with that?
They make more than women do.
Overall calories from sweetened beverages are up 135% between 1977 and 2001. Overall, Americans got 38% fewer daily calories from milk, which is a step in the right direction.
Americans now get an average of 144 calories a day from sugar sweetened soft drinks and only 99 calories from milk. If they were smart, they would be drinking either one of those.
For young people aged 2 to 18, milk fell from 13.2% of total calories to 8.3% and soda consumption doubled.
Oh my God.
Old Americans drank more soda like my mother and I she's dead. Those 40 to 59 increase, shall we take from 2 to 5% among people 60 year older.
Consumption rose nearly 1% from 1% to 3%. Now, it rose nearly up 1% up to 3%. Well, they write these things. So no wonder it's not just my bad reading day. They write these like crap.
This is really a comprehensive analysis that love research has concluded that the obesity epidemic could be curtailed. If Americans reduce their intake of sweetened soft drinks and fruit drinks, well guess what?
I don't drink sweetened soft drinks. I don't drink fruit drinks and I'm still fat. How do you like that?
But this report includes both fruit drinks and soft drinks with added sugar like high fructose corn syrup. There you go.
It says part of the problem is that if we decrease our milk intake, our bone growth suffers. Well guess what? I don't drink milk and have them for years and my bone is just fine.
Most various supplies, 75% of calcium in our diet, we need that to build strong bones. I say this is just like Wonder Bread builds strong body eight ways out of an LLI wasn't it'll kill you.
If it's not the Twinkies that'll kill you, it's the frickin' Wonder Bread. White bread is for lunatics, man. It's for goyem. White bread with mayonnaise.
White bread would like to spam and mayonnaise. For trailer trash, for real goyem, the people that are on the jury's fingers show eat that. White bread sandwiches. For slices of velvita cheese and colpia. And baloney.
My Oscar might ever have Oscar myawingers. Yeah. For as famous as they are, they make the worst hot dogs I've ever had my life. They're not my favorite. No.
Oh, your favorite. I said they're not my favorite. No, I know but I mean how could they even be in a category of anybody's favorite. Anybody who I don't know your winners if you're eating Oscar myer. I try not to. Hebrew National for me baby. May hebrew National is good. Nathan's direction. Yes they are.
Nathan's. What's not to like? They're cut. What do Mexican coconut Passover coke have in common? The secret is out the special coconut cola producer pays off for Passover.
Oh, I mean the auspices of the Orthodox Union, the OEU may actually be the premium coke. Coca-Cola officials in Atlanta are concerned by growing demand by US colic connoisseurs for foreign made coke which has real sugar and costs more than the everyday variety made with high-frocious corn syrup.
The ingredients that's removed for paysocks. Well, why would that be? I'm telling you these Orthodox Jews may have one Gary Sarner who just look at him and he'll tell you everything you need to know.
I'll authorize distribution that works for the Mexican made coke and sprung up to truck the brown fizzy soda across the Rio Grande and around the country. It's brown and fizzy. In for a worth of it can be found in outlets from Central Market and the Fiesta market to family owned taco stayed.
I don't tell my joy says something about his brown and fizzy. She'll appear pants with me here's that. To talk to me to be doing the brown apple quick step. The Coca-Cola company in Atlanta says it wants the trafficking in Mexican cof stock. We want the Mexican to hold the field. Stop it now.
I'll start pounding on the table. You know what we've got all the way to almost 130 in our techno from the day. We'll watch it now. The suffering industry switched from sugar to a 50 50 blend 50 50 with high-frocious corn syrup in the early 80s and shifting gradually just to corn sweetener to Richard Adamson American divergence to vice president scientific and technical affairs.
Coca-Cola produces a special version of coke for Passover where it replaces the corn syrup with the sugar. The Passover coke is extremely popular with Jews who observe Passover and even with some non-Jews or allergic to corn. In other words, they can't listen to default.
You want to listen to beautiful little Roger's exclusive way of advice to the end of the bitch. Absolutely.
You're wrong. You're absolutely incorrect. Oh, I love this because I've been bitching about this for years and I thought it was only yours truly.
I thought it was just a few of us. Purest out there. If from the other times from a couple of days ago by Stacey Alvin, the headlines says you say prosciutto. I say prosciutto. And purest.
She spent many days in the Bronx with her Sicilian grandmother, Sebastiana, Sarolo, learning how to cook with mozzarella. Only Mrs. Gustafsons did not call it mozzarella. She said mozzarella. Wrong? Not to many New Yorkers or New Joysians. Not to some vendors at the annual feast of Sam's in Arrow in Little Italy this week, but it makes it sad in teachers the purest of the language just as Dante wrote it.
It wins. And the rest of us as well. We learned into that Guito thing, man. Most of the Guito's need a big vowel movement. They suffer prosciutto, prosciutto, calzone, calzone becoming calzone and past the pejora becoming past the pejora.
Outside of butcher shop in Bokram Hill, Brooklyn, recently Mrs. Gustafsons had said their language lessons were conducted at the kitchen table. Everything I know about Italian food is about Italian, whether it's food centers, you said.
Adding that a grandmother was not educated, couldn't spell the words as she wrote down her recipes, which ended up half an Italian half an English.
Neither grandma nor anyone in the neighborhood, the Morse Park section of the Bronx, which had a large enclave of Italian immigrants.
Ever challenge Mrs. Gustafsons pronunciation and neither did the Italian butcher who pronounced his final vowels.
The Italians, they don't correct Mrs. Gustafsons in 34 said, they're not like the French will correct you. That's because the French are rude and obnoxious and pigs.
Stepano Albertini, who is the director of New York University's Italian cultural center, agreed. Generally speaking, Italians are rather grateful to anyone who speaks Italian. They think Italian comes in so many varieties and accents.
In fact, in some parts of Italy, the dropping of the final vowels is common. For example, I'm in this is just my comment in Rome, if you want to say thank you, is it Grazia?
In northern Italy, like in Milan, Grazia. They did just Grazia, a funny, a violent Grazia. Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Gra
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia
Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, Grazia, well done but it's more like it 2020, but friendship is not as important. D apprenticeship on music is looking much better for our future.
