Did I hear Joseph and Moe was very entertaining?
Absolutely.
That is a shocker.
I heard it!
Oh, I heard it!
I heard it!
I heard it!
I heard it!
I heard it!
I heard it!
I heard it!
I heard it!
Why, two days, we've got time,
when all computers go off-line.
Why, two days, when we've got time,
everybody's gonna die.
People will panic, we'll burn it as high as it
might rip that in a magazine.
In a comic book store,
if you believe it's the end of the world,
and see the market,
ration again,
or do you believe in any of the long times?
Start jumping away!
Be a friend.
Be very a friend.
A of your tenure as Secretary of State.
We lost 224 people.
Pretty exciting, the 9-11 commission is finally meeting.
Is Condoleez going to testify in public this time?
No, he just got to say,
we encourage her,
and we wish she would be here and reconsidering the audio.
And it was like a sitting ovation,
but she ain't gonna do it.
Bitch.
10-0-2 at 5-60 W-D-Q-A-N.
This is a little bit disturbing.
In fact, I probably should have waited to play-
Be a friend.
Be very a friend.
Until I've ever mentioned this.
And that is really defensive.
What was that guy?
He was something.
He once ate halivine and televiver something.
I've got to call this guy talking about it.
The guy that called yesterday that you said showed up in the hearings.
Oh, I don't know.
Yeah, he's a former Israeli army guy.
He made me a good guy, but he's for a crap.
Israeli defense minister,
Shaul Mofaz and his security chiefs have decided to try to kill the entire Hamas leadership
without waiting for another terror attack security sources to say,
they're gonna kill them all.
Also, the Israeli army chief hinted that Palestinian leader,
yes or amafar, could be in the crosshairs for an Israeli attack soon.
So again, I'll say-
Yeah, there's a lot of crazy people running around in the world
where we're just trying to stay alive.
That's all.
That's all we want to do.
Mine are all business.
Enjoy life a little bit.
That's all while it lasts.
Right, while it lasts while they leave us alive.
Just enjoy just a teeny tiny bit.
I mean, we can't say and we can't do anything.
Now today we will get to 10,000 on our stop FCC.com.
We're brainstorming.
It looks like if USA Today will take the ad,
which I think they will.
Why not?
I-
Who does?
So what did I say we need to raise to get the quarter page ad in the USA
about 30?
Yeah, about 30 is right.
I got to hear some more.
We'll get into that.
I do have the book in my hand though,
against all enemies by Richard A. Clark,
inside America's war on terror.
I read about 27 pages before I finally nodded off last night.
Then good.
How about better than the Pollo Neal book?
The O'Neal book is okay.
It's got its moments, but I don't know.
It just leads me kind of limp.
Just like Pollo Neal.
Of himself leads me kind of limp.
You agree?
Yeah.
Week.
He's kind of-
He's kind of-
I mean, you know, I'm not not going to be made-
He never stole a freight train,
but he just said, I don't know, he ain't no mad at all, right?
I did favor military action.
Well, there you go.
See?
See what I mean?
She just-
She just knocked him up against the wall sideways
if he just gave her one dirty look.
That'd be the end of him.
And anyway, Richard Clark happens to be registered Republican.
Were you aware of that?
Yes, I was.
What you are in this?
I am.
He's registered Republican.
He worked the course for four presidents, Reagan,
Bush one, Clinton and the Bush-Mistor two, W.
And so those-
That frantic attack that came out yesterday, just, I mean, hysterical.
It goes to show you, man, that they are dropping some bricks up there in the White House.
Can I still say that they're dropping bricks?
I don't think so.
Well, I mean, who knows?
Maybe there's a little construction going on.
They're dropping bricks.
I think I can say that.
Although, Duff is probably said-
Oh, gee, do you hear what he said?
Clarins, oh my god, let's do it again.
Bricks rhymes with-
Hicks, right?
Spicks.
And that's it.
Don't-
See, don't start this game.
I'm telling you right now.
In fact, I have a suggestion for you.
Be a friend.
Yeah.
Be very friend.
That's my suggestion for you,
since Greg already hates you like poison.
Your small potatoes, Mr.
So just-
I keep trying to tell you,
mind your peace and cues.
Can we say those?
Well, it all depends on what the peace stands for, what the queues and for that.
That's the operative question here.
Q-I-M.
Yeah, Q for Q-I-M.
Let's hear it.
All right.
And of course, uh, queer, it stands for queer.
We can still say queer.
Can't we-
Yeah.
That's good.
It can't be one.
You can't be one,
and you can't, uh, think about that stuff.
Oh, and speak out of that.
Well, let me get to a couple of things first.
First things first.
What did I just do with that, uh, uh,
Oh, here it is.
Thing you just sent me.
Not too important.
The mind-y-date police bomb squad
is investigating a suspicious package found
near the bird road exit just east of the palm
metal this morning.
The FHP shut down the expressway
in both directions around 745 as a precaution.
NBC 6 says that more information
as the story develops.
You might want to take a puke at their website
and see what's going on or might even want to take a puke
on the tube there,
which would be disgrace.
I'm busy watching metal and all bright.
Well, as a secretary of state on terrorism,
we'll have uh, secretary Powell follow you.
What percent of your time if you can give us
a rough estimation?
Did you spend?
You had Middle East peace.
You certainly were one of the driving forces
in being a hawk with respect to Kosovo
and using our military there.
What percent of your time can you best estimate
that you sped on counterterrorism politics?
About 30, man.
Yes.
Good answer, Madeline.
You go, girl.
Anyway, we got a lot of stuff to do here.
We don't have time for this.
Those people are one to listen to hang on every word.
Have a good time doing it.
Let us know what they said later.
Look for the QM van from Noonditute today.
It's senior stereo located at 1919 West Pines,
Boulevard and Pembroke Pines.
Stop by and spin the prize wheel
to win tickets for the United's Panthers Devils Game
at the ODC.
Oh, the Orifice Depot Center.
Or they have that fantastic Lexus Parking section
which makes everybody else walk about 500 yards extra
so that the hot shots that drive a Lexus
can park up real close to the escalator.
Well, it's too bad, loving.
That's known to two at senior stereo
in Pembroke Pines today.
Who's going to be there?
Is it going to be Miguel?
No, I know.
Scott.
Okay.
Okay, what?
Sure, if you say so.
Well, no, is that the answer?
I think so.
Oh, by a little bit.
Oh, surely Scott will be there.
Strange, squirly, not surely, but squirly.
He is a squirly dude with a red push
and just a strange, the whole, out of the hold, on beyond.
So go over there and have a chat with Scott.
And you know, let's just spin the wheel.
Might win some games to the tickets to the hockey game
then I where most people get in there free anyway.
And the people I did want to pay,
they're just doing everything under the sun to piss them off.
I mentioned that yesterday.
I also forgot to mention a stir about my neighbor.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah, well, see, it didn't, it stuck in my crawl.
I know that I was thinking of shower this morning.
I thought, dang hot, dang.
I forgot to mention that yesterday.
Gosh darn.
No, I even think of those terms now.
Yeah, I don't think to myself, even in any of those words
that we can't say no more.
No, I just cleaned up my brain.
Well, speaking a little odd, you're speaking.
So gosh darn, come to find out that,
John went outside to check the mail
or something like that a few days ago.
One of our neighbors, I don't want to say which one exactly
because I don't know.
No, no, I mean, since my friend Bernie,
his wife passed away and he moved,
sold a house and moved since he moved out of the hood,
I don't really have very much to do with any of the neighbors.
I don't know about you, but
I don't know how to do with your neighbors either.
I'm not saying that they ever stole a freight train,
or anything like that,
but I just have nothing common with most of them people
and the less I see them, the happier I am.
And I'm sure they feel the same way.
So anyway, this particular neighbor
who ordinarily hasn't said ten words since they lived in that house
started a conversation with John and said,
well, you know, I see that you must have changed your mind
about selling the house because we had a four-said sign.
You know that about several months right.
And yeah, and so what he did was he took,
he got tired of waiting for the realtor to do it.
So he moved the sign, he just put it on the side of the house
over on the side, well out of view of anybody
unless you're looking for it.
And she said, well, I see you got the sign over there.
How long are you going to leave that there?
And he said, well, I just put it out of the way.
He said, well, I'm tired looking at it.
I'm tired looking at it.
Right. Yeah.
Is it in the front of the house?
No.
Is it anywhere near where this person would see it
unless going out of the way to?
No.
I mean, I don't, I never heard such a thing in my life.
I'm tired of looking at it.
Oh.
See, my response would have been,
I'm tired of looking at you, bitch.
That would have been my response immediately.
I mean, what kind of a neighbor is that?
You don't even live in coral cables for crying out loud.
Why?
In fact, I might just have him just lay it right out
in the middle of the lawn there just as a protest.
I don't know what the hell that means.
No, I'm a beautiful offense in the gate.
That's unacceptable.
That's just not very neighborly and not very nice.
So mind your own business and quit standing on a ladder
and looking at the ceiling and see the first sale sign.
OK.
In fact, maybe it is still for sale.
And if you keep it up, it will be.
Keep up your crappy tood.
Maybe she could go to the other house.
I beg your pardon?
You should go nail it on their front line.
I think that's your way to ID.
In fact, the sooner they move, the happier I'll be now.
How do you like that?
And I had nothing against them.
I don't even know them, really.
I mean, just, you know, hello and goodbye.
Get lost.
But in any rate, that was a very sad experience.
That's a typical Florida experience
where the people are surly, hostile,
just unfriendly folks.
Most of not all of them.
There are a few people in South Florida
who are nice folks that you like to, you know,
whine and dine with them.
Maybe have a little chat, a little verbal intercourse.
Can I say verbal intercourse?
No.
A little verbal f***ing course.
But that ain't one of them.
I find that to be just inexplicable.
It's not like there was ever,
oh, she also inquired about the health of my two dogs.
How are your dogs?
See?
Can't you hear?
So I would suggest that she's probably a little bit out of touch
since they've both been dead for quite some time now.
They're very, very, very dead.
And it's not like they're coming back anytime soon
because they were both cremated.
So, in fact, maybe I can get the ashes still
and sprinkle them on her lawn to fertilize.
Would be good, you think?
It's a bit of what you use for fertilizing.
Uh-huh.
Not, see, there he goes again, Josh.
It's very early in the show.
We haven't even done the first break yet.
Can't say fertilizing.
Right off the bat.
There he goes.
No, no, no, no.
It's a, you're talking about substance, huh?
See?
That's what you're talking about.
What you use for fertilizer.
We know what, we catch your drift.
I can sniff it.
Talking about nitrogen.
No, you're not.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
With all the FCC crack going on,
Neil should just keep ripping bush and ass.
1542 out of only three shy of 2300 votes.
2297, that's shocking.
1542, 67.1 percent said,
keep ripping bush and ass and I will.
And even Madeline Albright's written on ass.
We're helpful.
See?
Keep going as best he can.
442.
Retire!
130, 5.6 percent.
That flirty day with a 6 percent for quite a while.
That would be boring.
5.6 percent, which is perfect because it's 5.60.
Do a hockey show 59.
A hockey show.
Go back to all bedtime stories 54.
Where did that come from?
Uh oh.
Do a sports show 54 and play music.
That was my vote.
My first choice only 16.
Dang it.
See?
Two at a bunch of party poopers there.
I mean party.
F***ers they are.
Yeah.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.
60 Wtq.
If you're in a dead end job,
if you're underpaid and overworked like so many people are,
if you're sick and tired and not having two nickels to rub together,
not having enough cash to really have a real serious life.
I have no life.
Then change it.
Make one easy call to fast train at 1-866 fast train.
I've been telling you about these people for years and it's a reality.
Fast train can have you train and certified
for a great high paying computer network professional career.
And a short time is four months.
It's the middle of March, April, May, June,
Julio, baby.
In the middle of July, you can be ready to rock and roll.
You can be fully trained and ready for a new career
and they offer you, they evening a weekend classes too,
if you're around your schedule.
Fast train offers job placement assistance financially
to people who qualify and with seven convenient
Florida locations to serve you,
there's no question there's about to be one near you.
So if you want to be a trained and certified
for a great high paying computer network professional career,
all you got to do is make one easy call and find out about it.
No obligation.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com
and then make that call that can give you a brand new high paying career.
A big fat one, it goes along with it in the paycheck too.
Call 1-866 fast train.
Don't delay column today and be sure until the Todd Direct
told you to call.
Slide in local.
Here's 4th video, 560, QA-M.
I kind of feel clueless right now, Bill.
Kind of like a unique and a horror.
Everyone loved William Huns bang up job on American Idol.
And now all of William Huns greatest hits are on one amazing CD.
It's hung up on Hun.
1-2-3-4, 5-8-6-8,
it's hung up on Hun.
Because she wrote me so in this high number show.
Oh, here you are.
Yes, from Outcast to JLo.
Everyone's hung up on Hun.
J Row in the house.
Don't be fooled by a rock that I got.
Ice beer, ice beer, a beer from Brock.
He used to have a little.
Now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't get him up of hung up on Hun.
You can fire me in a grove,
fire for a bob,
but I got what you need if you need a pure buzz.
It's worth a lot more than 50 cents.
Order now, you'll also get this free bonus CD.
An American Idol loser sings the American Idol winner.
Cool.
They're in a rob.
Huh.
What happened to?
He sings a pen dance.
No wrong or a need to be the pen chef.
Goodbye.
Oh, you when the rob is true.
William Huns, hung up on Hun is only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame.
So don't delay.
Calm down.
I don't think we can say hung no more.
Can we?
No.
No.
1018 at 560 W.D. Crembers of Facts from David Miami who says,
isn't 60 minutes and 2020 a TV show.
It's amazing the present as the minister is responding to a TV show.
Now they're not responding to the TV show.
They're responding to the book.
They're responding to Dick Clark and his American bandstand.
It says, if Bart Simpson says something about the president, will Ms. Rice respond?
I'm the way to begin telling you what's wrong with that.
Probably.
But she'll do it only behind closed doors.
Not in public.
Kind of Lisa.
She looks like a really,
do I even say?
No, no, I'm serious.
She looks like a burned out old hooker to me.
Kind of Lisa would have gapped tooth and had black eye man.
She's a nasty looking bitch.
You see her yesterday?
Yep.
And betta me betta me betta me betta me betta me betta me.
Wow.
She was just stumbling and fumbling all over the place.
What we got two polls for today.
Two for the price of one.
First one will do just, I don't know, hour and some odd minutes.
Because I don't think we'll get to, yeah, some of those we need to leave on there the whole time.
I mentioned this the other day.
Tomorrow,
tomorrow morning,
these Supreme Court justices will hold a one hour hearing with attorneys over the meaning of the words
and the pledge of allegiance affirming that America exists under God and responds to that lawsuit
by the guy in California.
A phrase that an appeal score set amongst religious exercise and must be omitted when public
schoolchildren recite the pledge because obviously in public schools, religion ain't got no place.
Please crack or please.
So we're asking today just like the Aboston Globe poll yesterday, although the third one
I, third choice, I guess a little bit different.
Do you think the words under God should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools?
Very straightforward question.
Very easy, I think.
Yes, get religion out of public schools.
No, it's part of American life or who gives a shmit.
Do you think the words under God should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools?
Yes, get religion out of public schools.
No, it's part of American life or who gives a good flying.
Right crap.
Or we can still say crap.
Aren't you excited about that?
I'm so excited.
In fact, the situation where the FCC has gotten so grotesque now that what we're going to get
from the beastly this week is a list of the words that we still can say.
It's going to be a very short list.
Like, hello, goodbye.
How are you?
Yes, stuff like that.
We could just use those fun with ticking chain books.
Oh, look at this already.
No, it's part of American life 11 on who gives a shmit 10 and yes, get religion out of public schools.
Seven.
That's interesting.
Out of the first 28 votes.
But of course, it's American example pie and these people, most of them are so conditioned
into thinking it belongs in there, which it never was in there.
In the first place, one nation under God, the indivisible yada yada, it was never in there.
I mean, if they want to say one nation under God.
That's a different story.
I have no problem with that.
Although, we'll copy right it and make a few bucks.
Now, let's see, that's our poll number one.
Poll number two, well, we'll get to it later because then they'll start calling in with that stuff now.
I don't want to do that.
What did I do with that thing from USA today?
I give up that you, huh?
Oh, I know what I did with that.
I folded it up and put it in my against all enemies book.
I don't why I did that.
We've already, Eric has already got away figured out for us to raise some cash.
And I will say this, it's not going to be one of these deals where,
oh, well, is it going to be a, uh, uh, not for profit organization so we can deduct it from our taxes?
No, we don't have time to register and go through all of that stuff.
Do we know?
You know what I mean?
No.
No, we don't have time for that.
So if you want to donate because you think you're going to get a tax rebate on your 50 bucks or 10 bucks or whatever,
forget about it.
And in the next sometime, the next few days we'll tell you exactly how we're going to do this.
USA today requires only a couple of days,
advance notice for ads.
We got their, uh, national rate card.
And a quarter page black and white ad in the USA today, Monday through Thursday,
cost $31,600.
How much?
3rd man.
We have about 30 grand a little bit more than that.
So I'm confident if I put in the first couple of grand and then we get some other big shooters out there.
And if we get a whole lot of people who really care about the first amendment
and saving, uh, uh, freedom of speech and nipping in the butt and getting this,
see the purpose of it in case you tuned in the middle of this whole deal we're doing.
The purpose is to get a million signatures on Scott's petition.
Scott's a guy in New York who was a Howard Stern listener called in on Stern one day.
Got a minute, very abrupt on air, but nevertheless,
plug to his stop FCC.com website, which he's doing a great job.
And we're helping out.
We've got a lot of Floridians to assign a petition to.
And if we can get a million signatures at that point, members of Congress will all of us
have an open their eyes and realize that people are pissed off and fired up if we can still say that.
And of course by then maybe we won't be able to say that, but let's hope we can.
I'm trying to get on that thing again, and I can't, uh, do you think it's all jammed up?
Stop FCC.com.
Are you on it?
No, I'm going now.
You're going now?
Well, let us know when you get back.
It's why?
I said, let me give it a shot.
I can't get on it.
I'm not, uh, I'm not going there, girlfriend.
Well, I'll be damned.
Well, at the beginning of the show, we had 9,747 from Florida.
There goes.
And what does it say?
97 57 for Florida.
97 57.
So we need 243 during the show now.
Yesterday, I made a bad mistake of going for 9,000.
And much too late.
We didn't get started like about 1220.
That was a bad move.
I mean, not that these individual numbers are really in a contest with the other states,
although we're proud number three behind Texas and California.
But, uh, it's just a way of trying to motivate people and try to like
reach another hurdle every day and get more and more people who are disgusted
in the scared crapless.
If we can still say that about what's happening with, uh, as they make it up,
as they go along.
There was a piece last night on MSNBC.
Well, I tell you who really is awful, just awful.
Who's awful?
And when you're talking about MSNBC, that covers a lot of territory.
But Dan Abrams, you know, the attorney, a punk,
he is just horrible.
He had on some broad, who's, uh, on Howard Stern all the time.
I don't know who she is, some comedian.
And then he had some guy that some,
some crusty old guy with the bifocals that used to be, uh, something to do with the FCC.
And man, I'm telling you, it was the most pathetic, the most tragic thing I've ever seen in my life.
It would, you know, about this issue again.
But of course it always has to come back to Howard.
Howard does have a good idea, though, and has to get people to go after Oprah.
Mm-hmm.
And the thrust of the discussion was, you know, Oprah has these discussions about teenage sex.
Well, you know, if it, and in the past, when people try to protest against Oprah,
the FCC's response was, well, if it's in a clinical discussion,
and if it's in that context, then it's okay.
So you can discuss tossing the salad and anal sex at oral sex and masturbation and all of these things.
If it's in a clinical way, and not to titillate the audience, you know,
bullcrab.
See, the FCC, uh, for purposes of their own censorship,
evidently decided nobody's got a sense of humor, no more.
Are you not out of deal?
So a lot of the stuff that we've used to do, like the fart noises, for example,
which there is no, I don't care what comes out on that poll we did.
Nobody with a brain or any sense of humor could possibly be offended by that.
They do it on cartoons and kid shows, kids cartoons.
Yes.
They do it in commercials with farting horses.
So but the idea is that everything is deathless serious now, and we know what you went by,
but well, of course you don't.
Of course not.
So everybody is scared to do anything at this point.
So we need another 243 people to sign a petition between now and two o'clock
to get to 10,000, which be a nice, nice hurdle to a hop-over, wouldn't it?
Yeah, well, in just a short period of time.
So go to stopfcc.com if you haven't done it already.
And let's go.
Let's get with it.
And I'm threatened, I say that's our cash decree.
I don't mean threatened in a literal sense, but I'm a promise that this is the week.
This is the week that just maybe possibly that the Beasley corporate attorneys will get
their crap together and they'll give us a list in some specific, as it is now we're just
driving, we're flying blind.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know you mean.
Like you hop on your, your plane to New York and about, you know, halfway up the coast,
on comes the captain.
Well, good morning.
It's your captain.
My name is Stevie Wonder.
My co-captain is Ray Charles and we're hoping that we get there safely.
We're flying blind.
And the same thing.
To which I would say, my, my, my, let me out of here.
I feel like a little worked up here this morning, which I probably shouldn't be.
Just try to calm me down.
Give me all, you know, I'll riled up.
107 votes on a pool already.
Do you think the words under God should be removed from the Pledge of Allegiance in public schools?
Yes, give religion out of public schools.
51.
Well, thank God.
Oh, God.
That they're trying to get in the right answer.
A who gives a Schmidt 31?
Or no, it's part of American life, 25.
Whatever, whatever that means.
But, you know, I couldn't phrase it any other way.
How else could you justify it?
It's a tradition.
Just like slavery was a tradition.
Just like, you know, all of the other bigotry is a tradition.
So therefore, it must be okay.
Like beating.
Right, white beating is a tradition.
Let's keep it up.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
If you're planning on replacing your carpets, it's going to cost you a ton of cash
to put new carpeting down.
Don't do it.
Call my good friends at dry concepts because they'll take even the schmutziest
nastiest looking carpeting and make them look just like brand new.
You may think I'm wrong, but you'll be amazed it's like a miracle was done right on your floor.
Whether it's your carpet, your area rug, your drapery.
If you want them professionally cleaned, they're only one folk they ought to be talking
do. And that's our friends at dry concepts.
They've been around for a hell of a long time.
While others have come and gone, they've been doing work for me for over 20 years in my homes.
They're simply the best in the business of bringing nasty looking crappy carpet back to life
and looking brand new.
Using dry concepts certified trade technicians will dry clean your carpets.
Same idea is dry cleaning your clothing.
It leaves them vibrant in color, soft to the touch they smell,
emity fresh. They're drying just a couple of hours so you can clean today and really entertain
tonight. And when you do call dry concepts, do yourself a big favor because if you tell them to
put you understand, by list, that can save you an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning
off. They're already reasonable price and don't ever forget they give you a written guaranteed
price upfront before they start doing a job so there are no rip offs, no scams, no BS.
Call them full free. They'll never let you down. Call dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web if you'd like first at dryconcepts.com.
You click the channels for the credit, country ones, the stores no crime or the food.
Then the string of 92, like the string before you had the liberty.
You heard a rumor, Los Angeles fell, it was a time I remember all so well.
I have no idea.
All the phones were ringing, the night and quail watch turned it brown.
All the people were singing, now night is over.
After it's claimed, when did it burn? Did you become an agent for saddened to sing?
Oi, the night and quail watch turned it brown.
All the phones were ringing, the night and quail watch turned it brown.
It's water singing, your guilt of blowers soon.
But maybe for now, that's taking part too.
I sure hope that not making farting sounds in those cartoons, they would really good then.
Upset 10-34-560 WQM. Let's take a couple thousand calls before we get any more stuff, shall we?
All right, go for it.
The good news is 97-83 will only 217 signatures away on those stop at CC.com,
petition from 10,000 in Florida.
And the grand total 74,836, which means we're just 164 away from 75,000,
which is a far cry from where we need to get, but nevertheless 75,000 is a nice hurdle to hop over, right?
A week ago today, when somebody turned us out of this website, it were like 40,000 signatures.
So it's almost doubled in less than a week.
We're getting there, but if we get that full page ad or quarter page, whatever it's going to be in USA today,
I'm also thinking the national inquiry.
All right, although they have a very long lead time, in addition to which I think that the people,
I don't think they'll accept an X for signing the petition, and as much as I love the inquiry, don't get me wrong.
But a lot of the people who are really inquiry have like, you know, no teeth, and they do sign an X where the signature line is, stuff like that.
56650560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line QAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was listening to that car thing yesterday.
Yeah.
And I mean, how obvious is it?
And all these other people have blown the whistle on this administration.
How obvious does it have to be for people to finally wake up?
You know what I'm trying to say?
I know.
I've said for a long time that Bush could all of us in walking and is hearing their having them right now,
and say everything Richard Clark wrote in the book was true.
We were after a wreck in the first place, and we just used 9-11 as an excuse to exploit and have to go in there and,
and the public and still his Bushies out there would still believe him.
I mean, they wouldn't believe this.
They still support him.
It's like a second movie, you know.
People, and the reason, again, he doesn't want to talk is because he has something that I hide.
It's like criminal.
Right.
Criminal is what I want to talk about because I want to get caught.
Why?
Because they got something to hide.
And just like this administration, this criminal administration we have in this government, you know,
getting the whole world mad at him and getting them, you know, a good percentage of Americans just mad at him.
That is correct.
And you notice how quickly they responded to this thing.
In fact, they had a story on last night that even before the interview with 60 Minutes aired,
because they knew that it was coming.
And Conda Liza had written a point-by-point response to it.
I guess they got an advanced screening of it from CBS.
And she had written and sent to a CBS, a point-by-point rebuttal to Richard Clark, and then, of course,
they brought out Cheney on with Rajesh yesterday.
They were forming a thymouth about this.
They're having a nervous breakdown.
And rightfully so.
Because the kids come out.
The whole administration, when they first saw power, the main concern was cutting this treasury.
They were giving us a contract cuts.
All they talked about in Melee were a contract cuts for the rich.
A contract, you know, for big businesses.
Right.
Sounds like Ray Allen Bush wanted to be our overgun.
Sounds like those early days we said to him.
And then.
And the bonus.
I'll see the chapter's story.
Do you see that?
I do.
Uh-oh.
And that ties right into the story here that you sent me.
The new Bush agenda, government agent, spying on you.
There's spying on you.
This last guy sure hope he's okay.
He sounded like a pretty good guy.
Hope he's still alive.
The Bush administration's efforts to create a citizen's snitch corps failed when Democrats in Congress got wind of John Ascroft's infamous operation tips.
Americans demanded that the Senate kill George W. Bush's attempt to reward the criminals of the Iran conference scandal by giving them authority over a massive electronic system to read Americans emails,
listening on their phone calls, flipped through their personal health records, and even keep tabs on their library card activity.
Led by Democrats, the U.S. Senate put the leash back on Bush's plans for total information awareness.
You'll think the Bush administration would have learned Americans just don't want Homeland Security agents searching through information about their personal activities.
We don't believe that our government has the right to spy on us whatever it wants to.
With the defeat of these attempts by the Bush administration again on limited spying power over American citizens, we thought we were safe.
We thought that Bush Ascroft and Tom Ridge had given up the fight for the right to snoop. We were wrong.
Thanks to some hard work by Senator Diane Feinstein, Americans learned that George W. Bush and his top aides are still trying their darnest to gain the power to spy on the private lives of citizens.
I'm sure glad they said darnest.
During a detailed review by the Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator Feinstein spotted a single paragraph that would give the military and the CIA the legal power to search through your credit card and bank records, your email logs,
and even your telephone calls without ever having to get a search warrant to show probable cause.
According to the new plan, this information could then be legally forwarded onto the new Department of Homeland Security or directly to the White House.
Whatever they want. Imagine that you're going about your daily life and George W. Bush is trying to gain the power to personally review the details of everything you do.
W. would gain the power to see who you send email messages to, what you're buying with your credit card and who you're calling on your own telephone.
What's more, Bush could send his agents out together this information about you even if you're not suspected of any crime.
Believe it or not, the wording of this paragraph came directly from the Bush White House.
This new plan for massive electronic surveillance of law-abiding Americans comes directly from the office of George W. Bush.
Just what is Bush up to? Hasn't he heard of the Bill of Rights? Hasn't somebody told him that Americans have a constitutional protection from unreasonable search and seizure?
A good quick summary of this White House insertion is provided by journalist Richard Reeves.
George W. Bush and Republican Aids have demonstrated this strange obsession with gaining the power to spy on Americans' private affairs.
Just what are they planning to do with that power? When will George W. Bush and the Republicans learn that Americans don't want his goons spying on their private lives?
I have a feeling he might learn that lesson in 2004, it says here.
Wow. Just mention that in passing. For anybody that might care might be concerned.
And our message again, listen carefully. Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Or not is the case maybe, depending on how astup you are.
20 before 11 at 5, 60 W.Q. M. N. Mad Dog coming up at 2, we got the Humper at the Wind of Massau, Crystal Palace in the Bahamas, the Hebrew hammer it for this afternoon. Panther preview at the 7.
The Panther is host of Devils at the Macarena 7.39 and of course be sure you don't park too close to those Lexices because that's their own private parking spots over there.
So you park several miles away and have a good walk. Any K-Fallows the hockey game and sporting news radio overnight.
I don't think Joe and Mark are coming back. Oh, maybe that's why we have that tombstone up on our website. Rest in peace, Joe and Mark.
Well, you know there was that picture that got on somebody's website a hundred years ago.
Yeah, 1041 at 560 W.Q. M. This is the last mortgage you'll ever need. My friends, it's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points.
Get that new low interest rate at just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mere 334 month.
If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan, your payments are just 668 a month.
Don't forget once you refinance you get a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay those ugly, grotesque closing costs again.
So get the information about this today by making that easy toll free call. 1 866 395 lend and get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move on to your next property with no further cost or expense. Be sure to put away that per sales sign after you set your house.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group.
Here's that number again for details. 1 866 395 lend never pay closing costs again thanks to our friends at financial group.
1 866 395 LED, the René Quil housing lender, restrictions apply, rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
This is my life and law. This is 4.205 city.
You ain't who I am.
The use toilet paper instead escaped into my amy next target of a tank.
A tropical paradise loaded with that the fee is where I'll hide the money.
They're serving us ice cream and the rain. But we'd really rather treat our fee with the inslash of you throat, said the seeds of hope.
Pointed towards Miami and off we go to where the angry human slaughter there goes.
A tank, a tank, a tank that's our plan. The shape plan, the shape plan, the shape plan.
The plans are planned, the shape plan.
Henry, so did 560 WDQ. A minute is just too much stuff coming up.
Let's see. I've just been watching a little of that 911 inquiries as this fax and teeny tiny print.
Oh, that's right. This is Jim O'Sullivan who has a really teeny tiny.
Long size Jim.
Fine. Why the hell is it that people asking the questions take longer than Madeline Albright trying to answer them?
The guy now has been going on with this question for about three minutes.
Wow. It's probably getting close to lunchtime, man.
Thank you for your service to this country.
I would like to probe a little bit further.
Oh, I don't want to get into that. She wants to probe a little bit further.
You see how you can take almost any right? Oh, the thought of that is just makes me want to vomit.
But speaking of that last now, that thing that went that line in there about P and that bit I just played.
Well, actually on MSNBC last night, the anxious and totally untelated and inept Dan Abrams,
who was filling in for the even more grotesque, who was it they have on now between 9 and 10?
Debra Norville. Oh, brother, between the two of them, you couldn't find any talent with a search party.
But anyway, they had to stir this story and they directly quoted, we'll get into it in a minute.
Virgin Atlantic Airways on Friday, scrap plans to install bright red urinal shaped like women's open lips.
And New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, saying it received complaints they were offensive.
You see, this is the problem, folks.
The innocent people are dying and being butchered all over the world.
We've got more people out of work now than who knows what, three million jobs lost in last three years.
We've got all these serious problems going on.
We're peeing in our pants, there it is again, waiting for the next terrorist attack, the next shooted drop.
And we're worried about crap, just like those people who say who give a shmit about this under God thing, they got a good point on the poll.
Anyway, now I'm sure you've seen us, right? You saw the thing on TV.
Absolutely, one of the most emailed pictures in Yahoo and one.
Right.
Virgin, first of all, again, talking about wild imagination, those could have been Mick Jagger's lips from that stone's album, you know?
Right. Tim Curry from Rocky Horror.
There you go, couldn't be anything.
It's a freaking urinal with little artsy fartsy on it, okay?
Virgin Atlantic was very sorry to hear people's concerns about the design of the kisses urinal to be fitted into our clubhouse at JFK Airport.
We can assure everyone who complained to us that no offense was ever intended.
Virgin spokesman John Reardon said in the statement.
Reardon said the British company received several dozen complaints from people in groups including the national organization for women.
After it, its plans for the urinal said it made public.
Now had posted a message on its website, urging members to complain to Virgin Chief Richard Branson, the national organization of bitches, not bitches.
Now President Kim Gandhi on the group's website said, I don't know many men who think its cool to pee in a woman's mouth even a porcelain one.
And they quoted an MSNBC last night so if its good enough for them, its in its a news story.
The urinal designed by a Dutch company, of course, bunch of perverts, was the idea of a female designer, Reardon said Virgin was surprised by the negative reaction of the plan.
Part designs for the lounge built the pamper first past customers and they said, oh sorry, it won't happen, you won't see that no more.
Because there's a few people all peed off.
Man, everything is offensive, everybody's offended, everybody's pissed off and fired up about crap.
The important stuff, we can't move them for lover money.
Can't do nothing to get them off the dime. The important stuff, like the Billorites, little things like that.
Like Bush wanted to come in like that story I had before.
98006, Florida, that means we got 194 to go to get to 10,000.
We'll do that I think today before like falling off a log don't you think? Easy.
9806, now there must be somebody else some other people thank goodness promoting this on here.
This is not an ego trip, trust me when I tell you because it's not all that exciting, it's pretty boring.
And ponderous. But there must be some other people doing it because I noticed California took off again the last night and Texas is in first.
Even New York is making a little bit of a move but we're still 4100 soon should hit New York.
And the grand total now must be let me take a puke at it.
Oh yeah, we just topped 75,000. I keep saying we Scott with his petition drive.
Although we're a part of it, us them.
75,066, which is pretty darn nice.
And thanks to Margaret and for Lauderdale and everybody else who's got the guts to sign onto it.
Guess who's in a hospital? I give up.
How about if I said, are ESPCT, a refa, your rethera?
Your rethera Franklin's been hospitalized for undisclosed ailment and is in stable condition.
Her publicist be saying the cleanest old who lives in Detroit was hospitalized Saturday.
How come this news is so slow getting around? This is today's CBS news.
According to Gwedland, Quinn, her New York city-based publicist.
Quinn, the client, is here with the singer of been hospitalized.
She said she had no further information about Franklin's illness or how long she'd be hospitalized.
That's kind of like vague to me. Inquiring minds want to know.
Including the Humper who's in the Bahamas, but I'm sure he's not listening.
But if the Humper knew about this, she's his favorite. There's the other way around.
Neutral.
Franklin, whose soulful voice is made her one of the world's most revered singers known for her numerous hits including her signature song, Respect.
You make me feel like an actual woman. Baby, I love you, chain of fools, chain, chain, chain and freeway of love.
Franklin's daughter of a Baptist preacher famous for his fiery sermons start out singing in the church choir.
And Yadi Yadi Yadi, and Kozon, and she turned 62 on Thursday. Let's hope she makes it.
One of Granny Award for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance for wonderful from Related CD.
So darn, well actually it's called So Damn Happy.
See, God's punishing her for saying damn. That's why she's in the hospital.
It's a good thing she didn't say so. Well, you know what?
Here's the fact it says, Neil, I hope this sign came through. I may have copied it. George's mind peep for the ad.
Save our, oh, this is good. I like that.
I'll be donating a few bucks to the cause.
But third man says Rick, I'll try to donate some more later on these people must be stopped. The insanity ends now before it's too late.
PS, I'm not going to Canada. I'm staying and fighting sorry George. Whatever Rick means by that.
Thanks a lot to the Rick. And here's the his design.
Save our freedoms and it's got like a what is that? It's got an eagle.
Yeah.
With a bunch of stuff. And then it's got the WWW stop at stop FCC.com. Nice going Rick.
Here's one that says some people may not know, but in order to make sure you're counted on stop FCC.com, you must verify your electronic signature.
I just have to check my spam folder found an email from webmaster at stop FCC.com.
People using a well-bale software providers that utilize a spam trap for email needs to be checking it.
You need to stress this over and over again. We need votes. I'm a registered Republican who believes in less government in our life.
Keep up the good work. And let me say it again. This is not a partisan issue.
There are three Republicans and two Democrats on the FCC right now. And they're all a bunch of lunatics.
They're all rabid. They're forming at the mouth. And all they did was use the Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell flap at the Super Bowl.
Less than two seconds of partial nudity of a breast as an excuse to all of a sudden start singing Deutschland, Uber, Wallace and censoring everything.
We're going to find you. We're going to fire you. We're going to take away your license.
This is madness is what it is. And the obvious question is based on what?
Well, don't ask any questions. We just decided what? We'll just made it up like they've always done. They make it up as they go along.
That's why nobody can understand the ruling of indecency. Nobody certainly understands the business of course language. What the hell is that?
See, they could say right there. Oh, you said hell. That's course language. Everything and anything. It's a catch all. It's just a trap is what it is.
I think basically what they would like to do is catch all of us so that they can just have rush and a Sean Hannity and pillow Riley and a few of the right wing lunatics on here.
And everybody else goes bye bye. That's it. That's it. See ya. You finally did the law.
And of course when you're working for people who maybe mean well but are little on the little kind of side like we are here. Oh boy.
Every morning before the show I had these verbal intercourse with Duff and with clearance and I might as well be talking to the wall here.
I mean between the two of them and again not because of bad intentions. I think maybe a little bit of lack of competence might be part of it but and lack of backbone but aside from that.
And of course Greg. Anybody seen Greg? Have you seen Greg yesterday? And what do you say? What do you have to say to you?
About what? Anything life in general. What did he say? Talking about that ad we were in the Clarence's office while he was looking at those prizes. And and that said.
Do we have his support? Meaning. Meaning that he liked the idea was the enthusiastic or was he was he just doing the usual Gregory commentary which is like that. He didn't seem to dislike it. Oh.
When we come back after the break ask me if I care.
I'm going to look on this. He's my secret.
You're not.
You in. Were you drugs packing? Hello. I'm Lourie Mays.
And I'm built in hard chairman of the SEC. We're here to thank all of you for not paying attention to anything we do.
And I'd like to thank you Mr. Mays for all the women. I've had my share of horse but you outdid yourself by sending Mariah Carey.
My pleasure Bill. Oh, and that bottle of wine. Yes. You left them my car sheet.
Don't mention it Bill. Wow. Without your help clear channel corporation couldn't have assimilated every radio station in the country. Now why not tell everyone the exciting news about the new FCC?
It's kind of hard this way. You can take your tongue out now. Well from this point on the Communications Act of 1936 is no longer valid.
And the Federal Communications Commission will now be known as Friends of Clear Channel. But you still can't say do do all the air.
Right Bill? Whatever you say Mr. Mays. Say how about another one or then satellite? Certainly. Say hi to Willie. What? Your mouth boy. It's 11.
Oh, one at five sixty WQM. So did you donate to our cause? I think a pardon Greg. Do you give me a check for a thousand dollars? Say no that would be bad. Say now we don't want to get QM involved.
And this is a near Rogers in our listener thing. Okay. In our website. We don't want to get QM involved in the middle of that.
Because God forbid that they should see the QM is involved in a stop FCC.com thing because all see let's slap on a wrist again.
Let's slap them all around the head and shoulders. Let's get them. So that would not be a good idea.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wirelesslock. Keep threatening and take dozens of dozens of calls. And maybe I will maybe I won't WQM. Hello.
Hey Neil how are you doing this morning? Pretty good sir. First you can put me down for a hundred bucks. All right. What a guy. Just let me know where I got to send it. Okay we will.
And second did you read the article about this lady that now wants to have the smoking ban in the outdoor seating areas of the restaurant?
Now where is that in Florida? In Florida. Oh no I thought you were talking about the story in California where they want to make non smoking on the beaches now.
No no no no this lady she's complaining because when she takes her two eleven month old twins. Yeah to a restaurant to eat. And she can't sit on the patio because they're smoking out on the patio.
Oh well you know what let her stay home. That's right or I'm so sick and tired of these militant non smokers man. It make me sick to my stomach.
All right buddy. Let me let it snow where we got to send the money but you can put me down for a hundred bucks. Thanks a lot pal. Appreciate it.
You got a button. Bye. All right. How do you like that? We'll get our 30 grand or whatever it is. How many do we need?
30 man. You bet. Get that out in USA today. I'm I'm going to see how much we get then you know based on that and we'll see how I'm thinking like in the next couple of months.
Get this thing rolling rolling. Okay.
Get people off it is certainly before the summertime. We got April May. Yeah timing is good because once June one comes and everybody goes away kids about a school everybody's on vacation.
You're talking to yourself you know well you know. Especially in July and August you know how that goes.
Here's the fact that says I saw a photo yesterday carried by the AP of condolese there was shot through White House window as where she looked like Yoda with a wig and red dress on.
She's the devil with a red dress on. I'll tell you that. This might on all right remind you of a shave down. Yes or I'm a fart now that you mentioned it and you read your ways about 300 pounds could be some gastric disturbance.
Well I might play a sounder in there but I can't do it because we don't got it no more. Well we do got it somewhere but we're not going to do it.
Let's see Frank says can you air where to send the letters to the FCC. Let me explain why Sunday morning I turned on TV wanted to watch some local news but all I saw was a bunch of preachers doing lies to the people.
I don't want our kids seeing this crap and it's on free TV. It ain't right that my kids could accidentally turn on these stations and hear this BS.
I'd much rather listen to people who live in the president talk about current arrest excellent point Frank it's objectionable to me to I protest I protest you know who ought to be on top of this.
And somebody is obviously promoting this because I'm looking at the response on there and they're coming in from West Virginia and Arizona and California Wisconsin and wherever.
I know that he's not one of our favorite people to say the least and he was busy lucky with the vice president yesterday with vice president Dick Taney but nevertheless.
You know he came out of those first the days when this thing whole started with Stern and oh yeah you know if they're coming after him now who knows if Kerry gets in they'll be going after me.
You know because supposedly like this other guy that the facts before Republicans are and real conservatives are against government intervention and messing with stuff like this.
They hear to be vehemently opposed to it how come he's not promoting stop FCC dot com how come some of you rush people don't get on his a fat ass you know I just don't get it.
Oh and Frank's got another Frank's poor Frank is out of control he says the big problem is that most of us who are offended by this religious outlets don't speak on about it.
We all need to write to the FCC tell me don't want our kids to see OK calm down Frank I got your point maniac WQM hello definitely another hundred blocks for you.
Definitely the first time theater thing is the last week with Nick Danger and Rocky Rococo kudos that was great thank you.
What is there to say George Woody I know what is there to say nothing we would take us hundred bucks of course if he's got it if he really would come through.
That's the least he could do after all the aggravation all of these years WQ way and hello.
Pretty good sir look I was just wondering it was a truly a good thing to see was putting.
Was making a trouble you couldn't say bad words on the cell phone here they're finding people that you have cell phone and also in the bathroom if you say anything bad in the bathroom or if you make any bad noises they're going to come and get your ass.
Well if they come and get your ass take that away then you can't make any of those noises again right right.
Mr. Wipple might not be too happy about it 9 11 panel sites Bush and Clinton in action.
That's all one word in action the Clinton and Bush administration decision used diplomatic rather than military options against.
Al Qaeda allowed the 9 11 terrorists to elude capture years before the attacks the federal panel said today.
The Clinton administration had early indications of terrorist attacks to Osama Yamama and future 9 11 mastermind Khalid Cheek Mohamed as early as 95 but late years past is it pursued criminal indictments and diplomatic solutions to subduing them abroad it found.
Bush officials meanwhile failed to act immediately on increasing intelligence chatter and urgent warnings in early 2001 by its counter terrorism advisor Richard Clark to take out Al Qaeda targets according to preliminary findings by the commission reviewing the attacks.
How do you like that? How do you like that so maybe he's not as lacking credibility as condolese and many other rabid right wingers would have us believe yesterday.
We found that the CIA and the FBI tended to be careful in discussing the attribution for terrorist attacks by partisan report said the time lag between terrorist act and any definitive attribution food of months than years as the evidence was compiled.
Let's do a study. Former representative Lee Hamilton appearing on CBS is the early show today said the commission will not make any final judgments about the Clark allegations or other assertions until it's reviewed all the evidence.
Madeleine Albright told the commission that President Clinton and his team did everything we could everything we could think of based on the knowledge we had to protect our people and disrupt and defeat Al Qaeda.
The preliminary report said the US government had determined bin Laden was a key terrorist financier as early as 95 but that efforts to expel him from Sudan's stalled after Clinton officials determined he couldn't be brought to the west without an indictment.
A year later bin Laden left Sudan set up his base in Afghanistan with no resistance and it goes on and on and on at great length because on who's there now one of the most anxious of them all morning one of the roll in colon my colon's twitching now just seeing him from our listening and watching today.
I agree with just as the Spanish are grieving and just as we at the department of nice lies by the way at the UN colon I have one thing to say to you.
Yeah, total sellout in every aspect of the world you name it that's him 5 6 7 0 5 60 here's a column line nine Q a m hello.
Can I speak to a nail speaking. Yeah, how you doing pretty good.
I'm 55 years old. I've never voted before. I finally what he called registered. Yeah, and I'm voting against that bush master.
He's crazy. Yeah, he is crazy and the people of support him are even crazier than he is.
Absolutely, a couple of Jews doing that. Yeah, a couple of Jews. A couple of meals are making it right though. Yeah, okay, thanks for the have some more having a little.
Oh, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's our kind of guy right there. He's right up our alley. It's 11 o'clock 418 votes.
Do you think the words under God should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools? Yes, get religion out of the public school 176 dang it.
Who gives a Schmidt 128 know it's part of American life 114 27.2% say no, it's part of our life. It's part of the American scene. It's America.
One nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice in the past, but not no more. Yeah, that's it.
They can leave the other guy to there as long as they change the last part. We're liberty and justice for wherever we decide, but not no more.
Ventura speaks in favor of game marriages. I got a whole bunch of stories about game marriages, which quite frankly, not one of my real big priorities right now.
How can you say that? Neon, you bag. Well, I just I don't. Is that something that's oppressing a thing on your mind these days? No, what difference is the interfering with your ability to get laid?
You hear what he just said? I don't know when you get off the plane. Josh just heard what you said. Oh my God, I know how we can raise that 30 grand.
We can have a big cookie jar, you know, with a slot on the top and every time word does one of these deals where he steps over the line or right on the line or into the line.
Just put a dollar put a loony in a tuni in there. Okay, see what doesn't US do like that? We have those Susan B Anthony dollar coins. Nobody like them. Well, you're laughing.
You're laughing. If you had any idea how pleasant it is here among many other reasons, but they have loonies and tunis dollar coins and two dollar coins.
Instead, huh? There are no dollar bills here. There are a few three dollar bills, but quite a few, but there are no dollar bills and no two dollar bills.
Loonies and tunis. It's great. Who the hell needs a dollar bill? And then you can just throw a loony in the thing. Okay. Okay.
So every time he doesn't know the one of those Josh makes sure he sticks another dollar bill into the big jar. I'm grabbing the genre. Good. Grab it.
It's 11 past 11 cool and pals on your line through his teeth again. Turn for us as it has been for the past several administration. Yeah, I hope you're proud of reading all of that BS that you said you wouldn't read when you threw it up in a year and said, I'm not reading this BS at the UN.
It's your proud of. And of course those maps you got the he's got the road back in the Middle East, which I'm working to good these days. He's got all those maps. There were all those weapons of mass destruction are. He knows exactly where they are. But these he's got problems.
And of course his son, the anxious Michael Powell, the oh my goodness, the commissioner of the FCC head. What a family. In fact, that almost ties them to that we didn't put politicians in there.
Our second poll today starting at about 11 30, I guess. What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time? I think that's a good question. We never did that before we have it. It's good. I don't know how many there will be though.
I heard the ones I put on there so far. I had a family Martin Charlie and Emilio Estervez. Sutherlands Donald and Kiefer. Isn't there somebody else in their family? Kweeper. No, seriously, I don't know. Well, I don't know. They're Canadian by the way.
There are some Germans, the Marx brothers and the Jackson's. That's a good start to that poll. I added the Baldwin's and the Barrymore's. The Baldwin's and the Barrymore's is an excellent one. The Baldwin's as in the Baldwin brothers. I don't want to get star with that because I can't figure out who they are. And the Barrymore's Ethel and John and Drew and Drew Rosenhaus. The Barrymore's. Okay. So there we some more you'll add. I'm sure 11 13 at QYM. Hey, if you are adding up the pounds because your fat is a cow and you're frustrated because you just can't.
You're not losing that weight no matter what you try. You owe it to yourself to try balance for life because it's easy to stick with because they provide all the food for you. They do the cooking and the food is fresh. Delicious keeps you satisfied all day long.
Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service. It's based on Dr. Barry Sears zone diet bringing you three meals. Two snacks every day. Right here during that famous little black sack with all that food every day. How can you say you're really on a diet?
Try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet. Don't settle for imitations. All you have to do is just open your black
security. There's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting either. And people are really losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life.
The zone diet has been proven to lower your blood sugar high cholesterol and high blood pressure too. And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company
out as you menu choices. Let's go from phase one to phase three of the anxious South Beach diet. So if you've tried all the other programs, if you're still fat as a tub and you're really frustrated, this could be the thing you've been looking for for a long time because the food is fresh, delicious, no preservatives, nothing frozen, no crap.
This is a great good news to keep you full all day long. Feel the difference in the results on the scale like just about right away. Call them tool free. 1-866-2254543. That's 1-866-2254543 or check out their website balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio fighters 2AM.
I have something to say. I don't feel comfortable agreeing to sleep with you. You're fired. It isn't that against the law, Mr. Trump.
To earth these sweet cheeks fired. Isn't that one word? You're fired. The apprentice. All right, here's a business of guys. You see my hair? Horrible hair. Dead cat. Doesn't matter women across the world want me. You know why? I'm with billions. You go looking black guy. How do you do with the ladies? I do pretty well. No, you don't.
You're nothing. Let's ask the ladies. Ladies, if you had to pick which one of us to go to bed with, who would it be? Good looking poor black guy or billionaire would take care of him. Dead cat here, guys.
Thought so. I love New York. The apprentice on NBC. I forgot to mention our BD curtain section today and it's already the second hour. Boy, we really screwed up big time Rebecca Gayhart. See? I did see. Did you look her up?
I'm doing it right now as a matter of fact. I'm printing out the bio which I'll get to in a second as soon as I get through with these faxes that just a pain in the ass. It's long bio. So I have time to say that these are very fresh paparazzi pictures for someone who has never shown.
Rebecca Gayhart naked behind the beaten curtain. You must be 95 years old. At least be able to prove it and have ID three forms. Neither in film nor posed on purpose as she shown it. I see.
Raised in pine top Kentucky not far from hazard Kentucky where she was born. Gayhart is of Italian Irish German and Cherokee heritage. Wow. That family sure sure got around you know what I'm saying around what?
Each other. Let me tell you something my friend. Okay. Calm down. She moved to New York at age 15 to finish her high school education after spending a summer there modeling. She completed a high school at New York's professional children's school.
Lee Strasberg the whole hell is here midway through her second term she became a cast regular on the daytime drama loving her second career started rather her career started commercials where Rebecca gained national recognition is the noxima girl.
But for the next few years she worked steadily in TV or credits include Beverly Hills 902 one. Oh the NBC miniseries invasion and the ambulance series earth to.
Then in quick succession she appeared alongside Gabriel burn and the toss a Natasha Kinskowski.
Nostasia with the J. Okay. Nastasia Kinski and somebody's waiting directed by Martin Donovan the adventure comedy nothing to lose with Tim Robbins and Martin Lawrence and the cult hill the cult hit screen too.
I saw that would need Campbell I was a music recently she wrapped a prequel from the from dust till dawn entitled hangman's daughter directed by P.G.
Joe Pesci and produced by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino her most recent films include hair shirts during the Campbell directed by a yadi yadi
Darren Stein's job breaker. Isaac Keaton's film Shadow are as Harvard man and show times did like me in many other words she was born August 12 1972 which makes her.
32 almost 31 and a half five seven measurements 34 B 24 34 can we say that anymore no measurements B.
Et cetera here a dark blonde eyes blue two sisters one brother her sign is Leo.
Now here's a fact that says check out this link it's a great video slide presentation about bush floor etc it's Eric Blumertshire dot com at the other mic and if you'll I get to a mic.
Thanks so much let's see did you just play two burps it's very offensive.
How do you like that hot back at you you idiot five six seven oh five sixty let's get rid of this pool here's the final result in this one
then we'll do the other one. Do you think the words under God should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools
five hundred two votes in just over an hour that's not too bad yes get religion out of public schools 208 41.4% of those people are absolutely correct.
They're gonna stay about it and man who gives the Schmidt 161 no it's part of American life 133 26.4% brain washed the quizzlings just going along for the ride that's all without a thought in their mind you know saying I have no life.
Very sad well we've just been doing it for a long time get at that must be it that must prove the point you know.
Ventura speaks in favor of game marriage former Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura through his feather boa into the game marriage ring yesterday called to get a cop out from Massachusetts lawmakers to send a constitutional band of voters.
We have a representative style of government represent your people in vote and stand by what you believe in said Ventura who was a professional wrestler who was known for his flamboyant costumes civil rights issues should not be put on a ballot.
Amen the idea that you can vote against civil rights for your neighbors even if they turn out to be paying any ass neighbors who don't want to see your for sale sign no more who are kind of looking at it even though it's on the side of the house nowhere near where anybody really can see it unless they're spying and looking for it.
I'll tell you one thing lady you're looking for it all right.
Currently a fellow at Harvard University's Institute of Politics Ventura appeared at the state house alongside state auditor Joseph Danucci a former boxer were two tough guys here to show support for a basic human rights and you said well what have been really great is if they tied the knot.
Clad and jeans and sneakers and wearing a full beard and a shaggy ring of hair Ventura asked how is my marriage under attack if two gazel S. Beans down the street want to make a lifelong commitment to themselves love is bigger than governments adventure think about that think about that said Jesse to body how do you like that big macho guy like him.
A prominent group of gay Republicans is opening a TV campaign in California today to defeat that proposed constitutional men and back by president Bush banning same sex marriage.
The ads sponsored by the ridiculous self hating log cabin Republicans is the beginning and Sacramento probably be shown another part of the state soon said mark me they spokesman for the organization.
The ad features vice president Dick Cheney in a 2000 debate saying the matter of same sex marriage should be left up to the states we agreed the ad concludes former representative miss Michael Huffington a Republican for Santa Barbara who says he's bisexual but we know better said yesterday he's donated a hundred grand log cabin Republicans to help help and part pay for the media campaign.
I know the joys of marriage said Huffington the former husband of political commentator Ariana Huffington also know this commitment about a hope same sex couples can have the same rights benefits and responsibilities is opposite sex couples expressed disappointed the proposed amendment.
I think this is a craft political move to attract a few extra votes from the religious right he said.
Ken Lassias spokesman for voice of the president simply depending the idea that marriage should be between a man and a woman wonder when that book is coming out.
One by Larry Flint oh yeah about that bush abortion in Texas oh boy that's this summer you think that the Richard Clark books stood up a bunch of stuff just wait you ain't seen nothing yet.
Man but on the other hand back in that gay marriage thing last and least I hope cuz who cares at this point.
I mean not that it's not a meaningful issue but it's just their bigger fish to fry I think right now bigger things to be warned about like Colin Powell.
And it'll kite and other terrorist groups and the Michael Powell speaking of terrorists yeah that it's really something for our secretary of state to be talking about terrorist groups when his son is the chairman of the worst terrorist group in America right now the FCC who are peace by peace word by word.
You got it sound by sound even not even words sounds what raspberry.
Are you sure I'm positive I checked it out okay more than two dozen black pastors added their voice to the critics of same sex marriage attempt to distance the civil rights struggle from the gay rights movement and defending marriages a union between a man and a woman I guess little Richard wasn't there or James Brown.
When homosexual compares himself to the black community doesn't know what suffering is said the Reverend clearance James an African American studies professor at Temple University here's the guy who goes to temple Jones and 29 pastors rallyed late yesterday with their supporters had an Atlanta area church where they signed a declaration outlining their beliefs on marriage and religion.
Wow wow wow wow wow.
I don't think about the you dark folks man you don't like the Jews you don't like fags I guess I guess black people in America forget that everybody hates them so they might as well hate everybody else they don't like they don't like Cubans right.
Nope don't like anybody they don't like each other all that much either.
It's white goes it's eleven twenty seven at five sixteen now look at this I see I guess on this this copy I got here is NG you know what I mean this is about St. Paddy's day now Adam wouldn't screw up on Vermont teddy bear what do you mean.
Oh huh.
No let me see if I can do anything with this because while they try it if you're looking for a fun and original gift for somebody's birthday a new baby or for day.
Send them a bear gram from Vermont teddy bear just call one eight hundred eight two nine bear and a friendly bear council will help you choose from over a hundred bears personalized for your loved one and delivered in their famous gift box with free card and chocolate.
You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name in birthday and birthday on the bib and they had some lucky bears for St. Paddy's day too which I if you missed out it's really a shame like that new leprechaun bear in the Irish bear with a kiss me tattoo on his arm.
Any special occasion whether it's a birthday anniversary sookus you name it overnight and Saturday delivers guaranteed.
So instead of just sending the same old tired flowers which will in a few hours send something neat and creative call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com.
Show you care send a bear one eight hundred eight two nine B.E.A.R.
Tell me the deal for the call and that Adam is a real well you know.
I'm not a mom.
This is sports radio spicy.
Two A.M.
Everybody get around the candy man here.
What kind of protest do you want sitting loving anything you want as long as it's done by the two comforts right man because I'm the
gang.
Or can I have a boy car.
The other.
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
facts we've had in a long time right here. This is outstanding. Be afraid. Be very afraid.
It says the headline read today, Israel plans to kill all of Hamas leadership. He says,
I'd like to thank all those Christians and Jews who love Israel so much. You made it clear
to this piece, loving atheists, who the real terrorists are, signed anonymous and then
it says, Be afraid. Be very afraid. Oh, man, you got your thumb right on it, Pally. Can
we still say that? No. No, I didn't say on what? Everything you say now to love. Can we say
that? Look for the QM van from Noon to Two at Senior Estirio located at 90, 19 West Pines,
Boulevard and Pember Pines. Stop by and spin the QM prize wheel. That's obscene to win some
of our low budget, embarrassing prizes. And when tickets to for tonight's Panther
Devil game at the Yentah Center, the Panthers and the Devils, that's Noon to Two at the Senior
Estirio and Pember Pines. See, it's probably not a good idea. I don't want to give advice
to Alan Cohen and my friends in the Panther organization, my former friends. They've
been pretty nice to me, but to the rest of the fans, they treat like crap and they do a
lot of stupid things like that. Lexus Parking Zone. People are pissed off about that. And
when you have a team that never makes the playoff, see, I was just thinking about this last
night, now that it's almost mathematical and it is a certainty the Panthers will not
make the playoffs again this year. They just don't make them. They've made them three
times in the history of the franchise. That's, that's not a very good, what you call,
track record if you catch my drift. Okay, it's not a really good incentive for people
to come out. So when you've, know that you're not going to make the playoffs, that the
team is like the youngsters in the organization, of whom there are a lot of really good ones,
but nevertheless, I just can't quite not good enough for prime time. And then you go out
of your way to like, see, it would seem to me also before the games when I start blaring
that music for people that get there early, that somebody from the organization would go
down stairs wander around in the stands and find out if the, if the music is so bone-crushing,
ear piercing, gut wrenching loud that people can't even hear themselves thinking it's
hurting their eardrums. Probably might be a good idea to give the high sign-ups. They're
saying, hey, cut that back a little bit. Okay, schmuck. 19 till noon at 5.60 QAM.
My, my, local, here sports radio 5.60, QAM.
It's day, if I have a town of two at 5.60 WQAM.
He's an American music icon, the original country punk. And now he's reaching across the
Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band. It's the best of Johnny Clash.
The sheriff don't like it. Blocking the Casbah. A man in black is back. On track with a very
special version of train and vein. Yes, London's calling. And they're saying hello to the best
of Johnny Clash. If I go there will be trouble. And if I stay it will be double. Hello, this
is Johnny Clash. And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy my brand new record.
So you gotta let me know. Should I stay or should I go the best of Johnny Clash. Look
forward in the comeback country section of your local record store. Thank you, Johnny.
Okay, Johnny. Take care of yourself. I just discovered something astonishing. I got a new
hobby now. Okay, this is unbelievable. I thought I knew a little bit about the internet. I
don't know crap. You know that you can actually which one of these things do I have to click on here.
Here it is. You can search the traffic on any website that you want. Did you know that?
Mm-hmm. You did? More walled with the Alexa toolbar, TZ. Right, Alexa is fantastic. It is the best of
all of these things. Anyway, let's not want to get into that right now, but that could kill like your whole
life. You wouldn't have any time to do anything. You're just looking and searching and reading and
dealing around. Pretty interesting. Anyway, what American entertainment family do you think is the best of
all time? We're asking you. That's our second poll question. Before we get to the result so far, which we just
trickling in a few vote, 9854. That's the latest total that I see on stop FCC.com from Florida 9864. Like I said,
see? You know what that means? Women needs another 136 will make 10,000 in about a week. That's
pretty good. Consider what a bunch of lame ass dead heads most Floridians are. 9864. I'll send it to
people that really ought to be honest and be assigned enough as the people that lost their
life. Let me also remind you, which we don't do it often enough, if you go to theoriders.com and you're
through looking at our naked picture that they were back at gay, gay heart behind the beaten curtain. You can
look back on there and see which of the eight stations there that you might accidentally listen to, never
listen to again, the clear channel stations in South Florida. Don't listen to them. And positively,
absolutely, don't ever tell anybody that you'll listen to those stations because something evil will happen to
you. You'll die and go to hell. Right. Mike says, I'm a 55 year old white man. I never voted. I consider myself fairly
liberal. The next is for me was when ascroft drape draping something, statues and cloth. God forbid we should
see a breast. I'll vote for Kerry. God knows he's a piece of turd, but consider the alternative. There you go. Mike, not bad.
And then somebody about one nation under God, he lists several of the gods, the gods of all these different religions,
Judaism, Baha'i, spiritism, Sikhism, Kuchikuchi, Kuchikuchi, Shinto and so on. I get the message. Thanks a lot, K.P.
Jerry Medita Springs who just is out of control says I'm sure somebody else will suggest the fondest today. That's a great one. So I won't suggest him. He'd like to vote for the
Caridines. Oh, John was great as a preacher Casey and the grapes of raw wrath. Who can forget David Caridine is in Kung Fu. A lot of people like to forget
he said that they still remember Keith Caridine is now seen in the new HBO series Deadwood. I haven't seen Robert Caridine in a while. Maybe it's his turn to dry out. Yes, the Caridines may all be
crazy, but I like their work. That's a great family. They're Jerry just like they see on family feud. Great family, even though you're dumb and you lost the show, but never know. Great family.
Good answer. Or like they said when Richard Carid said Iraq had nothing to do with 9-11, wrong answer. The buzzer went off. Wrong answer. Can you believe that? Do they flew in? They flew in what's his name special? Richard, what's his name?
Richard? No, Richard from family feud. Oh, that wrong answer, Richard Dawson. Dawson, how come we both had a little brain fart there? Richard Dawson. All the drinkin. Try to forget.
Hello, hello, Neil Rogers. Yes, sir. Hey, good afternoon. Morning. I'm not sure what time it is. I'm going to get into it.
Neil, please forgive me. I'm not sure if you've already covered this turf with your poll question regarding the clutch of a legion, but I believe those two words in question were not originally in the clutch of a legion. That is correct.
Isn't that something, but now that it's there, it's like a new, it's a new holy war. Right. That's the God squad had those words inserted. I think during the Eisenhower years they had that inserted in the Eisenhower.
Yeah, Joe McCarthy was like a con everybody a communist. Yes, right. So the FCC, can we change the spelling of that organization? Maybe to ask? Yes, I already have five six out of five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line. I think we got cut off from that guy. I don't know why. Yeah, I don't know bad connection. WQ and hello.
Neil, yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I've suggested for the poll or for the family family. Go ahead and families. How about I know one that you can really like mo howard, curly howard, shim powered. Yeah, the three stooges. There you go. Sensational.
Absolutely. That's a lot, pal. Thank you. And don't forget I'm listening.
44 votes on the new poll. Get out of there, Mo get lost. And I notice he and Joe Rosa really added again, man. I don't know really because I don't listen that much, but they're really into a big time.
I think it had to do with that little handicap girl or something in his comments about how she hates Joe. Oh, man. This Mo you talk about an old turd who will just never grow up. Hello, can you go?
Close to being a human being. If you wonder why everybody in the building hates you, Mo just look at the mirror.
44 votes. What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time? The sheen family. That's what I voted for. You want to know why I saw a really good movie with Charlie Sheen last night. I never liked him all that much.
What's what he's all right. Never saw what movie it was though. I can't even think of what that was. What was it? I don't know. I give up. Give me a Charlie Sheen movie.
See can't do it. Can you? Well, anyway, it was pretty good. He's a good actor. He really is a good. What happened in the movie? I'm sure I've seen it.
What it was. It wasn't even a movie. It was on biography channel. That's what it was. Oh, the biography channel. That's what happened. They told that he was born and he had whatever had problems. You know, like things.
Anyway, they just got passed by the Marx brothers. Marx brothers got 19 votes. The sheens Martin Charlie and Emilio Estevez is the bird used to say 16. I like to be the
West of us for many reasons. The only problem is he's always got that disturbed look on his face. You know, I mean, right? Like his daddy is Martin sheen. Why would you say that?
How could you possibly say that about our president? I mean, the Jackson seven. I was the Southern family. Don't keep her five. The burial. Look at the way that Josh spelled bear amores with two. I think that was my fault. Oh, there's only one bear. I'm very more. I scrolled it out. You're thinking of Gary Moore. Okay.
There's only one owner. The Baldwin's one. The osmins don't have any out of the first 50 votes. Donnie's not too happy about that. That's that's shameful. Of course, when you think about the osmins,
well, there's Donnie and Marie. Right. She forgot about her. So easy to do because she's so neurotic. They're all neurotic. But I mean, the other ones are like Alan and, you know, they're the other ones. Most people don't even know their names.
So it's strictly Donnie and Marie. So there's only the two of them that really went to a hill of beans. But the Baldwin's how many of the Baldwin brothers are like, I think so. I can't keep track of that stuff. I'm going to read you right now. Just a little bit. Just a few. Just don't panic.
From the sleeve of the book against all enemies inside America's war on terror by Richard Clark. And I went out there and bought it yesterday. I'll tell you one thing about the bookstores here, man. When the book comes out first day, they're here. The bookstores here. US $27 Canadian $39. But I have my discount card.
The Bush administration has squandered the opportunity to eliminate Al Qaeda. A new Al Qaeda's immersion is growing stronger in part because of our own actions and in actions. It's in many ways a tougher opponent than the original threat we faced before September 11.
And we're not doing what's necessary to make America safe from the threat. No one has more authority to make that claim than Richard Clark, the former counter-terrorism czar for both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.
The one person who knows more about a son of bin Laden and Al Qaeda than anyone else in this country, he devoted two decades of his professional life to combating terrorism.
Richard Clark served seven presidents and worked inside the White House for George Herbert Walker Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush until he resigned March 2003.
He knows better than anyone the hidden successes and failures of the Clinton years. He knows better than anyone while we failed to prevent 9-11. He knows better than anyone how President Bush reacted to the attack and what happened behind the scenes in the days that followed.
He knows whether or not he represented a terrorist threat to the United States and whether there were hidden costs to the invasion of that country.
Most disturbing of all our Clark's revelations about the Bush administration's lack of interest in Al Qaeda prior to 9-11.
From the moment the Bush team took off, his decided to retain Clark in his post as the counter-terrorism czar, Clark tried to persuade them to take Al Qaeda seriously as had Bill Clinton.
For months he was denied the opportunity even to make his case to Bush, he encountered key officials who gave the impression that they had never heard of Al Qaeda, who focused incessantly on Iraq, who even advocated long-discredited conspiracy theories about Southam's involvement in previous attacks on the U.S.
Clark was the nation's crisis manager on 9-11 running the situation room, was seen described here for the first time, and then watched him dismayed what followed.
After ignoring existing plans to attack Al Qaeda when he first took office, George Bush made disastrous decisions when he finally did pay attention.
Coming from a man known as one of the hardliners against terrorists, against all enemies is both a powerful history of our two decades-on-confrontation with terrorism and a searing indictment of the current administration.
I'm just going to read one paragraph from these first, how many pages have I read?
About 30, man.
And he's describing what happened in the moments after the attacks?
Can I get to this one page?
When later in the discussion Secretary Runnersfeld noted that international law allowed the use of force only to prevent future attacks and not for retribution, Bush nearly bit his head off.
No, the President yelled in the narrow conference room.
I don't care what the international lawyers say, we're going to kick some ass.
My life and law, this is for Kral 560, the way you can weigh in.
I'm Frail, Ili and I rush late men, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels, and listening to the near rogey communist hour.
Take iron!
Banzo come up, or some up, that you big beard and head, or some up, there'll be bars.
Just thinking about, or some up makes me nauseous cause I hate, or some up, so let's run.
If these things you can hide, just try, we'll find him, and the moment we do, it's true I say.
Oh, the Banzo come up, or some up, that you big beard and head, or some up, there'll be bars.
Or some up, or some up, you're dead meat, or some up, I hope it's just days away.
Or some up, or some up, you're dead meat, or some up, I hope it's just days away.
What I try to do, is plan for this show, isn't it?
That was just a little bit.
Wow, I'm exhausted.
1203 and 560 WQ, we got 90 votes on the second pool.
What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time?
Mark's brother is 36.
How come we don't have the three stuages on there?
Why don't we? The fine brothers.
We don't need to put that, nobody knows who that is.
The three stuages, huh?
Or we can put Larry Moe and Curly, if you like.
Whatever you want, I don't see him on there.
She and Martin Curly and Emilio 25.
What?
What do you expect from him?
I'm just going to watch that.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, get with it.
Don't be doing an arrogant, though, there's just one on there, zero.
Baldwin's won, Osmond's two, Barrymore's seven, we got it spelled right out.
Sutherland's ten, the Jackson's eleven.
See more people vote for the Jackson's, but it's like, ooh, you don't want to do it, you know?
I'm clean, I'm clean.
Oh, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to thank you for motivating me yesterday.
I got like 30 people to get on that FCC, uh...
30, man.
Excellent.
I'm pretty happy.
Can I add something to the ball?
Go right ahead, please.
Grateful Dead Family.
The Grateful Dead Family.
And they are a family, they stuck together for over 30 years.
Were they related, Jerry Garcia and Rich Garcia?
Mike Garcia?
Yeah.
Okay, thanks, Pallie.
The Grateful Dead Family.
How about the Doris family?
Sure.
The Beatles family?
The Walls family.
Right, the Walton family.
The Parkridge family?
Hey, well, why are they out there?
Well, how about the Cow Sills?
The Cow Sills is good, that's a good group, they're with the family.
Cow Sills good, I won't get any votes.
I like the Cow Sills.
Me too.
A Parkridge family, David Dacacity was surely Jones, uh... steps on.
Is he really?
Didn't know that?
No, I didn't.
She was married to Jack Cassidy and he was Jack Cassidy's son by some other lady.
Got it?
Got it.
Sean Cassidy is her son, which quite frankly I'd be ashamed.
5670560, £560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Famous families, man, the Cow Sills qualifies.
Even put the Parkridge family on it, but Daddy voted douchebag and part of no family.
And either was that the...
What was that guy's name, Tom?
Really maddened.
Dave Madden.
Whatever's the name of it?
Ruben Concaid.
Right, Dave Madden.
Deputy QA and Hello.
Hey Neil.
And Susan Day-Needer.
Yes sir.
Hey, uh...
Where are the chances of Rick and Seth's going to beg?
Going to what?
Going to Big 106.
None.
None.
Zero.
I mean, why did they just fall off the pace of the year?
Why?
Because they went to work for a clear channel.
That was their worst mistake ever.
Clear channel bought out the station that they were on and that was the kiss of death for poor Rick and Suds.
That was the end of them.
But I mean, not even an AM station anywhere would take him up?
Evidently not.
They've been on the beach a long time, man.
Listen, Neil, I used to live in Tampa, but that's why I first started listening to you guys.
I'm so sorry.
No, what's your...
You're saying...
You make the hints about Ron and Ron, uh...
with drugs and everything.
Did you really think they, uh...
They were that bad or what?
Ron and Ron with drugs?
Well, they were in drugs in the studio.
No, they weren't doing drugs.
They were doing hookers.
They weren't doing drugs.
Oh, you never thought they were that talented, huh?
I thought they were grotesque.
I thought they were awful.
What a huge following before an hour came down here.
I was in the high...
In Tampa, in Tampa, they had a huge following because that was their speed.
That's where they're coming from.
But I mean, even...
Even though they haven't.
Even though they're down here picked them up and they were like,
one thing number one at one point?
From about a week, yeah.
Yeah.
I guess it's all hype, huh?
Oh, I think they suck.
I mean, I'd just be honest with you.
If I thought they were any good, I would tell you,
but I thought they were pathetic.
And then you notice when they came to Miami,
Ron Diaz didn't even have the balls to be with the show.
He just disappeared off the coast of Rico somewhere
and vanished into No Man's Land.
Well, there was after his lifetime of AIDS, I think.
He was making jokes about that on the air,
so when I had nothing to do with his lifetime,
he was making jokes about that, just like some other guy.
Who was the guy that they had on in the morning
with Ron Bennington?
He was making jokes.
Who was it?
Bill Hays.
No, that's not the one.
There was one guy that had on there.
He was making jokes about his handicap kid, remember that?
Billy Hays.
I don't know who that is.
I don't remember him.
He must have made a big impact.
And then of course, he has some hypox on there
for one of my birthday hypox.
Oh, and listen, speaking of study fox,
you can't impersonate study fox anymore
under these new guidelines.
Oh, you can't?
Well, I know one thing we can't play.
Hi, this is sunny fox.
I listen to your Rogers, because I can hear the word.
Yeah, that's what you think.
That's what you think, sunny,
because you used to be able to hear the word,
oh, oh, can't say that.
Ron and Ron, if you like them, I'm happy for you,
but you won't hear them coming back anytime soon.
In fact, what are they?
I don't know what they're doing.
Ron and Fez is somewhere,
and Diaz came back someplace else.
I don't know.
I know that I really enjoyed their manager, Tommy Kramer.
Who didn't do drugs in the 60s when everybody else did?
I think he waited till just more recently.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, a couple names for the poll.
Go right ahead.
You've got the Douglasses,
Perkin Michael.
Right, great chocolate.
We forget them. That's bad. That's embarrassing.
Can't forget those guys.
What about the Tyler's?
He even lives.
Right. That's good.
And you were hitting music before.
How about the Mandrel sisters?
The Mandrel sisters.
Bargain Louise,
and there may have been another one I'm not sure.
And the Shania.
Thanks, Palli. Have a great day.
Good thing you did.
Okay.
Yeah, the Mandrel sisters.
Of course, that's if you like them,
come to music people,
which are not all I crazed about come to music.
I hated even worse than Ron and Ron.
Mark's Brothers 43.
This is going to be fun.
This one I like. There's 113 votes.
The Sheen's, the Sheenies,
29.
The Jackson 13.
Donald and keeper Sutherland 10.
The Baramore's 9.
The three Stooges 6.
That's because they like Mo.
Absolutely.
Osmonds 2.
Baldwin's 1.
The Partridge family.
The Partridge family doesn't really belong on it.
That's not a family, okay?
Let's get that off of them.
I thought we were joking.
Yeah, let's replace that with the Steve and Liv Tyler.
And then what was the other ones he said he had a couple of good ones there.
By Mandrel sisters.
Oh, yeah.
Mandrel sisters and was the other one Douglas family.
Douglas family, Kirk and Michael Douglas.
Man, what a jerk for forgetting about Kirk and Michael Douglas.
Here's the fact that some time ago I came across a quote that was attributed to
Amio Zola, which I paraphrased that.
Who played Amio Zola in that movie?
Arthur Fonds.
What movie?
I don't know. The Amio Zola story.
Civilization will thrive in the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest.
Oh, that's the best.
This of course could play to all religions.
I'm saving that.
Civilization will thrive when the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest.
That's good stuff, man.
Wow.
Or when the last altar boy falls on the last priest.
What is this?
It's fake, obviously.
Oh, I see.
You'll be notified by direct contact.
Buh, buh, buh, buh.
And what is this supposed to be in regard to?
I'm supposed to be funny, I'm sure.
Yeah.
It is in your real name.
Anybody's real names.
And the FCC doesn't contact people by fact machine.
Right.
A coin, dude.
A company.
Oh, and your company.
Yeah, yeah.
So watch the company.
You're right.
Okay, that's cute.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And 12 minutes after noon at 560WDQM, if you're in a really dead end job like maybe broadcasting,
if you're underpaid and overworked, how'd you like a new high-paying career, but you don't have four years to waste on college?
If this sounds like your situation, then pick up the phone and change it.
Do something about it.
I have no life.
Get one.
Call fast train toll free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
They can have you train and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career and as little as four short months.
That's true.
You can be fully trained already for a new career and as little as four short months.
Fast train offers a day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule, too.
They offer a job placement assistance financially for people to qualify and because fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve you,
there is bound to be one convenient buy you.
So if you've been sitting around on your ass, just moaning and groaning about your fate in life, do something to change it.
Get yourself a real career and the income that goes along with having it.
Call fast train today.
Check them out on the web first if you'd like at fast train.com and then make that call once and for all.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
It's my life and look all this is four-traitiel by six-year.
You ain't too way now.
Well, he went on TV and he talked to Tim Russell.
There's that he's gonna get into the race.
John Kerry's crying.
George, love you smiling.
A Ralph Vader keeps getting right up in their face.
Oh, Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Democratic Party is really bumming again.
Oh, Ralph Vader keeps on running.
GOP can seize a victory coming.
Oh, Ralph Vader keeps on spoiling.
Democratic blood's gonna keep on boiling again.
He's gonna spoil it all right.
He's gonna make everyone Ralph Vader's gonna make everyone uptight.
Well, he can't get elected, but the outcome's a fact in front.
Oh, Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Democratic Party is really bumming again.
Oh, Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Prop 17 at 560 WKM.
This is kind of cute.
This alleged FCC phony thanks that we got.
The only problem is that well there's several problems with it.
The problem being that first of all, you don't go to court for FCC violations number one.
Number two, the lack of the senses like fitting all together there in the print.
Apparently Ms. Aberneth, they're the FCC Commission's having a little bit of problem with the word processor, but nevertheless nice try.
How about the Eglaceus family, somebody says?
The Eglaceus, what's not to like, right?
Oh, that's bad.
And for a lot of not, you know something?
What?
Speak out of the Eglaceus's.
Can't play this no more.
Right?
No, you can't.
What?
So far.
If I ask you to dance.
Okay.
Okay, of course, please.
Just for fun.
Would you have fun, my?
That's it.
So yeah, go ahead, that's the end of that.
I'm sorry, N.R.K. but no more.
Okay, Eglaceus family got it.
We got it.
And for a lot of the else says, and how could we forget the Nelson's?
The Nelson's?
Your favorite.
Now does he mean the singing group in Nelson's?
The family got the question.
Or the Nelson family.
That's not good.
Ozzy and Harriet and Rick and David and the kids and all over the long here and all of these things.
The Nelson's.
What's not to like?
Especially the name.
No smoking forces taking new territory.
The beach.
Ten years after California set a national precedent by banning smoking in restaurants and bars.
And months after prohibiting it within feed-of-government buildings and playgrounds.
Many of the state's coastal cities are now banning smoking at the beach.
Health and environmental officials say the moves are a logical extension of smoking bands in other public places.
And are necessary to meet state and federal anti-pollution requirements.
Some legislators have heard that the government is prying too far into private lives with unnecessary and overly pure technical victims.
Solana Beach was the first California city to ban smoking at the beach when it enacted its prohibition last September.
San Clemente imposed a similar ban last week.
Santa Monica is likely to follow suit on Tuesday and in San Edas.
They've hold on the issue within a month.
With the momentum of early victories and he's smoking activists are taking their arguments to other coastal cities.
From San Diego to Manhattan Beach, her most of the beach having the beach.
Newport Beach and beyond Los Angeles is also graphing in those smoking ordinance for Venice, dockwiler, wheel Rogers and Cabrillo beaches as well.
Cabrillo?
Whatever.
I don't know.
This really is a very basic issue which is that the community is standing up to protect its youth and citizens from tobacco smoke and litter said duty strang.
Executive director of youth tobacco prevention core, a group of teen activists that set the legislation motion two years ago at Solana Beach.
The group would seek smoke-free beaches, parks and recreation areas, approach three city councils in 2002 for professional one week bands.
It goes on and on and on.
It's so sad.
So sad.
Let's start punishing the smokers.
They're addicted to nicotine just like us.
Fat people are addicted to be fine carbohydrates but nobody wants to believe it.
And I still say with all these gigantic anti tobacco company lawsuits that when they when they decided to throw out the lawsuits again.
Of course, that was the big business people.
I was the Republicans.
Oh, you can't see McDonald's anymore.
Tansu Burger King.
Why not?
At least not for uh, addicted you to their food because they decide because they said, what do you mean? Why not?
Are you starting in again?
Yeah.
Shame on you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget the QM fan right now with the anxious Scott.
Go take a look at that.
Till 2 o'clock at senior stereo at 99 Westpines Boulevard and Femre Pines.
Stop by and win the QM prize wheel for a chance to win some tickets for tonight's Panther Devil Game at the Yenthocenter.
That's now till 2 o'clock senior stereo and Femre Pines 98 90 Florida signatures on the petitioned on stopfcc.com.
Means 110 to go.
We better get on top of this.
Okay.
I don't want to take it for granted that we're going to get to 10,000 by 2 o'clock because if we don't man, stuff's going to hit the fan.
Make no mistake about it.
WQA and hello.
All right, I'm talking to you.
Speaking.
Yeah, Neil, can I give you one for the poll?
Go right ahead, please.
The bridges.
Jeff and then bow and uh,
Jeff bow and Lloyd bridges.
The bridges.
Who picked the wrong day to quit sniffing glue right?
Absolutely, absolutely.
A bad day to stop and uh, and then I mean, okay.
Good choice, pal.
Okay, but I'll take care.
How do you like that?
Good choice.
He was, huh?
I think it was a good choice.
It is a great choice.
The bridges.
Bridges, boats and I picked the bad day to quit sniffing glue.
Exactly.
Just what he said.
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's line 9 QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
Can we go for three in a row?
Let's do it.
WQM.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Neil.
Have two for your poll?
Yes, sir.
The Wayne Brothers.
The Wayne Brothers.
Yeah, the Wayne Brothers.
The Wayne Brothers.
Right.
And um, the bridges, hard bridges and you know,
and Lloyd.
Yes.
And Jeff.
Yep.
Okay.
I'll ask about the quit sniffing glue.
He wasn't listening.
Okay.
So the Wayne's, Damon Wayans and Sean.
Sean.
Sean Wayans, Ken and Irene.
Oh, there's a whole bunch of Wayans.
I thought that's what they did before a boxing match.
The five six seven 0 five 60.
So the ones that did that.
Mark's brother 61.
Favorite American entertainment family.
The best of all time.
Mark's brother 61.
And their way ahead.
Look at that.
The Sheens, Martin Charlie and Emilio Estevez 35.
Three Stooges 20.
I thought more people like Moe.
Absolutely.
And I guess not.
Very more 16.
The Jackson's 15.
The Sutherlands 14.
And after that, it's really slim picked and sold at 167.
Usman's only got three.
Wow.
The Nelson's two.
The Nelson's have appeared.
Baldwin's one.
Bridges one.
Tyler's a glaciers, mandrel sisters.
And the, oh, and the Wayne's none.
And look at how he spelled Wayans.
Wayans as in Wayne's world.
What?
W-A-Y-N-E-S.
Wayans?
No, I think there's an extra A in there somewhere.
It's supposed to be an extra A in there somewhere.
Look at that spelling.
I don't know.
I think that might be right.
Check it.
I think there's an A between the Y and the N.
You know something between the two of you.
How could it possibly be E-S?
How could it be an E-S?
When I tried Damon Wayans and that's what comes out.
It's Wayans though.
It's Wayans.
Wayans Wayans.
Do you know your Wayans to Hussano Zeyons?
I'll do a search too.
You did why?
I think it's W-A-Y-A-N-S.
Damon Wayans.
Is that correct?
Yeah.
That will, see no matter what you search for, it's going to come up.
I put it at the other day.
No, no, no.
I'll say, do you really mean Damon Wayans?
Neil got one right for all times sake.
W-A-Y-A-N-S.
There it is on IMDb, so it must be correct.
They don't make no mistakes.
W-A-Y-N-E-S.
Man, between the two of you, you ain't got your spell right.
What you're talking about?
I was agree with you.
Oh.
W-A-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got one.
Go ahead.
The Wilson's.
The Wilson's.
Oh, Karney Wilson.
Brian Wilson.
Carl Wilson.
Sure.
All of these people, right?
Right.
All of these things.
Good choice.
Thank you, Wilson.
Thank you.
Dennis Wilson, he's dead.
Carl Wilson, he's dead.
The Wilson's, uh, how do we want to say that?
Because they won't know who we're talking about.
The Wilson's.
No, no, that's not going to cut it.
They're not going to know that.
They're going to think you mean Mr. Wilson on Dennis the Menace.
How many kids that he had?
Bunch.
I would say.
About 30 men.
Oh, seriously, I, uh, uh, I don't know how you said.
Well, put something in parentheses.
Like what?
The scene Wilson's.
Well, there's Karney and Brian and Carl.
Right.
Dennis, I think that's them.
That's it.
Don't leave anybody out.
In parentheses, the singers.
How many other Wilson's are there?
Jackie Wilson.
Jackie Wilson.
He's not in there.
But there's no kin.
How about the most famous Wilson of them all?
Woodrow.
Oh, well, he.
See, he's my.
Hey, what is intellectual audience, man?
I know there Woodrow Wilson from Princeton.
El Presidente.
So you put it however you want.
Okay, if it's as good as the way you put the weigh-ins, it should be a real hoot.
26 past noon.
The mad dog, it too.
The Humper from the Bahamas from Windom, NASA, Crystal Palace at Fort.
Panty and people at seven.
The Panty is hosted Devils tonight at 730 at the Macarena.
Any interest?
No.
Hey, spring at a savings right now and save like never before on a new car truck
from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
They run US 120 minutes out of the 836 and Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth the drive.
No matter where you're hanging out because they're going to save you a crap load of money on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great leases.
An O4 camera or four runner for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 highlander for just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America?
For just 179 bucks a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
And now with the total increases on the turnpike on people using cash,
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car truck there.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you into great new Toyota today.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference.
They're locally owned and operated, committed to 100% customer satisfaction too.
Their service department is even open late until eight week nights to make sure your service work is done and done right.
Convenient to get there there at US 1 and 2.93th Street in Homestead.
Just 20 easy minutes south of the old 836.
So instead of wasting your time with those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to over promise an underliver and get you to their dealership under a phony pretense and a phony deal,
do the smart thing.
Get yourself a son of savings by calling David Rich, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM at 305-242-3247.
305-242-3247.
Grab a little and save a lot on that new Toyota and Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
5 and a local office is 5.60.
The radio's on your side.
2 and a few in.
In a place that smells just like a bad day at the scene.
It's just like a dress and dress that dreams every day to the end.
If you want to bring the circle back later.
It seems all you gotta do is just act to your name.
Who wide is the disaster sandwich that you tell about mine?
I love it.
Hey, girls, but don't wear pants that you tell about mine.
I love it.
Tell about mine.
We'll take your back, girls.
We'll be good friends.
We'll be good friends.
We'll be good friends.
We'll be good friends.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Don't forget to Q560WDQM.
Here's the fact is, how about the fondness?
I thought we had a monitor.
I said the fondness.
Peter, Jane, and Henry.
Right?
I thought the fond of them.
Something they never put them on there.
Whoa!
It seems like all the employees in my job to sign up on stopfcc.com.
Keep up the good work.
It says, sir, you're on higher Leah.
Don't say, don't say, keep it up.
Can't say that in a moment.
No.
Now let me take a peek at that thing.
90906, it means we need just 94 more people with the co-hones to sign that petition between
now and two o'clock.
It gets a 10,000 per floor at dawn.
Like I said, it's just a nice, even number.
We've got a long way to go after that.
And we're going to work on that ad in USA today.
We're going to raise some money on that.
Take out a quarter page ad at least.
Publicize this website so people know about it.
76,021 signatures on there right now.
Can you imagine if people really knew about it?
And let me say it again, the cheap channel people, the stations, the 1200 radio stations
that they own.
You think the people on those stations are going to be promoting this?
No.
No, under penalty of death.
That's funny.
Well, that's a sad part.
That's one of the reasons it's hard for people to have an anada.
The Olsen twins.
It says.
The Olsen twins.
Okay.
Was Johnny Olsen one of them?
Yeah.
Merlin.
Come on.
The Olsen was one of them.
How can we forget to add the two, this is cute.
The two stooges, Colon and Michael Paul, that's cute.
Don't put that on there, by the way, Josh.
I mean, it would seem pretty much common since he wouldn't put it on there.
But with Josh, you never know.
He's dangerous.
The booth family.
Yeah, they were for entertaining.
Junius booth, Edwin booth and John Wolf's booth.
They were entertainers.
Yeah, they were great entertainers.
Tilly sisters, Jennifer and Meg.
We want to put the silly Tilly sisters on there.
Why not?
The Coppola family also missville.
Well, I'd tell you one thing.
The spelling in America is really bad.
Really bad.
C-O-P-P-O-L-A, not A-L-A.
A. The Coppola family.
Oscar winner Nicholas Cage Coppola.
Oscar winner Francis Ford Coppola.
And Oscar winner with a big schnauz.
Sophia Coppola says DJ Valentine.
He spelled them all wrong.
But nevertheless, Lisa is consistent.
Oh, Sophie.
What a schnauz, man.
Oh.
Why did we ever have to see her again?
One of those things.
Hmm.
Well, let me tell you something, my friend.
The Quaid family.
Who the hell is the Quaid family?
Am I supposed to know who they are?
Randy and Dennis.
Oh, that's right.
But it's also spelled wrong.
We're going to Q-U-A-D-E.
Isn't it Q-U-A-I-D?
That's what I thought.
Yeah.
Everybody's spelling bad because they don't want you
and just to feel too bad.
Ron Diaz is doing sports 9-12 on Clear Channel.
What?
Ron Diaz is doing sports?
What is that all about on Chief Channel No Less?
Boy, they'll put almost anybody on here.
That's pretty sad.
The Serrano Ron Radio Network.
All of you to have Lynn and Joan Fontaine.
Are they kissing cousins?
What are they?
I guess they're related.
Are they sisters?
Are they married?
I don't know.
All of you to have Lynn and Joan Fontaine.
How about Johnny Fontaine?
The three stooges who were brothers were mole, curly, and shem powered.
Real names, Moses, Jerome, and Samuel Horowitz.
Absolutely.
Larry was no relation.
Well, how do you like that?
If sports casters are included as entertainment and good ones should be,
then the Kerry family is pretty solid.
Also misspelled.
It's C-A-R-A-Y.
How about Harry and Chip Kerry and Skip Kerry?
Harry, uh, Harry's skipping, uh, scary, uh, whatever, name it.
Got it?
Okay.
Harry, Chip, and Skip Kerry, C-A-R-A-Y.
When you mention the bear more as you admitted a Lionel who was the best,
he made over 200 films during the very early silence in the 1950s.
His most famous roles were Mr. Potter and it's a wonderful life,
and Lauren Becaus' father in Key Largo.
Well, how do you like that?
Lionel bear more.
PS, oh yeah.
How could we forget the Gibbs, the Brothers Gibbs?
The Brothers Gibbs, all you need to do is put that down, or you could put the BGs.
However you want, I'll leave it up to you.
Please spell it right.
G-I-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time?
231 vote?
Uh, Mark's brother 73? The Sheen's...suporte-one?
I mean, uh, the three-stooge is 30-70, even though they might not have all been related.
The Jackson's 22? The Bairamores 19?
The Sutherland's 17? Dumberland keeper?
I don't like either one of them, to be honest with you.
They're Canadian though.
Hey, Karen, put down at the watercress.
Osmond's five, Wayne Brothers four.
Haha, ho, ho, ho. The Nelson's three, the Douglas family, Kirk and, uh, Michael three.
The Douglas family. Baldwin's two, the Bridges two, Tyler's one, Fonda's one, the Olsen twins one.
By the way, he's doing this is just giving me spilkeys.
The Eglaceus and Wilson's and Mandrell sisters and Coppola's and Quads don't have any yet.
Out of 231. But they will.
It will, Billy, it will.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I've got to get this very important thing.
Don't let me forget the next hour.
Okay, don't forget.
Cutting calories extends life.
Even older mice unrestricted diets fare better in research.
This is, uh, shocking.
So like I said, Karen put down the watercress. Please sweetheart.
We're supporting you 5, 60, 2 a.m.
The up and tempo was a crap.
The morning show.
Then in Orlando, they ran at two.
Now they can't compete in old Tampa Bay.
They're on in Jacksonville and Zeta too.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they make too much money.
Run and run.
Boy they blow.
Run and run.
Absolutely.
All of the games like to call them the bros.
Bash the gays and the ethics too.
They're worse than sunny box or parvy shoes.
Blasphots or mylo and even.
Joey too.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they make too much money.
Run and run.
Boy they suck.
Run and run.
You know these two losers show is a real snoozer.
But I must get credit where credit is due.
After 5 minutes of that bad radio.
Makes me love that Chuck Myers morning show.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they took lessons from sunny run and run.
Boy they blow.
Run and run.
Awful.
Just brutal.
Road test.
Call 45.
I mean they were fine for Tampa and maybe for Orlando.
They would have just stayed there.
They might have been okay.
Catch my drift.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Anyway, here's the facts from Tom who says the Van Dyke family.
Jerry and then he's got the blank.
Or you can say Dick Van Dyke.
Jerry and Dick Van Dyke.
But just say real fast Tom.
Yeah, let's put them on it.
Even though I can't stand either one of them.
He's nested portals.
Oh, like I said, the Van Dyke family.
Study.
Cutting calories extends like a study in my suggest that a low calorie
die could help extend life even if the dietary change doesn't start until old age.
The study appearing this week in the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences showed that
mice at the relatively advanced stage of 19 months that were placed on a restricted
calorie die live 42% longer than litter mates who continue to be the standard diet.
Liter mates.
Other studies have shown that young mice put on low calorie die live much longer than mice fed the standard
fear.
But the new research suggests it's never too late to enjoy a life extension benefit by reducing calories.
Cut the fat.
Stephen R. Spindler, the University of California Riverside leader of a team conducting the research said
there's little evidence yet that dietary restrictions will extend human life.
But in mice at least sense of bleeding even at older ages clearly has a longevity benefit.
He said a 19 month old mouse is age equivalent of 60 to 65 years old in humans.
So in other words, don't feed your mouse too much.
Spindler said old mice placed on a restricted calorie die responded quickly with better health
and that eventually the animals lived up to six months longer than litter mates fed the standard diet.
If such findings translate to humans he said this could mean a lot more years and a lot of good years
the mice on caloric restriction live longer and they were healthier.
Oh right.
How do you like that?
So cut the fat.
When it's out, cut it out.
How are we doing on stop SCC dot com?
Let me refresh.
Let me take a look at that.
Stop the miserable obnoxious disgusting.
We got what?
19, 9, 33.
99, 33 means we need 67 more in an hour, 13 minutes.
You better get with it.
Okay.
If you haven't signed up petition yet, stop FCC dot com.
Stop what you're doing right now and get on it.
Hop on it.
Because if we don't get to 10,000 by two o'clock George is going to be on for the next six months in a row every day and even on the weekend.
Not just on this show either on all the shows.
24, 7.
What's that total look like?
76,271.
And look at that 90, 100.
There's something going on.
Thanks to Ron did Miami by the way.
She's on the last five people to sign in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Texas.
I'm seeing more and more.
There must be some people on the year promoting this or doing some somebody doing something.
You know what?
Because the word is starting to really get around.
And it wouldn't surprise me by the time we said our ass is down here tomorrow.
There's like over 80,000 on there.
We're getting there.
We're making progress.
WDQM. Hello.
Yes sir.
From Margate calling from Margate.
Yes sir. Speak to me.
Oh, this is Neil.
Yes it is.
That's right. I got two good ones for you.
Okay.
The caradins.
The who?
The caradins.
John Caradins.
Oh the caradins.
Somebody already said that but I did we put it on there?
We may have not left it off.
I think you did.
We left it off.
The caradins.
A whole thing about the caradins.
And it's Josh Schmuck is not the, come on Josh.
You're not doing his job today.
Caradins man.
He must be, maybe the good ship and finally got over to QAM.
And I got another one for you too.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Okay.
The Houston.
The Houston.
Yeah John Houston.
What the Houston.
The Houston.
The Houston.
Yeah.
How bad.
Excellent.
Thanks pal.
Bye bye.
Have a great day.
That's H-U-S-T-O-N-S.
Okay don't put a U in there all the way.
Do like Houston's restaurant a lot.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know what it is.
I always talk about how much I like that place but I never go there.
I haven't been there in years.
Why is that?
I don't know maybe that's why you like him so much.
At, no, if you ever eaten in Houston?
Sure.
They're great.
Excellent.
Very good.
I love their soups.
And it's just a great place.
I wish they had more than one.
Because if I'm going to go that far over in Fort Lauderdale.
I'm going to go over there.
I'll go there with Chris.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
I'm going to drive that far out for a meal.
Ashley, not only in Manona Judd.
There you go.
The Judds.
Got it.
We got the Judds.
All right.
Here come the Judds.
560-7-050-60.
I'm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I have a very good Jimmy President combo.
It's too serious and more but I don't want to read it.
It's on a website.
A call for civilization amid darkness of war by Jimmy Brisland.
Well, he's really written some fabulous.
I mean, he's always written good stuff but in the last year or two.
Just unbelievable good stuff.
Mark's brothers 81.
The three stuages are making their move now.
Absolutely.
Moe is giving a he put the pedal to the metal.
55 for the stuages.
The Sheen's 45.
The Jackson's 23.
And the Burhamor's 21.
Everybody else under 20.
OK.
Can I do that anymore?
Today.
Better not do that more than twice.
We'll get some more of those phony letters.
I mean stop.
Stop to think about the effort.
I know who did it too.
Believe me.
Yeah.
OK.
Here's the fact what?
You don't?
I got a thought.
Yeah.
Here's a fact that says here are my two picks.
Oh yeah.
Lucy and Desi.
See.
Well, now see.
If we call her Lucille Ball, are we doing Merry Christmas?
We can't say the Ball.
That's a question.
No, no, no, we can't.
No, we cannot say the Ball.
The R Nezes.
Burns and Allen.
And how do we say that?
George and Gracie, Burns and Allen is good.
OK.
Burns and Allen.
Nobody's going to vote for them anymore except us old timers.
And how do we say Lucy and Desi?
The R Nezes.
We just say Lucy and Desi.
The R Nezes.
And then of course, what about the other R Nezes?
Of course they are.
Oh, the Disney.
The Disney non-related R Nezes.
Disney Jr.
Who couldn't act as one of a paper sack, but he really had great blue eyes, man.
He was.
Anyway, and then what was the daughter's name?
Lucy?
I don't know.
I think that was her name too.
Lucy, yeah.
Lucy, oh, yeah.
Lucy, oh, yeah.
She was, no, but she was so dumb.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She, you remember her?
Yeah.
Wow, was she dumb?
And didn't look all like it either.
So it's a bad combination.
Anyway, the R Nezes.
What about the A's?
The R Nezes.
The R Nezes.
Well, the Z.
Not James R Nezes.
OK, the R Nezes.
Oh, you've got a V.
Let's see.
Oh, let me have a look at John Fontaine were sisters.
But we're not putting that on there because they won't get any votes anyway.
Uh, Douglas, oh, yeah, Doug, the Fairbanks is senior and junior.
The Fairbanks.
Yeah.
I love the great scene when they were both in the same movie and he said,
We have my junior, honey.
It says, if you do the booths, then Eugene O'Neil would count and James, the, uh, the count of mine, it Chris, oh, God.
Now, it's given the point I can't handle it no more.
I'm so sorry.
I did this.
The Wilson's question market says, and Nancy of heart.
Oh, different.
Wilson's.
So what, what, now what did we say?
We said singers.
So we got to change it.
Uh, yeah, change that Wilson's you got on there and put in there like Brian, Brian and the daughters.
Brian, et cetera.
OK, don't know if it's Brian Wilson on the Oats Center and then, uh, heart.
Then another one, Wilson, uh, and Nancy of heart.
We're just an an Nancy.
Got it.
Have a heart.
I'm getting Nancy just with us.
I didn't realize I opened up such a Pandora's box.
Can I still say that?
No, sorry.
Sorry, I said that.
I take it back.
I apologize.
Name of a porno.
Uh, what's that?
Don't say it.
God, you did.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
So many relatives and so little time.
You know what?
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes, how about a Liza Manelli and a crackhead mom?
All right.
Good choice.
Thanks.
Uh, Judy girl and Liza Manelli.
How do we say that?
Judy girl and Liza Manelli, I guess.
I don't like making these too long.
And of course, Josh is making them like the Tyler's.
You know, I mean, it's include like Jonathan John Tyler.
All of them.
The whole Tyler clan.
John Tyler was our 10th president because William Henry Harrison didn't know how enough
to come in out of the cold.
It's who they want it to be.
I see.
Uh, the couple.
Now, do we ever put the caradiene on there?
Are you just not going to put that on?
He does not have to spell it.
He doesn't have to.
Here.
C R R A D I N E S, the carry, D N C A R, R A D I D I N E S.
Even I know that.
The Houston's, who you got the Houston's on air?
H U S T O N yes.
We're going to, there's a little bit of a problem.
There's like a delay.
Yeah, what's that?
Why what's the problem?
There's still checking.
I know, no, no, listen, just listen to me.
Okay, I'll give you the uh, uh, uh, correct or incorrect.
However, I'll give it to you.
Just put it on the, then I'll take the blame WQM.
Hello.
Is this five, six feet QM?
Five, six feet WQ AM.
Yes, sir.
Uh, yeah.
Could I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil, I'm up.
The odds.
The what?
On your poll today, the osman.
The osman is in the osman brothers and, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Marie.
Yeah.
They're not doing to the, they're under.
They got a couple of votes.
Thanks.
I mean, the obvious, the obvious ones, the osman's were one of them and they're not,
they only got the five votes.
Why is that?
I guess people just don't like them.
No, no.
Maybe they didn't like him in the first place.
I'm no.
Maybe they just don't like Mormons.
You think that might have something to do with it?
Come on.
Here's one that says I heard Rondy as his wife on a year in Tampa talk show.
What is that?
Oh, he's got a new wife.
She's given Ronda Ronda for his money as some lady petition signer from day one.
Thank you, sweetheart.
I'm not really sure.
I know what that facts means, but his wife, his new wife was on a talk show in Tampa.
Well, everybody in Tampa's got a show.
Don't they?
Uh-huh.
Sure.
He has a wife, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was really sick.
He's making jokes about his wife dying from AIDS.
And then the guy that brought in a replacement, my name is making jokes about his, uh,
retarded kid or a handicap kid, whatever.
It was just, I mean, a whole concept of that show was strictly,
he'll believe in heaven, man.
They should have just done the show from Loots,
1256 at 560 QAM.
Not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
I folks, Dennis Miller here and I've standing here with president George W. Bush,
the man I'm endorsing for reelection.
Well, George, he's doing a great job.
I mean, you know, when it comes to get that done,
he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain.
Isn't that right, sir?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's my favorite basketball player.
Right, that president Bush really stands up to the terrorists.
Tell you better than the Democrats.
I mean, come on.
Those guys have the backbone of a nematode on muscle relaxers.
Okay.
Yeah, I think I used to lick nematodes back in my friend these days.
It's thinking of licking.
George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger licking than Hoots get Turner.
Well, I know what Hoots is, but who's Turner?
George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around
faster than Little Reagan's premium in the excess.
I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie.
I mean, come on.
I don't mean to go off it or add here,
but George W. is to proactive forward policy.
What Heisenberg was to quantum physics?
Okay.
I was I was good at this.
So please folks, come November 2004.
Vote for George W. Bush.
Trust me on this when you'll be happier than Rupin
studded with a fistful of ponderosa co-pots.
I think I get that one.
Oh, God.
Okay, for about the surprising new friends of George W. Bush.
101 at 560 W.
N.
Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
We got 99 and what?
67.
We need 33 more than a piece of cake.
Right?
Easy.
We can do it.
99 67 signatures on the petition.
Stop FCC.com.
10,000 by 2 o'clock.
That's our goal today.
Don't forget we got one more hour over there with the
wild Scott, different Scott from the petition.
Thank goodness.
I look for the QM fan noon to 2 now to 2 at senior stereo at
1919 West Pines Boulevard.
9019 West Pines in Pember Pines.
Stopped by and spin the wheel and maybe win tickets for
a nice Panther Devil game at the yet to center.
Now till 2 at senior stereo in Pember Pines.
When you run into Scott, you'll be in for real experience.
Trust me when I tell you.
WQA and hello.
At high N.O.
Yes, sir.
Okay, I have a couple of additions for your relis.
Go right ahead.
Oh, you've got Lon Cheney Jr.
And senior.
Right.
Lon Cheney Jr.
And senior get the honey Jr.
There's one for a CHEN.
EY, by the way.
CHEN.
EY.
Not to be confused with Vice President Dick Cheney.
You've got the, we call it, oh boy,
to skate me a Douglas Fairbanks Jr.
and senior.
Yeah.
Then we get that honor.
I mentioned that.
We got it.
We got it.
Another duo that we're very good with.
Alan Hale Sr.
and his son was okay also.
Nathan Hale.
Not Alan Hale.
Nathan Hale.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
But you know, it's interesting.
We're talking about, you know, move on.org
and the petition.
And I sent that email to just a lot.
Everybody I know.
Right.
I couldn't believe some of the responses I got
for some people who were like, what?
Well, like some of them were like,
afraid to find a petition.
I might put, what you're going to say.
That's what this is all about.
You mean, I said yesterday,
if you're that fearful of putting your name out of petition,
then you ought to like hop on a banana boat
and get out of the country.
I mean, you know, I have to take it.
It's truth.
I mean, I have already resigned myself to this fact
that if somehow Bush is reelected,
I'm already moving to Vancouver.
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
I've already met my man.
And I used to live up in Portland, Oregon.
And it's a beautiful part of the world.
And Vancouver's only maybe 280 miles up in a state five.
And sure, I'll be there in no time.
Good choice.
All right.
Meal, you have a great day.
I'll see you there.
Thanks.
Here we're all moving to Canada.
That's the way it is if Bush gets in again.
We're all moving to Canada.
Lots of wide open spaces, man.
We'll see in Medicine Hat.
Moose show at the PA.
Radio M.A.S.
Where's it?
Radio M.Hot Springs, man.
Cap is casing.
Yeah.
Those are the places I went.
I see St.
Catherine's.
We were in the middle of the mountain.
London, London, Ontario.
Windsor.
Better get with it.
Well, we got some great Canadian names.
Say, in fact, maybe I'll get the map out.
Unamapa and come up with some really fabulous names for.
Chakutami.
That's one of my favorites.
Oh, yeah, Chakutami.
Not me.
WQA, and hello.
I need you.
Yes, sir.
I'm ready off.
I'm in the car all day.
So I don't know if you have these two,
but how about the Douglass?
The.
Got them.
And the fondest fondest we got.
I'll tell you about that.
No problem.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
I voted on stopfcc.com.
Good job.
Thanks.
Have a good day, buddy.
You too.
Stopfcc.com 97.99.74.26.
Moe 26 more for 10,000.
When we first discovered this,
when we got that call to turn us out of this website
last 2D, we can go today.
Florida had I think like 1700 in some odd,
pretty embarrassing total.
Although, and of course you wonder
where those original ones that came on
or where they get from.
Was it from the certain website you think?
I don't know where they got it.
I don't know.
In fact, I'm looking to wonder
from what day was this.
I don't know what day this was.
Back when it was 68,000.
Florida had 8846.
We're making progress.
Although it's not as a momentous as I thought it was.
It's pretty good.
It's fair.
It's to be honest with you.
A little on a weak side.
But that guy's right.
A lot of people scared to death.
Oh, I don't want to give my name.
I don't want the government getting my name.
Well, guess what?
The government's already got your name, okay?
The government's got your name.
You address your phone number.
Your shoe size.
Your **** size.
They got it all.
They even know what kind of a toothbrush
you're brushing your teeth with.
How often?
How many times did you brush it?
And right hand or left hand?
I do like my radius toothbrush, by the way.
I wish I hadn't gotten some more of those.
The Hemingways,
Muriel, Margot, and the Old Man Ernest Hemingway.
You got that?
The Hemingways?
We got it.
From Jerry and Ruth Carolina.
Thanks, Jerry.
The Hemingways.
Speaking of Hemingways,
whatever happened in that restaurant.
Long gone.
Remember Hemingways?
It's, it keeps changing names.
The building's still there.
And I think they're still doing some business in there.
And then we had a sponsor for a very brief while.
Some kind of a, they pulled the wall over my ears.
And that was like a gate club or something like that.
An mankind restaurant.
Is that what it was called?
That's what it was called.
The mankind?
That's a gate club you moron!
No, I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60.
That's our astute sales department.
They are just the best.
99, 74.
I'm going to shut that thing off of there.
And the next time I look at it,
we ought to be over the 10,000 for Florida mark.
What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time?
Where the hell did I come up with this?
Oh, that's because I was watching
biography last night and watching about Charlie Sheen.
Which I never, I don't know, I just never thought about him that much beside the fact that
the Robert Downey Jr.'s types and the Charlie Sheen's, these guys are all,
I just, I don't have a lot of sympathy for that, you know.
Don't lump them in together.
I'm sorry.
What Robert Downey Jr.'s real scumbag?
Yeah, Charlie Sheen just had, he had a few problems, like you said,
that he was Martin Sheen.
The hookers.
Yeah.
The Carlaw family, Boris and Natasha.
Oh, come on.
Natasha, Carlaw?
What?
Tell the chevy law.
Come on, what, what, what, what was her claim to fame?
I don't know whatever.
No, I don't put that on here.
Come on.
Where the, the, the best entertainment family,
meaning all of the people were like stars, celebrities, did something.
Marks Brothers 89, the three-studio 71, the Sheen's 50, from the Sheenie Alps,
the Jackson's 26,
Sutherlands, Donald of Keeper 23, Bera more is 22, the Wayans Brothers 12.
The Fund is 9.
I wouldn't know.
What's your Wayans' ad in Requiem?
Damon.
Damon Wayans.
Damn good.
Yes, great.
Yes, he is.
A Fund is 9, he's pretty good, Jim.
The Gibbs, the Brothers give 9, the Olsen twins, Johnny and whatever her name was.
The Olsen twins 8, Bridges 8, that's Lloyd Bridges,
Bridges Boats and the Trains.
The Baldwin's 6, the Osman's 5, the Osman's 5,
if it stuck on a 5 for a long time, come on.
Give it up for the Osmans.
If there is anything I despise, that was our Synno Hall start of that crap, you know?
He was the one that made that big give it up for this one, give it up for that one.
Yeah, right.
Oh man, that show was just made me run a few bad, really awful, awful, awful, awful, awful.
He was always sitting on the edge of the couch like he was going to like slip off on the floor.
The Nelson's 5, the Carpenter's 4, Richard and Karen.
Couple is 4, the Douglas family 4.
Now, what Douglas is that?
Kirk and I see that, you can't do that.
You don't know why you can't do that.
Why can't you do that?
Well, you got to say in parentheses, Kirk and Michael Douglas, see?
All right, because there was like Melvin Douglas and it was like Douglas MacArthur and I don't
know how much of Douglas is.
The Caradins I spelled it for and you still don't even come close to
C-A-R-R-A-D-I-N-E-S. He's got Caradins, D-E-A-N-S like Jimmy Dean.
Not close enough.
No, it's not close enough.
It's embarrassing, man.
Did you hear what I said?
C-A-R-R-A-D-I-N-E-S?
Yeah.
Thank you.
What?
Van Dyke's one, the Towers one, Stephen Liv,
the Wilson's Anonanty one, the Wilson's Brian and the Gantzomer Spokhal one,
the Kerry family one, that's Harry and Skip and Chip,
but the Arquets one and no votes yet for the Mandrel sisters.
Our people don't like that country music and I'm pleased to see that.
The Quads one, the Juds one, and none, none for a whole bunch of these.
Fairbanks, Eglaceus, Almond Brothers, the Houston's,
the Arnezes, the Cheneys and, anyway,
he's got Lucy and Desi Arnezes, but there's like,
oh, that's right.
The parents were Lucy and Desi and the kids were Lucy and Desi.
I guess they just had a real good imagination.
They had a problem, right?
Well, what is that all about?
I don't know.
Lucy Arnez, Jr., boy, whatever her deal was.
She was so stupid.
She was on one of the quiz shows because she couldn't act away out of a paper
What ever would happen a little Lucy Arnez, huh?
Don't know.
She was probably working on that assembly line and the chocolate plant
with what's your name?
Who played Lucy's friend?
Vivian Vance.
Vivian Vance.
Very good.
Vivian Vance in your pants and William Frawley.
See?
William Frawley, who was also on my three sons and then he croaked and then who also
came and played Grandpa Howard David.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Mohawar David on my three sons.
What a what a sickling thought.
He was Uncle Kveci.
I'll tell you a better thought was the fact that the rob on my three sons.
What was his name again?
He was a doing uh,
purifying.
I don't know.
Oh was he?
Oh you mentioned that the other guy was on.
God Grady.
Wow.
In fact, I was hoping that he'd have a sequel that other show would cover the
Grady bunch.
I have a line for that.
But of course under the present uh,
environment.
Can't say it.
We'll get another one of them.
Phony Faxes tomorrow.
12 minutes after one at 560 WQM.
If you're really starving but you don't want to spend a lot of time in the kitchen cooking
and working like crazy.
Emerald coast wants to do it.
The cook and for you today and cook up a real feast.
You can start your mother watering eating experience with six different soups and
sampled dozens of succulent entrees like New York strip made award in their sizzling
Asian grill.
The brand new seafood saying Jacques oysters on a half shell.
The lask and stone crab middle like clams.
Jumbo.
Seam.
Scampy every night.
If you still have room shovel in little handcar prime rib in their new Thai
specialties too.
No MSD headaches at the Emerald coast because guess what they don't use any MSG.
They don't use any cornstarch.
They don't use any craft.
They cook only in cholesterol free oils too.
The buffet features a full silent bar.
New sushi bar and fresh.
Seam.
Cocktail.
And if you have any room left after all of that after all of these things.
Then shovel in little dessert too because the dessert stations got Belgian waffles
waiting on you.
Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings.
Even fresh fruit at the Ascend.
Emerald coast three locations for you.
In sunrise, Pine Island at 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach.
And also the intersection of Flamingo and Pember Crosion.
Pember Pines.
Take the whole family of Book Your Next Business Luncheon right now.
And let our friends at the Emerald coast cook up a storm for you.
Take out and deliver you available to call 954-5723822-954-5723822 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Line 5 and local.
We're sports radio 560-HUAM.
Guess what happened?
What happened?
10,000-4.
Woo!
We did it!
Oh!
We did it!
Right!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
When would you be in Orlando?
About 10 minutes.
As long!
For Miami!
Sure, I'll just take the bullet train.
Oh!
Now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes
on the Florida bullet train.
Thanks to your well-researched landslide boat.
Now I'm going in the bullet train.
For your whole church.
A-pap-a-pan.
Oop!
The manga.
Why just take the Montereyle coast and barbecue?
When the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa,
right into this game day.
Where you can explore the tropical barrier reefs,
made entirely of Cuban Buick.
New hold of confidence and credibility of elected officials has finally paid off.
Take the Florida bullet train.
We travel information on the Florida bullet train called,
wait a minute, wait a minute.
Oh.
Oh, here's the number.
117 at 560 WDQM.
What about the Van Halen brothers?
The Van Halens, you got it?
Got it.
Somebody says the Zappas dammit,
even better than the Osmans,
the Osborns.
Of course, what's not to like?
The Zappas, the Osborns, the Van Halens.
And the Synophras, somebody said,
now you see, I have a problem with this.
Okay.
See, what American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time?
That's the question.
We're not asking how many different people in the family
could sing or pretend to sing now.
If you're going to tell me Frank Sinatra Jr.
or even Nancy Sinatra,
if they were singers,
we could debate old blue eyes all day long.
And for the sake of argument,
he was great.
Okay, whatever you say,
sold a lot of records.
But I mean, if you're going to tell me that Nancy Sinatra
and Frank Sinatra Jr.,
I mean, the most famous thing he ever did was get kidnapped.
And how could he not answer your question?
Well, and then we're not going to put their suggestion
on the pool.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
We're not going to put it on there because the Synophras,
blow what they hear is,
which entertainer do you know had some kin?
Yeah, how many different families can you name that were in show business?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line,
10,000 and 4,
and looking for more on stopfcc.com.
So you didn't think we'd widen you today.
Of course I did.
Because today we needed what,
what do we need in the beginning?
I wrote it down to
272.
And we got 276 plus,
we're doing okay.
And the total is zoom in up there.
I like that.
That's a good oldman.
The total is zoom in up.
It's like 76,000.
It's going to be 77,000 by the time we get out of here.
Total.
And 9395 new ones in the last 24 hours.
That's a big good jump.
Look at that.
Katarina and Miami.
Thanks, Katarina.
California, Ohio, Texas, Pennsylvania.
They're all over the place.
So somebody somewhere is getting the word out.
And whoever it is, I don't really care.
Whether it's rush or howard or run and run or whoever.
I don't care.
When in doubt, get the word out.
That's all accounts.
While we can still say hello and goodbye.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Hey, how about, um, good afternoon, Neil?
I'm sorry.
Anybody mentioned Julia Robertson or no talent for all her?
Uh, Eric.
Yeah.
But there are people actually who like Eric Roberts.
So I think they should be on there,
even though I can't stand them.
Oh, okay.
And how about John Boyton's daughter,
Angelina?
I don't know her last name.
Julie.
Angelina is Julie is John Boyton's daughter.
I had forgotten that.
That's true.
Yes, that's true.
And she did what she married to the, uh,
to the, uh, some call it.
I got your blade.
I call it a slick blade.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks, Pat.
I have an idea.
And back to you.
Uh, let's see.
How do we say that?
The, uh, void, Julie, void slash, Julie.
Okay.
And what was the first one which, uh,
my mind is going real bad?
Oh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Julie Roberts and, uh,
Julian Eric Roberts.
He just gives me the willies, you know,
something bad about him.
Yeah, his acting.
Yeah.
He's a bad actor in more ways than one.
But never less like I said,
some people like him.
So we'll put it on him.
Hope.
Eric Roberts.
Right.
Do you know anyone who likes him?
Uh, I think even Julia,
into a crazy bottom.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and T line.
WQA.
Hello.
Yeah, I got one for your poll.
Okay, sir.
How much more does a kid, uh,
the Smothers Brothers?
The Smothers Brothers were sensational.
I had to recall watching some kind of a talk show once
where one of them has a summit in the Porto business.
That's correct.
I saw that.
Yeah.
Oh, they've got it all covered.
Thanks, Pally.
Thank you.
See you.
The Smothers Brothers time and
thick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, I don't even want to go into it.
This list that we got is just so silly and so embarrassing.
And he really fart noises.
Oh my god.
Is all I can say to that.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Grow up America.
Fart sounds.
The same ones you hear in like little kids cartoons.
Oh, we don't want to have those on the radio.
Those that's excretory activity.
Yeah, excrete this.
WQA.
I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the long time listen,
Arab Second Time Call it.
All right.
I got a situation here at work.
I'm a Green Girl America.
I got two cuanos.
I got to work with for 14 years.
I don't like you.
Yeah.
And I like to listen to you.
What am I going to do?
I'll find a new job.
Probably sounds like good idea to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for Rise and Wireless Line.
Find a new job and also.
I have no life.
Get a life WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a couple for the call.
Go ahead.
You can do.
I don't know if I can eat the one's brothers.
Great.
And Cameron.
Okay, here's what I heard.
You can do the setters and cameras.
Right.
Right.
Now is that Del Cameron and maybe this is a harness racing guy.
That might be Del Cameron.
And I'm trying to think of what the other cameras name one.
Hey, I don't know.
Huh?
Well, what do you mean you don't know?
How would you how would you possibly know?
I mean, you know, all the cameras I might know.
You know, uh, Francis or here,
but that's about the extent of your harness racing knowledge.
Maybe while maybe while I Hennessy,
yeah, there you go.
Donald Brainerd.
Sure.
How about Donald and Michelle Brainerd?
Oh, that's right.
Entertainment family.
We said I'm sorry.
Although they do put on quite a show.
It has a little to do with racing,
but they put on a hell of a show out there in the middle of the track
with the search party at Compass.
All right.
Hey, where's where's that finish line?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on a AT&T.
That's a great pull.
What's your favorite harness racing family?
How about the Gilmore is a Levi and Eldon Harner?
That was good.
I know when you're going to do that.
How about Hollis and Billy Rieger?
All right.
Did it tell me that the day before?
Yeah.
This is fantastic.
How about the ill-fated,
oh, I can't even think of what his name was.
He was on my show one time.
Died in a car wreck.
How about the Houtons, huh?
And the dancers.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to you.
And the Rankins.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead.
Speak tomorrow.
Speak, Robin Ronn, our pool.
Yeah.
You suck.
Okay, thanks.
5 6 7 0 he sounded just exactly like one of their people, man.
You are perfect for Ron and Ron.
You're right up there, Ali Sally.
They blow.
That's why they're like, you know,
scratching and hopping and hollering,
trying to get a gig here and there and whatever they do.
Although I think Bennington and Fez were in New York, weren't they?
I don't know.
Ron Bennington and Fez Wattley?
What?
I think so.
I wasn't following their career as closely as I probably should have.
Oh, well, call Tony Cramer.
Okay, as long as he ain't doing any drugs no more.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I got an intercom in his family for Neil.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead.
You speak to him.
The Nelson.
The Nelson's.
I think we got him on there.
I had an Europe.
Well, that's probably because a goofballer missed it up.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
All right.
Thanks.
I got it.
I didn't mean you.
I meant Josh.
Well, some goofball.
I have the Nelson's around here.
I'm sure they have any votes.
I'm not so sure they're on here.
Let's see.
Yeah, they got some votes.
They're doing okay.
Ozzy and Harriet and Rick and David.
And then the kids with a long hair.
I don't remember what their names were.
Do you?
Gunter and uh.
Oh, very good.
And freak boy.
I don't know.
Gunter and uh,
hunter.
What's the over and gunter?
Gunter and over.
Let's take a look at what we got so far.
This I, I, I.
I don't know what it is.
But when I started this thing and I'm glad that I did.
Because we never did this before.
And it's kind of fun.
I never realized there were so many.
What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time?
The Marks Brothers 103.
Groucho,
Parpo,
Chico and Gummo.
Don't forget that.
Groucho always called Chico Chico.
What?
Don't forget Zepo.
And Zepo.
Was Neon Led Zeppo?
He started it.
Three Stooges 82.
The Sheens, Martin, Charlie and Emilio Estreves 81.
Now 61.
How come Emilio Estreves is uh,
Emilio Estreves is he by different uh, mother or?
I've already answered that before long time ago years.
If you remember.
Uh, yeah.
Martin Sheen, uh, his real name was Estreves.
Martin Sheen is his showbiz name.
And so his children one took his showbiz name and one did not.
Well, I'll be danged.
Who said this wasn't a really educational show?
Uh, the Jackson's 30.
How many of the Jackson's got?
About 30, man.
Sutherland's 24, the Bairamores 23, the Wayans 19.
Fondas 12, the Gibbs 11, the Brothers give, Bridges 10,
Olsen twins 9, Korken Michael Lugvis 8,
the Arneses have got 7, the Nelson 7, the Baldwin 7,
the Carpenters 5, the Osman Stuckett 5,
Poradani and Marie Mann and Allen and whatever their name is.
The Coppola's 5, the Curitans 4,
and Nancy Wilson's 3, the Egliseys's 2,
Pylers 2, Hemingway's 2, the Arquets have got a pair,
and there were a whole bunch of them.
Brian Wilson and the Beach Boy family 2,
Carnegie, etc., and Dennis and Carl.
A Oman Brothers 2, Van Dyke's 1,
Manrel's 1, not much after that.
So far.
Long way to go though.
127 at 560, WQA,
and it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
Oh my God.
You pay zero closing costs,
zero application, fee zero,
credit bureau, fee, and even zero discounted points.
Get the new low interest rate at just 1.25%.
If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are just
$334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, your pay only $668 a month,
and don't forget once you be financed to get a new
home mortgage from financial group,
you will never ever pay those closing costs again.
If you'd like to get all the info,
there is positively no way obligation.
Just call their toll free number.
1, 8, 6, 6, 3, 9, 5 land.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve,
and then move to that next property
with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fees,
zero dock fees,
zero closing costs,
even when you make that move to another property.
So get yourself that unbeatable financing rates
is 1.25% with the great only one mortgage
from financial group and never ever pay closing costs again.
For details here, that number again,
1, 8, 6, 6, 3, 9, 5 land.
That's 1, 8, 6, 6, 3, 9, 5,
LED, the Renekville Housing Lender,
where Stritten's apply rates up to change monthly,
4.21 APR.
I'm live and local.
This is Sports Radio 516.
You ain't a new AM.
I'm a new AM.
He was sick of money, pay clean.
And he wished she was gone.
Even though she'd had his baby,
their whole marriage was wrong.
So he took her to a restaurant
and when dinner was done.
When she got back into his car,
then he pulled out of the gun.
He didn't like his daughter's mama
thought she'd ruin his life.
So we asked the couple stuntmen
if they would bond on his wife.
He thought he'd think it only murder her.
It would fix his mistake.
He shot it twice with a revolver
and his name's round the plate.
He killed a bunch of folks in cold blood
and a big movie scene.
Then he wasn't so successful.
He played a cop on TV.
Now he's just another jailbird.
He could kiss a cockatoo.
Like he used to run for a rat up.
That's the name of that too.
He didn't like his daughter's mama.
Thought she'd ruin his life.
So we asked the couple stuntmen
if they would bond on his wife.
He got arrested with his bodyguard.
He will never escape.
Now he's gonna go to prison.
And his name's round the plate.
134.
26.
It's right that the legal system is reduced now.
To sending people faxes, it saves a lot of postage
and a lot of agreement.
Here's another Q1 from the same clown.
This one got a graphics going now.
From the Howard Stern Show to WQM560AM,
The Orange Show, cease and desist notice, immediate compliance required.
You, your program, your station and your website are prohibited from
referencing, sourcing, mentioning, promoting, debating, or displaying any
and all personal, competitive or comparative information, research,
images, quotes, or any material in any way credited to Howard Stern,
the Howard Stern Show, or www. HowardSturn.com.
Hey, it's Howard.
How it's spam.
How do you like that?
What's Howard, been out of shape that we got all the signatures?
Well, the whole thing's silly anyway.
Let's see, here's one that says,
are you forbidden to use the recumb drop?
I think that is your funniest drop of all.
Isn't that a medical term?
Also, if the person who says a bad word gets fired,
then play, what is it, play most saying,
yeah, I know, I understand.
I already went through that the other day.
It's not us that we're getting big, big trouble if this got on the
ear. It's the person who is saying it, and I think it's a very
recognizable voice, you know what I'm saying?
You, uh, care about your phone.
Oh, no, don't do it.
You, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, watch yourself now.
One more time.
You, uh, anyway.
Here's another one.
Boy, they're just full of it today, man.
They're having a great time.
Robert and Chentin Nugas says, my best friend who lives in Pemberpines told me you
probably get a kick out of this.
I've listened to your web stream this morning, and I've heard several things I would have thought
were located, say, being bleeped.
I can only imagine this is because of the fear of the FCC is already instilled in
station owners.
I've already signed the petition in Tennessee is up to 5121.
Nice going there, Robert.
For that reason, I'm fixing this to you instead of calling so you can decide if it's
appropriate for the airwaves.
My husband and I have undertaken a grassroots action to get the word out about
the Bush administration stealth campaign for gay rights.
To that end, my husband has just launched the fraudcasting.com website with T-shirts
and bumper stickers for sale.
Uh, I see.
I can't read that last thing there.
Why don't you support gay marriage?
I certainly would like to do a, I'll check that out.
fraudcasting.com says Robert and Robert.
I know we can't say that on the air.
Not even close to saying that.
Right?
Right.
Right.
But keep those facts is coming, boy.
Ashley in plantation says, thanks for all the political insight I love hearing your
take.
I'm so pissed off about what the FCC is doing.
I signed the online petition at FCC.com.
Send it to everyone I know.
Let me ask you, why can I listen to you on the not stirring anyway don't go anywhere.
I'm not going to where Ashley thought I'm ready.
And I, and for a while, uh, well, Stern, they just don't scream the show.
I don't know why.
What's the reason for that, you think?
I don't know.
I mean, there are ways we have ways where people have found to be able to listen to it, but you
have to go through this big, arduous, long, so into dance and they're just not that many
people are doing it.
I don't know why they just don't scream it.
And I'm talking about for free like we do.
Unlike some people with big egos, we don't, uh, are you sure you don't charge 695 a month
for neowarges.com or listen to the show.
To me, that is so, oh, so cheesy.
No, no, seriously, that's so cheesy.
Yeah.
So cheesy.
Talk about a gigantic ego.
Oh, Patty.
Wow.
Do you know how about Kate Hudson and Goldie Hahn, their sisters?
Mother and daughter.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Didn't check it.
Yeah, I guess I did.
Kate Hudson and Goldie Hahn, and she's still married to Kurt Russell.
Right.
Right.
I don't like him.
Or Melissa and Joan Rivers says Mike.
I'm Melissa and Joan Rivers.
What's Melissa Rivers talent?
What does she do?
She's her mother's daughter.
Oh, I see.
My mother's daughter.
Well, what is that prove?
So is Dr. Laura.
She's like, fetchy.
Oh, fetchy.
I don't want to hear it.
Well, that's all leave it up to you.
If you want to put it on their fine.
Warren, Betty and Shirley McClain, brother and sister, not to mention Warren's wife, and
it, and it's beening.
Warren, Betty, slice Shirley McClain.
Did you get that?
Yeah.
They have a kind of great movies between them.
Ron, will you listen to me?
No.
Ron and Fett, is he interrupting again?
Well, no, we've got the vacation for Don.
Warren, Betty, B.E.
Well, you've got the facts right there for crying out loud.
Why do I have to keep spelling before these people got the spelling right?
Warren's Bates and Shirley's McClain's and Danny McClain.
Ron and Fett's are on WJFK in Washington, D.C., doing 7 to 11 p.m.
Well, good luck to him.
Okay, I don't wish anybody to business any bad luck.
I'm trying to think of anybody even more.
Absolutely.
I don't wish bad luck.
I just wish he'd go away, but I wish him any bad luck.
Because this businessman is bad as it used to be.
As much of a piece of dirt as it used to be.
We still can't say, T right.
You turn.
As of today.
Now for the guy that wanted to know if we can say,
Welcome.
Yes, today.
Mark it down in your calendar on Tuesday, March 22, 2004.
We can still say, You turn and, but that's as far as we can go with that.
And tomorrow could be a whole different.
It might have a whole new list tomorrow.
In fact, every single day now, when the show starts, I have to have a conversation
before the show with our middle-level management people, Clarence and Duff.
And I have to ask the same question every day.
My life and love.
This is for real by city.
You way, you way.
One, if be nice, if they found Shandra.
Simple and in a shade, can't drink in booze.
One, if be nice, if they found Shandra.
Sporting one of those computer dues.
Then this all of them is wood, be history.
We finally put it into this mystery.
One, if be nice, if they found Shandra.
Eating heavy, our in one skirt, cheese.
One, if be nice, if they found Shandra.
Fire in a hitman in the leaves.
She could tell us about Gary's winky.
As she laughed at hell, thought her baby.
One, if be nice.
I'm not too sure about that winky thing.
You remember that Jack Perisho for kids many years ago when I was a little kid growing up,
it was called winky thinking you?
Careful.
Okay, but that was 100 years ago.
I'm sorry.
Well, that might have been okay.
And you said like a little plastic thing they sent you in the mail.
When you, you mail it in your dime or whatever for it is in your plastic screen.
You put over your TV screen.
And you had like crayons that you, whatever.
Yeah.
You'd smear on it.
Red, king, cool, and Natalie, cool.
Now there's two talents, okay?
The Cole, CEO, LES.
Got it?
We got it.
The Cole's.
Old King Cole was a very old soul.
So I guess I can smit canistering here too.
So I'm not really sure about what about Schmidt?
Remember that movie?
What about Schmidt?
Yeah, what about it?
What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time?
We got a great question on our poll today if you asked me because I came up with it.
522.
So thanks to the bi- I love the biography channel, don't you?
Yes.
You had the biography channel?
Yes.
Oh, good.
Well, that's something.
Is there something that you know screen channel or driving classics like I'd like to have?
Oh, let me see what's on those channels right now.
Sure, go ahead.
I don't want to get on Playboy channel.
We will not be doing that experiment no more.
The Gate 2, return to the nightmare.
The Gate 2.
Return to the nightmare.
That's on a driving channel right now.
Millennium is on screen.
Where's the guy in the windows?
Stopperson.
I beg your pardon?
I'm going to do a series with the Lance, Henriksen and Megan Gallagher.
Okay.
The IFC, the independent film channel, has got whatever.
Shit!
I beg your pardon!
I beg your pardon!
A-ho!
Oh
Well, it's your fault you don't want to make me up with these channels out here, David. Oh my god
I just whip out a city says yeah
Don't hustle out. Yeah. Wow
What do you know me? I have that magic touch sometimes it works in reverse
At least it didn't say damn track right?
That was spectacular make no mistake. I'm booted oh
God I'm extra 15 different people at the yellow button that time, you know, I'm still fit in it. I'm yeah
Don't you Q. I am hello
Yeah, I think I was one for the fall. Okay. I think the guy or
Bring to
It's just a candid we hear each a ballet where I overfoot a panther right
Larry and Conan O'Brien
They're cousins are they really?
For cousin. Yeah, okay, thanks Dennis Larry and Conan O'Brien are cousins
I put that on there Dennis O'Leary and Conan O'Brien got that yeah, and then the Kirk Cameron and what's his sister's name?
His sister long whatever they are to the guy the cameras the cameras would be good
See that covers all the bases the cameras and then we got Dell Camin and Warren Cameron for the great harness racing family
Which I'm sure George is very familiar with them. Mm-hmm WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, I'd like to put someone on your pole go ahead
Okay, the although they're not both in entertainment they're both entertaining. Okay, what would he and soon ye?
their family
Mm-hmm
Right that was about as cute as a
Frog's
Gas
What was I just gonna say that was very very important before he sidetracked me with that crap that that just threw me through me for a loop
Oh, yeah freedom fella I
Bigger pardon
Jerren by Warren Cameron well
I'm starting to think of these names again from those harness racing tapes that somebody gave me a some guy
I lived in North Miami when I worked at KAT years ago he gave me a whole bunch of tapes from meonkers in Roosevelt raceway
And so I had all those calls in there. You know, oh, I got this another brainstorm. Guess what what I have a question for you
Okay
Have you ever seen these two people together
Moe Howard David and Jackie Lee
You know what that's a good point same person
Same person until this day I never realized that it's the same person
Wow
11 before two at five sixty W. Kim the mad doggy coming along at two the Humper from the Bahamas at the wind of NASA
Crystal Palace at four this afternoon
Panther preview at seven of Panthers hosting New Jersey Devils at the anxious Macarena at 730 keep that noise level down a little bit
Would you please?
Any came follows the hockey game and sporting news radio we say with a long push two to five and a.m
I've been telling you for years why y'all to do this marketing like I've been doing called dial amateurs next time your
Macris wears out at 1 800 macris dial amateurs backs up everything they say they're advertising a hundred percent but the competitors
Don't use lots and lots of false and deceptive claims when you see a macri said making outrageous claims read the fine print
There lots of lies out there. Here's an example the ad screen with big headlines half off
But this only applies to a limited selection of items that you never pick out in the first place
You don't want them and everything else is still full price and they probably double the regular price first anyway
You'll probably never be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like it either at dial amateurs
There ads have no tiny print no display. There's no BS when you call 1 800 macris
You'll see that the prices are so low the other stores have to offer half price sales just to compete
The automatrix also gives you a no-risk 30 day comfort exchange policy how many days?
I'm all beds including yours and don't forget when you call dial amateurs toll free at 1 800 macris
You're getting the company ranked number one nomadou uno and overall customer satisfaction from candle to store
Palm Beach to Ford Myers dial amateurs reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying
Even if you decide not to buy from them
So what you'd be waiting for man do what I always do pick up that phone and call 1 800 macris or log on to their website
Mattress calm dial amateurs had 1 800 MATTR ES the honest way to get you a bed and a great night sleep for years to come
I
Want all investigation
Mark
Hey
Michael Tao wanted nowhere to move back
Drought from power by the Galactic Tank
He don't want you to ever see that
All you do are the things go the same path
And I'm qualified as a story of the thingy-brack
Got the day guys to get from his old man
That's a tell you where the hell is his head
That's a good shot, taller, browser-flushing
The closer I get, the greater your heat
Things are going from new and new
That's gay, who can you think we?
Michael Tao wanted nowhere to move back
And really fine if he fine if that could show that
He has a mind to modify the old man
Finally deserved what he said since so bad
He's a grandfackel-villkin alone now
Thanks to the job that he got from his dad
We got him on in this DTC
And he don't want the children to be a nudity
That's your own responsibility
Be your home, mess up the fatherly witness
I don't want my baby shit, you're a kid
Michael Tao wanted nowhere to move back
He didn't like when he thought when he's dad
Donald Corridor was a feminine dad-bag
It was religious from a boom big attack dad
I was just using that light-string grandstand
Michael Tao wanted nowhere to move back
Michael Tao wanted nowhere to move back
All he's got to do is look at our middle-level management department
You'll find out where the booze are at
Just a joke, Duffin Clarence, well, kind of
156 at 560 WQIM
Did you see the shocking announcements coming up at 2 o'clock on CNN?
No, I did not
Didn't see it?
No, I was flipping, I was watching the NASA people have a staggering
Where we can talk about this tomorrow
Stagging announcement from Mars
I saw a little blurb on that while I was surfing the New DC
They found the president's brain, what's left of it on Mars?
Oh, seriously, here's the deal
They're not going to win out since it'll do, but he's giving like a little tease
Not only was there some water on Mars, but there may have been a salty sea
Which we know as oceans
What?
And you know what's in the ocean, don't you?
Life
Life
Oh no
Oh my God
What are all the religions?
All your religionists out there, you God squad people and Jesus Christ is everybody else
You better start thinking real fast what the cover is going to be for this story
Right?
Right
Oh, this is the worst facts in history from Gregory and Westboke you just said me
Now than more than ever we need a Neal chat room
Oh, you can...
Let me tell you the odds on a Neal chat room again on a scale of minus infinity
I mean forget about it, okay?
I travel extensively throughout the US and would love to link up with other Neelis
Oh, Gregory, no you don't, you don't want to link up with anybody in no chat room
I guess the end colder parody is now out of the question box darn it
Oh no, we'll play it a little bit, yeah
We'll just put a few...
Every other word will be bleak
Wow, a Neal Rogers chat room
Listen, all new parents out there if your kids are spending more than two seconds a day in any chat room
Get them some help, okay?
Take the computer, put it in the bottom of the pool or even better yet send it to Mars for that ocean thing
Wow, a chat room
Just when we were moving along so well, too, you know what?
I know you didn't mean it Gregory, but get serious
Good, golly Miss Molly
The lifeless masses out there, the nerds, the computer nerds who spend their time
And the best part about the chat rooms are either who it's about
Who's website?
Who's website might be
99% of the material on there's got nothing to do with whoever is website it is, right?
It's all about each other
They're all like squeezing each other and calling each other names and trying to outsmart each other
Oh, and outdumb each other
Wow, forget about it
But have a great day Gregory
Anyway, here's our pool which we wind up with so far anyway, 550 votes
We had 587 on the first one, we done this in numbers today, you know what?
What?
Let's see these Tuesdays, Thursdays, payday clearance, this Thursdays the 25th and a week from Thursdays the next trend
And believe you me, that's when we're going to separate the amendment from the go-am
Next to Thursday, week from this Thursday
Then we'll see if we got a shot
And then we'll see if Moe Howard, David and Jackie Lee are the same guy, I'm sure they are
What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time?
The Marks Brothers 122, the three stooges 103
Absolutely
Curly, Larry and Moe
The Sheens, Martin, Charlie, Emilio, Estreves, 72, the Jackson's only 37 because we're too embarrassed
The Barrymore's 25, the Suttling's 25, the Wayans 21
Kirk and Michael Douglas 16 to Fonda 16, the Olsen's 14 to Bridges 13, the Gib brothers 11
The Brothers Gib, the Arnesens's 8, the Nelson's 7, Baldwin's 7, Carpenter's 5, the Osmond's still stuck on 5
What a shame, Almond brothers 5, the Caratene's 5
The Coppola's 5, the Wilson's Bryant, etc. 4, the Wilson's Aninancy, etc. 4, the Smothers Brothers 4, the Eglise's 3, the Curly family 2
And the Mad Dogs coming up next to Humber from the Bahamas at 4
Bye bye bye
Ten-year-old Roger Show on Classic TV, the MQM, Martin for Mario
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station
