Good news today boys and girls
Big Marlins game
1255 which we say all right
Bush hates gaze push hate skays see how
Her past a gay amendment ban while off defendants is gonna go to become a married home
Oh, he's discussed it unless you are happy to woke us Bush
Barry
Oh
Freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads.
Freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads.
Nice going, Mitch Lewis.
Our good pies on.
We can always count on Mitch.
Brack them.
10.0.2.5.60 WQM or even on a goes.
Throw one of those in for a bonus.
Bad nose.
You won't hear too many of places because it's an
no longer news, no more.
Another dead American soldier in Iraq.
It's worth it.
An American soldier was killed this morning after
roadside bomb exploded while as Connoble was passing by
the West Military said this was in decree.
The soldier was the first member of the first infantry
division which is replacing the fourth.
He was the first of this division to die in Iraq.
And now the total is 553.
Most of these that's occurring after the president
foreshad back in the May 1st, our combat's over.
We won.
It's just one of them things.
2016 votes on yesterday's poll.
We better talk real fast today, okay?
What do you think Moe is thinking about?
And Kjoldi and Joe and all this other stuff after that
Barry Jackass column and Harold as once again Greg Reed
continues programming and floating out of Trowell balloons
and Barry Jackass is column and a newspaper.
I know.
It's embarrassing.
It's humiliating and degrading.
Huh?
Oh man.
Seriously, I suppose you got a contract and you're working
every day even though you're rating suck like Moe and
everybody hates you like poison like Moe and all of a sudden
you read in Barry Jackass that we're considering putting
a Howard Stern on the morning.
Why?
Listening.
I would light a fire under my acid and inspire me to do a
much better show.
Well, maybe you're not capable of a much better show.
2016 votes on yesterday's poll.
Why isn't the public up and arm and the way you apologize for
Eric Spelling, but he's under a lot of stress.
Stiffle.
Kind of like sniffle.
Right.
Why isn't the public up and arm is about the government's
efforts to stifle free speech?
Because they're too stupid to understand it.
749 out of 2016 votes.
37.1%.
Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America.
Absolutely.
361.
Because the media is mostly ignoring it.
344.
They got bigger fish to fry like Martha Stewart.
You know, more important things than the first amendment.
Because they're lazy.
258.
Because they don't give a Schmidt 205.
And because they don't have any leadership.
99.
2000 plus votes.
As people are starting to get a little bit pissed off,
a little bit fired up.
Just like that guy to call for more land.
Oh, yesterday.
Yeah.
See, I know his intentions were good.
I know he's very frustrated in the city with speechless,
which he just kind of like stopped him in sense.
And I think he expired.
But, you know, oh, we had a couple of hundred people demonstrating
in front of the clear channel of the station front of Orlando.
Well, that's, that's, you know, very exciting.
And then what?
There they went.
Right.
And got lead.
So what we want to tell you again,
we got the eight South Florida clear channel stations on there.
If you want to just avoid them like the plague as a protest,
that would, that's one positive thing you can do.
Because in terms of finding somebody that's going to really go to bad for you,
forget about it.
Just think what happened.
Especially in the election year.
There's nobody out there who wants to come to go to bad for potty mouth,
shock, jocks and freedom of speech, things like that.
Right.
Shock, dog.
Well, speaking of the Aded American soldier, end of hot meals for US troops in Iraq,
question mark, says NBC News.
Halibutans got a multi-billion dollar contract to feed in house US troops in Iraq.
But there are problems, multi-problemy.
A food subcontractor that runs 10% of the dining facilities in Iraq claims
it hasn't been paid by Halibutan for months and is threatening to stop serving hot meals.
The company event source serves 100,000 meals a day in Iraq under a contract
with a Halibutan subsidiary.
Event source claims Halibut knows that $87 million, including even payment for
President Bush's Thanksgiving dinner with the troops with that
plastic turkey his.
When you get stuck out there for $87 million,
explain to the event source chief executive officer Phil Morales,
it's a question of economics.
In an interview with NBC News, he says it's already laid off employees in the US
and soon we'll have to feed sandwiches to the troops instead of hot meals
because his company is running low on money.
They're running mighty low.
And your president's telling you, oh, we're going to take care of our troops
and we're going to really appreciate our ride.
Tragic, just pathetic.
Don't forget that big primary election today in Florida.
Oh, yeah.
Don't get that all straightened out.
No problem at all.
Sure.
Right?
Because there's nobody running.
How do you turn me son?
Now here's the big story.
Here's the QAM programming story of the day by Barry Jackass and your Miami
Herald.
Here's line nine, though, for QAM.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
This is Joe.
Hi, Joe.
You forgot on your, hello?
Yeah, go ahead.
Are you forgot on your list yesterday?
I think that you ought to put the category for an enemy combatant
that people are afraid to speak out.
Yeah, somebody suggested that, but it's a little bit late now that the poll is over.
But that's possible.
Credit their own phone is being tapped.
That three o'clock at the morning.
They're going to get a knock on the door.
Maybe a spooch, if I didn't have to drag out.
That would be okay.
I'll see it to the border, man.
We'll have a patruder to pick up.
Meeting could decide QAM fate of Goldberg.
Hey, stop.
And we're not talking about whoopi either.
I'll tell you one thing.
That better be a real good productive meeting at 11 o'clock this morning.
Greg, whatever your name is, you idiot.
We're not going to lose the hump away.
And this station is, it's like sitting inside of a building that's infested with termites.
Which I think that's a good analogy for our building.
We have to answer that.
And you don't know.
You got to answer your pants, but there may be termites in the walls in that place.
No exterminator.
I think what we need in that place is an exterminator to pardon that expression.
And it's like sitting inside of an infested building and just watching it crumble around you.
With what Greg Reed is doing to QAM.
It's just, it's a, it's a grass being defeat from the jaws of victory.
He'd better do it than anybody I've ever worked for in my life.
He just, non-composed penis, that's Greg Reed.
It's just, there's nothing there.
Hank Goldberg's status at WQM could be determined during a meeting this morning
with General Manager Greg Reed writes Barry Jackass, the mole.
What a joke!
Goldberg has been kept off the air since March the 2th, following an author incident involving the anxious Luann Winnick,
the station's General Sales Manageress.
What an embarrassment!
And a miserable bitch at that.
If the meeting goes well, Goldberg could be back on the air four o'clock today,
but Reed said yesterday, told Barry Jackass, he hasn't decided whether to retain Goldberg.
I don't know what'll happen, Reed said, it depends on how the meeting goes.
At 11 o'clock.
Said Hank, I'll hear what he asked to say.
I parked the Luann, we're okay.
Okay.
It was a misunderstanding.
I'm contrite.
I just want to go on.
On another matter, and this I find most hysterically amusing,
Reed said he was exploring the possibility of adding Howard Stern's morning show of Clear Channel's Big 106
does not resume carrying it.
Is Big 106 going to resume carrying it?
No.
No, there are two chances none and much, much, much less than none.
And could have happened.
Is QM going to be adding Howard Stern to our morning lineup?
No.
I'd say we have two chances also none and much less than none.
Although you see it's a little bit better than Mother Clear Channel,
there's several less marches in here.
Hank, what happened?
Now keep in mind that he's got people under contract like Mo and Gildi.
Joe Rose is not only not under contract, but not even gotten paid yet in 10 weeks of filling in.
He's got those people who think that they have a job right now.
Of course, he's going in Barry Jackass in the Miami Herald again,
programming, floating out his travel wounds, getting everybody peeing in their pants,
and stirring up the same old crap that he always does.
That's Greg.
That is Greg.
So we'll keep our, because we're only going to be under 1255,
because we got the Marlins in the Ametz at Port St. Lucie.
1255 this afternoon.
Oh man.
Oh really?
We love the Marlins.
We love the Marlins.
We like those games.
Right?
Oh yeah.
Oh man, we have become humongous.
The world champion, Marlins.
Even that Norma can't.
And don't call it here anymore, Norma.
You're getting on my nerves.
If I need anything from you, I'll let you know.
And it's unlikely you could get it accomplished anyway.
Just go away.
Just enjoy your baseball.
Go back into your infant title mentality.
Just get out of my face.
Man.
I was even happier to hear from Marlins last night than from Norma Kent.
That's because Marlins got in late.
Ha ha ha.
Eight o'clock.
Oh, sorry Jeff.
I ate dinner hours ago.
Oh, okay.
And anyway.
Well, guess what?
Something that you're very interested in.
I'm sure.
Thank goodness I just came to mind.
Well, come on.
The NHL trade deadline is three plus a Saturday night.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
He looks a little bit like an older TC on a passion.
By the way, TC quit beating up on Julian, you idiot.
Paul Winfield, an Academy Award-dominated actor, was known for his versatility in stage
film and TV roles, including a hobby praised.
1978 depiction of urban doctor Martin Luther King, Jr. his daddy was 62.
Died of a heart attack Sunday.
In 1968, Winfield played the boyfriend of Diane Carroll and her situation comedy, Julia,
a role that some suggest helped open TV to other black performers.
Four years later, his portrayal of the father and founder of the Academy Award nomination for Best Actor.
He's dead.
Paul Winfield.
He died.
No relation to a Dave Winfield, I don't think.
He's dead.
He died.
The drop in like flies.
So, like I said, we don't have a 2 hour and 55 minutes show.
Here's the pool.
Oh, and also today's beaded curtain, a feature.
Carrie Otis.
She's full sister to Ilyatis.
Carrie Otis, which you got the whole inside poop on her.
I do.
I got the little blurb on.
Well, I think we ought to do this every day once with her.
Somebody on there, give a little background.
I mean, not everybody even knows who Carrie Otis is.
Right.
Right about her bulimia and Mickey Rourke.
Right.
And Mickey Rourke, both of which have something in common is puking, do you see?
Provinists after 10 at 5.60 WKR.
I guess we're not going to be playing those Mickey Rourke drop-ins anymore.
What?
Under, huh?
I guess not.
I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here.
Right.
Okay, that's as much of that as we're going to play Mickey.
Oh, yeah.
Like I said, we're not even going to come close.
We're not going to put our toe into water.
Others might, and believe you me, that water's going to be really boiling hot.
10-13, a Q-amidst, the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit, zero fee, and zero discounted points.
Count them.
Get the low rate interested is 1.25%.
If you have $100,000 loan, your payments are a mere $334 bucks a month.
If you have you a $200,000 loan, you pay only $668 a month to not forget.
Once you refinance, you get a new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call out that new toll free number, 1-866-395-Lend.
What's not to like?
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move on to your next property with no further cost of expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get that new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage that never pay closing costs again.
Call financial group today for details, no obligation.
1-866-395-Lend.
That's 1-866-395-L-E-N-D, the Renequal Housing Lender, restrictions apply.
Rate subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
My local business is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
You win!
What's this obsession with hope?
Announcing the show you've been waiting for, America, it's Tanya Heidings Ice Cafe.
Here's a limpy gold medalist, Catarina Vitt.
Yes, skating to the classics.
Oh, nice split jump there.
Here comes her take off, into a double left.
Oh, she's down!
She's an agony!
Now it's Brian Botano attempting a triple salco?
Oh, he really got a perfectly executed triple chin assault by Tanya Harding.
See the precision team of Tanya Harding, Jeff Gullule and her fat guy bodyguard, wipe out skater after skater.
Oh, now Kristi Abeducci is down on the ice.
It's Bung Bung Bung whole family, especially if you're the polyonor gotty family.
Order your tickets for Tanya Harding's Ice Cafe.
1018 at 560 WDQ, and the reason I played that is because this great former US figure skating champion
in aspiring boxer Tanya Harding is going to try her hand next at Minor League hockey.
The Indianapolis Ice of the Central Hockey League announced yesterday at Sight Harding,
33 to join the team for its game, Friday against the Colorado Eagles.
It's been 10 years since Harding's ex-husband hired a hitman with tech rival Nancy Kerrigan
at the 94 National Championships. That was a lot of fun.
What? I thought it was fun. Harding has always denied dollars to the tech,
but if pleaded guilty to conspiracy to hinder prosecution,
was stripped of her 94 National title and banned from amateur figure skating competition.
You know, everybody's made mistakes you said last month on the CBS early show.
Everybody's had tragic things happen in their lives,
but what good is it to just sit there and let yourself die?
Is what Tanya said.
Although she's been pursuing career in boxing,
Harding has also seen reinstatement from the US Figure Skating Commission.
I'm one of the best skaters in the world. I'm not going to quit.
I love boxing. I'm not going to quit boxing, she said.
Harding has scheduled a fight in Oakland, California.
If they hooked on the arena at March 20th, can you say Skumbag?
Skumbag?
The life?
No, I like it.
Piece of crap.
But she has a lot of fun, I agree with that.
Now here's KP Facts is me this, and he says,
why isn't the public up in arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech,
or is that stifle?
You should have included the choice because we're going to let the bastards have it in November.
Well, I wonder which bastards is he talking about?
It says it would have made, by the way, bad grammar here in this,
it would have made a huge difference in the outcome of your poll,
keep preaching the good word.
Well, the good word, the bad word is that even if Carrie does beat Bush,
which by the way, we had the new poll, he's ahead pretty good.
But even if he does win, Carrie's not supporting freedom of speech.
This isn't a Democrat and Republican issue.
This is a government issue.
This is a censorship issue.
This is a lack of balls issue.
Nobody from either party except Russ Feingold over Wisconsin.
Nobody else has got the balls to stand up and say, wait a minute,
just how can you sit around a table and arbitrarily make up all of these idiotic rules,
which nobody understands in a first place, and then say,
we're going to slap your ass with a big gigantic fine every time you say something we don't like.
And we can't tell you what that is, but we'll just like pornography,
we'll know when we hear it.
Don't you know pornography when you hear it?
Oh, sure, I'm hearing something now.
Who should John Kerry pick for his running mate?
That's our, and of course it is primary day in Florida.
That doesn't mean anything at all because everybody else dropped out.
Who should he pick for his running mate?
Is our poll question today on your Rogers.com when you're through looking at Carrie Otis
or before you look at Carrie Otis or Iliotis or Otis.
John Edwards 34.
See, that's leading, and I knew he would, but that's not the good choice.
See, I want you to put on your thinking cap, which I realized is quite an amusing expression,
but think about it for a minute.
See, if you're going to pick a running mate, it's got to be somebody that's going to help you win somewhere.
Oh, I know.
On a concept.
Right.
Not just because somebody is likeable or because somebody came in second during the primaries
or because somebody looks younger than he really is and has like a nice smile or stuff like that.
Somebody who actually like maybe when they're home state.
Now, if he's on the ticket, you think you think that John Edwards with Carrie,
you know, as the presidential candidate, they carry Edwards ticket.
Is going to win North Carolina?
No.
No, there's no chance.
There are two chances.
In fact, there's a better chance than Howard Stern will be on from 6 a.m. till midnight on QM Starting tomorrow.
There's a better chance of that happening than the Bush, that the Carrie Edwards ticket winning North Carolina.
Now, where else can he win?
Where what other state will he help Carrie?
I don't know, Nebraska.
Carrie Otis?
John Edwards 39.
Bob Graham 24 Bill Clinton 13.
Now, I don't know if you put that story on a website or a fight it when I was on vacation.
I did, right?
Did you?
Yes.
I read that with much fascination.
I read it in its entirety.
And of course, the reason it was fascinating is because there's nothing in a constitution that prohibits a president from being elected vice president.
I even looked it up.
You can only get two terms as president, but you can also then get the two terms as vice president.
That's right.
It just says that they can't be elected.
Right.
John Edwards 39.
Graham 24 Bill Clinton 13.
That's what I voted for.
I think I carry Clinton ticket, man.
I like it.
We could get Monica back there, give her something to do.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 10 people 8.9% so far.
I don't care.
Period 10 more 8.9%.
They just refuse to care.
They're just professionally oblivious.
They're in their own little cocoon.
Nothing is going to shake them up.
Hillary Clinton 9.
So look at that.
Bob has got 13. Hillary's got 9.
She does nothing for me.
Well, she does something to me, but I can't say it on her name.
Bill Richardson 3.
That's the Julio factor that they are thinking about injecting in there.
He's a good guy.
I don't know who he is.
He's the governor of New Mexico, former Rob Ambassador to...
Oh, that guy.
Yeah.
He's got a good mouth on him too.
He's a new Mexico guy.
He's one of your people.
Well, not exactly.
Well, beater.
He's kin.
No.
Dick M. Hart, too.
I don't understand why Dick M. Hart's only got two, even though he's boring, but he is from Missouri.
And Missouri is a very crucial state that Bush won in 2000.
And I guarantee him, Tia, that if it's a Kerry Getthart ticket that he wins for him in Missouri, and maybe even Ohio, because of his union strength.
See what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
But don't confuse the people with the facts because they're just emotional, and that's the way elections go.
Bill Nelson, too, are fine.
Other Florida Senator, a lot of people are talking about him, although behind closed doors.
Now I'm saying, in other words, you won't turn on the news and hear them talk about...
Well, for example, Bobby Graham was on this morning, VDI Bobby.
Bill Nelson, too, and Tom Brokaw won.
We have a story on our website today about the urgent Tom Brokaw to run.
And remember when somebody called me up last year and said, oh, Tom Brokaw is a Republican, Neil, you're wrong.
Bullcrap.
He's a Kennedy Democrat, always has been, and I don't know where they come up with his garbage.
Tom Brokaw's got one out of 141 votes so far.
What?
A vote's heard pouring in.
Speaking of votes, Kerry leads Bush and the new nation-wide poll.
Presumptive Democratic nominee.
Why do they say that?
Presumptive Democratic.
Who's there going to win a Cousinage?
Al Sharpton?
Come on, you idiots.
CNN, man, certainly not news.
It is Scrake.
Oh, good piece of news.
They were showing some political rally on the CNN.
When I was in Europe, I was watching CNN International.
I ended the background of the CNN reporter.
They had a bunch of people with big, gigantic signs that said CNN, with a band symbol through a CNN sucks or whatever.
It was great.
And then finally, they caught on to those signs where they were,
and we just lost a picture.
John Kerry leads Bush and latest CNN USA Gallup poll.
USA Today, Gallup poll.
The poll released yesterday found that among likely voters, Kerry gets 52% Bush 44%.
In a three-way race with NATO throwing his Chigger in a Woodpile, Kerry had 50% Bush 44 and NATO 2%.
So you see the 2% he takes are from Kerry, in spite of all his denials.
The miserable bastard, self-grandizing eagethist.
Anybody who votes for Ralph Nader this fall, by the way, will be taken away and you won't see them no more.
I just, you know, it's not a threat. It's just a promise.
Anybody votes for Ralph Nader will not be seen no more.
Among registered voters, Kerry's lead over Bush narrowed from 8.5 to 2.5 in a two-way race and from 6.2 to 2.8.
So again, NATO is already sticking his finger in it and burning it and twisting it around.
Well, we got a lot of stuff here today, you know?
Good.
And we're only until 12.55, because it's a Marlins game.
WQM, your Marlins station. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
God.
How are you guys?
Pretty good.
Okay.
Sonny Shainan.
I was yesterday just diagnosed with IBS.
I'm watching a way you could tell me to help me out.
You're a mobile, huh?
Yep.
A moment 23 and I got it.
Wow.
Let me give you one word, Zantak.
Zantak.
All right.
Yeah.
It works miracles for me.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, man.
Okay, good luck, Colin.
Now, just the irritable bowel.
It's one of those things that a lot of people have.
They don't even know it and then they think they got stomach cancer or some grotesque thing.
And it just, it never goes away.
I don't believe it's one of those bitches.
It's another one of those great things that God invented for us.
Okay, the test does.
He's always testing us, the Lord, right?
Yeah.
Ayrtonable bowel, IBS.
And of course, maybe he might have girded it.
Which until somebody called him, somebody told me what it was.
I didn't even know I had it.
I never heard of it.
You thought you were a girded.
You heard the word girded?
No.
I heard the birds, the word, but not the girded, the word.
So anyway, carry oduses are sunshine, girl.
They do that in the Toronto sun.
They have a sunshine, who I have a sunshine, girl, everyday.
I guess a lot of papers do that.
Can we call it the sunshine, girl?
Behind the B.D. curtain.
Of course.
It has to be behind the B.D. curtain.
Sure.
What is a picture of John Ascroft on there,
who in less than an hour will be operated on for a gallbladder?
We could call it a rose gallbladder.
And we certainly hope that the Attorney General Ascroft surgery
goes very, very well.
Right?
We...
Because I had my gallbladder out, and man, I tell you,
it's not always a piece of cake like that rich told me.
Sometimes it's a piece of more like lemon meringue pie.
Cake.
And I think maybe John Ascroft might have a little bit of a problem.
I mean, we're not hoping for that.
Are we?
Something should happen to him.
Because we need somebody to cover up all those nudie pictures.
Cario, this was born on the 20th of September, 1968 in San Francisco, California.
She's an all-American girl with brown hair and greenish blue eyes.
She began modeling at the tender age of 14 after briefs in his actress.
When she was 15, she moved to New York City to model and started traveling worldwide.
Her first big break came when she landed on the cover of some stupid French magazine,
giving her international exposure.
Calvin Klein and guests were soon to follow.
In 1990, she appeared in Wild Orchid.
She started out with her soon-to-be husband Mickey Rourke.
In 1999, she was once again read Hot for Her Career.
She starred in Simon Says, new woman San Francisco and Gearest,
the magazines that featured her on the cover.
She was divorced from Mickey work in 1994.
Her photos for the sports-elastated swimsuit Malin in a conditioner,
sizzling is what it says.
So there she is on our sunshine girl thing and behind the beaded development ring.
1028-560 WQM.
Spring at a savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from.
Arms Strong's Toyota Homestead.
They run US 120 minutes out of the 836.
Arms Strong's Toyota Homestead is worth the drive because they're going to save you thousands and zillions on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great leases right now.
An O4 camera you're for, but for just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 highlander for just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America?
You pay just 179 bucks a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the unbeatable savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
And now with the tool increases on those they're using cash, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get that new car truck.
General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes under the sun to put you in a great new Toyota two day.
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference they're locally owned and operating and committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
They'll make you a happy camper.
Fat boy personally guarantees it.
The service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work gets done.
Convenient to get there there on US one and two hundred ninety third street in a home state to a homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836.
So always your time at those mega dealers or car giants who overpromise and then always under deliver gets you in other dealerships under false pretenses.
Do the smart thing called David Rich, the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead right now at 305 to 4232 47.
That's 305 to 4232 47.
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
Rob Little and say a ton on that great new Toyota.
We're sports radio 560.
QAM.
Brunch packing.
Absolutely.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
You can see a lot of wheels on the box.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful though.
I'm going to make a hole in the box when I hit the pickover vous.
4560 WQM that email you sent me didn't come through about the advancing Bush or whatever
thing. Oh well. I said it's from a URL that's blocked because it's unsafe. It's unclean.
It's dangerous like the uncircumcised masses.
Oh, speaking of Pablo, this is a great email that you send me though that you fact. From
Pablo who says, Neil, you're profound to say for the Christians, is that it? Huh? Yeah,
that's great. Is at its core idiotic? Your daily pontification of this subject is both offensive
to Christians and also educated non-Christians. Sure, there is absolutely nothing anti-Semitic
about Mel Gibson's movie, the passion. Did I ever say there was an anti-Semitic movie?
No, you quoted me. I read about 4000 columns that they all did save. So they must all
be obnoxious and full of crap too. Sure. Sure. There's nothing anti-Semitic. Those
Jews who find that not to be the case should re-evaluate their own faith or lack their
realm. And I would like to point out that most of the articles like the one from the Toronto
Star are read yesterday, wasn't written by somebody Jewish, but nevertheless. Your constant
bashing of this movie exposes your inability to be objective in most subjects. You consider
yourself to have integrity out for you at this point. A true media person objectively watches
the film, prior to forming an opinion, I wouldn't waste my time watching it, Pablo. And
by the way, get a real name, schmuck. The left-wing media, which you are obviously a part
of, truly has eliminated your ability to provide objective points, I'm not here to provide
objective points, I'm here to give my opinion, okay? The postmaster is supposed to give
his opinion. It says, funny thing, I'll even Steven Spielberg, director of something,
a pro-Jewish movie, which was excellent. And did you wipe that out or he'd do it? I didn't
wipe everything out. It's a lot of work. When asked his opinion of the passion, refuse
comment and judgement, tell if you would the film. Well, there you go. In fact, the reviews
that I've read, every one of those people, did you the film? How do you like that, Pablo?
New, you are disgraced to the radio station, they disgraced your profession, and most
of all, they disgraced a man. Thank you, Pablo. Amigo, get up yours. I might ask the
mayor to take care of me. They're disgraced to women, to rights. Well, needless to say,
it's disgraced to a factory. Well, I'm sure Pablo knows something about that because
after all, he's one of yours. No, he's not. Well, who should John Kerry pick for his
running, made his our poll question today? We got 231 votes. John Edwards is a women
thus so far. Well, there's the cheesehead, Tommy Thompson. Well, came to get their health
care and needs taken care of. John Edwards, 79, Bob Graham, 45, Bill Clinton, 38,
Bill Clinton, I don't care. I'm for Bush, 19, 8.2%. Those Pablo are the dangerous people,
the demented people, the subhuman people, and one thing about me, I'm consistent. I'll
think I'm not just Christianity, but duty is in the human Islam and all of these things,
all of these fairy tales. They're all equally anxious. All of the problems in the world today,
everywhere you look, even this thing in Iraq now, it's the Shiites and the Sunnis man,
what are we talking about? Good old time, religion. That's the problem. I never realized
until this last trip of mine, I don't know why, because I'm just not a history buff like you are.
I never realized the agonizing history of the Protestants against the Catholics in England.
I don't know, I only know about, huh? Every time there was a new king, all these people
would get their heads chopped off. Right. Because they were on the wrong side. The Catholic king,
and then they had to like squeeze his ass out of there, and that's why we had the Church of
England out to make sure that everybody's going to be the in Protestant, and we keep them
damned Catholics out of England. Oh, we've got to be able to divorce now. Set them up to
Scotland, they, and the bus, I actually took the bus from a hotel to the airport, leaving the
Amsterdam. What a slaughter. I don't know why. And it was, there was a bunch of Scottsman
got on at one hotel where they made the stop. They were on 13 of these guys. They all looked like
they came out of a cookie cutter like the same, all those big like rugby players, you know?
Right. Rugby. Were they what? Were there were some people were in Kielsen front of the hotel
over the weekend, but that's not what they kept. No, these guys weren't killed, they should have
been killed. And they weren't speaking English most of the time they were speaking as if
Celtic they speak, what language are these? It's gay. Like, oh, they speak gay lick.
Oh, you can't, don't you? You can't say gay lick no more. Don't be say that. You can say
gay or even say, like, don't say it together. Don't say gay lick. Anyway, get back to the pool,
please. I don't care for Bush 21. That's 8.4% pretty weak. I don't care period 19. Hillary
Clinton 12. Did I say bubble 40? Wow. Dick Kim art 11. Bill Richardson 4. Tom Broca 3. And
Bill Nelson only 2 out of 248 votes. Bill Nelson is like, I mean, he's a good guy, but he's like
low key. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Well, once the last time you heard anything about
Bill Nelson, our other senator from Florida. Right. Exactly. So thanks very much, Pablo. I'm glad you
are enjoying the show. Okay. WQA. Hello. Q.A.M. Not there. WQA. Hello. All right. Oh, no. Not today.
We got a ball game today. Okay. We don't have time to talk to be thirdos today. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the D and Verizon wireless line. And there's not one line ringing right now. Look
at that. One of the disgrace. See, I told you, never mention of his ball game coming up. Don't
ever do that. Never learn. Because they start turning into the radio off hours ahead of time,
just to make sure that they're safe from the marlins from that Greg Reed disease. WQA. Hello.
I beg your pardon. After that guy kind of sounded retarded. Yeah, a little bit. All right. I
said that because I'm in a good mood for it because we got a nice early exit today. 12.5. So
get in your best shots. Why you can't try and get that? WQA. I'm like, oh, line. Not there. Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you? Do you got to excuse me? Have a little cold. Okay. You know, there's American
public. I don't know what the hell's going on, but they're like standing still. If anything should
get them up and on. This is about the job situation. You know, that's what affects us the most.
And it's gone down. Yeah. Yeah. And on. It's just incredible. But aren't you impressed with the
fact that the president keeps making up these great numbers that are going to have all these
additional jobs and then it turns out to never happen. But he sure talks a good game. Yeah,
but nearly it's easy to put numbers together. But when you actually see what's going on in the
public, that's from the house. Well, take a look at our website. You'll see Paul Krugman's column
from the New York Times today. He's got the chart right there in the lead story on our website.
And it shows you all the promises, the projections, and then the real number of jobs that they create.
Let me say it again. They're going to create two big new important jobs this November,
the motion administration, president and vice president. Those are going to be the two new jobs,
two new people holding jobs. Other than that, bye bye. There's a carrywood say don't let the
do it in the ass. Now can you say that anymore in the right way out? That's what he says.
Because you can't say ass no more. Hey, listen, if you got a fat ass, then you're trying to lose some
of that weight. I guess most people who are fat have a fat ass don't they? Typically. It's very
typical. Take a look at fat boy. If you got a strong appetite and you're trying to lose weight on one
of those low carb diets like the addkins or the a South, what is that South Beach time? Here's a
superstar that you're going to love because they've got over a thousand products, low carb products
in stock you can choose from. Something with some taste, something to satisfy your thing in your
tongue. What does that thing called? You've got a lot including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers,
chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots, lots more.
Delights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can try anything in the store before
you buy it and their staff knows dieting, low carb dieting inside and out there. The experts,
they've got the most complete line of addkins, breads, products anywhere in the world and ask
what's his name? Addkins products are on sale all day, everyday add Delights. The low carb diet is
rated number one by a lot of folks. So if you want to get some real varieties, some real taste,
this is the story you're going to fall in love with. Delights are Westbokah, they're on the
northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free, 1-877,
low carb that's LOWCARB, lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one Delights
of Westbokah, it's your official atkins retail center when you walk it in and watch your steps.
So they go to become a married home, oh, he's disgusted unless you're a head-to-row,
cause Bush and Hades gave him.
Ooooo!
There he was, just a walkin' on the sea, singin' to what did it, did it, dumb did it,
he's a man from the land of calories, singin' to what did it, did it, dumb did it,
do he stood, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's
good, he's just water into one, the next thing I knew we had a lame man on his feet, singin' to what did it,
did it, dumb did it, do, thought blind out gonna see, and the dumb out gonna speak singin' to what did it,
dumb did it, do he walk, don't walk, don't do my dark, walk, don't do my dark,
then he cured a leprosaurist, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, some say he's the son of God,
yes they do, but there's other people think it's so odd, now he's the reason that we have
any study, singin' to what did it, did it, dumb did it, do he, and he's the reason that all the
Christians praise singin' to what did it, did it, dumb did it, do they praise him, praise him,
kneel down, kneel down, praise him, kneel down, the man of water, 40 crown, do what did it,
testimonies to what does it they dumb you and it committed to what did it,
because we got Marlins on Dec. 1255 just to force a habit and then we got that big
meat and coming up around 11 o'clock this morning the Humper and Greg Reed and of
course Greg is going to be sitting there looking at the face going like that and
Hank will be going like that that was funny
yeah that was stupid and that'll be the meeting and then the Hank will be on the
I'll tell you one thing the Humper better be on it we're going to be a lot of pissed off people
including all of us at QAM all of us even more
absolutely no maybe not maybe not they're not too tight Marlins at the Metz and Port
St. Lucy 1255 to pregame 110 the first pitch the Humper is where's he going to be
American Airlines Arena for some of that heat crap I mean some of that basketball garbage
four o'clock this afternoon seven o'clock the Panther preview seven thirty
Panthers here in Toronto at the ACC to take on the Toronto Make Believes
Eddie K follows the hockey games you and Marco were not two to five in the morning
Howard Stern in the morning six to ten isn't that what you're hearing sure all over the place
that's what I'm hearing no more that other crap I mean we could be wrong
this is CBS right which is infinity which is by a com which is Howard Stern so tomorrow morning
this is CBS that's what Greg Readwell like to have you believe I'll tune in anyway okay you're
real here Howard right one way and the other you'll hear Howard tomorrow on QAM folks of
you unless of course he takes that very jackass story to heart and just to walk out or maybe
has like a heart attack that would be bad speaking of people we're not too crazy about
seizing Limbaugh's records his medical records was legal state tells appeals court
all right you like that a lot after all that wheeling and moaning and gnashing it he did by
the way Pablo there's plenty of right wing assholes on here you can listen to them all you want
it's uh... i was going to say it's a free country used to be anyway well what you say is offensive
then don't listen to it Pablo that's the answer for that if you're offended bye bye
reach over into twist that down a little bit find somebody no spaghetti in glazum sure
you'll have no problem finding plenty of those who will sing your all the right tunes that you like
right right the whisper right is here all the stuff he wants to hear i have cilia who's in i am dead
like that i remember when i was alive i would need to do the giveaway with the
homie county prosecutor said yesterday that seizing rush limbaugh's medical records
as part of their investigation into his prescription drug use did not violate his constitution or
privacy rights limbaugh's attorneys are asking the fourth district court of appeals and
west pomeites to ban prosecutors amusing the record sees late last year against limbaugh
whose under investigation for possible violations of these states doctor shopping law
which prohibits someone from secretly obtaining overlapping prescriptions from different doctors
prosecutors responded that appear yesterday with the twenty eight page grief saying it was perfectly
proper for them to seize the records from four doctors with search warrants limbaugh's my
me attorney where black contents prosecutor should have followed a procedure set out in state law
that requires prosecutors to notify someone before they can obtain the records of thasepena
rather than a search warrant the notifications dot design to give a personal chance to contested in court
yada yada yada
assistant state attorney Jim martes who's handing the limbaugh investigation
uh... wrote in the appeals uh... brief that the law doesn't require prior
notification when records medical or otherwise our siege with search warrants
it's important to recognize that the seizure of these records eros is part of an active ongoing
criminal investigation where the search warrant is always has been the most reliable method used to
obtain evidence of criminal wrong doing martes wrote
criminal wrong doing let me say it's okay for this uh... alleged criminal
this admitted pill popper
who is probably high on godling those how many uh... shows
but good man at least
well his oxy-cutts and all the other crappy was popping it's okay for him to be on his
about his right wing bushlicking crap on all the third channel stations
but got forbid we have somebody who might be anti-busher maybe a little bit to the left of
it till abhaugh and we got to get that person off like
right now get them off
all those liberal county pink goes man we want all right wing all day all spin all day
this audience and because
take a look at uh... the poll result
who should you can't pay for his running mate
john it was one fifteen three hundred and twenty eight votes in a little over half an hour that is shock
he's
shokie
john it was one fifteen bob graham sixty one bill clinton fifty four
it's legal
although c
uh... carries that to be a man ego he wouldn't because he'd be overshadowed i guess
anybody else would to be overshadowed by a former president right
yes they would well my head anyway
bob a fifty four i don't care i'm for bush thirty two nine point seven percent
i don't care period twenty one
those people i just love i don't care you will can't force me to care i do like that
he'll be clinton seventeen
dick m-hards fourteen bill richards and seven tom broke off four bobby rich instance
got a couple and bill nelson three out of three hundred and twenty eight votes
bad news for oj
just when you thought he went away just when you were praying we would never hear his name again except a qa
satellite television network direct TV accused former football star oj simpson of using illegal
electronic devices to pirate its broadcasts
the else in window california based company wants him to pay twenty grand
for the use of the equipment attorneys fees according to law suit filed
wednesday federal court my name
that's last Wednesday it's your taking the sunset along enough to get around to
this and also the a and p federal agents will satellite tv equipment from simpson's
house in the uh... candle area during a search two thousand uh... one vcember four
direct tv alleges in law suit that the devices were two powered access devices
known as bootloaders you know what those are all men bootloaders yeah i do
do you uh... how many you got what at the time of the raid the devices were being used
for the unauthorized the description of direct tv signals law suit said the company
claims simpson bought made or distributed the boxes
simpson attorney yelled glider was in court yesterday didn't return to
self-home message seeking comment
direct tv spokesman bob merciless or i know further media comment on simpson's case
but said
uh... signal piracy is a common problem no shmit
the common problem
what's the big deal i'm at the biggest work for fence is still in satellite signals
right the oj master
that's america for you still satellite signals you get a big trouble you kill a
couple people no sweat they play the race card
we'll see there he goes again speaking of that
and it's just a coincidence this happens to be next in my pile
jason widam says i chugged
after slang says the new york doing new today
jason widam's total key defense expert he chugged up to eighteen ounces of
scotch after he killed his limo drivers
a scenario that we're explaining why his blood alcohol of a was so high eight
hours after the shooting court document show
dotes the rich and says defense
so far
how's the show coming by the way is it still on here
it's no
come on
we need a rich and says tv show spy report
i've actually that the problem was watching it right now
it says but so far no one was in the retired net stars role new jersey mention
early fibrous fourteen two thousand two is testifying the same widams drink as
a state police investigation into the shooting was unfolding they didn't seem
drink nothing
instead
testimony is manslaughter trial which was postponed yesterday to the death of
defense attorney joseph hate and his mother has presented the tales of heavy
drinking by the x athlete during the four hours before he fatally shot costas
grusk a gust of
the four hours before he did the shooting
the first plan the widams drank liquor after the shooting was contained in a
previously underscores report by dr. michael bayden
a man had an forensic pathologist hired by the defense member him from the
oj trial yes
dr. baden bayden whatever's name is
baden stated in the december fifty thousand two
a document that he understood the defense might introduce evidence Williams
consume approximately ten ounces of eighty proofs got surely after the
shooting
on jenny ray twenty six two thousand three pod net with widams and his home
where the former superstar gave me demonstration
mister widams advised me that after the shooting he was completely distraught he
took the bottle to the head two or three times
he took the bottle to the head
his demonstration of this for me was commonly referred to as chugging baden
wrote in the may thirteen two thousand three report using a scotch bottle
filled with water
widams took three large swigs while baden calculated the consumption at
between four and six ounces of fluid
with each chug or swallow
he concluded widams would have ingested least eight possible after eighteen
ounces scotch immediately after the shooting
widams blood alcohol level tested point one two nearly eight hours after the
shooting a prosecution witness dr. john brick estimated widams to consume fifteen
to sixteen drinks prior to the shooting prior to the shooting
brick extrapolated the widams blood alcohol reading would have measured as
high as point two five at the time a twelve eight truck that he was holding
discharge into christophies chest
bought another defense experts intended bricks methodology was flawed said his
findings failed to consider possible post shooting consumption
prosecutors dropped plans to call brick at the trial after judge inward
Coleman offered hearing on his methods and credentials
so there you go there's latest in the jason wouldiams
he's gonna get off to a trial
what do you think
never convicted i know it's all potatoes
who'd rather see in jail Martha steward or jason wouldiams he did there's a
problem with america
oj Simpson he's busy still on satellite signals alleged
on the outside he killed two people in cold blood Martha steward even though we
hate that bitch she's gonna wind up doing some time in a slamer i think it's
outrageous
so she lied you know it's so big deal she was stupid like most rich people
and ever have enough
greedy she was worth a billion dollars she did this thing say fifty grand she
would have lost fifty grand
like you said she's got more in her wallet any given time she's got more in her
wall of the fifty grand that's pocket change
fifty grand her is like fifty cents your average truck out there
so she was greedy she was a bitch and all these other things but in the meantime
put her in jail what's that kind of accomplish
jason wouldiams and oj put him in the same damn cell is what i say
that's my that's my humble opinion
although probably we should leave them out because their sports figures
sports we don't want to get clearance upset
ten fifty seven at five sixty wqm if you're in a dead-end job like clearance
if you're underpaid and overworked which leaves him out
maybe like to have a new high-paying career but you don't have four years of
your life or the money to go to college if this sounds like you then do something
really smart right now
change your life with one easy phone call
call our friends if fast train at one eight six six fast train
because they can have you train and certified for a high-paying computer network
professional career in a short time is four short months april may june
july that's right you can be fully trained ready for a new career in his
little is four short months and fast train offers you a day evening weekend
classes to fit around your schedule to
fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid to people of qualified
and they've got seven convenient floor locations of this boundary one convenient
to where you live so what's not to like pick up the phone call fast train today
there's no obligation you can check out the web at fast train dot com first
if you like it and call them at one eight six six fast train you'll be on your way
to a brand new high-paying career in a big-fat paycheck that goes along with it
call today one eight six six fast train and be sure and tell them that the
umpush is Todd direct to the call
line and local
here sports radio five sixies you a
you a m
how young is too young
i'm Martha Stewart and this is Martha Stewart living
it is important for all of us not to take for granted our u.s citizenship
today i'd like to suggest to use some of my tips for becoming an active
involved citizen when you want something from a government official it is
considered customary to bribe local officials with
five hundred dollars state officials with one thousand to ten thousand
and federal officials with fifty thousand dollars and above if you live in
Vermont you may want to think about not writing in the names Ben and Jerry on
election ballots it's been done a million times and is not really funny
a good way to learn about your local community's zoning laws is to open a
sex shop on your front lawn this has been your minute with Martha
enjoying me every day for tips on how to improve your home and surroundings
on Martha Stewart living we'll see you soon
i'm sure on the inside level two at five sixty w three hundred eighty four votes
on our pool for VP who should run with carry
john edward hundred and thirty four
bob graham seventy one bill Clinton sixty two i don't care i'm for
four thirty five nine point one percent kind of a poultry number would you say
poultry i don't care period twenty six Hillary Clinton twenty two dick
have art sixteen bill Richardson nine Tom Broca
wouldn't be great to have a vice president with a bad speech defect Tom Broca
has got five and bill Nelson four out of three hundred ninety one vote man
the groom kissed the groom in asbury park new jersey yesterday
making the first game origin new jersey history
louise never read or that Lewis just calling sure is special isn't it Louis
Lewis never read and Rick bass both of asbury park marita three thirty yesterday
afternoon and short ceremony performed by deputy mayor James Bruno
the couple applied for marriage license on friday and they were hitched after waiting
to require seventy two hours six other applications from same sex couples are
pending official said i believe it's a matter of civil rights and city manager
deterrence reedy asbury park top administrator and a telephone interview with the
new york daily news it's the right thing to do he said
reedy said new jersey state law does not prohibit same-sex marriages governor
jimmy grievous ask new jerseys attorney general to determine whether city
officials violated the law by issuing never written best a marriage license
last night the attorney general's or a visit it would go to court this week to
start try to stop gay marriages and new jersey
wow i wonder if any of your people are getting married like an union city new
jersey would not be something huh wow man i'll probably just cheat like they
that's what you know yeah oh speaking of cheating people people that are in deep
crap and how ironic that this news comes on the day of the florida primary election today
yeah suspended brow at supervisor elections mirroring elephant has been charged with 55 counts
of violating election law all right elephant already facing a senate trial for a
conduct in or a fist is accused of not opening polls on time and not keeping them open
late enough during a september two thousand two primary the florida elections commission
living the charges against elephant at its fibrous nineteen's meeting elephant a
democrat was suspended in November twenty through the pay by governor jab bush who
removed here for gross carelessness bush appointed return elementary school
principal Brenda snipes to replace elephant
and on a course for maria man i want to stop i think it's a racial thing don't you
i'm sure it is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and
t and t and Verizon wireless line it's eleven oh five i bet you that meetings going on right
now and hank is saying to Greg hey stuff yeah that probably would be a good opening line
hey stuff but i would agree it's certainly be he'd have his thumb right on it
so you'll have to keep tuned after the marla game to see if the hopper's going to be on today or not
the thing that it all comes to this because he bitched out scruan and rightfully so
but like always hank is very apologetic very can try it you know and always whimps out in the end
with what show you know we need to eat all of in his case five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a eight t and t and Verizon wireless line wq amp hello i met senator
wq amp hello all right the good ones are coming in today q amp hello
free the hebramer free hang goldberg
reasonably priced
that was fronck wq amp hello hi good morning yes ma'am i've been holding a long time
um i need your advice yeah i'm house sitting on my boss and he has four children three of whom are
now voting age and only one of them actually has a voter registration or voter ID card and that's
because her mom got it for her but what could i possibly stated them to motivate them to vote because
i tried yesterday to talk to them and i'm just not getting through i don't know what to do
they're eighteen twenty two and twenty two yeah two boys and a girl
off from some off from some good drugs would be good
well they uh do that on their own oh i see well i mean maybe something a little bit better than
what they got something a little more exotic um such as maybe rush can help you out maybe
rush can give you well Wilma's number no i don't need it in terms of vibranism sort of incentive
something you know lasting i mean i i'm talking to them about you know democracy and
they're talking to kids about democracy and about voting and things like this is like talking to
a water wenshule about what's happening in show business today you know it's just uh waste of time
i mean i wish y'all the luck in the world and uh you know keep banging away at it i would just
force them with uh threatened them with bodily punishment yeah well all right good luck good luck
sweetheart and don't forget early and often five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty kind of
a week response here today and never should have mentioned that marlin game plus of course yesterday
they got all the enthusiasm out of their system right right we're not going to be doing that again
anytime soon get them all worked up and whipped up into a frenzy what are we going to do how are
we gonna get how it's turned back what are we gonna do about all the shows that are going off
here what are we gonna do about the censorship and yeah and they put on a good act like they really
carried they were all whipped up we got a lot of votes on a pool and that was about it
and you'll see there's still going to be listening to big uh with crap music they're playing
into my my b and what are my y 100 and nothing's going to change they had the opportunity to uh
send a message you know what i'm talking like Joey Zaza sent a message i don't think they're
gonna do it w a m hello oh i don't know why women at w a m hello
failed yes sir good morning sir how you doing i'm doing good how are you great you know
neal i don't care how much you you bash bush i'm voted for bush anyway you know that so i
want to tell you how i have a job yeah how have a job of what uh keeping us away from terrorists
yeah uh yeah the economy's up right uh what let me ask one question let me ask you a question what time
is your show on okay oh man what do you call ever great comedy keeping us away from terrorist
and economies up it's we're smoking baby and i want to in fact there is the answer for the
previous lady to call whatever this guy's smoking with to those kids and believe me they'll be off
there voting in la la and to be voting every hour on the hour wow see every 10 the good stuff come
in nobody ever tells us about it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line w q m hello hey a new sus Glen Hill how you doing yeah how you doing Glen
uh not too good i'm pushing up daisy i know w the qm hello q a m not there
w the qm hello hey doing Neil okay i think George looks pretty good in that pilot uniform i want to
see him in like a mechanic uniform or maybe something else like a bowl fighter and i know
what a vote for now where he's got the he's got the bowl part i know that rodeo clarelled yeah rodeo
crown it's exactly what's it we're all going to hell this is better than i could have ever
dreamed in my wildest anticipation no i'll pay for information about the good one by the way 44
percent say the ads are appropriate 54 percent say inappropriate using the uh 9-11 stuff i'm
gonna do it because it was a defining moment right right uh huh w q m hello hi Neil uh for
a lady who just called about motivating her three young uh go right ahead one word draft
yeah anyone who doesn't think that that's the first order of priority for this cabal once that's a good
idea is the draft and that'd be very and somewhat related for your poll i really think you need to
put general clerk on there as a running mate um uh okay yeah i didn't put him on there thank you
sir have a good day and you too bye bye that's a good idea mentioned dr aft and i'll say of course
that probably think i'm talking about that beer but nevertheless sprained it to him but all the the
military adventurism this imperialistic administration we got right now that wants to keep running all
these adventures all around the world and keep uh you know throwing away young people's lives when
we have the draft like we did back during Vietnam then you see a whole different attitude among young
people and they start screaming bloody murder because that's what's happened over 500 of them they've
been bloody murdered not to mention of course the thousands who have been injured that we don't
hear about should Martha Stewart go to jail look at that 49 to 44 women say yes 57 to 35 men say yes
oh man isn't it amazing how much men really hate women like poison some of her now i'm just
telling what she is a miserable bitch there's no question about that but then again so it's screw
on winning car sales manager qm she is there any doubt about it oh no she's a miserable bitch so
why is Hank in that meeting right now getting right over the coals i'm a homo believe our buddy
the humpar alone okay Greg you idiot thanks got more talent as little finger than you got in your
whole body you got more brains in his vacuum then you'll ever have in that vacuous head of yours Greg
149 think the Kerry should pick John Edwards as his run and mate see that that's that's the easy answer
431 votes he's got all more than a turn 149 Bob Graham 81 Bill Clinton 70 I don't care
out for bush 42 9.7% nothing you can say to me is going to change my mind well good luck to you
I don't care period 27 Hillary Clinton 23 Dick Abhard 18 for Dick Bill Richardson 9 Tom Broca
7 Bill Nelson 5 and General Clark Wesley Clark just went up there immediately because Eric is
right on top of this today and General Clark has got the big one up there he went up the
home and that begins with the city maybe he could win Oregon what other states begin with the
oh can you think of any oh wow he might start a little while it's part of a why he might win
an O choppy yeah that begins with the Ocatruby Ocatruby would be good oh Orlando oh oh okay
oh oh oh Michigan oh right on and dog in New York oh on and dayga Michigan oh
1113 at 560 WQM I'm telling you the guy is right before the that we're going to hell you're right
but it'll be a lot of fun there it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage
from financial group the benefits are positively zero closing costs you pay zero application fee
zero credit for your fee and zero discounted points so get yourself that new unbeatable low interest
rate of just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only $334 a month
if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan all you pay a six sixty eight a month and don't
forget once you refinance you're getting new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever
pay closing costs again so call them today at that toll free number it's a brand new number now
1 866 395 lend right on your wrist get the low rate mortgage you deserve to move on your next
property with no further cost or expense you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fees zero
closing cost even when you move to another property with the only one mortgage from financial group
get yourself that new low rate financing of just 1.25% for details columns today toll free
1 866 395 lend that's the financial group at 1 866 395 LED their equal housing lender restrictions
apply rate subject change monthly 4.21 APR my and look all this is for trade oh my
next-year factor whole cement entertainment approved by the FCC seal of good white housekeeping
we locked FCC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of
boo this mic this is a boo mickey stop it stop this film the row find you see this one see this
one here mickey it's a bumper sticker for the fight again breast cancer it will be away for me
lucky little cc here's my breast here factor with Michael Powell must see tv for the minds of ignorant
roughly you buy direct tv now with over 200 pounds of garbage in 11 18 at 560 wqm so speaking of
religious nuts i'm in the airport in the you know when you go on the international flights
there are like two uh prop processes okay when you check in at the gate first they uh put you
through a uh you have an outer waiting area and then when they're getting ready to board about
20 minutes before they're actually going to board the plane they have an inner waiting area where
you sit after they check the passport and you're a boarding pass etc so this flight is just jam
packed 400 people and my luck i'm sitting across from this uh schmattheb family now the two guys
they're like uh no they're just guys talking about the bio old uh and the woman she's got the
full reggaea and she's got the whole outfit you know the burka the whole deal and uh right so
and i don't want to say anything but she looked like a guy i mean her hands you didn't have a
hair on her hands but like a hands of a man okay i guess it's maybe like a a middle eastern thing i
don't know what it is so she decided about 20 minutes before we're going to get on the flight
that it was time to pray okay and she's consulting with her um two male whatever the relationship was
uh where she can find a place to do it so she goes to the end of the uh seats where there's like
a uh clear area there you know i mean maybe four or five feet she uh roll out the carpet
she's well she didn't have a carpet she didn't have a portable one with her i guess
but now she's standing there and she's like like like like that but maybe speaking in tongues
we don't know like that in the middle east but i'll get to that don't push it now i'm not pushing
out of these things right and of course some of the past news are getting a little bit uncomfortable
just kind of like the people out of america and iraians flight that you know yeah yeah when the
pilot came on and said if you don't believe in Jesus you're crazy hey let's go have a good flight now
and she's been well and and now she starts the course getting down on the floor and she's like uh
i tried not to watch as much of it as i could because it was making me a little bit comfortable as well
i got out of taking my camera phone and captured the moment oh man and of course being the
hidden that i am i'm thinking to myself why didn't you do this before you assholes came to the
airport why are you doing this here now because it wasn't pray time then why are you inflicting this
on everybody now what the floor show come on and think about all the things in a world about
india and pakistan which both have the big bomb by the way you know we got the hindus and the six
remember that kid that called in a one day a year or so ago on the show he said i'm sick and i
said oh my god see your doctors a good idea hindus and the six you got the Protestants and the
Catholics in northern Ireland you got the uh deduces in the muslims in the middle east and of course
the Christians want their peace too sure even myrlandsky wants a little peace i'm in rod
everywhere you look that's what it's all about you got these sheites and the sunis i mean when
you stop and think about this in a media the media presents this is though it's some kind of a
rational thing you know right as though somehow these people are different they're well they're
different all right because they believe different fairy tales where they came from different
you know parts of the country whatever the hell the deal was pick your poison that's what it's
all about so don't don't give me a solid dance about the passion of the christ and all this other
because all religion does is breed a hate that's what it is it's a weapon to breed a hate and to
excuse intolerance against other people and i'll say it again the greatest contribution i
could make is if i could get one person this audience in all the years i've been on the
earth's out florida twenty eight years to abandon their to emancipate their brain and think
about how ridiculous all this garbage is this that they've been brainwashed with that's quite an
accomplishment that shows you how difficult it is they're always talking about when it back
in the days when i did topical radio which was really boring but some of the shows i enjoyed a
one's about the religion and we'd have these people on to discuss the programming young people
from cults yeah and my favorite question to these experts always was what what is a cult and what's
a real religion right of course they had their standard answer well you know a real religion has
got a cult has got a strong central figure oh you mean like you like to pop well any of these
things you know no matter what the answer was they would come back with it was a one of those
interchangeable answers that you could put in anything you know very sad
it's just that what separates Catholicism and all the Protestant cults and Judaism is that
they're just better businessmen and the Muslims forget about it they make you know for you can't
refuse not like the Christians ever did i like like i just said i just got through with them don't
be picking on them Christians again your buddy Pablo be waiting for you outside the studio there at
the twelve fifty five okay yeah twenty three past eleven i'm concerned about the hump around
we're waiting for that decision from the big meeting between Greg Reed and the hump
and Hank Goldberg the brain trust is meeting with the hump right now to try to straighten his
act out i thought i had him calm down a few years ago but you know every now and then you just
like you said some people inspire here one right that that's right she sure did it to me before
we started on the air the day i had a actually we were on the air no we weren't on the air we were
in that studio downstairs preparing to be on there remember all the work that we did there
and she comes down and she says now how many spots in our did we agree to and of course it was
14 that was 16 six now it's 14 16 and she she stormed out and made some kind of a crack some
kind of a nasty miserable crack is only screw and what it can do and i'm my blood was boiling
and i remember going up that elevator the third floor just chasing around to try to find where she was
and of course at that point she decided to go and closet herself with Greg or somebody in an
a meeting and i was just muttering and mumbling to myself hadn't even started on the area
on qa so i know all about what it is with that screw and bitch and i'll say again Hank instead of
getting suspended instead of getting addressing down or even address what is it addressing down
an addressing down he should get an award for honesty for having a balls to tell
it like it is and don't give me a son and answer about uh what do they call it the unfriendly
workplace the hostile environment working right because i can't think of too many more hostile
work environments than qa m absolutely yes especially when he's there early in the day
wq and hello
oh
ladies and gentlemen
jaybro
gimme your vodka
wq and hello
good morning
yes sir
i hope i'm in the queue for nil
speaking
oh great
we didn't screenless this year because the josh is under a lot of pressure go ahead
oh my god okay
hey look you know it's kind of like that old prom lyric song national brotherhood week
uh...
and uh... you know
there's not much i can say other than i'm going to vote for bush because i don't like him
shape
that was pretty funny one
i didn't get a good expert to me
no
husha john carry a pick for his running mate john Edwards 173
bob gram 90 bill clinton 80 i don't care i'm from bush 48 9.6 percent
i don't care period
about thirty man
thirty
hillary's got twenty five that bitch
uh...
dick mr 19 bill richard's in twelve
general westerly carcay eleven i scored pally eleven
tombro calls seven and bill also got five out of an even five hundred votes
in just over an hour
vote of anti anxiety medication
it's a good thing
you see that mark the story stuff they've done certain in our life that was great
no i missed it somehow it was a beautiful the wrong way if you watch cnn you'll see
like two three times an hour i twenty six past eleven at five sixty w came
over here we got the marlins and the mess from port st lucy pregame twelve fifty
five thank the lord
my
love this is four three of i city
you
yeah
turns it for like meals pull
all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks
to hate all but the right folks is an old established rule but during
national brother to eat national brother to eat
lean a horn and sheriff park are dancing cheek to cheek is
fun to you to judge the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school
all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks
all of my folks hate all of your folks it's american as apple pie but during
national brother to eat national brother to eat
new yorkers love the queto reekens cause it's very chic step up and shake the hand of
someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try
all the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants
and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but jury
national brother to eat national brother to eat gets national everyone smile at one and
other hood week be nice to people who are inferior to you it's only four a week so have no fear
be grateful that it doesn't last all year
okay
and it's only religion to control people's minds in their pocket books not necessarily in that order
so doffax is made a good news the hopper will be on here at four today
hey stupid did he tell you about it no so over the faxist to be private
no i'm your buddy i'm in and handed the facts to me and then
oh left i thought maybe faxed it from like outside like kind of a surprise you know
so the hopper had his meet with Greg they had a meeting of the mines which of course
ha ha ha ha when Greg is one of the participants
yeah any of the mines maybe a bit of an exaggeration but nevertheless they had their big
meet and they're tearing everything out and screw in is she's calm and cool and collected
and everything's fine right right that's good news so the hopper returns from the american
airlines arena for this afternoon and we got the Panther game here in Toronto with the ACC 7 o'clock
pregame 7 30 a game time as the Panthers are Schmitt can Valerie Brey and Marcus Nielsen
and uh... got another but draft picks for him which i find just a pauling in shucking aren't you
amazed though being the big hockey fan that you are now let's see aren't going anywhere and
hopefully we'll let them mature Phoenix coyotes got Derek Morris from the Colorado Avalanche 23 and
half 24 so we're looking forward to seeing them come together just before you leave Michael well
i had a line for that but i better not say it well i didn't want to i think mike you're right Derek
was trade Tommy saddle in the sixth round draft pick to uh... the out of avalanche for
defenseman tom Gilbert never heard of i better get off of that stuff because i'll start paying
attention to it and that's not a good idea ashcroft i'm a spoke i was right about hanks meeting
it not only did it happen eleven it's over with and we got a good result nice call hopper
now cross side walk up and down a few pieces of loosen up to two please speaking of people self doctors
attending attorney general john ascroft found several troublesome gallstones
in order surgery for the cabinet office of the recovery currents of gallstone pancreas that is
how we said he had a lot of gold in you think so especially when it was covered up the new statues
miserable but faster yeah anyway uh... they scheduled surgery for noon today now the procedure
initially will be done laparoscopic that's how i had mine you got like three little holes in
your public and they stick uh... the little cameras up in there in the little snipper
but it says surgeons are prepared to switch to the more conventional open surgery if necessary
and it should take about two hours he was diagnosed with severe acute case of pancreas tennis
which can be life threatening all right attorney general ascroft all right especially among people
with other medical problems all right we certainly wish him all the all right best
going
yeah the best something
casket
don't say that about our attorney general now that's so grotesque disrespectful man it's pathetic
even if it is true five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon
wireless line committee qam hello
everybody qam hello
any already yes sir i know you have a short day today but i wonder if you got time
if you can tell talk about it maybe George a little bit more about josh's mother
what
josh's mother
she came up last week
oh josh courtes his mother yeah yeah
why is there something we need to know because i don't know anything about this
no no we were just talking about moms and josh's came up and onward and upward we got done
i see we pushed wq that was the front of you then qam hello
there yes sir i think George fortune yeah okay great good luck you
wqam hello hey nil yes sir oh thank god you're back couldn't go to another week him
okay good wqam hello yes i want to speak to nil speaking
nil you've got a pool going with clinton going his vice president with carry yes clinton cannot
serve wrong no i know a second term is president another term is first what happens is something
happened to carry with clinton being vice president could he be appointed president again
yes what do you want to make him president he can't be elected he couldn't run for president
more than twice but he could inherit the our office yes okay that was my question because
i want to ask you before because one a second time you know after you had a lots of
of several terms to be president you said no we couldn't so i was wondering if he could actually
serve again if something had happened to carry in fact here probably would have like extra you know
security right right in case yeah okay let's get in 20 or 30 thousand calls because there are a
lot of people out there with lots to say today let's get them all on there before 12 55 i like it
this is my kind of a day you know it short
somebody qm hello hey nil yes sir so you earned them you ate my death that answered him huh yes i did
okay listen there come up with that the movie for the book supersize me yeah about that guy
they want the McDonald's right you heard about that oh and guess what speaking of that guess what
movie i saw while i was there which i forget what channel was i'm downsized this with Michael Moore
was great i'd never seen it i've never heard of it downsized this one is favorite though when you go
into the modernist game can you please play the marlin song what the hell is the marlin song it sounds
like that baseball song it's it's similar to the one that says the aptanyankee something like that
oh the cram it okay i got it what is that what was that called i don't know if we can marlin huh
hope we have so many no we don't
that's the word that's it yeah that's all for nil today the marlin's aptanyankee that's a good idea what's
the called marlin's baseball i an excellent idea if i do say so myself let me recommend by the way
restaurant in Amsterdam you ready for this okay no i mean people ask me stupid questions all
where should i eat well oh there is one good restaurant in Amsterdam that i found it's a
Chinese restaurant it's a mandarin restaurant it's upstairs it's on the roken which is the
extension of the dam rack roken and it's right across from all the construction for this bank on
a roken and it's got a huge sign mandarin you go up fly the stairs you go up inside it's a gourmet
Chinese restaurant the food is outstanding and they don't use msg and they don't load everything
up with pepper like they do in the other Chinese restaurants there and you won't have hemorrhoids
for six months it is fabulous i don't know what the name of it is but it just has a huge sign
it's this mandarin so anybody's going to Amsterdam you won't want to do you wrong
if you like tinks and of course if you don't i'm McDonald's is always safe you know what you're
going to get and they have that cute pet rat that hangs up inside the kitchen too
a McDonald's yeah Mickey Rat? i don't know i don't know if it has the name or not but it's in
one till noon at five sixty wdqm if you're planning on replacing that carpeting because they look
and maybe don't even smell all that great no more or your area rugs are drapery if you think
about having these things professionally cleaned don't make a mistake don't trust them any
fakers out there the only thing to do is call my good friends at dry concepts because they're the
best in the business of bringing carpeting of all kinds back to life they've been doing in my
house for over 20 years and they've been doing it in town for well over 20 years using dry concepts
certified trained technicians will clean your carpets like you dry clean your clothing
when they get done your carpets will be vibrant and colors off to the touch they'll smell
eminy fresh they'll be dry in a couple of hours and when they walk away you'll think you had
brand new laid right there on your floor it can't be them anywhere in the world and don't forget
if you call today and i tell them to put you under stand by list you can save an extra 15%
off the already reasonable price of your next carpet feeding with dry concepts don't forget
another thing too they never rip you off no attack on no add-ons at the end of the job they give
you a written guaranteed price at the start of the job and they they follow up on it here's the
toll free number to call 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website
dryconcepts.com nobody in the world does it better than our good friends at dry concepts
our team south of the president's race we are leaving one track but we are going on another track
now our produce is true fashion we're not dropping out of our team sings the classic
And then we're gonna watch it in DC to take back the way house our team sings classic rock
3416 till then we got the Marlon pregame and just over an hour man
We can't wait can you wait I can't let's go now. I'm thinking about tomorrow's pool. I don't know what inspired me to do this
I know what inspired me that bit I just played of all the states mm-hmm and I'm thinking to myself we never did this pool
What is the most obnoxious state? I don't know how to phrase it. You know what I mean the most unlivable the most what state you despise the most
As far as what this far as anything just a grotesque place to visit or live where you don't want to be there
Where would you like to which state would you least like?
Well, I mean Florida might be one all the we got some nice beaches and is it right few nice people around?
Factor the man. Yeah, I think it was big English. Factor the man. What I've been to worst places right. Oh, yeah, I don't know
I'm a good or Florida right
Or South Carolina they have beaches. Jojo Beach
Beaches and beaches. Yeah. Oh, I'm thinking well. I'll have a list of 50. I can assure you that
We're not leaving anything off
I'm thinking Indiana might get some votes. Indiana was you?
Indiana wants me and I'm not coming back to how Indiana or even the Sturgis Michigan Michigan's pretty good place
Never been in Michigan. Yeah, sure not a bad place. Whether it's horrendous, but whether's not everything man
No, whether it ain't everything trust me when I tell you you know what a nice place was what's that seldom talked about Madison Wisconsin?
Never been in Wisconsin. My freedom from religion foundation is just a very nice clean
Pitchress kind of little town right well little safe
Least signed defense of the Cali Johansson by the way
I know you're concerned about that all this heavy duty stuff going on. Yeah
Shinshan Bureau with some advice and a good morning. Oh, I changed channel just in time
David Crosby. This is an old story from the weekend and here it is Tuesday already and then we never get around with us
Did you talk about this you couldn't have because it was on Saturday? No
famed rock and roller David Crosby was arrested early Saturday after a hotel made found a weapons and marriage a wini in a suitcase
He'd accidentally left behind during a short stay in Midtown Manhattan
Weapons and marriage a wini
Crosby 62 already had checked out of the double tree sweet hotel at
1568 Broadway where returned around one o'clock in the morning recover piece of luggage he left behind police said after we let
However, make clean his room found the bag and police were notified of its contents a 45 caliber gun
Three magazines of ammunition a hunting knife a folding knife a pocket knife and a small bag of weed with rolling papers
Court officials said Crosby called the hotel to say left the the bag in his room. That's always a smart thing to do
When he returned for it police were waiting and charged him there with criminal possession of a weapon and criminal possession of marriage a wini
It was arranged just before one o'clock Saturday in the States of cream court man
Hatton were just as Robert Strauss said bail of 35 hundred bucks despite the fence attorney Daniel Parker's request a wave bail and released the musician on his own
reconnaissance
Crosby appeared tired in court wore loose dark pants and a t-shirt reading a man in his truck. It's a beautiful thing
He left by a side exit next scheduled appear in court May 19 Parker would not comment
How do you like that poor David Crosby just can't stop you know it?
He just can't shut off the crap like me. I can't shut off the fan. Same thing
Can't shut off the Ben and Jerry's ice cream coffee coffee crunch. Oh God
Chucky yeah
Police secretly watching hip-hop artists will you shut up speaking of that although it's a good segue police secretly watching hip-hop artists in Miami
They're watching you they're monitoring you
My in-mime beach police are secretly watching and keeping dossiers on hip-hop celebrities like P. Diddy and D.M. X
And their entourage is when they come to South Florida
Move police say is to protect the stars and the public protect us from hip-hop
Often to say they photograph rappers as they arrived at MIA
They stake out hotels nightclubs and video shoots they can sell the six-inch thick blank binder of every rapper and member of his or her group
With an arrest record in the state of New York the binder begins with a photo and rap sheet of Grammy nominated rapper 50 cent
50 cents it ends with job rule both men are embellished one of the most bitter feuds in hip-hop industry
One that M&M 50 cents producer is warned in the song bully could lead the bloodshed
One of them rapper few
Post-rappers against the West Coast rappers
The policing effort of top entertainers which hip-hop experts criticizes unnecessary stereotyping was created police say to protect the public and
Musical celebrities who've chosen to make South Florida their destination to live in party
Like I said who chosen to make South Florida and I can't even find the damn thing now. How do you like that?
Yeah, can you believe he's dead? Yeah, I was just thinking about that earlier. Wow
That was psychic you are Don Cox is dead. He's sleeping with the fishes now. I can't I just can't believe that heavy
Hey, can we interrupt just briefly because I'm trying to get a message to this guy in New York a message to what guy?
The guy that is always faxing books. He's a good guy. I'm sure he's listening me means well
He's got good intentions, but all day long he faxes 10 freaking 20 page faxes just facts
Third man first page if you're gonna fax it all or don't all
Day learn
Hmm from this guy. It's love alone already. We do proud your intentions are good, but to bug off first of all lost
Pist off and fired up in New York. We can't read your fax machine for some reason
It's a mighty beach police chief Charles press as we have to keep an eye on these robberies the last thing we need in the city is violence
We want to have no violence and soft floor a dog
Government agencies keeping tabs on musicians is not new the next administration investigated former Beatles John
Lynn in the 1970s tried to have them deported the band body count led by rapper Iced he got the attention
Please nationally in the early 90s with a song cop killer, but those cases involved individual artists or groups not monitoring across a musical genre
There's been no shortage of rock stars other musicians scrutinized by police and Anthony de Curtis contributing editor at Rolling Stone
But there's never been anything like this well look at the times in which we live you see what I'm saying
Speaking of John ascrock
Several music executives in legal scholar say the intelligence gathering highlights the misunderstanding between the police and a ten billion dollar industry
The police they can tend to use the slangs of high-profile artists like Tupac the notorious
B.I.G. and run DMC's jam master J to justify tracking many in the industry I
Mean about all scumbags are they?
I don't know the moment. Oh, some people see gangs and hip-hop artists as being synonymous with Benjamin Chavez president and chief executive officer of the hip-hop
Summit action network. Oh man a government watchdog in voter registration group. Yeah, the hip-hop
Summit action network
Right that's a mistake. He said the recording industry is a legitimate American enterprise not a gang
Senator to Bruce rogo this kind of conduct shows in sensitivity to constitutional limitations
It also implicates racial stereotyping robo successfully represented two live crew when the rap group was prosecuted for obscenity in the early 90s
And you want to know why they were prosecuted in the early 90s?
Oh
They so dirty man. They so dirty share
Speaking of obscenities here's a fact that says the Rick Sanchez show is still on the air
But you can tell they're dying over there
Mostly they're doing plenty of vacation giveaways and prizes by watching the show to get the secret word or phrase
So even if the show is puke inducing the stay at home numb nuts will watch in hopes of winning something besides
It's good comedy as they wait for Oprah side note
Wow
Phil Henry shows being bleep left and right and they don't play him
Live anymore. It's mostly reruns with all the bleeps of the previous day with stuff cut out or bleeped
How do you like that? Are you
Since I hope he's still loving
Licking the bushmeister after what he and his people are doing. Well, that's what happens
Just like Howard same thing sucked up to the bushmeister for a long time didn't do any good
Soon as he changes to a little bit bye-bye
Bye-bye Stern-meister by the way something yes Hank says thank you and he loves you
But everything worked out Hank. My Hank is great Hank is legendary Hank doesn't have to prove it
And then what really I resent bitterly and I mean this
Literally you remember when we before we started and Hank had that run in with a first suspension
See which I'm I don't do suspensions
I mean if you don't want to pay me then we'll see in court
I don't play the game in the middle of that
That's right. I'm there and if you don't want to let me on here then well, we'll go to court. I'm not having any meetings
But that first thing which was a total lie and Tom Jike exposed Greg read for the liar that he wasn't the newspaper at that time
The business about well he picked on Wayne Harzenga and the food and the press box
That had nothing to do with it was all again about screw-an and fill us the a water Nazi to a Greg's bunk butt buddies
There with the station for any many years and that's what it was all about is he didn't treat them nice
And so he got suspended without pay and I'd go through all kind of crap
And I remember in those days Greg rambling his spirit. Oh, I don't know if I want to have Hank on our stab all out of the crap
Well since those days largely thanks to me and my tone Hank tank to check to the bank
Hank let's be a listen take the mind of Bank sweetheart, please ignore morons like Greg read and screw-an at bitch
Just take the money straight to the bank tomorrow's pay day put a smile on your big fat push and quit eating so much
So now here we have the same thing all over again based on the guys of well
It's a hostile of work environment that he's making these comments in a hall
Well, big thinking deal okay grow up grow up Greg
Now what is this thing about a woodpecker here is this two clean
Uh-uh, Julian D'Areal and I read that I saw that word woodpecker and that's the end for me
Yeah, I'm not I'm not going there is they like to say don't even go there girl
Which I hate that expression, but guess what I'm not going there just like you said about the South Carolina
I'm not going here no
I'm not going there. I wish I'd have to pass through there
Woody the woodpecker not going there
Let's see studio script notes on the passion dictated to Steve Martin. Is this amusing or not? It's cute. Let's go to Ralph
Dear Mel we love love the script the ending works great
You're gonna be getting a call from us this darn negotiations for the book rights written to Mel Gibson of course love the Jesus character
So like I don't want to read this. It's just yeah, it's cute
I don't want to do it because we get Pablo all upset again, you know
He's probably
Impaling himself on something sharp right now. I'm ready on something old for sure and that could be it
So the police are secretly watching the hip-hop artists in South Florida there
So keep your we just govern yourselves according that's all I can tell you I feel better now good
Yeah, now you'll be in a good place where you can be safe
Who should John Kerry pick is his running mate? That's our poll question. By the way don't the Miss Kerry Otis
She's our sunshine girl today. We hope to be Harry. Oh, it is behind the beaded curtain
John Edwards
2012 ought to be the running mate and you know, I don't have a problem with that although I don't see the great political
Strategy there. I don't see what the big game is do you with John Edwards? Right a new England
Kind of guy with a pick for the balanced ticket
But what's what states in the South is down Edwards gonna help John Kerry win if there are swing voters in the South
That's the idea. Yeah, well did now for when for the last time right he did I mean a stolen but he won it nevertheless
So the words he'll swing more votes in that direction than say Joe Lieberman
You're missing the point while we're not talking about you Lieberman. He's not even on a list
We're talking about somebody who might win him some states who might win him the election by having him on a ticket
I don't see where John Edwards fits that bill. I don't care if he's got 90% of these votes because it was predictable from the beginning
When we started taking a poll they say oh John Edwards because that's what they're supposed to say they think you know
I voted for Graham on the poll and just talking about what they're saying. I voted for Bubba myself
Yeah, I ain't gonna happen but sure well sounds great. That's the ideal idea
610 votes 610. Oh my god. You know what 610? I don't you holy moly 610 W.I.O.D
Oh, I hate that stage. That's another cheap channel station now
The one good piece of news is that I don't see a lot of crossover between Lord Asselinbaugh that pill pop and phony hypocrite right wing asshole
I don't see a lot of it across over between him and Howard Stern
So I don't think that the people who listen to Howard who are pissed off a third channel
They're gonna have to give up anything that they like like rush or the Schmidt-Mistory and that crap because they don't listen to that stuff anyway
Right right
610 votes Edwards 213 Graham 104 good old BDI Bobby Bill Clinton 100
I don't care. I'm for Bush 58 9 1 1 1 2 3rd pretty weak Hillary 34
I don't care period 34 no matter what you say Dick M.H. It's got 20
General Wesley Clark 20 Bill Richardson 13 Tom Broca's about eight and Bill Nelson and I like that name has got six
We're supporting you five CC
You am
Mr. Kenny I like to relax by having their Magical and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome one hour
Beepin
From the makers of the passion of the Christ comes
Passion of the Christ on ice
All the violence of the movie you loved but with a triple axle crucifixion
See columns of graceful Roman soldiers whipping and weaving around a magnificent messiah
New York Times reports these skaters really nailed this one and USA today says jumping Jesus Christ on ice is
Cold-blooded fun
Bring the kids to witness and savior each moment they cross the grace
Shagorage and the suffering of Christ on ice
What these numbers makes for you. It's not just dizzyness careful resurrection. Oh, I told you it's gonna be a good day tonight
Yeah, it's a great day. George upholds the death sentence for John Muhammad
He's gonna get off in
Tomorrow and Lee Boyd Malvolga, so he's gonna get his
He's gonna get sentenced tomorrow
So that's some excellent news. We got the Marlins and the meds coming up from Port St. Lucie at 1255 this afternoon
So that's even better news because we get out here early and I know the Marlins fans are just hanging on on the edge of their seats waiting for every pitch by the coma inducing
Van Boerring well, that's really that's criminal. That's pathetic
Wait till you're this
President Bush's chief political advisor Carl Roe of Tully FBI in the interview last October
That he circulated and discussed damaging information regarding CIA operative Valerie Plain with others in the White House
Outside political consultants and journalists according to a government official and an attorney familiar with the ongoing special counsel's investigation of the matter
But Roe also adamantly insisted to the FBI that he was not the administration official
It will leave the information that Plain was a covert CIA operative to conservative comments Robert Novak last July
Rather, Roe been assisted to only circulate information about Plain after it appeared Novak's column
He also told the FBI the same sources said that circulating the information was a legitimate means to counter what he claimed was politically
Motivated criticism of the Bush administration by Plains husband former ambassador Joseph Wilson see one thing
You folks have to understand you better get it right now get right it down on your arm like a memento, okay?
We do not criticize the government
Look got it the have days. That's right the US you know the criticize the government
You know criticize the president state device president. You don't criticize the Secretary of Defense the Secretary of State the Secretary of the Interior the exterior
The posterior none of these things. Welcome got it and you certainly don't criticize
the national security adviser that's right
Don't even think about it too late. I thought about it. Well, you're done. Oh
Stick it there
Abbon in your belly we go in with what looks like a periscope and they put a little bag around the golf a little panicky there
Because they discovered the hole in a crosshead and they thought gee did we drill in a wrong place?
Right, though, and that one too big one that they find his black heart
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8 his black part
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line so the surgeries underway
Oh, I certainly hope it's over successfully and he has several good bomb movements later in the day so we can read about it in the papers like eyes now
Look at that phone man. Is this pathetic or what WQ I am?
Yeah, okay, Joey Dean is sterilizers and Jay. Jay and Americans good good for you
That's it. That's the end of our calls today
I'm telling you these days when we have Marlon's baseball. It's a mixed bag on
One head it's a real blessing to get out of here early on the other hand man
They start diving away from that radio dial this in case they might hear a pitch
WQM hello
Yes
Okay, thank you this flash. Yeah, that's the real bulletin
Another one of your people by the way that was probably what's his name? What's his name Pablo?
No, it's probably Pablo's boyfriend
Somebody Q. M. Hello
Hello, Neil. How are you okay?
Listen, I'm pissed off about the FCC going back to yesterday's discussion. Yes, I am pissed off
I want you to know that another thing is I'm praying that
Ascroft died in surgery right now
Okay, well, it's going on right now, so we'll give you a play-by-play. We'll let you know how it comes out
5 670 you've got his John ascroft Voodoo doll is probably sticking a pin right in its back though right as we speak now
The anxious attorney general man just distant a disgrace a man who's covering a boobies on statues a man from the Stone Age
Wow, he makes fundamentalist Christians look like Ted Kennedy like raven liberals. That's how far to the right he is
Your attorney general at work
WQM hello
And you know how are you okay? Yeah, I'm also pretty pissed off about the FCC too
And what's really amazing is that the FCC got the largest amount of public input regarding the
Media mergers, you know and the expansion of the networks. Yeah, they got what was it 19 million
And they still don't care they still because they're in bed with Viacama with the in a cheap channel. They don't give a crap
Yeah, but point oh one of
1% of the population is upset about the Janet Jackson's boob and no like a major
But the other thing that I really wanted to talk about is this religion and wars thing that you were talking about a little while ago
And oh my god. Yeah, well, you know the United States is the country if you read out
This is a big new brazinski book called the afghan trap
He discusses on there how under the Carter administration and after the Carter administration too
They were funding the mujah had been and been lawden, you know to upright against the communism right and you know
It's a you can say this about Pakistan and it's right the power and all of their why are you?
Why are you going through all of this you're you're worrying me out?
You're your intentions are good
But we know all of this Sodom was our man and though so it was our man because he was fighting the Ruskys the communist and
Baby doc was our man and Papa doc before him was our man and Aristide was our man
And you know when you support dictators that's what what happens all over the world and
Then they will fear you
And they will hate you like poison. That's what's happened to America today with despised reviled all around the world
Not so much as individual people but the American government now they fear us like crazy
They're being on the good way either no in a bad way
Nobody Q a.m. Hello
Hey, no, yes sir
Just wondering you think John S. Cop is making the doctors operate while he has the John was on
Where I heard you had to be nude
Good day buddy something to think about okay you think he's wearing his PJs
You get one of those gowns that are open. Oh, he ain't gonna be wearing no gown
That's not a manly thing for a guy like our attorney generally wearing some kind of a gown
Well, maybe he can wear it backwards. Oh, brother the flap and frisk backward. Oh, can't say that
Backward sorry, I backwards right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line a great day at Q a.m
The Humpers survives another attempt by Greg Read under my knees show
Just screw him Hank just stick it to him take that money right to the bank just laugh all the way and
Don't stop at any drive-thru is either on the way to the bank. Please
That's the only thing I'm worried about
You know what I'm saying what do you say?
Well, I'm saying that there's a lot of you know every street court is another Mickey D's and there's Wendy's and there's
I see papis and all of these things
So just make in fact now that they have these newfangled cars that have the
What thought of the calm wheels?
Yeah, steering wheel. No, they have the the radar stuff where you can find
You know the leader like the GPS
Right have a game right exactly very good. Oh Josh is there
And it is really when I have that kind of a stuff
What you ought to be able to do is like set it automatic and go like wherever you were going to the bank with no ability to stop in
Between other than one of you have to stop for traffic
But no ability to make any pit stops. See what I'm saying?
Where the doors lock so you can't jump out right? That's right in the windows locked too
So you can't rule the window down and you know get that sack handed through the window
That big fat sack. Oh speaking of sacked. There's George tennis and what I did or what I didn't do
To be put about yeah sure tell us another story George
Who should John Kerry pick for his running mate? We asked on a Rogers dot com today
660 votes that ain't too shabby John Edwards 227 Bobby Graham 114 Bill Clinton on 110 we want bubble back
I don't care. I'm for boy 62 9.3% of people who just absolutely refuse to be swayed by the truth
I don't care period 36
Hillary 34 Wesley card 26 Dick M. Hart 21 people are for Dick Bill Richardson 14 Tom Broca 10 and poor Bill Nelson's only got six
Sace
He's only got six votes out of 660 that ain't too good
Yeah, and you want to know why?
Nobody knows who that is
If you went out on the corner of 441 and I was very rude right now and you found anybody who spoke English and you said
You know who Bill Nelson is and they'd say okay?
They look at you with that strange look or
Or if you went on the other side of the street and asked that question they might say
Just before you make your deal WQM. Hello. Oh
Sir speaking
WQM hello
Yes, sir
Oh
Pretty good man
All right the miracle of modern science. Oh, what a show and the price is right
Let me say it again the price is right everybody is everybody at South Florida center on her radio
They're you know dealing with that radio dial
Dive them with each other listening to this show. I don't care what arbitrons says
I don't care what Bill Tanner says that silly lady. I don't care what else. She's screaming. Oh the Spanish language stays
He's rocking enough credit. Yeah, right. Yeah, mama. That's my comment to you. Yeah, mama
Miss Tanner see that that that's a mistake is Miss Tanner right there right off the bat
That's our first mistake, but keep in mind it is the pepper Tanner building
5 6 7 0 5 60 look at that we got 177 delegates in Florida
195 465 up for grams today of which carry will get what about 450
Something like that. Why are they even wasting their time with this?
In fact, it's a good idea and I know not too many people have voted Florida because the the die is already cast
but for practice right
Yeah, on the touchscreen machines go out there and touch it a little bit
Why they still can't this machine wait right go out there and play a little bit of and
You also can do do some practicing for November when a lot of you are going to be voting three four or five times
Well, he's old codgers these old cockers that are running the appalling places on doing a little bait and switch bring your bag of disguises
Stuff like that you think they don't want to run the ATM
All of these things
12 minutes past noon at 560 Q and we got the marlins and the meds coming and all I can say is thank God
New York
This is which we'll fight you yeah
Bush a
It's gays push a
Gays earthy how her past a gay amendment man
Defenses when they go to become a married home. Oh, he's discussed it unless you're ahead to row cuz Bush a
They say I love his taboo
That what we're doing is wrong
But I don't care what they say
Because my love is so strong
They tell us we should be ashamed
When I was when and wife
But I cherish each moment with you
I'm so glad you're in my life
You're my prison bitch my prison bitch. You're not like of a man
I'm glad we share a prison cell when lights go out at 10
I can't accept where I feel now that would be a
As long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time
Because you're my prison bitch my prison bitch and I have no regrets
I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes
At first you were resistance, but now you're all my friends. I knew that I would give you in the end
prison
I cast a
to worship
from
a ball
Yeah
prison bitch
prison
prison
bitch
prison
That how you
are my prisoner
Oh, oh
I'm your prison bitch your prison bitch and you're a sex machine
I only have one request how about some
Sure
I'm tired of this prison cell I need to get away
This sentence made to seven years not seven times a day
I'm your prison bitch your prison bitch you're in for many
I'm sure I really hate these markers that
you're not back
I thought that I could break away but now I'm losing hope
God, I'm tired of paying off the sow
I'm tired of this prison bitch
prison bitch
I'm tired of paying off the life cause I can hardly wait
prison bitch
I'm tired of this prison
When I get out I'm ready to go straight
I'm tired of this prison bitch my prison bitch I'll never say goodbye
You're not like all the others too bad they had to die
On the second thought I believe I'll say
If you want me to
your prison bitch is never leaving
you
I'm hurt you would not sell me but now you're not so mad
that's a perfect man don't worry
I know I'm not a good man
Now I know what they call you heart criminal
You're about to find out what they call this
I'm sorry
I like that
I like that
Do it again
21 past noon at 560 WQ in the land of the used to be free and used to be brave
and used to have all kinds of freedoms not no more
No more freedoms baby
But the good news is DC snapper killer Muhammad sentenced to death
Alright
You like that a lot
John Allen Muhammad was sentenced to death today for his role in these snapper shootings that terrorized the Washington area
Circuit Judge Lee Roy Mullage and you turned the side of plea for Muhammad's attorneys to spare their clients life
He ordered Muhammad executed October 14th but that day likely it'll be postponed to allow appeals
See that's what bugs me all these appeals on and on and just like Bundy
How many years did they appeal that thing
About third man
He's trying to fright his nasty ass
God
Muhammad denied any
This is the best part he denied any of the involvement in the killing stews they telling the judge
Don't make a fool of the constitution of the United States of America
Just like I said in the beginning I had nothing to do with this and I'll say it again I had nothing to do with this
Right
Right
Say it again I have nothing to do with it okay keep saying it
Are you sure
Here's the facts from Mike who's obviously been hanging out under the bed too long
And I don't blame him for being a little bit a scared
He says I've got to a bunch of websites I can't find John Kerry's middle name
Could we have another JFK is his name Francis freight up?
Seriously is his name Francis?
No
Well it is JFK we do know that but I had he says do we have another JFK no
The initials are JFK but do we have another JFK no no no chance I even close
I don't want to pee on his parade but you know he ain't no JFK
California lawmakers proposed lowering the 40 year voting age to 14
All right
What a joke
But you've made a good point before the show when I told about the story that is that the kids they like Arnold big time
Yeah
So he could have like 90% of the vote next time and of course we'll pass that amendment in Congress
And making eligible to run for president we can have eight years of Arnold as president
millions of California teenagers become the nation's first to vote under a proposed constitutional amendment introduced yesterday by a 71 year old state senator
Senator John Vesconcello, a Democrat of Santa Clara, proposed the idea alongside three other lawmakers, same the internet, cell phones, multi channel TV
And a diverse society make today's teens veteran formed then generations of their predecessors, right
So I guess they can figure out how they're going to vote for an all-emporno size right?
That's all I do
Behind the beaded rope
Coming on the heels of an expected record load turned out among adults in the March 2nd election Vesconcello would give 16 year olds March 2nd election
What does that mean?
Isn't it a March 9th last time I checked?
Yeah
Oh I see on the heels of what last week Vesconcello would give 16 year olds a half a vote and for 14 year olds a quarter of a vote in state elections beginning in 2006
Got that?
If you're 16 you get a half a vote if you're 14 a quarter vote and if you're 50 I guess you get like what's between a quarter and a half three eights
Okay
Yeah
Two thirds
The idea formally called training wheels for citizenship first requires two thirds approval see there you go by the legislature to appear on this November's ballot
California suggestion comes 33 years after the U.S. lowered its voting age from 21 to 18 amid a fledgling youth movement in the U.S.
out of the nations to lower the voting age supporters say Israel allows 17 year olds to vote local elections while Austria and Germany
have lost 16 year olds to vote in some local elections a bill in California letting 17 year olds vote in primary elections when they will be 18 year old for general election is languished
People are given opportunity when accounts often live up to its is that Vesconcello's flanked by nearly 40 teenagers from across the state
Right a Republican colleague called it the nuthiest idea I've ever heard
Set of sentiment Ray Haynes Republican of myrieta there's a good reason why 14 and 16 year olds don't vote they're not adults they're not mature enough and here comes my favorite line of the whole year
They're easily deceived by political shard of them
Not like the adults right not like any of them adults but I still say it's a stupid idea okay just cut the crap
That's like 10 year olds vote what do you say we'll give them like a tenth of a vote and then when they get to be 12 again like eight tenths right
Right Zion America baby that's all I can tell you it's insanity mass madness lunacy this is your Congress hard at work
This is the state legislators hard at working California's if they don't have bigger fish to fry
26 past noon at 5 60 WQM house your new year's resolution going it's already the ninth of March like I said only moments ago and you're still fat just like every year
Well, it's just aren't tough to stick to that old diet regimen for most people like me with balance for life they make it easy not hard
Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet and they deliver right here door three meals and two delicious snacks
Everyday right here doorstep and we're talking about fresh delicious food nothing frozen nothing they're prefabricated no chemicals
So with all that good food how can you say you really on a diet try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet and don't settle
Permitations imagine there's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calling what it's saying that is by yesterday
No shilling no shilling no koo-tees something like that like Chris Stratford said people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life
The zone diets been proven Lord diabetes high cholesterol and blood pressure too and now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet here's your chance because
Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that's your offer that offers you menu choices that allow you to go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet
The only choice you have to make is fill out that menu once a week and they do all the cooking all the preparing and they make it a piece of cake without the accountries
So feel the difference and see the results on the scale almost overnight call them toll free at their new number right now 1 866
225 4543 that's 1 866 225 4543 and when you call be sure mention our good friend Troy which less said the better or check them out on the
Wea bit balance for life dot com
Wea sports radio 560
You a. M.
Here in the taxi car about that driver central park
You look at me so quesitally I could tell she was in a dog so I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No bug speaks English and I'm on
I went down to my arm and reach where the weather is nice and sunny I walked into a liquor store but a guy there talks real fun I asked him for a pint of fortune be me says
No one to end up what does that mean the butter speaks English and I'm all that cornered
Delhi hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English and I live all you can go back to the
I
came here many years ago my
A.
C.
I don't say much is gross is I said pretty please so get yourself to a classroom quicker American now stop making me say no but I
want to be English.
I'm pretty well here's a fabulous fake or crank facts from Boka here Mr. Roger this letter is to let you know this is the final straw I heard your show as many time and it becomes apparent you develop your on air persona into something that seems very angry and negative toward the neighborhood you a broadcast to back in the days you seem more personable it was upbeat then with topics and local updates of speed trap everyone was happy and we have a
good times maybe you bring back your old bird man or lightning round we was happy and made me smile like a child stop relying on right wings that are out this is a past that won't return stop George from talking this seems to upset you without changes I
won't listen long time listener also misspelled like everything else in this Tanta Rose Cox a hoist rose yeah have a good one for us wow actually that was from Mike and Boka at Mike L. Gallant gifts yeah
phone number got the facts number it's just a joke Mike don't be sending us no more funny crank of taxes okay with all kinds of misspellings we got the marlins and amends exhibition baseball any interest they don't care
1255 it's coming with you like it or not so be prepared put your hand right on that knob now be prepared to twist it fast who should John Kerry pick for his
running mate that's our poll question today 731 votes not too bad John Edwards 254 Bob Graham 127 that's exactly a double isn't it last time I
check okay like I said Edwards 255 Graham 128 Bill Clinton 123 I don't care I'm for Bore 67 9.1% pretty weak pretty Paul free Bush
Meister I don't care period 40 Hillary 37 General Wesley Clark 32 Dick Abhard 22 Bill Richardson 14 Tom Broke
11 and poor Bill Nusseless still sucking wind there in last place he's only got six man that is pretty weak in it
six out of 700 and some odd WQM hello WQM hello
yeah yeah my WQM hello hello Jill that man who just called for fire I hear some George was yeah I guess I
was it I was just waiting for maybe like a little quick follow up 5 6 7 0 5 60 come on you only
got about 15 minutes to go here to ballgame time I know you folks can do it man come up with a great
a stuff pound 560 on the 18 and teen Verizon wireless line WQM hello hello Neil how you doing okay sir
hey I just put my ears on so you might have already gone over this but I heard from some very inside
sources in the FCC that them fines are going to be suspended till after the election how is that possible
well I heard the 12 binds you were talking about that would be put out the week coming down this week
right right are not going to be coming down until after the election because they don't want anybody
looking like a martyr I lifted to the stone show on hold this morning yeah and that's what he started
to show with that he's got two very good inside sources inside the FCC yeah and you know they don't
want the people to find and of course I'm anti bush you know looking like martyrs well I think
I knew that that's great yeah you know I figured you want to hear that that's the only reason I
know all the more reason to kick bush out in November I guess I'm going to both right now but no
bush in my white house and no bush on my women I'm out of here see you come that 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 and teen Verizon well we didn't do that test this morning let's do that tomorrow
okay well Joe was in Austria so we had to do that all right I keep telling Duff about that he's like
move him like that of course Clarence he's busy with sports with ball games you know with all kinds
of odd shaped balls so that would be interesting good news if that happens to be true that they're
going to but I I don't know I'm a little bit dubious about that because Howard seems to be singing a
different tune every day now well last Friday was going to be maybe his last day on the air and his
days are numbered and the finds and Kid Curry told you the finds are coming on this week that's what he
said and now evidently at least according to this last caller finds maybe held off until
election that would be too obvious with it huh WQM hello yes sir hey how you doing long time
listening I really like Bush a lot though I'm a Bush man yeah and that's it that's it WQM hello
hey how you doing sir okay can you could I make a request please maybe it's real short on Friday George
played the weapon of Jesus with a Howard Dean drop can you do that please yeah she no problem no
problem what is that man talking about a little passion play it was just a thing yeah
that's it that's enough wow five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty keep them coming
maybe they're getting better by the second on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Marlon's in the
mess at twelve fifty five after the baseball game you got the hump or his back thank the Lord
that's going to stop it at the American Airlines arena from four to seven he got the Panther
preview at seven seven thirty the Panthers at the American whatever it is the air Canada Center
to play the Leaf 730 tonight and then after the game you got Eddie Cage you on Mark overnight
that's our agenda our schedule we have our homosexual agenda for you speak for yourself WQM hello
not there on line nine QAM hello hey yes sir forgive me and deal for I have sinned yeah yeah
hey listen I have an idea for a billboard for you okay good WQM hello hey I just voted for John
Kerry congratulations to sir and I just want everybody to watch out for the October surprise
whatever that may be they probably have been live in the can already and if they don't watch
out it could be something really nasty now they just got some tall skinny guy that the
that hasn't been shaving for him much later they'll whip him out good luck you pali
five six seven oh five six you don't forget the Florida primary today be sure and vote
twenty thirty times as to me you know get good practice for November the Bushmeister has got only
eight point nine percent sixty seven on our pool I don't care I'm from Bush eight point nine percent
sixty seven how do you like that huh all right maybe that actually means something you think
could be WQM hello yes Neil yes sir how you better put a stand there on follow Neil why don't you
get the jackson there and see what the spins brings around okay we'll see what it brings around okay
I think maybe you're correct them yeah wow Jesse Jackson he running no no
woo heavy duty maybe his love child can be like the she can be running the little lady by
president what you think what drugs numbers five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
AT&T in Verizon wireless line I think it's a racial thing myself WQM hello
WQM hello yeah hello yes sir we have to lead the lives of marijuana man yeah that'll take
care all the problems in Washington DC and yeah man and everywhere all over the world right okay
we'd like to come on yeah my Georgia's got some really good crap for you if you come by the station
about one o'clock no I don't yeah you do I'm looking for it five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty what happened to the good deals used to make out there right next to it's Chuck's on
a corner there four forty one knives do you wrote how do know what you're talking about yeah
huh right by that barber shop WQM hello yeah yeah I'm for Bush but it's a big green leafy
okay good WQM hello yeah sir that's great time Neil and back to you almost
yeah your phone keeps recycling every two minutes uh that hangs up so I gotta keep
keep calling you back I don't know why I keep keep keep your hands busy man
all right anyway um I want to call you that's just something about with all the censorship
going on now I mean I listen to you every day but I'm usually only half the day because I'm a driver
I'm out of the I'm out of the vehicle half the time so uh now what is it has anything coming
down on you if you got a reprimandor or no nothing or anything no no well no but we have not a
letter but we have a statement of policy by the company and we have to watch our P's and Q's man
we have to be because the FCC has just changed the whole ballgame now they just they just change
all the rules in the middle of the game things that we've been able to do for 20 30 years not no more
I realize that yeah and you know a lot of your program is excellent entertainment yeah but um I
just you know I just don't want it to uh feed away because uh you know they take the you know
they don't know they're not gonna allow you to do all your little skits and all that
they're not they're not gonna allow us to do all our little skits we'll do a different little
skits you know what I'm saying all right well we have to think of another form there you go good
like to us pali what was he trying to say little skits I see by the way speaking of that on this
side of the border meaning the side I'm on right now advocates of the same sex rights are probably
gonna brain drain well that's on the US side while their counterparts in Canada are boasting of a gay
game you got that partner since Canada's immigration law was changed in 2002 to recognize same
sex partners for immigration purposes and ever growing number of gay unless being couples have
uprooted migrated especially couples in which one partner is the US citizen and one is not
most heterosexual foreigners and long term relationships with Americans can immigrate legally and
stay with their loved ones by marrying but gay couples don't have that option the same sex wedding
being performed San Francisco do them no good because immigration is a federal concern and the
federal government doesn't of course recognize gay marriages so as gay and lesbian couples from
around the world flock to San Francisco to marry people such as Abby Summer cast their eyes north
the 47-year-old San Francisco resident is making plans to move to Canada with her girlfriend
a six years a Russian in this country and a student visa for us folks planning to take off to
Canada nothing's really changed we still have to go a set summer a business development manager
at a software company no one should have to go through this this country is like going back in time
it's a bunch of Puritans she says I don't want to sound really bitter but I am how well said
this country is like going back in time it's a bunch of freaking Puritans I don't want to sound
bitter she says but I am
hey it's how it how it's been
all right that's all for Neil today the parlance has to play I'm sure Neil doesn't find
going home now two or three sport holes and here it's that close as the rest of us
with five turn off the radio it's far less baseball it's boring and it's
being far less baseball and such a god damn pity design for those who don't like to think
and get excited from recocking the sink it's far less
no one gives a f**k
for get the entertainment the parlance want their payment contractual agreement must be
better first despite the ratings they have to pay the bid and hopefully find an audience
who brains are dead it's far less baseball it's time to make a sandwich far less baseball
I'd rather hear Jim Mendes exciting as the sound of dry paint design for those with trouble
any late it's far less baseball my pistachio smile is one spot open in the real day
you can catch a fun and then miss one no one gives a f**k
catch fun it a little trick off the third baseline a very good one picked up by the third
basement so nice bleeps in there though I mean like with a whole word words as disappears into a hole
you didn't think it's good good bleeps oh it's just the echo it's you know what are you into
the reverb hey listen I couldn't understand a f**king thing he said okay so this relax
we got marlin's in a meds club at a pro 55 maybe and it's too bad we don't have these like
every day you write this morning man you finally hit it right on the head after three hours
a day sounds perfect to me this four hour crap why why do we have to pay this well what kind of
penalty are we paying here huh you were about three hours a day to mad dog is only on two
more more show little dog is on two morning show is on three and believe in that's three too many
as it is is there any other four hour show on the station I mean except any K-1 he's on like
with a ball game list of night when which isn't very often right like yesterday 10 to 2 that's four
hours but of course that's late at night there's no pressure everybody's drunk there is stone out of
their mind there are calling their book he's been out of shape I mean that's what Eddie's doing
but you're right most nights he's he's lucky to be on two and a half hours three hours is plenty is
what I say 10 to one mad dog 1 to 4 the hump 4 to 7 that's what I say sounds great to me let's take a
vote I vote yes yes gosh yeah okay there you go three to zip three zip how is that NHL
draft coming along George I just closed the windows so I don't feel it anymore oh come on you just
got to get with the program bunch of guys that want to win and they're good young team and you know
I'm excited to get there all the Dallas stars sign Lubermere Raukishmer and Tauha's no I was
enough they believe sign Kelly Johansson the Edmonton Orders to rate Goldie Tommy's saddle on the
sixth round picked to avalanche for defenseman Tom Gilbert that nobody ever heard of I just had
wanted to get those old feelings and play hot feet oh you get those little feelings all right nothing
to exciting most they want to names that nobody ever heard of before 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
of rise and Marles line the world champion not just the Marlins the world champion marlins coming
up next then do you have a game last week yeah we did at the same time more or less actually we
were like gone by now on Thursday really it ended now yeah well let me get out of here right now bye
we'll play music w-c-a-m hello
w-c-a-m hello
chill out yes sir
hey pal man I called the immigration service to be on my mother at a legal bitch
nice nice work pali too bad it's not real for real w-c-a-m hello hello yes sir
you had no speaking how you doing okay you got to legalize them that's good to buy
yeah the only way on earth uh-huh they don't make everything calm everything will be great
okay no more worries no more okay see the border pali got some real good crap for I brought back
from Amsterdam w-c-a-m hello yes no speaking how are you I'm doing great hey nir have you seen
you leave him and and really crystal together in the same place same person man well I'll tell you
your people are out of feeling frenzy today what they must have got the good stuff you know oh it's
nice to share I'd head down right over to sweet water when the show is over and find out a real
getting your big uh uh pile of crap I'm going to bond water because I know if I was looking for
big pile of crap it will be in sweet water they know mistake absolutely about it w-c-a-m hello holy
she height w-c-a-m hello
Neil the m-marlings are next marlins will be on in four minutes sir oh let me go kill myself now thank you
okay good don't make a mess w-c-a-m hello Neil yes sir yeah I just want to say George Bush sucks
okay thanks for the bulletin okay George Bush sucks that's the news we just got
anybody wasn't aware that George Bush sucks if you missed the other piece of big news today it was
the big conference 11 o'clock this morning Greg reads orifice Greg and a hammer the Hebrew hammer
hey stop it ironed out when it got there in it out that's a good news thank the Lord for that
now why do we have like a time thing because I'm gonna go up play a little music yeah is it is
exactly up and down 255 is that the music they'll fade us out at 55 more or less well I mean don't
say just how about if I played music it wasn't long enough to go to 55 see you're missing a
whole point that I would fill the breach yeah sure you would love this
this is so perfect man for a marlins baseball in a town where nobody cares champions are not
can we get our money back for those marlins caps we didn't really mean it we just wanted to be
out of bad wagon for a day or two please pretty please and by the way pudge send pudge packing
baby right to Detroit match made in purgatory I hope he braces like an opening day
one last thing to Howard too Howard don't let Barry Jackson and this stuff about your shows not
very Jackson all right I know he's not left because when he's off the air he goes out the boat he said
he doesn't listen to that's not that mojo flat that you're bringing back again shame on you
don't forget Howard Stern 6th of any end of our replacing Moe and Gellie and Joe
you're right you're right are you sure he's getting bleak a lot so I figured we're winning down
leave him out
yeah but wait he's asleep
oh we're fine
doctor
Peter
