And pass and preach like hell!
Call it inside waiting thought.
Why the youth breast is?
Push has the whole Arab world.
Really mad, he's got the whole Arab world.
Really mad, he made the whole Arab world.
Really mad, he's got the whole Arab world.
So mad, those prisoners retreated.
Really bad, they made a strip they did for a photograph.
And all of those soldiers had a laugh that made the whole Arab world so mad.
I forgot the red face that are at the far right.
And our laugh, but now it's nothing.
But it's trapped, the George Bush and his cronies are.
For the crap he made the whole Arab world so mad.
Absolutely.
There's a bunch of grieving widows feeling sad and a lot of little children.
Have no death, this war has turned out.
Really bad, he made the whole Arab world so mad.
Oh, there's the suicide farmer.
Interact with a bunch of game-traces crap.
To his back, to get away the next soldier's honor.
That's 25 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Anyway, we got the numbers coming out.
The trends, the arbitrage from arbitrage at 11.30. Any interest?
No.
Oh, boy.
Look at what's like, huh?
We are.
We are what?
Interested family?
We are family.
Well, this is really mostly on your, uh, neural shoulders.
I'll take it back because it's the, let's say, June, July of August.
Yeah, is that correct?
I reckon.
Yeah, that's what it's going to be.
June, July of August, and we're dropping off a big May from the last trend.
I mean, a huge May when we had an eight point in men.
Oh!
So that's going to disappear.
So if we, if you did really well in August, you, me, and it's, um, if I did really well in August, what ever.
We'll see.
Well, I mean, they're not going to give you any credit if it's good and if it's all bad.
Oh, that little George was on.
He was talking about ass again.
Yeah.
The one you're up late for the other shows that did bad even though we were number one in the last.
But yeah, it was a spread.
It's like a disease.
You spread it around.
Even though we were the hurricanes are like a disease.
I'm not talking about the football team necessarily.
Although they have problem with little girl teams, but, uh, Hurricane Jean.
Now, here's the eight o'clock advisory and a lot of people are starting to get panicked and whipped up into a frenzy because the weather fairies are hyperventilating again.
Baaay, name.
That's them.
The 8 a.m.
And there'll be a new one out at 11 a.m.
And we'll actually be able to put that on here.
See this today is just fine.
The way from where I'm sitting.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
We have time to get in those two breaks in the last half hour without having to like put them on backside by each and we have time to do all the pointed rounds today.
Okay, here's the deal from the National Hurricane Center at 8 a.m.
A hurricane warning is in effect for the Northwestern Bahamas including the Abacos and Rosalind, very islands, Bimini,
and Luthorac, Grand Bahama Island, and new providence.
Hurricane warning means that hurricane conditions are respected in the warning area within the next 24 hours.
A hurricane watch is in effect.
Well, by the way, you people in the lobby waiting for the staff to come in, forget about it.
A hurricane watch is in effect along the east coast of Florida, from Florida City to St. Augustine including Lake Okeechobee.
A hurricane watch means that hurricane conditions are possible in the watch area within the next 36 hours.
Don't panic unless you want to.
A tropical storm warning has been effect for the Central Bahamas including Cat, Steven's Island, the Exumis, Long Island, Rumkay and San Salvador.
Interest elsewhere in the Florida Peninsula should closely monitor the progress of Gene, the old dance and machine.
I guess we'll probably out of place this year, Gene later if we have time, but I doubt it.
Okay, because we got all the vocal brambets to play, and then we got to play Cat, Steven's again, we got the KJ stuff.
It also says here, this is from the National Hurricane Center, which I find most interesting.
We reminded that from sundown tonight until sundown Saturday is Jung Kippur.
Oi! A solemn Jewish holiday, Jung Kippur.
Your Jewish neighbors in the watch and warning areas observing Jung Kippur will not be listening to radios or watching TV.
Yeah, you should live so long. It may not be where the hurricane situation.
So the smart thing to do is like go and get a bag of cheeseburgers from Wendy's and go door to door among all your Jewish Orthodox Jewish neighbors counting on the door saying,
that her or Gene is coming in through the cheeseburgers, the bacon cheeseburgers right at them, and dare them to eat them.
Wait till I have to sundown them.
I don't guarantee you the lead them. Could you turn out a nice bacon cheeseburger? No way.
At 8 o'clock this morning, the center of Hurricane Gene was located in your latitude 26.1 north, longitude 72.0 west, or about 215 miles east of Great Abico Island in the northwestern Bahamas.
Gene is moving toward the west near 8 miles an hour, although for more I'm looking on the infrared radar on there in the loop, the loop, the loop, it looks like it's already starting a little bit of a west northwest even you said that.
Right. But we don't want to say that because the hurricane center don't agree.
They say it's moving toward the west near 8 miles an hour and this motion is expected to continue with some increasing forward speed during the next 24 hours.
This motion could bring the center of Gene near the northwestern Bahamas tomorrow.
Maximum sustained winds there are 100 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Some slow strengthening is possible during the next 24 hours, and otherwise right now it's a CAT 2.
They're saying by that time it makes landfall it might be a CAT tree.
Hurricane Force winds extend outward up to 45 miles an hour from the center to a total storm force winds extend outward up to 140 miles.
The estimated minimum central pressure, 969 millivars, which is not super great, but it's still dangerous.
So, let's up to you. The ball is in your court. Do whatever you want to govern yourselves accordingly.
And I'm not going to say it's going to do this. It's going to do that because we just don't know.
But at the present time it looks like the eye might, well I'm not going to say, right? Right, they'll say.
I'm not going to say it is a riddism because that's irresponsible.
And of course you're weather people, many of them are irresponsible. That's why we like good old Don.
No. Because he's rational, he's calm. He doesn't try to move it around with his hand and the hurricane either.
Okay, here's the poor result from yesterday. Who is most blamed for the dolphins? Sorry, ask team.
Now we didn't put the word ask in there because number one, Joyce would have been upset.
Number two, that would have been like a shot. And we don't want to pick on them while they're down. Do it here.
1912 votes. Dave Wonstead. It is the Wonstead era. And obviously most of you are not too pleased with that. It's the Wonstead era.
Right. The Wonstead era is upon you. 647 votes. He wins hands down your pants. I don't give a shmit. Not 396.
They don't care about the freaking dolphins about the NFL, about football, about any of these things or maybe they're friends of another team.
H-2N hyzenge 294. The offensive line 145. I hate the dolphins 124.
Ricky Williams 102 who smoking the newspaper and I was straight at this morning.
Oh, how are David it? And by the way, speaking of Mo.
Kind of like Pauling in the Godfather. I got a look for something else to do.
Well, when you think that there's a... Oh, Paulie won't see him no more.
Kind of something like that. Now he'll be helping me around. He's still going to be doing those great dolphin broadcasps for a girls team.
Let's see. We have a new update here. Oh, that's right. The big news. I don't want to do the little valid.
Okay, let me finish the pool. Know how it David 98. Rich Spillman. The Spillmites are the general manager who doesn't know a football from Mahalava in 98.
J. Feetler 16. He knows his Haleva but that's about it. And AJ touching Feetler the only five. They can't blame him because he's just a punk, you know. They're going to blame him.
Clarence says Hank will be on until 6.30 tonight. The Crow will be on 6.30 to 7.
Now, I'm looking at the schedule. We're getting the game... Well, I see. Because the pregame is at 7 o'clock. They're getting the marlins at the braves.
In fact, last night's loss to the Phillies was at 98. I believe Josh. That's right. Very sad. They're going out on a kind of a sour note here.
But, you know, that was a good season again. There was no reason to be all that this made. And I've said it would be nice for them to make a wild card again for those people who care about baseball, which I don't. But nevertheless.
But they gave it a pretty good run and they just ran out of gas like Stevie Dan. And the marlins at the braves 7.30. So let me... Who cares about that? Anyway, Clarence, you know, the most important thing is the Humper's Back. The Humper's Back. Right up the down the streets, okay. And, Aerova, young Kipper, no less.
Oh, you know what? Well, it's still September. Some time is sundown. Well, I don't know. In other words, Hank, Hank's got to get out there safely. Otherwise he'll turn into like a pumpkin or something.
And we wouldn't want that to happen especially on the first day back. Now what a big pumpkin he could make. You know what? Man, there'd be a lot of honky pack and a whole staff. Anyway, we got very jackass rights of calm today. We got Jim Sarni, rights of calm.
Here's today's poll. I did the poll, right? Yes. All right. Before we do that, we got Olga Cabrina on the Abedant Curtain today. I know a lot of you horny guys out there every day. That's the most important thing on our website, which is unfortunate because we do have some great articles on there. And maybe you might have somebody read them to you someday.
But we have Olga Cabrina with gigantic humongous pair and she's a model. She's a bikini model. She's a magazine model. She made no movie. She didn't do none. Although she maybe make some other kind of a reason. I'm sure that you'd like to get a hold of those. You pay this for what you see there. Right for having a big, big set. Anyway, here's the poll question.
What's your all time favorite Boca Brian comedy bit? We'll try to play as many of them as we can today, which will fill some great time. I think we think. Absolutely. Although I get some good calls too, like a one on line six WQ I am. Hello. Yeah, Niel Bley speaking.
Niel, I love your show. I got a great story for you about your boy George George. The week before you came, the Monday you came back. You had a conversation with George about howard and how they kept stomping on his show. And you could just listen to the fuzz and you could hear it. Right. Right. And George, do you remember that conversation?
George over in kissing your here, your bottom and I called George the week before with the same stuff and George was totally backing the station. And we had was careful. We'll get fined and all that kind of stuff. Right. Well, we would be fine. He's right about that. But we're fine. Oh, we're fine. So let's suppose this like a spy report you're taddling on George grow up. Grow up.
Okay, here's the poll question. What's your all time? Isn't that something to one call I pick up there? It's a guy who's still trying to act like a 10 year old. No, I just I can't. You were gone. George did this and his window that man over podcast over stole another bit from you guy. Yeah, a lot of all right. I bet you that cast and over being under as well. The man dog really quit. I don't think it was that beer thing at all. When you could have cast and over was a man. Can you imagine the stench? Anyway, what's your all time favorite vocal Brian comedy bit? Now I made a little
list to get started here. Now do you add the other ones on here also because I fact I get the whole list Josh there. Let me just take a look. We also put
poker Brian blows for those people with no sense of humor and no taste. Oh, you don't have all of them on there. At all. I'll get a
one. That's because the food showed up. Oh, I see the foods from how he's yes indeed. Thanks to how he's we loved him there on
441 somewhere. Yeah, I think we're going to say we're always reaching for the. I don't think you give them enough credit. I
know we've got all mighty they feed that for as long as I can remember now going back. I don't know. I don't think they
were around when the worst thing was there who used to bring the food all that's right. It was I ran what's his name. Yes,
from Atlantic City. Subzan Hollywood. Maybe to bring a tons of food in the morning and what's his name?
We don't want to see so how he's always brought food into them. But how is his broad and just tons of food and
coarse fad Zach who's over with Joe Rose now on 790 on the ticket which very Jackson seems to be very fond of at
any rate. Zach used to just pay. Oh, I mean, unbelievable and the beast right and then Moved come out and get all indignant.
If some that's for me there. You shouldn't be touching that. That's for me. Get all men out of shape with poor Gilbert. What's
your all time favorite poker Brian comedy bit and there's so many because lately he's been so great. I figure
it's kind of like a little tribute to old chicken neck. Okay, but broker Brian blows for those of you who don't like him and just
those you know, we have nothing but contempt for you, but you got a chance because you're all negative. Those people
Marty Feldman eyes by by Geldy. Moe temple and Geldy Stevens president,
Dumb Schmidt speaking in tongues. We got him weapons of mass destruction, which is a classic for the ages. My
religion is better than your religion. Virgin Mary Nazi party. See you in the showers. Screw us again.
Evonus graduate. Car baby and Cecil's lament. That's a pretty good start. Don't you think? That's a day of good start.
I mean, and the newest that screw us again and see you in the showers. Those are just. They're so good that you just absolutely have to shake your head and amazement.
Say this man must be somewhere in the middle of that very bizarre appearance of his and underneath there above that chicken neck. There must be a brain somewhere.
I'm good to vote for secular humanist pig.
What the hell is that? That's my favorite book of Brian Beth. I don't even I never heard of such a fash. Sure, it's great.
Secular humanist pigs.
I did off it. Can we play it?
Let's find out.
Oh, I forgot all of my personal.
I don't find way for a fair man.
I don't propose my shoes.
I don't wrap the billet. That's from a passing to me.
Oh, and I don't care how good and good business you are.
I don't have this one.
I love you.
Secular humanist pig.
I love you.
Secular humanist pig.
I don't need.
I'll throw.
See, the thing that was almost let it go, and I did you dump it too?
Yeah, I dumped it.
I remember it because there was enough of a mild choice one.
I'm not sure if I'm wrong.
I'm going to shake you down to a big blue.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I've got a very, very Bear.
I'm gonna go to our eyes.
Oh, Ugh!
CAMERA MORLORDING
Carrot OH DIRTY
Carrot
Carrot!
ardaiving the26MM and aroused as too하지各
jewellauer
I'm a big, secular, cool, women and women.
I'm a big, secular, youth and a spirit.
That's what we do.
That's what we do.
Travel, crawl, and tell a model.
That's not.
I'm a big, secular, human and spirit.
I'm a big, secular, human and spirit.
I'm a big, secular, human and spirit.
I'm a big, secular, human and spirit.
Oh my God.
You're right.
I can't just see that up over the weekend and get rid of that one GD that we've had jumped by there.
There should be all upset about that.
And for those of you who are external listeners, you missed some really fantastic farts there
toward the end of the show.
Oh yeah.
Needless to say you didn't hear them, but I get here.
I mean, we heard of the pre-delay and we all get Josh and George and now we get here all the
funding sounds that you have to get bleeped out or those of you who listen to it on the
station, which I can't say that well.
Twenty before 11 at 5, 16 WDQM and right now, Armstrong, Florida, Holmes did once declare
their loss and sell off all remaining O-Fores.
Here are just some of the great deals waiting on you.
An O-4 F-150 pick up just a dollar over in-boys.
New O-4 explorers.
As you pay only a buck over invoice, Rangers, Crown Vic, Tourists and focuses, Focus
focuses.
They're all waiting for you with just a buck over invoice only at Armstrong, Florida,
Holmes did.
Plus Armstrong, Ford offers more value to you, the Royal customers, when you buy your Ford
from Armstrong, Ford you'll still get that exclusive tires and batteries for like program.
That's right.
Tires and batteries, full life.
The value you get at Armstrong, Ford doesn't stop there either because right now you get
a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time, if you're busy putting up the plywood and the shutter and
all that stuff, Armstrong, Ford knows your time is valuable so give them a call at
305-247-5112 and shop right over the phone.
They'll even deliver that new vehicle right to you wherever you're hanging out.
Armstrong, Ford, or Holmes did.
They're locally owned and operated.
They'll treat you like family you love doing business with them and I guarantee you
won't get a better deal on the Ford.
No where, no how.
No bait and switch.
No phone.
It deals just the best treatment going anywhere at Armstrong, Ford, or Holmes did.
307-25 South Fixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web at ArmstrongCars.com.
Drive a little and save big cash on that new Ford only at Armstrong, Ford of Holmes
Day.
It's a key.
It's lucidlety.
On 560-8AM.
Oh were you drugs-packing?
You're.
When we the tele-hazzy-nazzy, oh, you got the money from this daddy.
Oh, and if I said my little daddy, oh, hurry.
We've been in jettin' that scratchy.
Oh, well he's a tele-hazzy-nazzy.
No more tele-hazzy-nazzy.
Oh, he's a president, you son.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win.
He might as well just move right in.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
He has the coldest food.
He was born with nothing's ass.
So look out all you do.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a tele-hazzy-nazzy.
Oh, he'll give our people rights to Wendy.
Oh, why's he the tele-hazzy-nazzy?
Oh, go back to LA.
Well he's a very wealthy dude.
With very fast use, who never paid the suit?
My next year will all be screwed.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Any smart clue in that race against Buddy McCay?
Why do you think they call it Cooper?
Victoria, anyway, give it to our Latin-adventure.
You think they can't take his asses?
Yeah, he's a tele-hazzy-nazzy.
Double-dance-a-way.
Come on, let's do stuff.
Come on, let's go.
Got that under tele-hazzy-nazzy?
We got it under, right away.
Well, even just if it's a great bit,
but even if only just for that line,
why do you think they call it a dooburn-a-tory-one-way?
I mean, who else?
What other chicken echelonistic-erotica-rookies?
Oh my god, it's unbelievable.
Anyway, old Joy Hammer is back.
Now, that headline there, and I realize Jim Sarni
don't write the headlines, but that sounds almost sarcastic to me.
And I say I'm not sure the hopper, okay?
Jim Sarni writes today, Hank Goldberg went into an unhappy fan
on the street last week.
There's no Joy in the afternoon since Goldberg's suspension
to fan-thoedipopter sports soft show host.
Sheerup says Sarni, it's time to smile and laugh again.
Goldberg's vacation finally ended yesterday.
The hopper will be back on the air for this afternoon.
Thank god, man. Thank you.
WQM came to its senses and looked at its foolish suspension.
Oh, I'm circling that.
I'm going to put this up on the wall.
I'm going to put it in tea rooms everywhere.
WQM came to its senses and looked at its foolish suspension.
I just want to work against head Goldberg,
who was suspended for remarks about Marlon's owner, Jeffrey Lourie,
as a marital situation, and its possible impact on the team's finances.
I enjoyed the eight-weeks-off with pay,
but I got a lot to talk about the hopper said.
Goldberg was the highest rated sports show in the market
at WQM's annual manager, Greg Reed,
discussed the situation yesterday.
I clarified for him that I was reporting a story
and I had no accident with anybody Goldberg said.
While Goldberg was gone, 790 ESPN radio,
they dude with Dan La Bastard in the afternoon drive slot,
a show that's hot-heavy with paid ESPN guests.
I'm sure we lost some audience,
but hopefully they'll come back Goldberg said, along with the fun.
My job is to bring back the joy, the hopper said.
And Barry Jackass writes in the anxious hero this morning,
where he's got, he varies it all over the place, man.
I bet he's got three brown bags today, you know what?
Hank Goldberg says the headline,
Goldberg returns to talk radio.
Hank Goldberg's eight-week hiatus is over the long time.
WQM talk show host said he'll be back on here today,
after being reinstated from suspension
during a Thursday lunch meeting with General Manager, Greg Reed.
I didn't know that the hopper ate soot, gee, did you?
We had a cordial conversation said Goldberg,
who was suspended August Tured for comments about Marlon's owner, Jeffrey Lourious,
Marital situation and his potential impact on a stadium deal.
Our understanding is I'm not going to talk about why I was suspended,
Reed wants to put it behind us.
I expressed to him I was disappointed with the length of the suspension
and not knowing what was going on.
I don't want to go back with hard feelings, said the hopper.
Goldberg was vindictive at a QM since 1992, said Reed will not try to restrict what he says,
he didn't ask me to sign anything.
Goldberg's contract expired, and I see we got some very bad information on this
from people around the station, they know something and don't know squat.
I tried to tell you a long time ago that his contract ran to the end of the year,
that's what I've heard, and I was for once in my life right,
his contract expired as December 31,
Reed told him he wants to get to that in a couple of weeks.
Asked if he wants to stay at WQM long term, Goldberg said he doesn't know,
we'll see how it goes, said the hopper.
He returns it for this afternoon, thank the lord.
He's been always on mothballs for the time being,
and preparing course for another disparate dolphin game this weekend.
790, very right, the ESPN radio has proved to be a formidable competitor in WQM.
Now how do we know that?
Have we kissed his head so?
Oh, I see.
The station has had numerous marquee guests including Jimmy's Johnson,
Gary Schiffield, Bud Sealigpat Riley,
Grand Hill and Mark Cuban all on the Dan LaBancher show,
and Dan Reno on Joe Rosas' program.
Miguel pointed out why he's kissing up to them.
And why is he on the Dan LaBancher show?
Oh, that's because Dan LaBancher, of course, is from the hero,
so that, you know, it's an incestuous thing there.
I guarantee you a very great way, I mean, he may cut you off pretty soon,
if he keeps sucking up to Dan LaBancher, all right.
Greg may be talking to Dim Sarni pretty soon, you may be out,
you may be, oh, how about that thing is, O-T-L.
Anyway, he also writes, which I find somewhat amusing,
Channel 10 Sports Stamp Live, which already was in need of major repairs,
received a huge blow this week, when Jim Maddett
resigned as an offshoot of beer gate.
If you missed it, President A. Beer, the sponsor of the program,
was offended, and managed to was drinking Hynac in after the show.
Oh, I thought for sure that we were in.
Hynac, yeah.
Channel 10 asked Maddett to appease the sponsor, and Maddett's quit.
He told him, up your nose with a glass hose.
WPLG very says, there's no business trying to influence what Maddett
does on his own time, and President A. Beer's petty about making an issue of it.
Mandate said he wasn't happy about the direction of the show,
and its overboard attempt to appeal to casual fans,
WPLG has subjected us to a few mindless segments, including a weekly feature,
in which the outcome of the Monday Night Football Game is predicted,
based on what food bull a dog runs to.
Oh, boy, and of course he didn't even mention the fact that
Casper and Overson here, which is not to make anybody barf,
including the dog.
So there's all the business.
Let's see, here's a fact that says Neil.
I fear you may lose some of your younger listeners earlier in your show,
if I'm like most often, we're listening to 103.1 to get the entire
Howard Stern show.
QA in Butcher's the show so much it's un-listenable.
He said it's un-listenable.
And as a double-rammy, 103.1 has a decent contemporary rock format,
better than any format in Miami.
Normally, are we missing your opening, we're hearing some good music.
Well, that's really a bitch, isn't it?
Yeah, well, well, you know what life pays on.
I get paid the same either way.
I appreciate your concern, et cetera, and so on.
But we'll give it ourselves accordingly.
How is the pull coming on the Vokobrium, bitch?
Well, I better get with it.
I got a whole bunch of them to play with you out three hours through.
There's John Kerry, which was not a terrorist haven before the invasion.
You tell him, John.
Anyway, here's the deal.
What's your all-time favorite Vokobrium, bitch?
President Dombstrom at 23, weapons of mass destruction,
which is just a brilliant piece that should be played
at a certain radio station in America, damn them.
Marty Feldman, eyes, eight, Ibonus graduate, seven, my religion,
seven motel of guilty, Stevens five.
Vokobrium blow is five idiots say that.
Five people would absolutely not taste.
Carbivy, V, heaven four.
Speaking in tongues three, bye-bye, goldies got three.
We got them two.
And one for telehassy, Nazi secular, who made his pigs about one.
Cecil's them at one.
Nazi party, one virgin, Mary one.
Scruis again and see when the showers don't have any yet their brain new,
and I guess they're kissing out of that.
Evie, we're both so far.
Now, do you think we, at least people are going to call in with other suggestions?
Because we can scroll through to the DCS.
They'll find out.
WQA, and hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
Is it allowed to put bits that you can no longer play?
Sure.
Absolutely.
How about the restitution song and condolese?
Okay.
No problem.
Okay.
He got the name.
Yeah, he got the name.
Well, this guy knows this stuff.
He's a real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real
Republicans state Assemblyman Jim Tadisco recently told a crowd at a GOP cookout in Saratoga County
But using Heinz Ketchup would benefit Curie's presidential campaign
The Democratic Senator from Massachusetts is married to Teresa Heinz Curie
Whose late husband was an Assembly of the Continent Driant's founder as we all well know
The H.J. Heinz Company co-wind of Tadisco's comments and responded saying
It's Ketchup is a non-partisan kind of an enjoyed by Republicans Democrats and Independence alike
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Well, they don't want to wind up like French fries. It's got a political bent. They don't want to wind up like French fries and friends
They don't want to be toast
The company says Heinz Curie is involved with Heinz funded in Dalmatian foundations
But the company's ketchup not not the company's ketchup business never less to disco says he's a mustard man until the November election
How do you like that? Oh, I sure hope he's not using franches
Wouldn't that be bad
Like a silly
As-wipes. Oh, I thought you haven't got any memo from Joyce yet. So I guess ass wipe is okay
And probably a good idea to every now and then here's some bad news
Well, let's take a few more calls get some more names on a poll WQ. I'm hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Yeah, I agree is a shoot. Okay great WQ. I'm hello
How about a funky FD? Oh, I like that, but that's not him
Oh, it's that no that's a lot of words money Python
Oh, I think I'm okay
We have a couple of taxes
You know suggesting bits that aren't his also I mean, I mean we understand that they would not have no way of knowing for sure
What the deal is and saying what like which ones? Oh
Life through boy, all right
What is there weren't even close to president Bush is open this oh, I don't know for let me forget 11 o'clock
We've got to do it. Can I take a peek at it right now? No, oh man. Look at that mess on the york
I said that's sent you to small mizidium miles around
Even worse than some of those cruise ships Mickey Erison's running
At least the arctic kitchen fire and I don't think anybody got raked it on it all of us in miracle with all the manuals on there one of each your sex
let's see
Gene aiming at Florida. Do we have the 11 o'clock and five? Yeah, there it is nice job. Thank you
Let's see hurricane warnings in effect for the Northwest in Bahamas including the Abacus and Rosalind
Very islands
Divinity elutra and the great Bahama Island and new providence
Hurricane watching effect long the east coast of Florida from Florida City to St. Augustine
Hurricane watch means that hurricane conditions possible in the watch area next to 36 hours
Tropical storm warning and effect for the central Bahamas including cat island. They have zoomers long island
Rom-K and sans Salvador
Interest elsewhere in the Florida peninsula should closely monitor the process of gene
The dancing machine reminded also from some natural sundown a Saturday is a young Kippur
Salam Jewish holiday some of your Jewish neighbors in the watch and warning areas observing young Kippur will be
What well?
Listening to radios are watching TV and may not be aware of these situations. We're not gonna do an up-set them any a trace food
Oh, I can't eat anyway. At a little bit of clock this morning
Center of hurricane gene located in your landitude a lot of it landed to 26.2 north
Longitude 72.4 west or about
290 miles east of great abacoe island moving toward the west at nine miles an hour
Motion expected to continue with a slight increase in forward speed the next 24 hours
This motion could bring the center of gene your north western Bahamas on Saturday maximum sustained winds near 100 miles an hour with higher
Guts some slow strengthening possible during the next 24 hours
Hurricane force Windsor sent outward up to 45 miles from the center tropical storm force winds extend outward up to
250 miles an estimated minimum central pressure is
969 millibars got it got it and
During the break I'm gonna take a puket that's attracting that which is on our website by the way
We're doing a fine job on it and every at five and eleven a.m. and an a p.m. when they change the tracking that we got it on there
Wt. I.m. Miami for Lardia
I'll count a
I'll guest
賈兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒儿儿兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒儿兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒儿兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒儿兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒兒 four
Michael's shopof it used tolines go been though his people taste good.
love it's love,
fresh and j� with both nothing feels good
love it'!
How much time is this huh?
Bye bye唕
Aстав
B록 ner
add
p
No wonder round is for nothing's you
I don't know just a little who's you
Out of hell you're just more close to me than I am
I don't know why I tell you
I don't know why I tell you
I don't know why I tell you
I don't know why I tell you
I don't know why I tell you
I don't know why I tell you
I don't know why I tell you
You all have to be doing the double or triple shots here
I got some fantastic news
The hopper returns it for this afternoon
Till 630 because we don't want to turn them into a good one when the sun goes down
And number two, well I have some good news and bad news
The bad news is that I had a message on my answering machine last night on my voice mail when I came home
The rumors are into me
That's the bad news
The good news is I wasn't here
And that's a good news
Oh you know when we left off the pole
Which I'm shocked that you didn't remember this
Oh, focus on it
Get it on there, Johnny
What if you're a good one?
You didn't just call for focus on it
There's a lot of this place I know
Yeah, we know the wealthy people here
But it's where a royal people are
And that's what I like about Goka
But down there he goes on and has a small
And down where they say, how cool
And every corner has a wall
And that's where I like about Goka
And then 10 grand out of all the world's museums
And the day when George Baker is usually taking these delicacies
That's what I like about Goka
All the dreams and tools are out of control
Now BNW is a belief in pressure and being ruined
That's what I like about Goka
Who'd she built her own churches
When she was making some approaches
If you were clean, let you touch us
And that's what I like about Goka
We really don't care what you think
You see how a dude who doesn't stink
He doesn't stink at all
And that's what I like about Goka
Goka
You know what I think about Goka
The pulpit of the ocean
The ocean Brian's first to dry and hit you know what?
What of?
It certainly was
Oh and then we got to Rick Riley stole my briefcase
So that's on him though
That's his medkagey
A.J.
Get her in a belief
Get her in a way
One of them
One of them
One of those that are crazy people
Do we have a sit-in on a bench and a rail on here?
No we don't
Because that's so that was big for like a year
That would be huge yeah
We're going to be playing like two, three, four of these at a time
Don't forget, on the 30 we got those rating trends come up
Does anybody care at all?
No not really
Those irating trends
I don't think guys are going to be very good on this show
Because we're dropping off with all the difference to you
We're dropping off a huge mayor
So unless you had a gigantic one
Which is possible
You were kicking some serious butt
That's what my debilTool me
Yeah
President Bush speaking of butt has opened a slight lead over Senator John Kerry in Florida
But the race still remains within the margin of error 40 days before the election
According away
CNN USA did a gallup pull release yesterday
Keep in mind the gallup part
Where they like to interview a lot of Republicans and about two Democrats
The poll also found that Republicans in the sunshine state were more enthusiastic about voting this year than Democrats
Now that to me is just how is that possible?
How is that possible?
They screwed you over to first and they stole a freaking election
We've got all this insanity going on lies up the old Yin Yang and oh brother
But voters were overall less optimistic about economic conditions that they were in July before three hurricanes
Better the state and now a fourth
Yesterday's poll in Florida
With the fourth CNN USA did a gallup battleground state poll release this week
Bush also led another three states surveyed Iowa, Nevada and West Virginia
Also yesterday two other poll showed Bush opening a significantly another swing state with Wisconsin
Which went Democratic four years ago that is just shocking to me
Up the terrace
Yeah
Among likely voters surveyed
Among likely voters surveyed in Florida
49% that they supported Bush 46 Kerry and 2% still keep claying to that old cling on Ralph Nader
That is just amazing to me
And even your navel length is more vibrant than Ralph Nader
Among registered voters 47% show Bush 45 Nader
And two for a Nader that's in Florida
Emerging mirror plus or minus four points so it'll be as tight and of course
Unfortunately Nader will be on a ballot in Florida after the state supreme court last week turned out a challenge to his candidacy brought on by the Democrats
Another Florida poll that came out there is it conducted by Quinnipy Act University showed a larger lead for Bush
With registered voters 4941 with Nader at 5%
Oh my God
Wow
And of course it makes sense because I asked about their feelings about the Florida economy
41% of the respondents said it was excellent or good down from 51% in July
And the latest poll 57% of the economy was only fair compared with just 47% in July
So my sense that Bush is got a bigger lead not on it not as in
Blu blu blu
Da
As to say we're more enthusiastic than usual about voting this year
Here's the bizarre news
63% Republican said yes
Compared with just 56% of Democrats
I mean the Democrats it should have been 99 and 910% should be following it from up
It should be clawing at the door to get out to go vote
42% Democrats said they were not more enthusiastic than usual compared with 37% of Republicans who also felt that way
Yaudi yaudi yaudi
Bush is leading Iowa was out co-orcairied in 2000 marked an unwelcome shift for Kerry
The Hawkeye state was where the Massachusetts center revived his Foundering campaign during January's Democratic Christian caucuses
And it consists on that Bush and the polls until the convention in West Virginia Bush had a lead among likely voters
51 to 45 with native getting less than half a 1% among registered voters
It was a 51 for Bush 42 for Kerry and native with 2% and it just goes on in Nevada
Bush 52% of likely voters with Kerry 43 and native with one
Much closer among registered voters with Bush at 48, K-46 and native with two
So obviously there's a whole thing that's been a bit of a getting the hold off baby that's where it's at
And ABC in this poll was constant and Bush with 53, Kerry 43 and native 1% with likely voters
Among registered voters in Wisconsin ABC's poll 50% for Bush 44 and 2% for native
You better wake up there, scary Kerry
Wake up, somebody slap him on the back of the head, okay?
This is actually all common sense
Well, here you go
Oh man, does he tell the like it is or what?
God, that is pretty scary
Okay, so we're gonna play a lot of vocal Brian stuff today so far on the poll
Which it gives us a chance to, especially with all you people out there doing your hurricane stuff
And wondering around again with applied with the shutters
And it must be getting pretty ponderous and old
I'm looking out the window here and it's sunny, it's beautiful man
It is just lovely, they're in a cloud in the sky, there's no rain inside the forecast
Let's see, sunny and like pretty an Indian summer issue today, just like yesterday 29, what's everybody?
83, 84 something like that
sunny and 75 tomorrow, sunny on and 60 on Sunday and sunny and 73 in Toronto on Monday
It looks beautiful, I know it can't stand over like this Toronto weather reports
Because I'm on a touch
Touch this poll, you idiot
And by the way, you're the real reason Mad Dog got off that she was embarrassed to be in the same platform with your fat ass
Anyway, what's your all time favorite vocal Brian comedy bit?
And nobody tell me about Hanks fat ass, mad dog is proud to be on the show with Hanks fat ass
Okay, then I would catch an over
President Amishman 45, Conn, Alisa 25, weapons of mass destruction 22, Ibonic Sgraduate 19
My religion is better near religion
18, Marty Feldman, IEyes, 15, Motable of Gildy Stevens 8, Vocabron blows 8
Eight people got the gall to say that
Pick it on old chicken neck
Bye bye Gildy 7, Tar Baby 5, Spicken and Tongues 4, Tallahatsi Nazi's got three
Sitting on a bench in Del Rey 2, we got him's got appear
One for the rest of the two songs, one for the secular humerus pig that was Georgia's vote
Cecil Vemette won, Nazi party won, the Virgin Mary's got one
The vocal song don't have any?
Oh my god, how we've lost an IOD audience, you know what?
Yeah, wow, and now I've just got one
What's this one on there?
And screw us again and see when the showers don't have any cause they're brand new
You better get with it 194 vote, 11th 13 at QAM
You will see the needle Roger, Sun, Correction, and the plastic begins to show 8am
My life took their card or the ball
He drives my viewer, get she's three feet tall
I went and right was on a no way
I said I'd give you their latest again
So I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey
Waiting for the only place to take me away
Or I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey
With my friend Tyne
The first time I did try to tell him I'm changing
Because the first is always day to day
All they're gonna do is get her tells me to do
The time in high life keep my skin stained
I'm just sitting in, resting my bones
When they ride my wife or me be alone
Or we've got it over and I never win
I just wind up slipping through the wall again
So I sit on a bench in Del Rey
Waiting for the only place to take me away
So I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey
With my friend Tyne
The first time I did try to tell him I'm changing
Because the first time I did try to tell him I'm changing
I just wind up slipping through the wall again
Here, roll, chop, and add a drink
That's you made it by the twingers at the GOP
Then if you made it this time no, then no
Thought you see a cross through us again
That's the cross, the earth, the world, the earth
That's gone, the power, the world, the doubts, got another map
If you vote for this time no, then no
That should be a punch through us again
Oh, come on, do a better shit
This is bad, this is bad, this is bad
We'll try to face him through the dark sea
We'll get it, let us set aside
We don't feel better
We'll get it, let us set aside
Let us treat white captain
Then those shy and the bush
With short of blood
And caught the snow
And my boys with a blue
We'll choose
To rise
The two must kill
I wish it was a part of the battle
Round back, round back, right
And when the same time
Enter your command round
And you're both a part of the round back
And take all the time
Both the same cause
And grab some where it won't matter who
Or when you go like a trick for push through
We did a last fight this time
Don't let up
That should be a punch through us again
Oh, come on, do a better shit
This is bad, this is bad, this is bad
We're gonna try to face him
Speaking of the last eastern round back
So yesterday that congressional lawmakers
Are close to the deal that would significantly raise the maximum
Fine the FCC may impose against broadcasters
And violates its indecency regulations
Oh my god
In particular, brown back said
An amendment offered by Senator Byron Dorgon
To reinstitute the FCC's old media ownership rules
Will likely be dropped
What is reports that legislators
Are now hoping to add the indecency legislation
When upcoming defense spending bill
Which could be signed by president push
Sometime before the end of this year
The Senate and June passed a bill that would
Increase funds as much as
275 grand for the first incident
With a per day maximum penalty of
Three million dollars
The House of Representatives approved
Legislation of raised funds for as much as 500,000 per violation
Both the House and Senate persons
Required the FCC to consider license revocation
For any station that violates the indecency rules three or more times
Three strikes in your out
How do you like that?
How about 80-present-yin dollars each time
How about each time you play a fart sound
45-podrillion dollars sounds reasonable to me
Right
Body of missing ceremony executive found fraud
And you know
This is so perfect
This story, well, that is amusing
I mean, I guess it wasn't to him
Well, the way he did his name
But, uh, it's certainly as famous for their fraud
And good reason some of the stuff is not to
Because nobody don't like ceremony
But I guess in this case they made an exception
There's always one exception
Steve or Severeville, Tennessee
I don't know how you say that
Some bizarre place
Of course, if it's in Tennessee it's got to be bizarre
A place every tired ceremony executive missing since he met with a couple about buying his SUV
Was found dead yesterday
Frozen in a rented storage unit
The couple was arrested much
Federal authorities believe was a bungled car-jacking
James Dale Cochman, 71 of Greenville, South Carolina
Had been missing since September 14
The day he was to meet David Wendell Aedons and Jennifer Annette Holloway
I miss that day
Authorities believe Cochman, there it is again, may have suffocated from duct tape
That Eden's 34 in Holloway 27 used to cover his mouth and autopsy will be performed
The interpretation I have right now is that his death was an accident
Ardrow Clark, special agent in charge of the FBI office in Knoxville for the news conference yesterday
Eden's in Holloway were taken into custody if they were all smoking out in the home in charge of car-jacking
They appeared in federal court yesterday in Knoxville being held by US Marshals
Additional charges for kidnapping and possibly from murder were expected, Clark said
State kidnapping charges rather than South Carolina
Cochman was last seen buying a cup of coffee to convene in Stirner parking lot
Where he was supposed to meet a couple interested in his 1996 GMC Suburban
The Eden's in Holloway gave him a hundred dollar deposit to leave before and where to pay him
The remaining $8400 the next day
In a statement of authorities Holloway said she had Eden's met Cochman, 4th of the
Eden's Suburban, placed duct tape over his mouth and drove directly to their home
When they got there they realized their victim was dead, Clark said in the C.B.R. Bill
Mr. Eden's put him in deep presence of the body to a storage facility, let it be lifted there
We don't know why
Clark said the FBI was able to identify Holloway's cell phone number, track it to C.B.R. Bill
Authorities obtained a search warrant went to the couple's home
Clark said Eden's refused to talk to the authorities who recovered Cochman's Suburban at the home
Holloway had only Mr. Meen arrest for sharply enforced checks and repressed
Eden's criminal history was unknown
Cochman became chairman and chief executive of Cerely's P.Y.A. monarch division 85
Then became chairman of Cerely food service before retiring in 1992 and then moving to the deep freeze
All the other Cerely products, huh? Nobody don't like Cerely
No, it sounds like an accident to me, don't you think?
Must've been
He didn't want to kill him
He just wanted to muzzle up a little bit and then take this suburban
That's all and then of course he just happened to die on him, damn it
I hate when that hatched
He's been in the deep freeze for crying out loud, for Christ's sake
Can I say that? No
For, uh, f*** sake
President Dombchman, man, we're gonna have to play that after the break
And also the even companies that were talking the original one
Let's play that too, the original one, not
Reconz of master's destruction 24, favorite poker brine bit of all time
He bought his graduate 22, my religion is better than your religion 22
Sit on a bench until 18, Marty Feldman, I was 17
So many, I was just unbelievable
Unbelievable, but 251 and of course we got 10 smart answers out there
Bokeh brine blows
You wanna sing to me when you hold me in your watchers
And conclusively, I'm five to six
You're a fan
That my junior honey
So glad
All the heartburn
Every time I see
He's president of f***er
Repel the kids muscle in
And in our table in India
I don't know why
They wouldn't want to stop a 90s
He's just moved to the accordion
With president of f***er
He wants to help us f***er
Oh, what I did to him was not much more small
And get to window voted for
Oh, what I did to him was not much more small
He wants to help us
Don't talk about the kids drumming stupidly
Don't talk about the kids
Don't talk about the kids even
Don't talk about the kids
Who's a fan
Lover than me
He's president of f***er
He's all care wanted to
You got him here by hooker's looks
For the Christmas ride
No one else you would die for
Have no fear
We've got a great leader
With president of f***er
President of f***er
He wants to help us f***er
I'm lying on the edge of him
Oh, what I do
Oh, what I do
Oh, what I do
Oh, what I do
Oh, what I do
Oh, what I do
What I do
You're supposed to respect the leader
He's the never-streeter
You're supposed to be respected
Very much
Pretending to be
I'm focused on that.
My ability to beautify my ability and capture my desire
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Let me turn it through if I have 60 WQM John Kerry just gave a simple, unbelieveable speech in Philadelphia standing ovation after standing ovation when he finished that, Joe Biden was gonna give a little deep throat action there was unbelievable it was rousing I thought he was gonna kiss him right on lips and a little tongue action as well Anyway, no really was and even Bill Schneider on CNN they certainly not see news network said that He didn't talk about his Vietnam service and about his war record would happen 30 years ago They finally found his voice and one of the great things he did was he said he would if he's a president
he's gonna hold these Saudis responsible for funding international terrorism and click a blame we're really belongs as opposed to the Bush moisture and his good buddy bandar Bush and all those schmutz and I do it there
He's just saying that because he's not on their payroll Now here's a fact that you just so I'll need to do the promo here look for the QM van that I'd 79 to hooters and Kendall 79 to night hooters and Kendall stop by to win
crappy cheap prizes that's all we got and enjoy specials on president the imported beer that's in 79 to Kendall hooters and join George tomorrow
new to two of those titles Mitsubishi and Davie go by and see him especially if you're like one of the chronic selected guy with the eyes the fanny pack guy
stop by to win prizes and drink free food from a lighting city subs were our use to make the difference but we don't know who's there now but the food's great
get there early before the employees all hop up the free food and even if you're celebrating on Kippur tomorrow
well you know just think it in your bag in your sack like the pickles at the rest of us this fact you sent me is just so I'm using it so typical of
the soft loader Alex R in the Gable says I love the new line of a certain rush is what more can you ask for the top two
personalities on radio back to back can't beat beat so you think that Alex is a happy camper right well guess what
then he goes on to say something really ridiculous I think both shows can learn from each other I'm sure that I'm sure that
Stern is going to change the show dramatically probably starting on Monday so they can emulate see over the years I've heard
there are these just a certain one of either there is so little relationship between the show and Howard Stern show that it's staggering
isn't pretty good crossover there thank goodness between listeners but but they're not at all the same show very different
which is great because who wants first of all I went to problem we had all sports on this station eighty
hours a day it's all the same thing Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and all of this crap anyway
so he'll I think your stories are very informative but you should read them like Robin reads the news short and simple
give your audience the gist of the story and then discuss it this way you can get through more articles and keep us
interested at the same time this is a merit and don't forget about the average attention span of your listeners
let me just say this about that as somebody I know would say first of all I don't read the long long stories
that are four five six pages a lot of times I'll say to you I'll read a couple of paragraphs and then say that it's
a long story you'll find it on our website go read it read the whole thing number two I can't imagine like
Marine does column that I read the other day I can't imagine reading just a little part of that and then just
leaving it hanging there well what's the point like a teaser right in it in addition to let me just say this to
you okay I do the show the way I want to do the show this is what makes this show unique there is not another
show in this country that's even anything at all like this show it's not another Howard Stern want to be
it's not another morning zoo show which are 80 million those shows it's a unique show and I am very happy with
the way I do the show I have no problem with what I enjoy it okay good we could copy a four-match is by
taking all the clocks out of the studio and evidently the audience don't seem to be having too much problem because we
continue kicking ass and since he starts out by saying the two top gaudiati can't be beat
then he says is if that isn't enough to make you just scratch your head that hole in your head he says I think you're the
star of the show near every time you play a canned comedy song it takes time away from you is there really need for
those terminal comma inducing I think you might mean coma Alex coma inducing some parties after each break again
likes to show what he likes about it I have no idea what he wants he wants me to be Robin Quivers well I'm not quite
that I was going to say a little bit more bullshit about you know I'm doing the
Roger show not doing the Howard Stern want to be show I'm not doing a Robin Quivers show I'm not doing the
Alex and Coral Gables want to be show by the way something you want to be 12 plus numbers you want me to wait for
the men 18 plus I don't know you can wait for right you guys have already yeah I got the 12 plus how do they
look on paper I haven't actually looked at them I just got the stack why don't you take a little
look at them I mean either see the problem is every time you fax me something that when I print my
stories out I'm going to have to have my printer fix to get new one but every time you fax me something
I get a second blank page remember you used to happen there and when I print something out that
doesn't have an only one to get a fax so every page that you fax me is going to call I mean you
are can still save the paper but it's just going to be pinning yes the 12 plus overall the main
number is down to 10th of a point from a 2 4 to a 2 2 the 12 plus number the 12 plus number
well okay well let's see what that might be because we got this show had a gigantic May in the
afternoon I think had a pretty good May 2 now let me just take a peek the audience isn't interested in
all this technical stuff all mornings might be okay because mornings had a big July when a little
dog was still on and now we get a little just a little touch of the stern myster on there in the
mornings yes we were flat and he was not long enough to have an impact in this particular case
but afternoons are going to be dropping off a pretty damn good May and then we're going to have
all June and a July that you wouldn't wish on a till of a hunt but anyway we'll see yeah just
wait till the men the mail numbers coming in the rest of it later on hey mark says a lot of
bokeh all of hoke brides bits are great however Colonel Glenn still gives me goosebumps due to
content it may be unplayable good job as always yours is mark uh Colonel Glenn yeah it's about
uh him going up into space no but a lot of uh heart sounds in here maybe
so we'll take your word for mark and say no one can hear you fart uh and space no one can hear
yeah well guess what Joyce can hear it if anybody can hear it it's her okay in space at your place
at the old uh crack house wherever Joyce can hear it or just a dual crack he can sniff it
she's like those cancer sniffing dogs why heard robin got that surround have it here but I heard
that it's because we do hear the very essence of the aster and show but that fast really just
amuses me because you can't win on the one hand oh you're just trying to be another Howard's
or you just do the same stuff he is which of course we don't never have or a number two will
gee if you just learn from him I don't want to do a he's show that's why we got he show on the
ear so you can enjoy 85 hours of it every day and we're here to do our little thing afterward okay
we're doing just the fine oh we're fine I'm not making a but I don't just get a life already we
do please I have no life president dumpsmith 65 your favorite polka brine comedy bit conga and
as far as the comedy bits I love him I don't know anybody who doesn't love him and you know it's
it's it's just ridiculous they're great we're not doing a light bulb radio here what am I
gonna do sit here in a pontificate for four hours every day of course not lighten up a little
bit schmuck pucks man why is it that all the crazy people seem to be in the game
oh
I took a call for the finally this is a future be right for me now again get snow jobs
because I don't got no literacy I'm talking like an old me grow if I like thought they
how this way now I can't do nothing but here is it say that's okay change my name to
chute roll drive a douche send the quarter any candlelight I remember when I was
oh well man I'm hanging out I've been developing their bonds
brand the blue ol balance
Lord, He will bar in the song.
If Onix makes me sound funny, Got nothing to do with literacy, now I've got to make more money.
They've a fool, sounds good to me.
I've got plenty of nothing.
If Onix ain't getting me anywhere, Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch,
Steal a purse and pull her hair.
Then I'm gonna take some money, by Ariel and the fridge today.
I remember when I was stealing, All the white man's dogs hanging outside,
The building their boss, found the blues, out of the teeth,
But there was got no job for me.
And I thought, if I could give my love a change now,
I'll have to go and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded,
To dominate people too, with the gas that we sold him
First time a crescentation and the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going
Forget about Korea
There's no fair choice in that thus
Right, Queen is drilling it over and over
It's too hard hit
That iraq has some
Faces of mass destruction
3000 people killed
I'm now forgotten, let's exploit him instead
Hey, there's oil to be counted
Go and after some time too
Plankato Sama, there's no longer pension out
Contained in London, but no one seemed concerned all
From being complacent, believing every word
Of this cartel in administration
That controls my fear through the day
I'm an impulation and the
Right, Queen is drilling it over and over
It's too hard hit
That iraq has some
Faces of mass destruction
Oil
I'm dying on the ramps
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying
We're all suspects now, not the ash drop in sand
I have nothing to hide
Cable partners all are saved
I know media and channel don't ask any reservations
Sounded from Oaxe's panelettes
World of Nile-Layche's
Old regime's must-mall
And hell of virgin and so
With no objection at all
Democracts don't have the ball, and the right
Queen is drilling it over and over
It's too hard, the rain was dead
I rack has some
Wampons of mass destruction
Only I rack has some
Wampons of mass destruction
1150-10-11-6012
Who can run against the mad dog?
I'm returning it for from a hiatus
From a hiatus road in plantation
It's the hopper, Hancock, Brigad 4
Phil 630 when we got the crow
Replay, just for half an hour
I'm sure he can get in all kinds of goofball stuff in a half an hour
Marlon's on deck at 7 and Marlon's at the bridge 735
And then we got Tom Jicca filling in for ready-k tonight
Isn't that appropriate that Hanck comes back today and Tom Jicca's on?
Acted in a Marlon game for ready-k
Don't you see a pearl all there?
No, I forgot to mention
I think that certain powers that be in that place
The ones who are showing up today because they're not putting an apply wood or propending to be
They had to come in and kiss your ass right now
Yeah, you have pulled your pants down to your knees and just bent over
That's how I can see what it feels like
Lips are a foot
I felt like a finger
Boy, I'm telling you they're out of kiss your ass
We're still number one in men and in the summer even though we dropped off their gigantic
We had a five-six, I extrapolated the month in men
I was like, man, don't cut up five to seven
So I'll take your word for it
What? Don't cut a five-seven, I'll take your word
He's wrong, he's wrong, duh
Anyway, but we'll take that, that sounds good
So we're still number one, just barely edged out
A radio mumbees, so
There's still number two, we dropped a little bit from a six-five and a
Keep in mind two things, number one we had a gigantic screen book, we had that big May and number two
This was mostly George in the summer book and it's quite a ball of gray grief and crappy
Gets from certain people in the building, I don't want to mention no names
But the fact that it matters, we were still again for the second year in a row, number one in men
And of course, this isn't before steering really even started, doesn't reflect in here much of anything
You didn't factually the three to seven men
For some bizarre reason, I don't know, back to what I'm getting
I'm bigger pern, I'm faxing what I'm getting
Well, how come they didn't bring you in the three to seven men?
I'm not even reading these things as they bring all my stuff in the machine
Well, somebody's really screwing up big time and I always try to get down
I'll try to get back there, huh?
And not only that, but if you didn't look at the 25th, they didn't come out here there
We can't even listen to that, no
Will you listen to me, please? Will you go to launch George?
Bye
The, um, supposedly, oh yeah, they 25 to 54 persons men and women
Which of course we have no women in our audience
That's third men
And it's mostly sports and their station
That will change with sternon, I'm pretty sure
But we had a 4.2 in the last round and this one a 4.1
So we basically were flattened out, which is a very good sign
Okay, indeed
So we had an okay obvious to look like, not bad at all
And then we get the big goose from the sternleister
We certainly hope and expect in when the September thing comes out
And it'll be the last month of the summer book
I'm a small and bonus money again, baby
Can you smell it?
I can smell it
Man
You, the vendor's parents hangin' out in the sales department, they are
It could be an off day
Yeah, we're sniffin' at the bonus money, baby
So I don't know, I could, I don't even know why have you sent me all of this stuff
Because it's all over the center
I don't know what I'm done with Warren
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Now let me just take a look at the afternoon 2554
I'm sure Alex and the Gabel, oh the audience doesn't care about those rating numbers, Neal
We don't understand it, it's kind of an inside radio thing
You know, Alex, I'll go get your own show, pay puts
Man, is that just amazing to me?
Yeah, you could learn a lot, yeah, you could learn a lot too, okay, about being a human being, good of life
We don't take instruction on this show
3 to 7 p.m. person's 2554 power
Look at that oil, I'm sure
I bet you can Korean Greg our dancing in the hallway man, cheek to cheek
And I wouldn't be surprised if he won one of the beesleases that are picking a banjo while we're doing that dance
Can you see it?
7.1 share, I mean it had been number one all along, person's 25 to 54 and afternoon power 96
But now they're not from a 6 to 3 in a spring to a 6-1 in a life, a friend to a 7.1
They are kicking serious smelly ass, power 96
Top 105 is number two as they always art scenes
Love 94, moving up from 9, I have no idea why, can you tell me why?
Not me, I mean the question is
Why?
With anybody listening to that slush that so-called jazz cap on Glowberry Holocons
4.9, life is number four
They're drop in life, I guess the carpenter is kind of wearing off
The coast is number five, drop in, drop in, drop in, drop in
XDJ, you know what is that?
There's another no-specating lay station?
I'm sure it is
Radio Amlor, another no-specating lay station, they lose me gas station is moving back up again
Lot of Julios in the summer, well they can't afford to go anywhere
And they'd like to go to Cuba but we won't let them
A party radio, well party made a little bounce back, how do you like that?
Did you see that?
Party, yeah
They made a little bit of a move back up, maybe parties on a rebound
That's my opinion, I'm like Disney
Yeah, go have a drink, it lost
A party radio from 15th is tied for 7th in the afternoon
Big continues dropping since during the day
It will continue dropping all along, this is active now
I'm going to be interested to see about the morning if they continue reflecting a kiss
Kiss is a, they're kissing it
That's about it
W-I-O-D, look at that in the afternoon from a 3-2 to a 3-3 there about flat
Did I ever get to Q-I-M yet?
Oh there it is, 2-5-2-5 flat
Now that's not bad because they had to drop it off at Easter month and they had a horrible month so they must have been okay
Okay, in August
Okay
And that's without the hump or no less so it's going to be when he rebonds when we get him back on here today
It's when things are looking up baby at 2am right?
What do I tell you, everything's just fine
Oh we're fine
You are listening to Neil Rogers, it's moving
Come and fight for me
So they got it
It's a state gold scene but you can call me Zelda
Whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute I am in town
It's the 12th of 1 hour
So we're number one, do they make it?
Well you know too, we're about to leave
I've got Christie and the dream was fairy care
Or is that a America duty or what?
They can't see, it was not for me
So they held a big piece like it was
When I met the info of three
I had no idea what I was about to see
Or they were speaking in town
We were talking about the same thing
We were talking about the same thing
This kind of fun
We love to speak out of time
We love to speak in time
They got people in there
My tongue is bleeding from side to side
We love to talk to them
We love to talk to them
We love to talk to them
We love to talk to them
We love to talk to them
We love to talk to them
We love to talk to them
No, no, it will now embrace me
I thought I'd come to the beach
When I first heard her
I was telling her what ever I do
She'll forgive me
Who knows how I speak in time
But that makes me a believer
And I'm having fun
Staying around with my mouth
But I'm speaking in time
But I'm not going to let her go
But it was all about the first of us
We were talking about the last couple of years
Not so close
She's way, way, way, way, and out
Looks like the bigger rose guy
Smells like the body roll bowl
Copper bush and body bells
And I close the rice mouth out
It happened when she was alive
She raised more frivolous clouds
Copper bush and body bells and eyes
Did she miss me?
Hold and cry for me
Did she miss me?
Did she miss me?
Did she miss me?
Hold and cry for me?
So I think why?
No sense in what no boy
Was I keep carrying in a bowl with bowl between her thighs and eyes?
But it's down to nine
She doesn't need just four
As if she always cried
She's ready for when she's four
Copper bush and body bells and eyes
Three days before the launch
And she's more than a thousand years
Far from launch, she'll be reaching back
And she smells like the magic sauce
Not a thing like
Copper bush, we never saw this
But not a thing like
Body bells and eyes
Copper bush and body bells and eyes
Copper bush and body bells and eyes
I'm looking at these numbers now
What's the station that Lexon Luther and Deterian the J.X.
They're on Zeta
Now, because in the morning and men
Let's see, I'm trying to analyze this QI made a 4.0
Which wouldn't bad, although
That's what we took to hit
You want to know why?
What did I tell you?
When you change format, especially with no promotion
These sports people all disappeared
And the stern people were only like, you know, because this only includes maybe just a few days of stern beyond QI am
So they were just discovering it by word of mouth
And how many listeners did we have for stern at that point?
Not too many!
Nobody knew he was on here
So the sports people were vanishing
So we only had like a 3.3 share in men in August
I don't care what does tell you
My numbers are right, though, okay?
Trust me when I tell you, it's sweetheart
Why he's a little bit, by this time, the day his brains are fried anyway from all those of bleep season
Doing it in the morning
Now let's see, big one from a 3.4 in the book
To a 4.0, back down to a 3.9
That's Paul and Ron, that's about all they're going to do
And of course, that's before stern even when we didn't had any impact yet
So like I said, we'll be back to about a 2-share in the next one when the book comes out
Old Paul and ancient Ron
Now Zeta, are you sure that's still a call it is?
Oh my god, look at that!
Oh my god!
That's the Jacksonville Sudo-Cyco Babel
I've only encountered because they went from a 3.6 in the spring to a 3.0
And the last trend made June and July
And then in June July August trend, we just got here
Lex and Luther went to a 2.1
From 9th in a couple of months to 9th
With 100 of their sticky Howard David-sized numbers
Now why are you picking on Mo, man?
You're good buddy, just when you finally made up with him, huh?
Always the little bit, when it was Mojo, when it was Mo and Jo
Now why do you say that you never see him again?
I probably will never see him again
Ooh, what a great thing I thought
I'm no wonder I'm so good-noo
Man, I just trying to think of one that would be
I like what else was there going to look in here
There was something on, oh yeah, and about that era mirror
That's scary America, man, are they kicking ass?
I looked at their website here at america.com
Yeah, I looked at their website
Their rank like, what I said is 487,000
There's something, we're ranked number 71,000 in the daily thing here on Alexa
They change it every day
And this only one little show in one market
And we still do very well on there because we got a great website
Thanks Eric and Josh
But their numbers are, they went from the first money, first money, or they had this huge spike
And it was just from endless interest, and now they're like, no where
They don't even make a ripple, maybe drinking it, but they're not doing it
W-I-N-Z, see it goes to Shoei David Ross and PD Volger and Ronald Fink will think
That if you keep changing the call it is often enough and changing the format every two or three weeks
It's a real recipe for success in this business
Yeah, talk about consistency
Let's see, 6 to 10 a.m. and many team plus on scared america
They went from a point six in the spring, you weigh 0.5 and may June and July to weigh 0.5
At least they're consistent, but they went from time for 26 to time for 28th
I mean, they are a non-factor with the Randy tapes in the morning
W-I-N-Z!
And then in midday with the Randy tapes and Al Franken, let's see how they're doing there
I don't think I've even looked yet, so maybe I'm going to stick my foot weight on my throat
They went from a 1-5 down to a 1-4 and how long did they been on?
When did the scare america go on in Miami?
I don't know
A couple of months ago, right?
A couple of months
At least, that's how you exactly went on
So they've been on there for a while and they're making an impact man
I wish that on kind of a Kimler
And George W
That's pretty amazing
So we got some numbers there and ours were doing just fine
Anyway, in honor of Kipper
And we could have done a poll on this, which I'm sticking to out of that crap
Because that my own opinion is about this
If somebody's paying you to do a job, don't start being a professional, a Catholic, professional Jew
I don't go for that
So Sean Green of the Dodgers, who does this air of the year
Yesterday, carved a middle road between his Jewish faith in this weekend's crucial series
The Dodgers and the Giants by announcing he will play the night
Let's sit out tomorrow to observe you on Kipper
Probably somebody ought to tell him
Well, see the problem is the game tonight starts at 7.15 p.m.
Oh, okay
Tomorrow's game is at 1.10 p.m.
So if he really wanted to be sufficiently Jewish, he'd pass on both
He'd pass over both
He'd pass with the logical question
But he only wants to be a little Jewish
Yes, well, he'd bring in hell probably
I heard he'd say they can cheat for going to be fighting while he's playing that game there
Yeah, in violation of the Kipper
Well, that's just like this, Hurricane looks like it's going to hit Palm Beach County yet
And I'm telling you, it's all Theresa LaCourse called
God is so pissed between Theresa LaPore and the people in cemetery village of Odor for practice
And I'm telling you, if you can, the Lord is really after you
So we're going to run for cover-man
That's why he keeps attacking Palm Beach County
And especially as a reminder
As a real strong reminder now
You know, he keeps trying and trying to get it right in the right spot
With the election coming up from just a few weeks
He missed with the first one, Robert Charlie
And then he missed with Francis
And then Ivan was all over the place
In fact, he was trying to harm with Ivan, he brought it back again
And he still missed because God occasionally has bad aim
You know? So now he's trying to hold Jean
And he had Jean spinning around there like a draital there in the Atlantic was going around in circles
And now, about a bang right at you again, back at you
So let's see, playing one of the two games is most consistent with my beliefs as a Jewish person
Mr. Green told the AP, Sean Green
As playing in San Diego before saying whatever
As to a library, he said, I'm not orthodox, I'm Jewish and respected custom
I feel this is the most consistent way to celebrate the holiday
I feel real good about my decision
And now we're the blinces, is what he said, which I thought was most amusing
I mean, only, you know, the great thing about being Jewish is the dietary stuff
The rest of it's all crap, like all of religions
It's all a bunch of crap
Oh, but it's young capurits, the most holy of holy days
Yeah, right
All of a bunch of crap, man made nonsense
Oh, in its tradition, yes, so it's killing people to do this in the name of religion
Which is what's going on over the world today
You'll love this story, Fox Hunt student voters
This is great from the nation, no less
I'll try to be real brief with this, by the way, I want to get Alice upset there
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Julianna is a caro and Kelly Kraus stuff
They were exercising their civil rights and responsibilities on August 31
When his office is the network of feminist student activities
If University of Arizona and Tucson, they help set up a photo registration drive on the UA Mall, University of Arizona
Imagine a astonishment when the local Fox affiliate news team showed up and lit into the young women
The reporter asked if we knew that we were potentially signing students up to commit felonies
Julianna told me by registering out of state students to vote in Arizona
When Kelly then asserted that Arizona law requires only that those registering we resident in state 29 days before the election
Natalie Tejada, the Fox reporter, insisted it was illegal to register students
On the news that night, student voter registration was the crime du jour
Tejada, well many don't realize that legally students from out of state aren't eligible to vote in Arizona
Because they're considered temporary residents
Chris Rhodes, the Pima County Registrar's office
If they're only here to attend school, their intentions to immediately return to where they came from when school is over
They're not residents to state Arizona for voting for persons and can't register to vote here
Tejada, those comments representing their residency can face a severe punishment
Rhodes, the former Arizona's in Appaldaven
It's a felony offense if you're lying on that forum
Tejada, so how easy is it to get caught?
While starting this past January, all voter applications are cross-checked with the motor vehicles department and social security administration
If they find you're falsifying your residency, you could be prosecuted
At this time we don't know if anybody's ever been indicted, Rhodes is one of the easiest things you can do is avoid all that
Simply go online or pick up the phone, card your home state selection office, ask for an absentee ballot
Anchor, better to be safe on that one, thanks Natalie
Miss guided youth are hardened criminals, they report you to side
When an urgent email from U.A. Professor Laura Briggs about the Fox broadcast flashed across my screen a few days later
I assume that such an egregious example of voter intimidation by proxy
When GOP TV standing in for well, the GOP would be all over the media by the time my next column deadline rolled around so I passed on it
Still, me, is I write three weeks later almost nothing has appeared outside the local press
The silence persisted even after the feminist majority which is spearheaded the students' drivers' front of its get out of her vote campaign
held a press conference to publicize the incident
In those three weeks how many stories have you read be moning the apathy of youth in particular the effectiveness of young women
Too busy shoe shopping and bar hopping to focus on the election
In fact, despite the 1979 Supreme Court ruling affirming their right to vote for the attend school, students often encountered difficulties when they try to exercise their right
The whole story is on our website like I said is fairly long and I don't want to get out of self-sense
Sure, it seems in million Roger's school sessions
How about the same thing?
The story is going on
...
Hey
Just go away, we'll all bet up.
Ellie and the Towers.
Why don't you go home?
Ellie and the Towers.
Go home and reach for someone home.
Maybe or leave me.
I don't want to go back.
I like shopping for free toys better.
I'm going to go home.
You've got your Pokemon t-shirt.
And you're making us here.
You've had your fun, I'll start packing.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can stand in.
Everybody's at a job.
You're above all the Julio's and crackers.
The roof would take up if the bar is down.
Hey hey hey hey, the young comes down here.
Why don't you go home?
Ellie and the Towers.
Go home and reach for someone home.
Ellie and the Towers.
You have to reach green cards.
Can I have one?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Ellie and the Towers are the most adventure you've ever had.
The powers you possess.
Since you saved his life,
your life is alive.
You've got to stop crying at your door.
Where's your brother?
You have a brand new style to.
We love the way you fuck your dudes
With the big D-Handler chest and the bruises I just
We'll make you known to our own brand
Who's with the seed of the sound?
Take the dice straight to hell
When building starts to blow, we kill the enemies that we know
You're crushing the glory with my hand on
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
You have no forget to look for the QM Vant 7
And on a clock tonight at the Hooters in Kindle
Stuff out of when some of our embarrassingly cheap prizes
And enjoy great specials on the present day in Ported Beer
7 o'clock tonight at the Kindle Hooters
And going little George tomorrow and saying
Nice going in the summer, George, you never won
You did a kick ass
Well somebody's got to say it
Great hit
He did
He did
He came in and said nice going George
So he saw me in the house
And said good job
Did he really?
He really did
I am, I could just pee my pants right now
Because I want to remind you of one thing
Break H2
No
I think that this everything is going just fine
I think and of course we got the Stern thing coming
Which is going to send us, it's going to propel us
Now is there a guy on WSJ?
Did you tell me or was Miguel telling me?
Must have been somebody else
No, no, seriously he was telling us about some personality
And it's not in the morning at WSJ
Which is why all of a sudden went through the roof
Because they went from a 5-5 in the spring to a 6-8 in May June in Julio
So in his last train in A3 and number 1 in men in the morning
Whoever this guy is, he must be sensational
Or they got a lot of white diaries one or the other
Because the rest of the day they're like small potatoes
So who is that in the morning on WSJ?
I don't know
He inquires my smart little
Look at the facts from some Julio out there
Some most breathing raised guy
Anyway here's the poll so far, 422
We left off early on Park and early on Gonzalez
Or said just played the latter
Which will play early on Park later
Got it?
Early on Park, early on Gonzalez?
Okay, got those?
See
What's your all-time favorite polka-bron comedy bit?
I'm enjoying this, I don't know about you
But he's so good and it's so there's just so many great ones
He's an artist
He's a genius
He's a chicken-necked bald-heat artist
The genius
It's the noise that I got for
President Dumbestment 83, Condoleezza 74
Which unfortunately we had to play the censored version
But that's just the way the lay of the land is these days
You can't say too much
I was sitting out of bench in Delray 51
Ibanis graduate 36
Weapons have asked a mass destruction, sorry Joyce
Weapons have asked a destruction 35
My religion 34, Moe Temple and Gellie Stevens 20
There's so many of those Moe and Gellie bits
And I, you know
I guess we got to put some other ones on or two, huh?
Which should
Like the Moe and the Ginger reunion
I'm sure we can't play that anymore
I'm partial to poickle veins myself
Oh, we can play that, can we?
We can play that, can we?
We can play that?
Yeah, we can play that
It's the sharpened paper
I don't know what, well he gets raped at the end just cut it off
That's so annoying
Who said he can't get raped?
Joyce, I don't know
Since when?
She didn't tell me that
Okay, well he said he enjoyed it
Moe Temple and Gellie Stevens 20
Marty Feldmanized 20
Bokobrine Blow 16
Which is not the name of the bit by the way
It's just an opinion of a few people out there
Who just are sadly lacking
In sense of humor, any kind of human, anything
Bye bye Gellie 10, car baby 9, restitution song 7, rest in peace
Palasi Nazi 6, speaking in tongue 6, focus on 5
We got him for Virgin Mary 2
Only Georgia's votes for secular human is picked
Only one for Cecil's lament, which haven't played yet
See you in the showers one, Nazi party one
And Scrooze again has got the big, oh!
You believe that?
That was a classic before we ever even played it the first time
Great
You have got to be Volshmet and Meeman
That is just some kind of coming this bunch of crap
It's too new, they don't know it by heart yet
I already played it this way, I'm going to have to play it again
Yeah
What?
No, I really am
Well we're going to just put on a whole pile of stuff here
Underneath the ratings, well you don't want to hear about the ratings, it's a boring stuff
It's only an inside job
Okay
But we're pretty pleased I would say right?
We'll take it, number one
And now that we got the stern thing going man
We are going to end it, we got the Humper back down the camera to our house
We just did a plan with you, okay?
I'll last few months now
We're really going to keep this thing in the gear
And kick some serious stuff
That goes, not only ass right?
Right, you got it
Everything's coming up roses
Speaking of what you were just seeing, except for Joe who's over there on 790
Robert Garmong, Capitol Hill Blue
But that's a good website
And it's not like liberal or conservative
They ripped the hell out of the government
More often know the right than the left because the right's in power right now
In case you have noticed
Government should not control the airwaves
Well, the Super Bowl War draw mouth function is not just a scandal
It's now been ruled a criminal act, the FCC is fined CBS
I have made a dollars for the incident
This is just the beginning of a crackdown
The FCC now calls for the power to regulate cable TV
In addition to broadcast media
Congress is voted to increase by 10 fold the maximum
Finally the FCC may impose from 275 to $275,000
FCC Commissioner Michael Cops is about to be satisfied
Until I see it said one or two pieces for a license revocation
In this headlong rush to expand the government's authority over the media
You know what is paused to consider whether the government should have such authority in a first place?
You know what is noticed that the very existence of the FCC is a flagwin violation of the right to free speech
Throughout history the norm was tyranny over the mind
People were allowed to speak only by government imprimant
To until the Americas first amendment established freedom of speech
Is a central premise of our nation
The first amendment declares the Congress shall make no law
Aburging the freedom of speech or of the press
This language could not be clear or more absolute
No matter who disagrees with the or considers your speech offensive
The government may not abrid your right to say it
Free speech protects the rational mind and its literary intellectual and scientific products
It means the absolute right to express one's views
So long as one does not violate the rights of others
Free speech means no Americans should fear the fate of Galileo
Persecuted for their inner assert scientific truths
That contradict the official church documents
No the fate of Socrates put in it for offending the state
Yet the FCC exists to dictate one can be what can be said on the year
Since the early days of radio every broadcast station has been allowed only to exist if it applies to the FCC for permission to use the airwaves
In exchange for their licenses broadcasts must promise to serve the public interest
Stations that the FCC regards as having failed to do so can be fine or even shut down at the FCC sold expression
The punitive justification for the FCC's regulation of broadcasts is that their ways are public property
But just as the government does not own and so has no legitimate control over the presses of the New York Times
So it has no business regulating what may be broadcast over the airwaves
The airwaves which would be useless without the transmission that works created by radio and TV stations
Along to the individuals and companies that developed them
Broadcasters should not have to plead to authorities for annual licenses any more than a house owner
Should have to get any license to use the property
No other media in America are subjected to such persecution
If the New York Times or Barnes and Noble Publishers content that some of the public disapproves of
The government could not threaten them with fines rather than at least but let Howard Stern offendell is
Nearing clear channels handed with more than a million dollars and fines
So far only indecency has been targeted by the FCC crackdown but politicians on both sides of the aisle have begun whispering demands to censor PBS or the Fox New Channel
On grounds that their alleged biases violate the public interest
Both the liberals with their political correctness and the conservatives with their puritanical religious ethics
claim to speak for the public interest
Can it be long before the two sides begin the battle over which ideas and values Americans are allowed to see and hear expressed on air?
As the FCC wields its club ever more fiercely, broadcasters are running scared
No kidding. Clear channels cancelled a chock-chock programs
Skettish station managers have bleaked out such words as Euroneid, Dam and Orgy from the Rush Limbaugh program
Most ominous, the National Association of Broadcasters can be named some of the responsible program
To define industry-wide standards of self-sensorship
America responded on freedom of speech on the right responsibility of the individual to decide what to say and what to listen to
It in the name of protecting ourselves from being offended and almost without noticing it
We're well on the way to surrendering that crucial right to the control of the omnipotent states
As sure as Lincoln, Neil Rogers
And it's Christmas and the rest of the day AM
It's day-all in Miami Town
You've heard as 5-6-0 WQ-A-S
All right
Hey, stupid
Thank you all for letting out your hot and useless friend
Those in the opal's you've covered as people you're afraid
So do the validity now
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
Take this and get by the storm in the past
You can't even touch anyone
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
If you're not very close, it will be Christmas
And what you say, I'll be able to consider a kid
So what the credit is now
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
If you think that's a good thing, we won't
Tell us you can't say that
Get a naked scream
Which let princes ignore the storm
For the FTC
We fight you okay
And take your life as a rainbow
If that's all I know to be your birthday boy
Or I could have my radio to be destroyed
So just look so down
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
You can't even touch anyone
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
The worst police in all the fashion market
The worst police in all the fashion market
The worst police in all the fashion market
The worst police in all the fashion market
The worst police in all the fashion market
So I think that's one, two, four,
Scientists from all stone research
You've got to watch
One, you say you better or else
You're a bad man, you're a bad man
The worst police are monetization
And they sell the same money
So I'm a bad...
I'm a bad man, I'm a bad man
And I'm a bad man, I am a bad man
And I'm a bad man
You cannot read this
I hear my own units advanced
And you can get tewartamos
Vaccine wing
By the power that's gonna be in our Lord God's words
The federal business is amazing
That's not wrong, that's not the power
The land they want the best I know
The land they want the best I know
The land they want my single right
And the land they want the best
The land they want the best
Oh, I think
The land they want the best
They say they want to say happy you're in Kipper
It's the day of a tommons you want to fast and be
If you're gonna fast you're gonna be unhappy right?
I want to go out and eat daily
But not kosher daily, whether we trade
And I will
Anyway some clearing omissions
I'm scrolling up and down in the DCS here
How about Queer Street?
Oh
Right or so
Play that
How about Ramadan?
Yeah
And how about the
10 USA
Right
Or the God
USA
How about you look at it?
It God bless US
God bless
God bless
Let's get those on there right away if not sooner
Jacksonville where a lot of strange things happen
In fact that Hurricane Gene
Looks like it's gonna come on shore like
I don't know somewhere Palm Beach County
Hopefully north of there
I mean where nobody lives hopefully
But that won't happen
And then just zip right up to Jacksonville
And then right along the coast up to the South Carolina
You notice God keeps aiming at certain people
And until he gets and they're gonna keep coming back at you
I didn't I don't want you to nervous
But he's got certain folks in mind
Teresa
Three students at Jacksonville University have been
Punished for installing a stripper pole
In an on-campus apartment
And taking pictures as fully close women
Performed on it at a party
A female male student
And what a dance contest was also disciplined
About a dozen women competed
For a $100 victorious secret gift certificate
September 11th
Say James Foster
Oh on 9-11-11
Less how unpaid periodic
Say James Foster a 20-year-old
Who hosted the party
None of the women disrobed
The men brought the steel
They bought the pole from Home Depot
Volta to the concrete ceiling
An attached to bottom will reply would stage
Covered in red felt
And said hey girls can that be felt
Honestly we just wanted to say we had a stripper pole Foster
We never actually expected girls to dance on it
And you guys out there expect girls to dance on your pole
Well forget about that
In University officials ordered the men to remove the pole
They complied but not before building a huge party around it
Signs meaning pole dancers wanted
Were posted around campus
And the men bought large quantities of beer
Friends were listed to check IDs
And manage security
They charged five bucks for men women were let in for free
Of course
The party ended shortly after the beer ran out
That's a surprise
It's a jade
John day and probably after the beer ran out
The women too
John David Jr.
A school spokesman said
The party's hosts may have violated the university's booze policy
And broker rules against indecent behavior
And the making of unapproved changes to university property
Don't be a drill in your pole in the university floors
Okay
They said in school privacy rules without an ed by the students of the punishment they received
But he said the university took this very seriously
And the punishment was appropriate
Well you can only imagine what they stuck that pole after they found that
Punishment that the university can range from reprimanded
This missile foster city was put on residential probation through November 9
And it had to write a letter of apology
They said he later learned the woman who won the dance contest
Was also disciplined but wouldn't say what her punishment was
There was no public nudity involved here
He said residential advisor. Oh yeah, those pin the ass arrays
Residential advisor Amber Davis said the party degraded women
What an uptight bitch. How about you she knows Joyce
There are other ways they can go out and get a girlfriend if that's what they want
She said the men have taken down the pool convert the states to a ping pong table
So they're back and involved back and forth with the course
In the commenting and endormatory
They do that at treasurer island all the time
Is that what they do? Oh that's right
That's not about Stephanie Evans
What was it Linda Evans or day 11?
Well, they'll use to like to horse ride a little bit
Another one of them bored again people
She said to and she day 11's a pretty sure
I should gotta be
She said
What's your all-time favorite Bokobron comedy bit?
President Demeshman 94
Condoleez
Condoleez
And 84
Sitting at a bench in Del Rey 60. I'm so glad we remember that you did
Uh, Ibonics graduate 45 weapons of mass destruction 42 my religion 39 Marty Feldman ii's uh 23
Moe Teppel and a gildy Steven's 20 Bokobron blows. That's not a song but an opinion 20
Let her be 12 bye bye gildy 11 the rest of Tucson song nine rest of the Tusion and Peace
Teller has the Nazi seven speaking in tongues seven
Bokasome six I see that back in the day on iod that we're gonna lot more votes
Because the only two things that people wanted to hear were Rick and suds beer is good for you and then book right into the Bokasong
I was it
Virgin Mary for we got him for alien Gonzalez to
Seconder him as pig is got your just both
I'm gonna tell you about my younger sis lament one and don't forget about i like Chinese
I wish I could find that we got it somewhere see when I show I got it
Yeah, he put it on why don't I have done here you took the seal in a shower is one not he probably went on no votes for god
Then don't put God bless you. I say on there. We can put it on the website. Oh my god is this a putz
See he heard what you said and so we put it on. I was making a joke man
But that's not the name of it say that's not the name of a Josh he was just gushing with you
I'll tell him what it really I bet you Josh. He's got a brain the size of it. I know what it really is
I figured don't make him say it put it on there. We can put it on there
We can actually we can still put it on there. We still have freedom of the
We don't have to talk about the tourism and then get someone out of shape about it. No votes yet for god
USA or
Ramadan or queer street really on park or screw us again. I want to cry
The Rogers guys
God bless the USA baby
Back in the day when someone done us wrong
We didn't take their cry
If Pearl Harbor or when the judge dropped their bombs
We found them bad and now the Saudis
They did us hide and on our cars are little flags waiting
At that website loving reached our voice of bombers, the wrong way
He
友
To
I don't want to be a tax-emarracant because USA
What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past
If you want that SUV to dry, you're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world, they train us to believe
And anyone who says that obviously ends up for to be
And I'm embarrassed to be an American where we pay three off, I think, least
When the flag in what has with our hand in the sand, it blindly followed the powers that be
And with that thing...
And I thought the first was done!
Washington State's run news on a 65-inch screen
Sretcher B5, everything's okay
In great USA
Of India
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh my god, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm becoming like
the icon of the vacuum cleaner and without all the space, I also change the colour extinction
I broke in through a bedroom window, and I made them to get my wig.
Now what I did after you was crippled, but I didn't know the new,
as you play full the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me,
and the girl that makes one so bad else is wild.
But so little of the wasp you, that killed him.
And I found out, when he changed me with a knife, why didn't that be scary?
I was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her husband.
And the skin of his probably will go down.
And a American girl, an American guy who only listens to the message from the Uber,
will have their tables offline, as the troops come home dead.
They find the comfort of the knife hiding under the bed.
I never served in the army, I'm too afraid to fight.
So I sit right here near the DB far from the world,
I, under the trovers you discover, I'm a big fish.
Who would prefer to have some other view the fighting for play?
Now this country I love is occupied in our back,
and all the summers like me, whose necks are dreading the fact,
have our tongues all placed firmly in bushes deep brown,
I, the big mouth towers of the world, you gladly follow, fly.
Hey young girl, shout out there was great, she's in fire and less,
but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist,
and my flag will fly from the back of my crotch.
I can't idiotic, she'll know victory, I'll take it,
I'll stop what I said.
And my view of old rock work is what I see on block you.
Yeah I'm an art fair warrior, you know it's better than you.
I'm an hybrid jerk, who parrots anything they say,
don't have the readerist or kids so much easier this way,
if you watch TV or looking pictures,
you wish it today, with my, I need kids to advertise this,
and I jiggle my brain, and I go shout out to afraid,
to battle in lists, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist,
and I go to my flight, so I can pull on my,
as long as I use this, I may show the swathe the good that dude on my,
that's the right, the sawdys are our best friends in the world,
not those I racquet or cheers.
I'm a government rich, yeah I'm an art fair warrior,
you know it's better than you.
Well 53 and 560, but I was quite admittedly there,
but we got to get them all in right now, I have it here as we can.
Armed care warrior, somebody reminded us for that right,
get that on the pole right away, armed care warrior, got it?
Yeah, it is brilliant, they're all brilliant.
Sheriff Raid's home of Jackson personal assistant,
authorities rated the home of Michael Jackson's personal assistant,
September 15, a newly released court document reveals.
The edited document shows that Jackson's defense team filed an emergency application with the court,
seeking to have all the adamacies in the raid by Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Investigators placed under seal.
Santa Barbara Superior Court Judge Rodney S. Melville,
no relation to Herman, granted the defense teams request.
There was a second raid by prosecutors that the defenses protested.
The raid indicated that investigators apparently remain active in their hunt for evidence in the Jackson Child Modestation case.
The application to place the seized items under seal was filed with the court September 16,
and was one of the matters heard by Melville during the defense only hearing the next day.
In the document, Jackson defends it for the Robert Sanger described the pop stars' assistance being someone who maintains Mr. Jackson's
personal papers and files, and probably underwears a bunch of other things too, right?
Yeah, and keep it warm in all of these things.
Anyway, that goes on. Let's get that over with.
I'll move on to some more important things, right?
Right, like Scott Lacey Peterson.
There you go, like Nancy Gray said, how many more times do we have to see her this week?
Oh my God, what is Spies Deathbitch? Man, she is just,
how would you like to have to wake up next to that bitch?
Oh, good, thank you. I'd rather have a tea with her.
Man, I think you'd probably rather wake up next to Susan Smith in the car.
Right. Bush rubs off bad poles on a rack outlook.
Well, he's just got a nice outlook unlike you know it.
President Bush yesterday shrubbed off poles that suggest most Iraqi-seam Americans as occupiers and not liberators.
I saw a pole that said the right track wrong track in Iraq was better than here in America told reporters.
It was pretty darn strong. Bush told a Rose Garden news conference within a room
in a Iraqi-pronistor Iod al-Awa. I mean the people see a better future.
You know, there's other ways to future.
Push her nation.
I see.
The campaign of Bush's Democratic-raveled John Kerry was quick to respond.
He said when he was saying did Bush really just say this?
Kerry campaigned spokesman Joe Lockhart said Bush must be unhinged from reality.
This sudden poles are gistening that there are more Iraqis who feel their countries on the right track than there are Americans who feel the same about the US.
Bush didn't indicate what survey he was referring to,
but White House aides headed to pole in Iraq conducted in late August that indicated that some 51% of Iraqis were surveyed felt their country was headed in the right direction up slightly from May and June.
Bush had been asked earlier about poles, including one taken by coalition provisional authority.
The US organized panel at oversaw the Iraqi government before last June's transfer of authority.
That showed a majority of Iraqis were unhappy with US policy and one of the Americans to leave.
Iraqi opinions have changed since the turnover because now they have got a Iraqi leadership.
Prime Minister Allawi and his cabinet are making decisions on behalf of the Iraqi people Bush said.
I guess he's talking about the ones who are still alive.
Talk to the leader we said I'm not the expert on how the Iraqi people think because I live in America where it's nice and safe and secure, but I talk to this man Bush said there are lots of poles sometimes they show you up and sometimes they show you down as you might remember Bush said with a smile.
Would they smirk or they'd a chimp like smirk.
For the USA and new AP if so if pole showed 45% of those surveyed believe the country was on the right track 52% said this country is on the wrong track not Iraq this country on the wrong track.
To loose like tracks those figures had been worse during the summer but after the UP convention everybody said oh yeah we're fine.
I'm lately they're changing their mind again.
Lockhart the carry spokesman derided Bush's comment he just basically said a country that's dissolving into potential civil war or terrorists that take it over large sex in the country where Americans can no longer secure for major cities that the people over there think better of their country than people here in the USA.
Lockhart said that's what I call unhinged from reality.
You will see some of you are not your business.
Rest of the world is on fire 60.
In the air.
Stab on to two hour.
Hi very.
Hey.
Oh, door, door, door.
Oh, door, door.
Oh, door, door.
Oh, door, door.
I don't know how it's going to be.
It's expected and attention.
All of my own people who will be responsible for a terrible white baby.
All of my people is waiting.
It won't be cause I thank you for what you've read.
It's worth all of my money.
On my arm like a random alley map of luck or what.
I got things on my nose and nobody knows that under my nose I rip empty holes.
But that no means that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are bad you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing shade and show a little blast in next time I'm raking in.
I could go to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want the walk I'm looking like Jones Rivers.
Where am I?
I might have the beats to pack little pre-identum of faith now again aboard the beach.
The reason I dismissed that sleep and fat bastard because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play connoisseur.
There's somebody going over there.
Nobody talks when I rap.
I rap and you talk.
Look at me.
I'm a big step higher than those square.
I'm a big dumb daddy man.
I'm really dead.
I'm fire-ending what I want.
I don't dare.
But believe they make me flip my wig later.
Smelly green hair.
I get fired myself and even happens to the greens.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool of life since good is in Kansas.
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jeans.
Paradise.
Paradise.
And I'm just company's ass in paradise.
Go go go go.
I'll be sure but not the screw gets the one I get the jeans.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants.
How long does it take?
Kill the quad complete.
It was just a little thought.
So what I left this day.
I think that's funny when I left the sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want.
But the man is with loves me.
It is not a small something odd and odd.
But the longest time I wanted you to be my dog.
You are my title.
Now answer it.
How about you?
What do you do?
I'll take no for an answer to that.
But it's not you.
Get out of here.
And I'll take change.
Go go go go go.
Get out.
Go go go go.
Go go go go go.
Get out.
Go go go go go.
Go go go go go.
Go go go go go.
Go go go go go go.
Alright.
Everybody is everybody.
Everybody is all the time.
That's the way of life is always better.
That's the way of life is always better.
That's the only thing I would change in an answer.
In my school.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
Education.
And that's free to walk in from top of no team
105 at 562 W. That's got to be on there everybody hates everybody
Yeah, and a whole bunch of mobs not just pointful veins are you writing these down?
Josh, go ahead pointful veins. That's P-O-I-P-O
Yeah, I'm gonna get this funny right? It's on here?
Just now, that's right.
Opian Anthony
Got it? Yeah.
Howard gets raped.
A lot of these we can't play no more, which is unfortunate.
Mo and Joe?
How's Joe doing? Joe, what is on what is it? SM?
Yes, that's whatever. One of those.
Got Mo and Joe? Yeah.
Watch your back, Zach.
Can we still play that? I think we might be able to still play that.
Or not. I think so.
Well, let's give it a shot.
Let's see that. Let's uh...
Do you see all ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's from Toddie.
Yeah, it's possible to be us.
Watch your back.
And don't forget the Aginger and Moguea Union, which we won't be playing, but got it?
Ginger and Moguea Union?
I got it. I got it. I got it. I got to think about it. I got it.
Stop like getting raped. And then I told you that I'm not raped.
So, yeah, I want to do it. I'm going to have to understand.
I got to wake a little hotter on the gas tube.
Oh, my god.
The roasted guts that go.
And a lot of Pepsi producers.
Thanks Nicholas Zach!
And you won't wait for low no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
Mike, come on, come on!
Well bread, hold up.
Kasut Rabda, I don't understand.
And you can eat from a drop while you're in theке.
Matt Dad made his schedule.
You've got spine quicker than it's all you wish.
And a straightly up badass house
And a straightly up badass house
And a straightly up badass house
And a straightly up badass house
And a straightly up badass house
And a straightly up badass house
And a straightly up badass house
And we actually found another bit we can still play that is amazing
Wow, go right to the end
Yeah, the only place. Put that on the list of how many can we still play it?
Fobby!
Oh, anyways, speaking of the great things that are happening in Iraq which is making the Iraqi people so grateful and very happy
A violent, a virulent form of hepatitis that is especially lethal for pregnant women is broken out
And two of our most troubled districts, Iraqi health ministry officials send interviews here this week
And they warn that a collapse of water in sewage systems in the country is probably at the root of the illnesses
The disease called hepatitis E, not to be confused with hepatitis A, is caused by a virus that is often spread by sewage contaminated drinking water
The official said that their limited ability to test for the virus had already been overwhelmed by the hepatitis outbreak
suggesting that only a fraction of the actual cases have been diagnosed
But in Saudi city of Baghdad, slum that for months has been convulsed by gun battles between local
And militia and American troops
As many as 155 cases have turned up already
And yet another endocasterly deteriorating safety of both water and food in Iraq
The number of reported cases of typhoid fever is up sharply this year
So Dr. Nima S. Abbey, the ministry's director general public health and primary health
The hospitals across the country are also a full of children with severe forms of
Do I dare say it or will Joyce get upset?
Diarrhea!
How do you like that?
Everything's fine in Iraq, why do you keep lying?
The immediate reason for the outbreak in Saudi city and the other city, mom Houddia, appears to be easy to pin down
He said the lack of infrastructure induces families to tap into water means with improvised hoses
He said, citing his own visits to the communities, they then use small electric pumps to bring water to their homes
But in the same communities, sewage either seats from damaged pipes into the ground or runs free in the streets
So through cracks and holes in people's hoses, sewage is sucked in too, becoming mixed with the drinking water and spreading the virus
Sounds very sanitary to me, don't it? Sounds like a lovely place and I'm glad that the people are so proud and pleased
Right? Right
Good ones who are hearing about it on their radio and TV, the ones who still have electric, how many of those are there?
About 30, man!
Maybe we ought to take few calls here because we might be missing out some names for this poll
This is a very strategic poll I would think
Wouldn't you think?
I don't think
I like it
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines
WDQA and hello
Hi, so give me somebody already mentioned this, but how about prison bits?
Not there, that's not a book of Brian
Oh, it's not, I'm sorry
Bob and Tom, sorry, thanks
Okay, see you, Bob, I see you
Prison bits, now let me, did we decide we can't play that anymore? I guess we can't
I guess we can't
Based on more to think, I mean it's four minutes, we've got to be something in there
Mmm, mmm, mmm
All right, well I'll wait a second
They say I love this taboo
Yeah
What?
He said boo
Oh
I'm sorry to get you
They say I love this taboo
He said what we're doing is wrong
But I don't care what they say
It's because my love is so strong
Yeah, I'll listen to it over the weekend and decide
I think it'll take that long to listen
I don't think there's anything wrong with the old prison bits
You?
No, maybe
No, nothing good
There's a damn poll here
Oh, Joyce is gonna be
She's probably half-reventilating right now, don't you dare let them play that, that's the most disgusting idea
Now that's what the Martha Stewart's probably thinking too
Don't forget that QMVM at 7 and 9 tonight and then Hooters and Kendall stuff out of win prizes and enjoy great specials on President the imported beer
Seven o'clock tonight at the Hooters' Kendall and join Little George tomorrow noon to two at Bill Siddler's Mitsubishi and Davy stuff out of win prizes and enjoy a few food from the 90 City subs
And just a lot quick-called him Little George, he's bringing 90 Bell tomorrow to show what a big guy he is
And the water Nazi to a reference right let me QA and Hooters and Neil yes sir
I just have a question for you by man regarding your guidelines everything else
More in terms of how you used to play some bit called a crevitation contest
Right off, forget about that
Wasn't it moving back in the 30s?
Yes it was 1938
Okay, now would that with that by the way the guidelines of the country are set and that's been played for what?
60 years?
You got it man
That's real frightening
Taking us back into the Stone Age
Unbelievable, unbelievable
Great day of life, hope to hear the Havillator
Have a great day
Now you too, don't forget each trade tomorrow whatever you do
You're the king and Neil Roger
Let's go to the last station
QAM
He lives on queer street
Linkers round on queer street
He has a house and garden
I would love to see what happens
Ain't this old and dead is monkey
When in clothes they can look real funky
He has a whiz whiz and knows what to do
He wants to see me
But you
He lives on queer street
Here at the floor we're all the creatures seen
I wonder what they're doing there
He said he likes a job spot
You know you know what I know you
QAM
QAM
He lives on queer street
Linkers round on queer street
He has a house and a house
A ride
Come on over there
Don't look here man
We gonna play a game
She wants to be the living kids that ride
And he finally can be the lead
They take a bunch of two of them
And it was the skills to make it right
They got a bunch of you
She got without the tickets
But you know that you have this kind of job
You know that
She's a she's a pussy
And the man is a pussy
And the man is a pizza
Let's see you hold it
You can hold it
And the man is a pussy
And the guy is gonna fight
Whoеспath
She is a V1
You gonna make a red
And the guy will pamper
And the guy will played
Abb them
Will they be slaves
That's what I do
Cuz they're so hairy
I think about this
We've never been
I try a real good book.
I'm not a professional, I'm a professional.
I can see it by the book.
Book.
Baby, I'm on a stage.
Baby, I'm on a stage.
Baby, I'm on a stage.
Funny everyone is 560 every day.
Gregory and Kross brings us, I don't know if you've noticed,
but Brian North Cross's cone is different than the weather channel's cone.
I don't know if I've ever seen Brian Cross's cone,
nor do I really care to, to be honest with it.
It says Brian's cone droops lower.
To cover all of South Florida, while the weather channel's cone
sweeps in a more northerly direction covering less of South Florida,
can both cones be correct?
Obviously not.
But the weather theory is both Miss North Cross and Miss Kamala,
their cone always seems to be drooping in a downward direction.
It says, we'll history call this the Yom Kippur Hurricane.
That's a big question.
Maybe guys pissed off about that too,
that some of the people are eating bacon cheeseburgers on Yom Kippur.
And also, Gregory says, in any case, happy New Year.
I guess, Greg didn't hear what I said.
Nice week.
I thought I'd hold business.
I thought of, talk to me again on January 1st,
okay, that's when I celebrate New Year.
I'm a dietary jewel.
If you give me some good cheese listed on,
we're gonna get a little pork dock.
Can I say pork?
No.
Sorry.
I don't like pork dock.
I've had many good pork types in a long time.
How about, let's bring Yom Kippur all over to, um,
Poio Tropical.
You get a good pork sandwich.
What do you say?
All right.
Don't get porky about it.
All the way, don't have to go that far.
I think maybe anything trait would be good.
Mm, right.
Bacon, she, a bacon mushroom cheeseburger.
Oh, God, that's not good.
From hearty.
Well, what I started to say is I'm getting a little pork dock
about the fact that screw is again.
I don't care what anybody says.
It has no votes.
I don't think they know what it is yet.
They don't.
We go automatically.
As you may be, I look to you.
It's like a G-O-P.
Then if you've had this time, don't step down.
That keeps me up on screw with the game.
The brother, the brother, that brought the caravan
to the house, got another plan to get through both of this time
of it, though.
That's just the approach.
Who would sit in the home?
From this relationship, this relationship, this relationship,
this relationship, this relationship, this relationship,
this relationship, this relationship, this relationship,
this relationship, this relationship, this relationship,
this relationship, this relationship, this relationship,
this relationship, this relationship, the white people
next.
Those children who got pushed win the blue
and called their spouses pioneered with armed
defeated war,어요 estabildoor.
The tension is thrilled.
You, I, someone abruptly rides out,
The Jew was the hero, the cry was she's a poor little boy
The Jew was the hero, the cry was she's a poor little boy
The Jew was the hero, the cry was she's a poor little boy
I don't want to get that too old, she got a pair of fingers don't know what it is
I can't see her in the showers, I'll play like a boy
It has yet to be a classic
Now I'll give you one that we'll put on the pool, that we cannot play
I can play like a little bit
Yeah there you go, that's it
Yes he is, yeah
He used to be, now he's just kind of more whipped out
We can't play that no more
Maybe you want to explain the Josh, just as Zach moment
He's got it right on the website, okay, it's got him in the same day
Mother, yes he is
That's it, that's as far as I'm going with that
For the next five minutes we can still say it on the website
Hey right, until they get to that too, don't forget
The award police, the Nazis in chief, which includes Republicans and Democrats
URCC, three Republicans, two Democrats, and the Democrats are just as rapid if not more so
Then Adelstein guy and Michael Cops, they need very serious help, the word cops
But they want the cable, they want the internet nice, they want to be able to censor every single word that you hear
And everything you see, everything you smell, every fart you cut, everything you do
They want a censor
And if the fart happens to be, it's smell a little bit off the wrong flavor like a nasty raspberry egg fart
Then you get reported to Joyce
And then, then you'll see what really fear is all about, I bet she enjoys it
She's a crazy person, study finds dogs can smell cancer
Now Robin had that on the Stern show this morning, but it was a long time ago
Plus who cares what they head on, right?
We've always suspected that man's best friend has a special ability to sense when something is wrong with this
But the first experiment to verify that scientifically is demonstrated that dogs are able to smell cancer
Experts say it's unlikely that poochies will become practical partners in cancer detects anytime soon
But that the results of the study by English scientists are promising
They show that when you run from bladder cancer patient who are set out among samples from healthy people
Or those with other diseases, the dogs, ordinary pets were able to identify the cancer you run almost three times more often
And will be expected by chance alone
The issue is now whether or not they can detect cancer because clearly they can
The issue is whether you can set up a system or rather, now let me ask you this, I'm a little bit confused
I mean, are they asking them? I mean, Skippy, which one of these has cancer?
And then he goes running over, this is the one
So I'm saying, yeah, the issue is whether you can set up a system whereby they can communicate
With you, that requires further ingenuity since him, Kolei, professor of medical statistics
And the Imperial College in London was not connected with research but as the owner of a Labrador Retriever
Oh, there's a great dog, two barks means cold in cancer, for example
Is that it? Yeah
I love about cancer of the pro-state cancer three barks
David Neal, a bladder and prostate cancer surgeon
I came with you in the university and said it was plausible that dogs might be able to pick up the set of cancer
Because people with a disease said unique abnormal proteins in their urine
I bet you even Josh Beckett didn't know that
I'm skeptical about whether it'll be implementable but scientifically it should be followed up
So Neal, a spokesman for cancer research UK Britain's Cancer Society
He said it might be that dogs are better than our current machines at picking up abnormal proteins in the urine
One of the dogs picking up, can we get a machine that does the same?
Yadi, all right, it is thought that a dog's sense of smell is generally 10 to 100,000 times better than the humans
Neal, Roger, sense of smell is a pain in the end
Try, you doggy
I'm sorry
Let me tell the sea that we're likely to go forth
They probably have a cycle he knew by the snow
He said, he said, is the one you get now they have only one big tail of life
Don't call me a dog so dumb we got it now they were putting it safe we got it through
We hold the taxes so long we got it where is most of our dreams?
You say my 11 is what they got you to do to me
Can't get any government or own party country to be
You believe what they said is like a dog a dog a dog has been used
A steady sense of the cold is true
For the election of all we got it who should start his game with new dogs?
Let them on your knees you got it
We have a different point of view now we're interested in our lives are true
Five of our kids so dumb, five of our so dumb
Seen you in the snow
Seen you but they get a bunch of you
Here we are and you a soldier who free, where you in a jot
When did they cover us by the sprouts who still feel alive?
But we fail to learn their reputation
You are the only human in what you see as a fossil year.
Where I see you, the shower, you're the tip for you.
You won't need a doubt for your early, simple sensors and key units.
I'm not a fan of it.
144-560-WQM, and the return to the Humber.
A big bit of life Humber.
Humber, Hanko, returns it for after a very bizarre couple of months away.
Anyway, you're going to be embarrassed when I play one here that we forgot.
You're going to say, how in hell could we forget?
How the hell can I get?
Instinct.
How could you?
Galby.
Galby, talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad thing year old girl.
A little sports host, you.
What else are you there for?
Galby, Galby, talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Life can feel un-understand.
You don't sound like a fan.
Remove the rubber bands that show your scrub.
Galby, Galby, Galby.
Galby, your lovely bandit with no money.
Galby, Galby, Galby.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Galby, the sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Because anyone who sounds like that, you're kind of another job.
And they should only take you back when both your baby's dropped.
Galby, Galby.
When you don't grow up, you make us want to grow up.
You feel these sweet people go to broadcasting school.
Your free, you bastard voice makes you sound like a hot dog.
You're a hot dog.
You're a hot dog.
Absolutely.
I'm not that hot dog.
Galby's waiting for a man who is in the empty stomach.
Although he is for him, he's getting paid for nothing.
He's going to get paid.
He's got a little part of his deal.
I wouldn't be a secret.
He's got that in his contract.
He gets paid a few bucks.
During the season, he was broadcasting the games.
There's no going to be any.
I mean, that's not 100% definite.
But it just stood over to promising for any hockey season this year.
And though that most of South Dakota is really worried about that,
what they are worried about, did we get that under guilty?
Yes, South Dakota.
I mean, Josh guilty.
The hurricane, I guess we better do the hurricane stuff.
Because after all, we are keeping our eye on it.
At least you are anyway.
I'm so sorry that I can't be there for this one.
Like I was through franters.
I'm feeling almost like a little bit like I'm missing something.
Like it was, I don't know, like a tumor.
Hurricane Jean continued its way through the North and Bahamas
in a possible landfall and Florida after killing more than 1100 people in Haiti.
Florida is bracing for what may be the fourth hurricane in the world's forecast
is predicted Sunday morning landfall somewhere along the state's east coast.
Oh my God.
The National Hurricane Center said Jean is likely to strengthen into a powerful
category three storm over the weekend, maybe later today.
It's already left major destruction and its wake in Haiti.
International relief workers trying to distribute supplies on Friday were mobbed
by hungry desperate people, many whom said they had eaten since their homes
were destroyed last weekend when Jean was still a proper storm.
Some pro-150 people still are missing in Haiti six days after the storm hit
and the death toll is expected to rise as recovering relief efforts continue.
Jean looked more than 250,000 people homeless in Haiti's Northwest Province.
The days since have been a desperate time of survival.
Without ceremony, mass graves were being filled with both human and animal
carcasses, survivors set up camp on house tops surrounded by contaminated
waters and compromised food supplies.
Getting back to old Jean, Hurricane Jean is now heading toward the Bahamas
at 11 o'clock this morning. The center of the hurricane was 290 miles east
of Great Epical Island Northwestern Bahamas, or Hurricane Warning is in effect.
Jean's top winds held at 100 miles an hour with moving west near 9 miles an hour
with some increase in forward speed expected during the next 24 hours.
Hurricane Force Windsor Stunt Outward Up To Four. In other words,
let's get ready for it again. Okay, I know you're getting tired of it,
but I would be ready. I'd be prepared. Do you know what I'm saying? I'd be doing
things today. And I'll wait until like tomorrow night or then getting up
Sunday morning saying, oh crap. Hurricane Force Windsor Stunt Outward Up To
45 miles from the center and Tropical Storm Force Windsor Stunt Outward Up
to 150 miles, dangerous surf and rip currents caused by large swells
from the hurricane possible along the south eastern Florida coast to center
be seen. As the storm moves closer to Florida, Hurricane watches
been issued along with coast from Florida City to stand Augustine,
including Lake Oki Chobie. The hurricane center noted at sundown
tonight till sundown tomorrow be yom kippur the solom- the Jewish holiday
observance in the watch and warning areas will not be listing the radios
are watching TV. Well, what about the, uh, who else? Who are the other ones that don't?
The, um, other, uh, the amish. That's exactly what I have in mind, right?
They never do. Anyway, right. And they may not be where the hurricane
situations have you have like orthodox do is or amish. Uh, you better go knock on
the door and feed them some cheeseburgers. Do you think the amish eat cheeseburgers?
Uh, they don't have a problem with it. No. For the ones that eat that
vegetarian stuff. Is that the Quakers? I don't know. They make that scrap
old script. What about that stuff? That's head cheese. No, come on.
Jean follows hurricane Charlie in Francis, which hits the Florida peninsula
and Ivan which ponded what we already know that best. So Florida governor
fat assed, he had bushwind in the states to take jeans seriously calling it
a brutal storm. And he ought to know because he's a brutal governor.
Here's people taking their neighbors as a way to help people move away from
the coastline. Yes, we're tired and our sources are stretched. He said adding that
the state has the initial complication of few available hotel rooms because so many
are filled with relief workers. Although there are several tracks that might be
taken by the hurricane currently in category two storm, most of the computer
projection at least at this time have it continuing toward the Florida peninsula.
Max headroom mayfield said the way it looks now. We will indeed have an impact in
Florida. I don't see no way you know how to be getting around that.
We will find a solution. We will ride your morning symbi-ditch and
force a round of clock to fight.
Talk about embarrassing and oversight.
So many started out a regular guy who joined the rectory and made the ultimate
sacrifice and grace in celebration.
Fatherhood to amen.
Funny, holy, and rude.
Fatherhood to altering policy.
As time went by his earthly means, compromise his choice.
He found the way to get really by altering young boys.
Fatherhood to amen.
Fatherhood to altering policy.
He was happy to get to he got caught by some title sale.
Then the Vatican saved everyone off and he didn't have to go to jail.
Fatherhood to amen.
But only to alter.
Fatherhood to altering policy.
Amen.
They sent him to a three-ster tree where they can you flecked and trade.
If it was you or it was me, they'd lock us up and throw the keys away.
Fatherhood to amen.
But only to alter.
Fatherhood to alter.
Fatherhood to amen.
But only to alter.
Fatherhood to amen.
Ooooo!
Those awful youths in my abbey as Mark, they changed the name to Alien Heart.
Explication is now, and two of five are marked.
That's where the fuck's our angels and elves laugh a roll away.
Until you see the human chain in giant water or rock, where you grab a jong or a wrap.
I take a bucket up to a democracy, down, back south to the youth of town.
Under water and ground and back around, to a corrupt city of town.
The answer they just barked you, never seen.
That people nature of the toilet could clean the sign and autograph.
Like a big shot, maybe yes or?
And then a park here, car.
It's all about how important you feel.
That the rest of the country takes its own baby before it passes your son.
Go down to Alien Heart.
Hey, it's Mark.
Hey, it's Mark.
Hey, it's Mark.
Hey, it's Mark.
Hey, it's Mark.
The answer they just barked you, never seen.
That's where the fuck's our angels and elves laugh.
I think he was gonna be a second, we almost forgot this next one.
Who?
You're good personality, you're a pastella.
Full of the overacto during Mark, known as overacto, is the best, I'm good serious.
Yeah.
Fagus, a poker-brown-biss of your pastella.
She only was seven when she ordered, our true two more coverage before CNN, ignoring the weather and storms to avoid.
Her white trash-footed mother said she died with joy.
She only tried, our final pilot, our final pilot.
He are too young to fly, your never gonna save night.
Now the white trash-footed mother must live through her son, but he's that flying.
Don't seem as much fun, still she says you have to do it for me.
Now help me set up my new white screen TV.
Child pilot, your child pilot.
Your two young to fly, your never, never, never, never.
Come and save night.
No.
What quickly won?
What he is just a crazy chicken echo fool, man, he's unbelievable.
Your favorite all-time poker-brown-bitt, president-dumishment 122 leading the pack, but Kamble-leases right on his ass.
110.
Yeah, name got something to say.
Huh?
That happens all the time.
Sitting on a bench in Del Rey speaking of sitting on your ass 78, Ivana Srage, 154.
Did we put Ivanax, uh, what's the other one?
What I played?
The Ivanax name game?
Yeah.
I don't think we did.
Didn't put that on her.
Let's get that on her.
It's kinda cute.
Ivana Srage, 154.
Weapons of Massachusetts, 1352.
My religion 49.
Marty Feldman, I-28.
Bokobrine Blow is 26.
That's my favorite.
Motable and Gully Stevens 22, Tar Baby 15, the restitution song, Rest in Peace 13.
Bye-bye Gully.
13.
Speaking in Tongues 9, the Bokasong 7, Tell Hassy Nazi 7, the, uh, damn USA's got five.
That's the God bless the USA.
Right.
Virgin Mary 5, then we got him five.
And Scorris again finally got four and a half.
And you're listening to new, new, new Roger's exclusive radio on 5th again.
You can, say, plan.
My religion better than your religion.
My religion better than yours.
Yes, sir.
My religion, what you require, you avoid a lack of fire.
My religion better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion better than yours.
My religion ever takes in your free and racial hate.
My religion better than yours.
All right.
How do you get to get to better than your religion?
My religion better than yours.
What we like about the best type of boys is where the dress, my religion, is better than yours.
But you're gonna get to better than what we're doing.
But we're religion better than yours.
We have a rule we've had before.
We're in private time to best get to better than mine.
We're religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
Super-Hopper us.
We people.
We slaughter pigs and dogs.
We don't smoke.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
We were kings and they killed us.
And they never ever had to kill.
Private religion better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We now endorse her father.
You like overbrushes.
You are just my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
And you can listen.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get some very lots of bikes.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains.
We're mightless living, don't we?
My religion better than yours.
That's a good one.
Don't forget the Hopper returns it for the sacriotone.
Spread the word.
I join the Natsip party.
Spread the word.
I face the college with G-O-T.
Your legs.
And I strongly agree with dragway policies.
So did it.
Won't be common for me.
Bracum.
So I went to the Natsip party.
Invention held in the entire state.
For 9-11 things decided to give their hands a shake.
And dance on the grain of leaving.
Mine comes now.
But who's stuck in this will?
You see you feeling very wounded.
Can't think for yourself.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
The food of the food of the young boy.
The entertainment at the Natsip party was appropriately Christian and wise.
There was native youth and clear channel of fruitly greenwood.
And to be green tea's keys.
I'm watching whole writing now.
And hand-culture as well.
If you don't believe what she's the only one that you should die goes ahead.
Bracum.
Bye bye bye.
Oh, stop.
Show me your broadest hands.
Show me your hands.
Bracum.
Show me your hands.
My hands are full of water.
Let's go get drunk.
Dada, do do do do do.
