Nice car Joe now get your stuff on that payroll baby will really be kicking ass
Troy
Roy
Little Eastern world I will be
Exploded to dumb and people killed with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and
They only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The notes they're totem at the right wing is drilling it over and over and you are hit
That Iraq has some
weapons of master's traction
Three thousand people killed are not forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after
Sentom to Plankato, Samma. There's no longer mention of
Unnamed been lot and but no one seems concerned all
Come be in complacence believe in every word of this cartiless
Administration that controls us by fear for media manipulation and
Wing is drilling it over and over and over to our head
Weapons of master's traction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
We're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide
Table talkers all are saying line obedient cattle don't have any
Reservations out of provoke battle and world annihilation
Old regime must fall in how to virgin and skull with no objection at all
Crackdown have the ball and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over
Rain was it I rack has some
weapons of master's traction
Oh
Only I rack has some
Weapons of master's traction
10 on three
May number 12 before we get to the latest grotesque episode
It's just a series of grotesque episodes one after another ain't it?
Isn't that what's going on the grotesque episode?
Dessert of the day do sure that's correct
Here's the results the yesterday's pool and some people are gonna say when I announce today's pool
You're doing the same thing you did yesterday. No, we're not yeah, no, whatever it's different though
It is different. It's the moment we should have done yesterday because this was like looking for needle in a haystack
All the way ahead damn near 17 and red blood darn near 1700 votes gosh dang careful
Hey, listen, you're a good one to talk
Who's the most honest politician in the USA? That's what we ask yesterday and
They're all crooks five hundred and thirty eight was the winner by hands down 32% of you think that they're all crooks and you're right
Jimmy Carter 257 see the difference being honest as opposed to being like good or somebody really admired or liked
I mean honest is fine, but honest is not always good right how are you?
Jimmy Carter 257 he was a disaster. He was the master of disaster week who's running in the third race driven by buddy Gilmour at
Younghurst tonight
Jesse Ventura 222 votes John McCain 169 and George W. Bush
102 6% say W is the most honest politician in the USA holy moly holy crap rat man
Bob Graham 91 Dennis Cassin is 69 even when that bad dude
Howard Dean 55 Howard Dean was on the BBC this morning. They were interviewing Howard Dean and sure it said who that
Well, I couldn't say it well sounded like Howard Dean to me. Oh, and guess oh my goodness
Guess it was on Larry King's esteemed panel last night. It was got these panels. We got our panel that I Jewel Lieberman
Oh my god. All I could say was give him off of there get him off my TV
Ralph Nader 36 Rudy Giuliani 33 Charlie Rango 24 Hillary Clinton. She's got 23 that bike John Kerry 17
John Kerry's only got 17 boy holy moly well as they know he lies a lot
Robert Wersler 15 Robert Bertle 11 Jim Jeffers has got 10 Russ Fine gold 10 should done much better than that
They just don't know that cheesehead. They don't know who he is Russ Fine gold. Good man. He made me the only one
It's like really honest to goodness honest and Bill Nelson last and least he's got eight
Out of damn near 17 other votes
Now before we get into that
latest grotesque episode
I'm trying to postpone it as long as possible because there's really not too much to say about it, but nevertheless
Monique Gabriel she's behind the beaded curtain today
On your Rogers calm. I think this could be the best picture we've had on their
Since we started putting pictures on there. I got some more her
Well, this is a dang good one
July 30th 1963 that's her birthday Kansas City, Missouri
Is where she was born, which makes her almost 41
But this picture is obviously from a little ways back right measurements 342435 as penthouse pet in 1982
That's probably when that pictures from like 22 years ago
Believe me you'll like it. Sometimes credited as Lucy Burnett
Lovanna Chasse or Monique
Just playing Monique
Her list of films here man. There must be uh about 30,000
Problem child three fear of a black hat angel eyes 1993. How do I expose to
Miracle beach
Monchi, or we better not say that penthouse satan and lace the body chemistry to evil tunes
976 evil two of the astral factor
Where's that just the air specter uncaged 1991 hard to die
Playboy fantasies to Transylvania twist
Cleo slash Leo
Return to the swamp thing not of this earth that stalker to I mean she it's just amazing amazing women on the moon
At a mixing women on the cockamoon in manual five bag girls four electric blue 34 and five
Oh, let's play that duck drop in now. I'm just a joke
Flash dance
She just played an uncredited stripper in flash dance. How do you like that? Uh-huh didn't even get the
Any credit for airplane through the sequel at 82
Night shift and young doctors in love. She's been all kinds of stuff
And she stark naked as a jabird right there in the oarijers.com of you the over the age of 45 if you have your parents around to write your
Noted permission you can take a quick peek at it
And you will notice when you look at that thing that John asked cross eyes keep rolling around like a pinball machine
He is following you like crazy. In fact, maybe rush is gonna take a peek at it too because he's watching a lot of porn
All these days
Especially no home or ironic porno. We'll give that story a little later. Yeah
Because that's what stimulated all of this
So a factory going on there in Iraq. There's a lot of these images of put on the pole and what is that?
Home or erotic on is done rumsfeld
True levels in Iraq quite a vigorous exchange between the two men
All I can say is that the
division commanders are telling general abysade that's the right number general abysade is telling general mires
It's the right number general mires is telling rumsfeld and president bushings the right number you could be right
Well, but but they all don't think so they're scared to death no, they're not
They look just hearing the death if they asked for more
That's a goal that they asked for more absolutely not
Wow fridge hollings look almost like he was alive
You see that?
No, I did that he's been dead 10 years nobody told him about it anyway speaking of radio
Oh
Error America shuts doors in LA in Chicago. Oh my god
Like that line nine is already ringing WQA in not there. I wonder that was a good call to I can smell it
Huh go call back
Oh, that was going to be a really good call you'll see WQA and hello
Same thing every day. Oh, Erica shuts there. Yeah, same thing from you every day air every single day
We could if the whole rest of the audience just vanish from the face of the earth
He'd still be there
Error America shuts doors in LA in Chicago progress media's liberal talk network officially shut the doors on its Los Angeles and Chicago sales offices yesterday
I'm Monday I take that back error America radio president John Sinton confirmed the closing of both orifices telling R&R
There's no sense in having a local sales operation in a market where we do not control the station
We're seeking standard affiliations in those market right
Well, here's line nine WQA. I'm hello. You want a great call? I'm a good partner. You want a great call? Yeah, we're waiting for it
For me okay
There's our first honest caller of the year change the topic change the topic
Come on
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, WQA. I'm hello. Yeah call from higher. Yeah, hi. Yeah, hello
Hello
Yeah
Oh
What a quick change artist he was oh man, he just ripped off that dress oh yeah
We are seeking standard affiliations of those markets LA in Chicago. We said American
Whatever error America lost its LA in Chicago affiliate slash month following that well publicized dispute with multi-coaster radio broadcasting over
Error America's reported non-payment for least airtime and then they said we didn't do this and they did that and the main time
Their employees aren't getting paid either yet kind of like a Joe Rose deal
So error America and I don't want to say I told you so but you know what I told you so they've got real tourists baby
They got real real heavy-duty problems. I better give you today's pull real quick before we talk about that
head the problem
Forgetting about honesty who is your favorite American politicians? You that should have been the end
We're only doing this for one hour. Don't get all panic in bed out of shape and we're not allowing you to add do it
That's gonna really get him pissed off. Where this little they do
I don't care what they do. I got I got a whole pile of stuff here, baby
I mean I realized that we got to get the whisperer in your four or five times and not it gone and those guys on
Which is fine with me. I don't really give a fine crap anymore, you know
So I always check all those checks showed up at the house yesterday. I don't really care. They're all in the bank already
Bonus checks and pay checks and talent checks and non-talent checks
That's all it's all about right. I'll just crap about well. You're gonna get some really great calls on here
I don't care if we ever got a great call, you know
I'm a word South Florida. We're gonna get a great call in South Florida. No, when the hell's that gonna start?
Here. I'll show you QA. Hello
Morning. Good morning, sir
Two quick things number one with the over-under on Randy being back in town by the kickoff see a football see
Exactly and the other thing you don't have to get a new sounder for the new Brad Pitt movie coming out
Starting hell and look
We already got
Troy
We got it. We're ready. Heddy appalling. Have a great day. See I was a good call
He was good true
Comparing anything else we had so far. He was always fantastic
Forgetting about honesty who's your favorite American politician only one hour of this some realize it's painful
And this is not the same as yesterday towards W. Bush Bill Clinton John Kerry take Kennedy out sharp
And Howard Dean just event to Jimmy Carter Bob Graham Hillary Clinton that is kissin it Charles Wrangold Carl
Levin John McCain Joe Biden or they all suck. That's the pull
Just try adding to it and you'll see how fast Josh types it on there under penalty of debt
In fact, I don't want to like you know
Pile on to this grotesque story we have yesterday
But if you if Josh adds anything on that list we'll turn his head right into a
Seam yeah
Thanks, and you can say see him
So I think based on that suggestion there he probably ain't gonna be adding nothing to it. Are you Josh? No
1013 at 560 WQM. You know, Vulm is TV
But it's not just your regular pedestrian. It's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver
The picture is so clear so superior to regular TV you won't believe it
The qualities like comparing the latest DVD to that old wedding video
Vulm is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV
Vulm's got the most HD TV anywhere as it provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate
HD TV experience including the satellite dish HD receiver and the remote too
And Vulm's got over 30 channels
Of HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition you can reach right in there and scratch Tom Brady right on the ass
That's three times more than you get from cable and they have all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV
Even our local channels as well such as they are
Vulm's got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting for you
Vulm even has exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company
So with Vulm you get everything you've got now plus all these new awesome high definition channels
What's not to like all Vulm today toll free
1 866 848 8666 or visit monowebid Vulm.com for a limited time offer
Which includes free installation no upfront cost and no long-term commitment either
That's 1 866 848 8666 or Vulm.com to start Vulm today offer ends May 31 so get with it
My mind and local here's sports radio 560
You ain't you am
I have my junior honey
Hey, how you doing honey
This is Bill Clinton the president of the United States. So this is my my state of the women's dress
I've known a few girls who thought they were pretty hot
But Bill he's here to tell you that girl you're not
They used to wear makeup and rip away past
But when they looked at me they were under my triumph
So Paula Jones you got a new nose that no man
Well you got the brain
But if you got the touch
Now don't get me wrong
Well I think you're all right
But that won't keep me warm ever mill
Oh tonight
No
That don't impress me much
Let's move along, Joey
I'd like you to remember this one
She had a safe recorder that she kept on her phone
And after she ate steak she would bury the bone
She got herself some life all end up
To me talk
But she still has a way as a hotkin plug
Whoa
She likes me so much special
She likes me so much
So when the trip got some surgery
That don't impress me much
Well you got the brain
But if you got the touch
Now don't get me wrong
Yeah I think you're all right
But that won't keep me warm ever mill
Oh tonight
But that don't impress me much
For you everybody
No, yeah I'm on this next one
A vague chunky girl with a purple right
That name gap dressed nearly put away
Well the secret meetings of my car is no
I could have told Wil Chamberlain
I'm on the hottest score
Whoa
She likes me so much special
Whoa
She likes me so much
So Monica you lost 40 pounds
That don't impress me much
Well you got the brain
But if you got the touch
Now don't get me wrong
Well I think you're all right
But that won't keep me warm ever mill
Oh tonight
And don't impress me much
I've saved the best for last
Well I've tried to cut the brakes on her car
No offense but I think I'd rather sleep with get a star
When she gives birth I think her offspring should hatch
Big old wags and an ass too much
Whoa
She likes me so much
So Hillary you're going to be a son of her from New York
Not no impress me much
Oh
Well you got the brain
But if you got the touch
Now don't get me wrong
I think you're all right
But that won't keep me warm ever mill
Oh tonight
And don't impress me much
Like you
That's what I'm doing
And my side is the women's dress
I'll grab you
10-21 I guess they love you too
Because Van he's going to win this thing hands down this hour
For getting about honesty
And of course only light about was a few jobs
Who's your favorite American politician
Bill Clinton 48
John McCain 10
Nobody's even close to Bubba's ass
Well
Just eventour seven
George W. Bush 6
6
6 stubborn
See here's a guy that not only lied about weapons of ass destruction
And everything else that's going on with his whole arachnus
But set off all these young people to be killed slaughtered
But he's a friend of the six people out there
Still say he's their favorite politician
He's a Christian
Gornish Telfin man
Gornish Telfin with religious fanatics
I'm not talking about Muslims
I'm talking about born again Christians
Orthodox Jews, fanatical, Muslims, all of these things
Crazy religious people start for the redundancy
All of these things
George W. Bush 6, Bob Graham 4, Ted Kennedy
For I voted for Ted man, I loved Ted Kennedy
He is just like I said yesterday
When I see him on the ear there knowing that he's still alive
Just makes me feel like there's a little teeny tiny bit of hope
A glimmer
He's a good guy
Al Sharpton 4
Jimmy Carter 3
I mean let's face it so Rick Sanchez knocked off that guy in front of the stadium here
Who would you rather have to lead us out of the wilderness
Ted Kennedy or Rick Sanchez
And this Ted Kennedy speaks English with a heavy Boston accent
Jimmy Carter 3, John Kerry 2
Dennis Kucin, it's a period Joe Biden 2
Charlie Rangel 1, Howard Dean's got one
Hillary Clinton's got one a big one
And Carl Evington don't have any other first 127
You better hop on that pole right away
One hour only today
Video shows be heading of American captive in Iraq
Oh my god
Now of course you can see the video
If you're real sadist, if you're sick
We're not going to discuss where and how but you can see it online
And I'll kind of link to website post it video
Yesterday I have an American man in Iraq speaking briefly before being
Beheaded by his masked captors
We're going to catch him though
Yeah
Oh yeah we're going to make them pay
Of course they all have masks on and we have no idea what their identity is
Their eras
Muslims
I see it's only a billion of those so that kind of narrows it down
See like Osama we know what he looks like
In fact evidently if these
No if these videotapes are authentic
He hasn't even changed his appearance that's how cocky he is
Right now confident he is that we're never going to find him
Hutspa
He's got some real Hutspa
So we know what he looks like
And we can find him now here's five guys with hoods on
But we're going to get him
That's right
His captors said the US refused to have changed him for prisoners in the obograib prison
The senior US official told
Cable Nazi network he doesn't believe that to be true
The captors also wish you the direct statement to president
Voice the worst is coming and God willing the tough days are still to come
You and your soldiers will regret today that you touch the ground of a rack
In the video the man identifies himself as Nicholas
Burk 26th of Pennsylvania in a shown sitting in an orange jumpsuit
In front of five armed hooded men
The one standing directly behind burglades the statement identifying himself
And then burglars pushed to the floor
Burglars heard screaming as his throat is cut
One of the captors then holds up his severed head
For the mothers and wives of American soldiers
We told you that we offered the US administration to exchange this hostage for some of the
Detainees in the obograib and they refused the hooded man standing behind the American said
Just before they're killing
Coffins will be arriving to you one after the other slaughtered just like this he be saying
White House spokesman Scott McClellan told reporters
This shows the true nature of the enemies they're freed and they have no regard for the lives of innocent men moving in children
As opposed to us who have so much regard for innocent men moving in children
Like the 16,000 innocent Iraqi civilians men moving in children who have died because of our
Racketack because we're going to bring them emancipation by decapitation
And at the Pentagon officials confirmed that a body found a
Narek by an army patrol as the person shown in the beheading video
So they got the body which they're sending home but no head
The website also said the killing had been carried out by
Abu Musab al-Zakawi the leader of an Islam which is not true by the way they said they studied
The voice and the whole deal not him
The leader of an Islamist terrorist group that claimed responsibility for numerous attacks on coalition forces in Iraq
The voice on the tape could not be verified as that of al-Zakawi
A cable Nazi network staffers familiar with his voice said the voice on the tape did not sound at all like him
In the statement the captors referred to the abuse of Iraqi prisoners of hands of US military personnel saying the picture of the son are in the news of the satanic assault on the people of Islamic men and women will not be tolerated
Berk was not a soldier or a civilian employee of the Pentagon the state department said he was a construction communications repair guy
He was over there to make a buck not a good idea not a good idea to be hanging around in Iraq
Well they heard the most they didn't want us over there
Yeah that's right you mean like they're telling us every day to get the hell out
And be now now say to him Chalabi the man hitting the Iraq war car crash crimes criminal tribunal what did you say?
Criminal city yesterday the coalition is considering the possibility of handing Saddam Hussein to the Iraqis for before the June 30th they for sovereignty
But third man they're going to hand him over to him
But Chalabi claimed he was misquoted misunderstood he said there's still a lot of work that defensive attorneys for Saddam will have to do
It's likely would not be the first of the suspects tried they're going to hand him over for the Iraqis to try and oh gee what a be escaped
Would that be something or if he should hang himself in the jail cell right or get struck by lightning
Right or get tortured by some sadistic bitch from trailer park
Yeah 27 past 10 at 560 WQ AM might as well you know I mean what's what's the point what are we going to do what am I going to tell you
Insanity unleashed by a president they unleashed by a bunch of neo-con lunatics maniacs but it's worth it
Show no it's worth it and don't forget if they just wouldn't have flown them planes into those buildings and we wouldn't have to be taking care of all these Iraqis
Oh they did do it oh well at least the gas prices made it worth it
That's correct all that cheap gas that you're paying pretty soon three bucks a gallon for I mean what's not to like
27 after 10 a QM let's face it we've talked until I'm blue in the face about fast rain but I can't make the call for you
If your life is just useless I have no life paycheck is an embarrassment well fast rain making that one call could change all of that
If you have the dedication fast rain can provide you with the necessary training can help you achieve a new high paying computer career
By the end of the summer in just four short months you can be on your way to San Jose by the way to the they stink last night or what
Fast rains got day night and weekend classes and financial assistance for people to qualify
Once you complete your classes fast rain can help you even getting that new computer job
It's really just that easy so if you're sick and tired of being in a life down the road to nowhere
Just pick up the photo make one simple call I can change all of these things call fast rain
Tool free at 1 866 fast train please be sure until the Todd Dreck
To what you call and with seven locations around Florida there's bound to be one nearby you there in Miami
Kindle for a lot of yellow Pember Pines and elsewhere
So check them on the web if you'd like first to get more information about what they'll do for you at fastrain.com
And then make that call I can get you some trains some skills and a big fat paycheck that goes with a real career
Call toll free one 866 fast train
My and local this is 4205 60
Way to A.M.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
So Dale good morning this week I propose a series of new ambitious steps to build on our recent success against prosperity and new jobs
We must continue to turn our backs on America's families and workers and entrepreneurs
We'll put good companies out of business and good people out of work including every farmer rancher and small business owner
In the coming months I will continue to work with Congress to achieve these important measures requiring all states to criminalize productivity, manufacturing and housing construction
And others who move this economy forward. Thank you for listening.
And have a great day
1032 560 WDQM from the current village voice the doctrine of atrocity us against them a traditional institutionalized business
And we will put that into the bottom of my pile I got just tons of stuff here I don't want to do a lot of reading today
Do I have just a whole pile of stuff
I mean that of course interferes with a lot of those great calls like this one online 3 QAM
This tribunal is a joe of Neil
Yeah
You know why?
I'm listening
Well basically a tribunal
Yeah the tribunal against the soldiers for the tribunal
You know the hearings?
Of those terrorists?
Yes, the hearings
So it's okay for them to cut people's heads off and mutilate people but a few pictures and you know what I'm saying
Who said it was okay for them to cut people's heads off and hate them?
I never heard anybody hold on us again I never hear anybody hold them accountable for the grotesque acts as their own
Oh you're a crazy person man it's all everybody's screaming about the last 24 hours but a bunch of barbarians they are
Nobody holds them accountable it's okay for them to do that but if we just you know
So in other words we should act like they should that's what you're trying to say
Let's see if we can who can outbar bear the other guy okay
We'll show you people a thing or two we're gonna poke your eyes out we're gonna stick a candle product up your ass
And then we're gonna turn the juice on for those wires that you're holding in your hands
And knock you off that little thimble that we got you standing on
Doing that balancing act you simple to new idiot
Grow up okay get a freaking life I have no life
You're simple to new then
What the hell were we doing there in the first place and what are we doing there right now okay
In June 30th can't come fast enough and what the hell were gonna do on June 30th and who were giving the keys to on June 30th
Ahmed Shalabi and as much of thieves and crooks Ali Baba and the 40th thieves
What the hell are you kidding man?
Everything here is based on a lie all of these lives that are just being tossed down the toilet
Like they weren't even existed. It's all because of lies
And you're right about the one thing this is the tribunal the hearings are just a dog and pony show
It's just a chance for a bunch of self-grandizing
Pantificators to sit up there and puff their chest up but I will but I will but about that's all it is
Now what the hell are they accomplishing?
Anybody who really believes that these soldiers just woke up on morning of course it was only just a small handle
And the senator in Haaf from Oklahoma. Here's the guy he ought to be on the death row this guy for stupidity
He's outraged by the outrage
In fact he should he should have opened his last punk that just called make a good pair those two
He's outraged by the outrage and you just a handful just six or seven soldiers who just went off the depend and yada yada yada
And right
You can't deal with the right wingers because where there's no sense there's no feeling
Senator in Haaf
They made a Broadway play about Oklahoma and I have one question about that as a matter of fact
Why?
Yeah
No listen to me
There are three places I'm going to warn you right now not to go to
Number one is Iraq
Number two is like Israel
Number three is Oklahoma
No chance
Write those down
Write them on your wrist like a momentum
I don't think you're under a lot of stress these days write them on your wrist
Do not be heading for Iraq because you will be in the wrong place at the wrong time
Do not be headed in Iraq
Do not be headed in Oklahoma and certainly do not go anywhere near Israel
Do not send your kids over to the kabuts
Yeah
Oh yeah we got some of these crazy Jews who are still sending their kids over to the kabuts
Oh my god they got on the bus and got blown to bits I don't understand why
I didn't expect that
Forget you about honesty who is your favorite American politician we're asking on the O'Rodges.com
And Bill Clinton's got over 100 votes already
Bubba's got 102 bring him back
Oh yeah please
Cracker please
Bill Clinton 102 they all suck 47
Just eventurage 22 John McCain 13
George W Bush 11 4.4% of this is stood-audio and still says
George W Bush he to man
He's a man of the cloth he's a man of the Lord even though we don't go to church
Even though he lies like a trooper
Ted Kennedy 9 he's right on W's ass Jimmy Carter 9
Bobby Graham 6th Dennis Cassandage 5
Al Sharpton 5 Joe Biden 5 Howard Dean 4
John Kerry 4 Charlie Rangel 3
One for Hillary one for Carl Levin with those granny glasses 247 votes
You only got another 24 minutes to vote on this one
Then we get to the real piece of resistance for the day
That's when we really separate the men from the goiim okay
Michelangelo Signurelli in the New York press rights conservative media
pundits revel in their personal responsibility and stand up like a man mantras
Hope when the spotlight shines on one of their own they quickly become the epitome
Of the lame stereotypes they have long perpetrated the whining sissy boy left
Blaming everyone but themselves for the problems that air us
Case in point
After days of silence on the abuse by American soldiers of Iraqi prisoners
And the detrimental effect will have on U.S. national security
The conservative national review ran a piece online by Jonah Goldberg trying to offer us some context for these crimes
In Goldberg land who you suppose is to blame for the abuse in the ensuing public relations disaster
Was it the president for taking us to war based on false claims about weapons of ass destruction
Including the wrath of Muslims in the region and thus opening us up to even more hatred and violence
And something like this abuse occur
Was it Donald Rumsfeld for doing the war on the cheap allowing the command to break down
Leading many testes of Indian private contractors who could operate without any authority
And covering up reports of wrongdoing from Congress
Know the true culprit was CBS
Okay, of course CBS had every right to do what it did Goldberg wrote discussing the airing of the photographs of the brutality
But that's irrelevant. Nobody suggesting the government should have stopped them
I'm suggesting that CBS should have stopped itself
Now we'll all have to live with the consequences and some of us will die from them
In Goldberg land when shocking images might steer Americans to favor war
Such as those depicting people jumping from the twin towers during the 9-11 attacks
And those showing the charred bodies of Americans affecting contractors in Iraq
The serious journalists show great restraint
But Goldberg claims when those shocking images had the opposite effect the Ted Coppels let it fly
I don't know about you but I recall seeing the images of people jumping from windows of the twin towers
On television and certainly in newspapers over and over again until the families of the victims finally complain to the media about insensitivity and sheer overkill
No one asked for the footage to be censored as a way of inhibiting war which in the case of Afghanistan
The vast majority of Americans is putting just about every liberal media pundit we're in favor of and are still out to this day
As far as the destruction of the buildings goes we've seen that from every angle and still do in news programs and documentaries
And it was on the front page of the New York Times the paper that right-wing conservatives view as the Bush-hating anti-war organ
Where I saw photos of the burned bodies of the contractors just a few weeks ago
Put a hole in one of the conservatives offensive theories about who's the blame for the brutality of the Iraqi prisoners that were
And they'll spin out yet another one
If it's not CBS and the rest of the liberal media that's it felt then surely it must be Bill Clinton and the homosexuals right?
I think it's a good point to pause right and let that sink in while I do the break and we'll come back and finish the article
Lots of stuff here and of course you know like that one crank says who you're reading to all people can understand it which leaves you out
Anybody with an IQ larger than their thumb okay which like I said leaves that guy out and several of the others out there
But that's okay we're keeping them off the streets
It must be Bill Clinton and the homos that must be it
20 to 11 at 560 because Rush popped out of the one sweetheart don't make mistakes
Let me tell you right now about the financial group you know you've heard us talk about these folks they're incredible only one mortgage program
With that unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinancing of your home one and a quarter percent
That means if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere three thirty four a month
Two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay just six sixty eight a month now they're advertising on TV
They're all over the radio they're on your pop-up toaster this program's got everybody talking
Only one mortgage makes it possible and only financial group makes it available for you
So we finance your current home get money for renovations move to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again
Zero closing costs zero credit bureau fees zero application fees zero discounted points zero everything
This is for real so get more information by just making one easy call call financial group at 1 866 395 lend to find out more
That's 1 866 395 LED the only one mortgage it's the only mortgage you'll ever need
There's an equal housing lender credit restrictions apply 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly
And look all six is for real five six
And they tell that's absolutely at five six oh
WQA
From the makers of CSI comes a show about tackling the nastiest criminals on the planet wacky morning show DJs it's Fc CSI
Okay people we got a shock shock making scatological comments about the female anatomy let's roll see the guardians of decency take down the purveyors of bill on Fc CSI
So if you got big juggies don't complain with strange men want to point you guys get that yep
That's three points to juggies a big dangler and a Lewinsky sir we've got a case let's move
Okay I'll take color 14 for tickets to freeze Fc CSI
What will be what I do you're under a restaurant decency on the airway come on man dude okay
If you let me go I'll give you more than two t-shirts. Huh I don't want your t-shirts gum. I want your ass in jail
Uh give me sir can you say ass? Sure I can I'm not on the radio I'm a TV
Fc CSI only on CDS when we're not exposing Janet Jackson's breast on the Super Bowl we're exposing some really serious crimes
1045 at 560 WQ have some Michael senior ready goes on to say last week I actually heard right wing radio chat while in a taxi in which colors and the host agreed that we wouldn't have seen this kind of homosexual brutality against the prisoners
If Bill Clinton had not let homosexuals into the military and if the torturers are not gay themselves then surely there are product of the Clinton era and its homo loving policies as James Toronto the often idiotic moralizer at the Wall Street Journal's opinion journal
Clinton Toronto's attempts to blame the barbaric soldiers actions on the American academic left had me cackling with laughter soon after it came to me in my email box get this
He says it also occurs to us that increasing the quality of military recruits would probably help avoid future oboe graves
One constructive step toward that end would be for elite universities to drop anti-military policy so that the military would have an easier time sending up the best and brightest young Americans
Many academic institutions have barred ROTC or military recruiters from campus for left wing political reasons first as a protest against the Vietnam War and later over the Clinton era don't ask don't tell law
Whatever the merits of these positions at the time the academic left showed some patriotic responsibility and acknowledged that the defense of the country which includes the defense of their own academic freedom is more important than the issue do juror
Could anybody make more of a stretch in attempting to demonize those he despises while deflecting criticism of his own well there's always an culture
via David Brock's terrific new media matters dot org website which is focused on all of the bile spewers on the right I found this quote from an coder speaking on Fox News and blaming the soldiers brutality and women
She said I think the other point that no one is making about the abuse photos is just a disproportionate number of women involved including a girl general running the entire operation
I mean this is a lesson you know one million and forty seven on why women shouldn't be in the military in addition to not being able to carry even a medium sized backpack women are too vicious
Similarly the anti feminist columnist Linda Chavez George W Bush's one-time labor secretary nominee who withdrew when she was found to be paying illegal immigrant housekeeper off the books suggested that the presence of women in the unit actually encouraged more misbehavior especially of the sexual nature that the pictures reveal
Another conservative finger pointer seemed to get rushed limbaugh all hot and sweaty during his week long quested down by the images as nothing more than college fat boy games
Donna M Hughes on National Review online asked why are we shocked by these images from Abu Ghraib but when the victims are women or gay men the images are called pornography or adult entertainment
Yes, she was attempting to explain and excuse the behavior and give anti porn crusader John Ascroff more grist for his twisted mill by claiming that the reservist might have engaged in these active torture because they'd seen them played out in porn films
Of course according to that logic we should ban the passion of the Christ because if people played out these satomasdic scenes in that film we'd be taking down bloody crosses from maybe to the speed corner
That got limbaugh thinking and making some lurid confessions
If you look at these pictures you cannot deny that there are elements of homo eroticism
You said I've seen things like this on American websites you can find these if you have the passwords to these various porn sites you can see things like this
And Hughes and Hughes point was maybe these kids the soldiers the guards whoever are of a certain age group who have grown up with access to this are simply acting out what they've seen on these websites or something just for the fun of it or maybe other reasons
He's seen these porn sites
Another another crackpot deflection regarding this brutality to be sure but now we also know what limbaugh was doing on those oxy-contin days nights
Fumbling for his passwords looking for those homo erotic websites live and learn says Michelangelo sinurelly
Here you go pop another one rush and take a look at this
Oh my gosh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line only got a few minutes here for this first pool today
And we get the important stuff the real the real nitty-gritty that's going to determine the course of our program for the next two and a half years
You do understand that don't you? Oh, of course you believe it no don't answer
For getting about honesty who's your favorite American politician that's our first pool question today we got three hundred and thirty nine votes
Bill Clinton a hundred forty four they all suck 60
Jesse Ventura has got about thirty man towards W. Bush twenty one six point one percent there's that six percent again
And that stubborn few who just refuse to be bothered by the truth don't confuse these people with the truth because the truth shall set you free
From all of that brainwashing that's rotted what used to be a brain
John McCain twenty one Jimmy Carter eleven ten Kennedy's only got ten that's very sad Bob Grammy then is considered seven Al Sharpton seven Howard Dean five Joe Biden five John Kerry's only got four
Yeah, that's part of the problem right there is John Kerry to reason the eight like way ahead is because we don't like him all that much
Week Charlie Rangel three Hillary Clinton two and Carl Levin has won he'd have a lot more separate as granny glasses those are out
Right now to tell that cam bone guy whatever his name was to that head at the right wing hack hand bone
Handball connected to the well job bone
Speaking that
PFC England says I was told a smile for photos to put psychological pressure on Iraqi prisoners
Of course the interesting part about that is that they're all like face down on the ground
Yeah, but don't confuse people with the facts. Fayetteville North Carolina man. Let's go right to the old trailer park right now
I'm all right. The Army private facing a court martial for being photographed when they could Iraqi prisoners as she was following orders to create psychological pressure on them
PFC Linda England told KCNC in Denver yesterday that her superior gave her specific instructions on how to post for the photos as to gave the order she would only say persons in my shame of command
In photographs that have been shown worldwide England 21 a scene smiling with a cigarette a packet in her mouth as she means forward and points at the genitals of a naked hooded Iraqi
Another photo taken at Baghdad's Abu Grey prison shows her holding a lease that encircles the neck of a naked Iraqi man lying on his side
I was instructed by persons in higher rank to stand there holding this leash look at the camera and they took the picture for siop's psychological operations she told the station
I didn't really I mean I didn't want to be in any picture she said she also said she thought it was kind of weird
The interview was taped Tuesday at Fort Bragg that would be like one of those hooded freaks that was at the be heading yesterday or whenever the hell it took place they had to take him out yesterday
One of those hooded freaks saying well I really thought it was kind of weird
See what I'm saying yeah I didn't know what they were doing there yeah I mean I was just following orders but I thought it was kind of weird
This guy told me to stand here with this thing on my head
The interview was taped yesterday at Fort Bragg North Carolina where England a military service from West Virginia from a West Virginia trailer park
Met on a team met with one of a team of Denver lawyers who volunteered to take her case
Asked whether the worst things happened and those already seen on the photo she said yes but declined to elaborate
She said it's a period of praise the photos and just told us hey you're doing great keep it up
England faces a military court martial and includes charges such as conspiracy to maltreat prisoners and assault consummated by battery
And could face punishment ranging from a reprimand of more than 15 years in prison
She don't have a good time in there for the looks of her got to have that baby first
We don't feel like we were doing things that we weren't supposed to because we were told to do the England said
We think everything was justified because we were instructed to do this and do that
This and that and they did it they did this they did that
So there you go there's her story
Now here's one that says question mark an orange prison jumpsuit
Well that's the kind they favored at the Gitmo and they still do and as a matter of fact you know this general miller
That they sent from Gitmo where he was being accused of being like lunatic they sent him over there to straighten things around in Iraq that should do it sure yeah crazy person
An orange prison jumpsuit question mark it says just in time to justify or abuse how convenient
Al-Qaeda in Iraq how convenient what does that mean I don't understand what that means
The other conspiratorial minded crazy person who just obviously just crumbling under the pressure
Let's see you
Read it out here first I just did okay
So what does this mean I don't have any clue what does this means do you carry socks is what he's trying to say yeah
But I just get you reading exactly just got you saying nobody likes me so I got 4% I just got to tell you that
Of course this comes from Greenville South Carolina even George don't like South Carolina
He like North Carolina a little bit but he don't like South Carolina and South Carolina reminds me of one person you know who it is
The who Susan Smith oh yeah see there's a good South Carolina reminds me of
Susan Smith a miserable bitch hateful South sick twisted piece of crap
At any rate tonight's a big nut on 60 minutes to again
You're aware of that aren't you you told me this morning an American soldiers video diary showing her to stay in for
Raki detainees who died in her charges to be broadcast by a US network tonight in a further escalation of the prisoner abuse scandal
Let us shake in the Bush administration and promote world outrage oh my god CBS which two weeks ago broadcast the first picture of a Raki
Prison is being abused in Abu Ghraib prison your Baghdad said yesterday
It's 60 minutes to program which you'll video footage depicting conditions there and another US run prison in southern Iraq called
Camp Buka or is that camp Buka?
Fogra has a Raki prisoner is being sexually humiliated threatened by dogs and piled into pyramids as
Gritting American soldiers look on have been published around the world a leading a major setback to US attempts to stabilize their rack
CBS said the home video did not show scenes of abuse been included comments by the soldier whose name was not revealed to protect her identity
Then make clear her dislike for the camp and the prisoners under her control and yada yada
That would be tonight 60 minutes to
At least we're getting a little bit of advanced warning this time because I wasn't watching it the first time two weeks ago because I didn't know
But they were going to be showing and I don't watch 60 minutes to do you not a great while if it just happened to find it
That is a rule but sometimes no so they would have just told us ahead of time and we'd have been
But then again they would have accused of giving it too much publicity and trying to whip everybody up into a frenzy
Just like a senator in Hof says from Oklahoma. There's those flying saucers by the way you see those no where what I'm CNN I'm a scabled on not see network
There's the pictures. I won't get to that story later. They got UFOs in Mexico. Hey good timing on their part. Yeah, that's right they came to gutt us.
I'm telling you they're gonna they're gonna pay our ass out and I'm too soon after to that right now. Oh, embarrassing.
Wouldn't it be something at least spaceships landed and turn out to be a bunch of shmata heads in there that would be bad. Yeah, right heads.
Woohoo, little green rag heads not looking for no caution counter with that kind of a ship anyway.
The defense fifty six at five sixty I said ship you heard exactly what I said as in your ship may be coming in
A lot sooner than you think if you don't cut the crap now.
Bill Clinton has got him beaten hands dot come on bubble. What do you say please? No.
Pretty please. One more term. Okay. We'll change the constitution for you. We'll take you back right now and spread out many mistakes which you may but nevertheless everything being relative.
Let him back in with his relatives. Yeah, he should. Yeah, I did her. Let's like Hillary and let him run a country. How do you like that? Okay.
She can just throw on being the adezel bike the ice princess that she is and he can continue running a country from behind us seeing pulling them strings.
I'm the puppet master.
1057 a QA you know buying a mattress can be very confusing so many brands different model names that every store it's nearly impossible to compare plus all those
Fony sales we've told you about false promises strings attached and you really have to read that fine print which is why dial am actress is so amazing.
It's the easiest the smartest possible way to get new mattress because when you call one eight hundred macros you get the best prices on the best brands with your delivery coming on schedule and the best customer service in the business.
Why would anybody with a brain why want to go running around getting worked up into a sweat shopping any place else getting ripped off.
Dial am actress won the 2004 better business bureau local torch award for excellence because they work harder than anybody else during your business before during an after the sale.
When you call one eight hundred macros you talk to one of their expert vetting consultants and you can rest assured you get the best possible macros and deal anywhere.
Choose from a complete line of all the top names they got silly.
Surtis Simmons King Coral temper pete even Stearns and bananas foster and dial am actress take same day orders all day long from kettle the store Palm Beach to Ford Myers and when you call them one eight hundred macros you still get to pick the date into our delivery window you want that
mattress delivered and they're ninety nine point seven percent on time you can't beat that I've been using dial am actress for years and once you call them the
first time you never think of buying a mattress any other way call them today they'll be not going on your door no time at all say goodbye to your lumpy old worn out of mattress and get you a great
unbeatable day a lot of brand new one call one eight hundred macros or log on to macros dot com dial am actress and one eight hundred MATTR ESD easiest possible way to buy you a mattress.
I'm a local this is my city the radio is all yours.
I just got absolutely.
The plan in more attacks.
I got a funny feeling.
I'm now.
Now.
You know, somebody should've told me yesterday that the hunger must have been a deep new
General Indian thing in Hollywood that they just had the grand opening yesterday
We're never been nice to know that I'm sure that's where he must have been wasn't it?
I'm sure everybody knew it just by what you were talking about
How was that magic I didn't know that I didn't even know it was open
How about I know you know how out of touch I am right?
The other everywhere they're all over the TV. Yeah
I didn't even rate. Oh, okay, whatever
That's where Hank was yesterday. He's on a way to
Baltimore today we got the mad dog at two we got Kimba Bo camper at the triple a Miami heater rainy because they'd actually won again
So Kimba Bo camper will be there from four to seven for Hank will be broadcasting tomorrow from the Baltimore in the prequence
The crow is on at seven o'clock tonight because we got a half hour to kill air
Then you got Marlon's on deck 730 Marlon's who lost to the Astros was at 6.1. I do believe last night
Josh oh Josh is out. We're training Sean right now
I'm bigger pardon Josh went for a p-brake. Yeah, Sean's a sports head. He might know
Yeah, Marlon's lost 6.1
You know what I just said thank you Sean anyway, Marlon's will try to turn it around night 805's game time
And then you got the oh what was any K look at this the big after the game. That's bad. Oh man. It's always bad
That's a bad omen 404 votes on that first pool for getting about honesty
Who's your favorite American politician Bill Clinton man hands down your pants nobody even close
180 votes bubble we want them back now
180 they all suck 63
Just event you're 35 George W. Bush 26
6.4% of people who refused to allow their brains or what used to be brains to be penetrated who refused to be confused by the truth
John McCain 25 Ted Kennedy only a dozen Jimmy Carter 12
Bob Graham 11 Dennis Cassinich 8 Al Sharpton 8
Howard Dean 7 Joe Biden's got 6 John Kerry only 5
5 1.2%
Chuck Wrangles got 3 Hillary Clinton's got a parent Carl Evans got one right at the end of his pointed nose there
But there's a granny glasses in
John Kerry's got 5 so it's not just my imagination that the
Public out there the anti Bush crowd those of us who will do just about anything
To make sure that he don't get another four years to destroy what's left of American democracy
We're getting mighty dissolution with the Carrie Meister and his waffling and wimpy and
Inept campaign. I should give you the results of this poll
It's you ended online last night and this morning
Their poll question was are US goals in Iraq worth the cost because you like throwing in that line
They always kept telling us it's worth it
Just like metal and all bright said about those 500,000 Iraqi kids that died because of the sanctions and the depleting the uranium on all these things
It's worth it. They keep saying that our US goals in Iraq worth the cost they had 89,000 in some votes. That's a few more than we get
Yes
2338 no
63,700 percentages come out to
27 for 28 percent yes 72 percent no
And that's from a wide swath of Americana
72 percent no
28 percent yes, they're fine to catch it on their little slow on the uptake
But they're finally catching on boys and girls that we've been led down to garden path
We've been con they had no more of a game plan than you and I got
For how to get out of this mess what they were going to do after the after the big battle finished on
Of course, they knew that there really wasn't going to be any big battle because they knew that the 1991 the Gulf first Gulf war
That was like they virtually destroyed the you know other than the
Republican guard other than that there was basically nothing there was a rag tag army
A rag hit army rag hit army
And as far as weapons of mass destruction and we knew they didn't have any in a first place
But anyway, don't confuse people with the truth. We still got that 6 percent out there. Oh, let's down a long ways ain't it
That's done a long long way from the olden days back in they when it always was like 178 percent
The bush lickers out there
Here's the poll for the rest of the show
Which of these best described well before we do that let's take a call WQAM. Hello
QAM
WQAM. Hello
Okay, sir
I see him sometime. Yeah
About outsourcing of jobs. That's all he ever talks about. I'm sorry. He's phoning at them out. Right
He had
Ah, yesterday he was a
Right wing conservative pretty bluntly and uh, but the man I was very surprised he was um
He got on there and he said quite bluntly we either need to reinforce the troops
In our rack as we originally planned and uh, we talked about yesterday
We'll get to her out now
As in like now no, listen around right, you know, and you know
I'm not saying you was a Bible-fumperating like but he's definitely conservative
But he just said this is ridiculous. We're losing men and women left right and center
For nothing. Yeah, you know, Lou Dobbs was
For Lou he was somewhat in agreement, you know, I you know, I can't say 100 percent agreement
But you know he at least listened to him and you know Lou Dobbs is a pompous ass
I agree
Probably good news while they see even the right wingers now are starting to say hey, we got somebody got us into this mess
And has no idea how to extricate ourselves from it see that this is the thing that really gets me is people like
John McCain and Joe Biden and others say and the Jew Lieberman of course of course
Julie Brem was all in favor in the first place
Being the right wing hawk that he is
But the people will say well, we're already there whether we should have been there or not in the first place
That doesn't make any difference anymore. You know, I'll Biden to say in that McCain
Well, what kind of crap is that? So in other words, we made a mistake
We got sucked advice than a bunch of lies
So let's see how many more lives we can flush down the toilet
Let's see how many more billions of dollars we can flush down the toilet if we were spending just a fraction
Of the hundred and two hundred billion whatever it's gonna eventually wind up being billion dollars to really be fighting terrorism
Then we wouldn't have a kind of capturing people in slice of their heads off
Because
Because once a by and then when they take these polls and they keep showing oh well
Bush still gets really high marks on fighting terrorism. We're not fighting terrorism you idiots
He's not fighting terrorism. He's creating it in a place where it didn't exist
Oh
How is it possible? I know one of the reasons is possible because the American news media is such a pile of crap
Such a bunch of propaganda's they ought to be in jail most of them
Much of suck holes just like Vietnam all over again, man
How many people acted ivy for the media finest is all well
Maybe the same go in just the way we thought of what maybe we don't have to be quite so patriotic
Maybe we don't have to suck up quite so much
Oh Pete the chronic is a pig report here. We haven't had one of these in a long time
Plantation pigs everywhere university and Peters Road and university driving 84 there are ten pigs
Shoot near radar. Okay. That was his of 11 o'clock this morning. So there's an up to the minute
Plantation pig report. They must be sure on cash this month
So govern yourselves according me. Okay. Here's the second poll
Well, let's take a call first
W.A.M. Hello
Create a comment about the NME
W.A.M. Hello
Ideal yes, sir. What's up, man? How you doing? Did you all right? I was an ask man
He was good. Was I with the red light and blue hoots for nowadays, huh?
Okay, see now I'm gonna pick up no no sir that this I
I must be gonna put a right side of it today because for all the money in the world
I couldn't have done a better job which in these best described why you listen to the NEO Roger show
That's our poll today
Here you got six choices for a few laughs
To hear the callers opinions to hear the crazy and crank calls
To hear the stories NEO reads I hate NEO but I can't turn it off or it kills four hours of my boring life
In other words, I have no line right
And again, I guess we ought to underline which of these best describes why you listen to the NEO Roger show because you know
There obviously is mix and match a little this little then we want to find out what the main thrust
Can we say that no the main thrust is
That compels you to listen to this program
For a few laughs to hear the callers opinions to hear the crazy and crank calls to hear the stories NEO reads
I hate NEO but I can't turn it off or it kills four hours of my boring I have no life life
Good pull by the way my choice I know there
And what was that because they pay me to I see
Well, Josh would put that under too only they're not paying him enough to really count
He does it for the it's a labor of love. It's a labor of love. Where have we heard that before where have we heard that
1113 at 560 WQM if your carpets look like haliman if they smell not too good either if they're schmutzi in other words
If you had some real problems on the floor
Here's the answer for you whether it's your carpeting your area rugs your expensive or you know rugs
You drape your furniture all of these things your poultry
Dry concepts are the people you might have counted because there's nobody in the world like them
They dry clean your carpeting
It's an exclusive padded method that nobody else in the world even thinks about much less doing
Using dry concepts certified trained technicians. They dry clean your carpet same idea is directly in your clothing
Which leaves them vibrant and color soft to the touch they smell emity first
They look like you had brand new late on the floor
They're dried just a couple of hours and they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to work
What's not to like that's why I've used them in my houses for over 20 years
And once I can get you to use them one time
You'll never dream a calm anybody else again
And I'm going to give you a written guaranteed price upfront with no tack-ons no uh gimmicks at the end
But they also give you a chance to save even more if you call dry concepts
Ask them to put you under stand by list which will save you even 15% more on your next carpet cleaning job
So call them today like I said the first time you use them that'll be it for life because you never dream of doing anything else
Call toll-free
1-800-248-5071
Stead away seeing all that money on brand new carpeting
Get your current carpeting looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new
1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at dryconcepts.com
We're sports radio 560
UAM
In nigara
It's the breakfast cereal that gives you a reward every time you open the box
Introducing
Candy charms
Every box is full of bronze stars
Purple hearts
Green clovers
Purple hearts
Orange moons
Purple hearts
And lots and lots of purple hearts
In fact you'll be getting one every time you take a bite or a break a nail
Look for the box shaped like a giant head
Carry charms
They're magic places
Bitches
They're part of a fair and balanced breakfast
And be sure to try carry ego waffles
The breakfast that never gives you a straight answer
Carry ego waffles
Kaya man you'll say
Carry
Lego on that ego
Carry ego waffles
11-18-8-22-2-2
But on that last pull I'll tell you that he did a week
Very weak
Greg and Carl spring says
Letterman who never misses a chance to make George Bush like like to look like the fool he is
Had the funniest line about the current situation last night
Said George Bush told rumse
He was doing an excellent job
Last time a president said that to someone he was looking under his desk
I don't watch Letterman
I think maybe now you understand why
Well there are a lot of he's you know let's say a state of mind thing
Job
For its holidays now this page one eight you send me that's like off the side of the page and everything
Yeah, but actually went to the newspaper the state.com South Carolina's home page
For its holidays the senior senator from South Carolina writes
Why we're in Iraq
Would 760 dead in Iraq and more than 3000 maimed for life folks continue to argue over why we're in Iraq and how to get out
Now everyone knows what was not the cause of this war even president Bush acknowledges that
Sodom was saying that nothing to do with 911 listing the 45 countries where Elkada was operating on 911
70 cells in the US the state department did not list Iraq
Richard Clark and against all enemies tells how the US had not received any
Threditarism for 10 years from Sodom at the time of our invasion on page 231 John McLaughlin of the CIA
Verifies this to Paul Wolfowitz
In 1993 president Clinton responded to Sodom's attempt on the life of president George Herbert Walker Bush
By putting a missile down Sodom's intelligence headquarters and bagged in not a big kill
But Sodom got the message monkey around with the US and a missile lands on his head
Of course there were no weapons of mass destruction
Israel's intelligence Mossad knows what's going on in Iraq. It's the best
It has to know Israel survival depends on knowing
Israel long since would have taken us to the weapons of mass destruction if there were any or if they'd been removed with Iraq
Why invade a sovereign country the answer president pushes policy to secure Israel
Led by Richard purle Paul Wolfowitz and Charles Krauthammer for years
There's been a dominoe school of thought that the way to guarantee Israel's security
It's to spread democracy in the area
Wolfowitz wrote the United States may not be able to lead countries through the door of democracy
But where that door is locked shut by a totalitarian deadbolt American power
Maybe the only way to open it up on another occasion
Iraq as the first Arab democracy would cast a very large shadow starting with Syria and Iran but across the whole Arab world
Three weeks before invasion president Bush stated a new regime in Iraq would serve as a dramatic and inspiring example for freedom
For other nations in a region
Every president since 1947 has made a futile attempt to help his real negotiate peace
The no leadership has surfaced among the Palestinians that can make a binding agreement
President Bush realized his chances at negotiation were no better
He came to office and muted with one thought re-election
Bush felt tax cuts would hold his crowd together and spreading democracy in the Middle East to secure Israel
Would take the Jewish vote from the Democrats
You don't come to town and answer your Israel policies to invade Iraq
But George W. Bush has stated by former secretary Paul O'Neal and others started laying the groundwork to invade Iraq days after inauguration
And without any Iraq connection to 9-11 within weeks he had the Pentagon outlining a plan to invade Iraq. He was determined
President Bush thought taking Iraq would be easy
Worfoward said it would only take seven days
Cheney believed we'd be greeted as liberators, but Cheney's man
Osmej Shalabi made a mess of the debathification of Iraq by dismissing Republican guard leadership and Sunni leaders and soon join with the insurgents
Worst of all we tried to secure Iraq with two few troops
In 1966 in South Vietnam with a population of 16 and a half million
General William Westmoreland with 535,000 U.S. troops was still asking for more
In Iraq with a population of 24.6 million
General John Abuse with only 135,000 troops can barely secure the troops much less the country
If the troops are there to fight there are two few if they're there to die there are too many
To secure Iraq we need more troops at least a hundred thousand more the only way to get the United Nations back in Iraq
Is to make the country secure
Once back the French Germans and others will join with you when to take over
With President Bush's domino policy in the Middle East gone a riot he keeps shouting war on terror
Terror is a method not a war
We don't call the Crimean War with the charge of the light brigade the cavalry war or World War 2 the blitzkrieg war
There's terrorism in Ireland against the Brits
There is terrorism in Indian Pakistan and the Middle East terrorism is a separate problem be defeated by diplomacy and negotiation not military
Here a might does not make right right makes might acting militarily
We've created more terrorism than we've eliminated says senator Fritz Holling from South Carolina who they propped up and gave a little
Lossige into that's why I looked a little animated this morning. I was screaming in the older rumsville
Not bad
Only the idea of sending the more troops of this juncture ludicrous insane
You ready to send in more troops? Oh, yeah
We got to get these best describes why you listen to the Elijah show
That's our pull today as we try to probe the audience and find out what makes these people tick okay?
Are my just spinning my wheels here and wasting my time all these bedtime stories all of this pseudo-inletual crap
Sitting here and reading to a bunch of people out there who want to hear and a bunch of sounds we can't play anymore
Ah 89 votes. It's all we got so far. That's pretty weak
For a few laughs 58 60 per 97 votes 58
Which is almost 60 percent just for a few laughs you know like
That's all and when you're at South Florida for God's sakes anybody can give you a few laughs for free, man
It's like a gift from God. They're all God. That's the one
To hear the stories neo reads 17 George
That's the big fan of these stories what I am a big fan, but that's not what I've heard
17 and a half percent to hear the stories neo reads I might as well be sitting in a corner reading to the fruit flies
It kills four hours of my boring life 14 I had no life to hear the crazy and crank calls three
I hate neo, but I can't turn it off three and to hear the caller's opinions too
Oh those callers are so important they don't understand
They're so dang important
Here the caller's opinions to
You know that reminds me of I'm gonna go to college yesterday who sounded like fairly coherent
And he may have been right he may have been going somewhere with it, but nevertheless
Assuming just given the benefit of the doubt. He really had something to say
And he was belly-ickened about the fact that he kept you know, we're doing screenless
And he kept ringing the phone and we're in a phone
He doesn't have time to like wait and about and he's he's wasted his minute because I had to go into a break
right
and he wasted his minute of
Fame
belly-ickened about the fact that we didn't take the call soon enough and yadi yadi yadi and low and behold
There was a minute to get
That's what climbs up perfect South Florida person as opposed to actually saying something assuming that he had something to say
Which I seriously don't assuming that he had and then of course probably
muttering and was like well, do you know wonder near low? You know, we don't get any smart callers
We just don't yeah
Well, if you would have said something instead of belly-ickened and of course
I've had how many million of those calls over the years
About 30 million of those calls they spend all of their time belly-ickened
Well, if you would have gotten to me sooner and I've been hanging on here for 20 even nobody cares
Nobody cares okay in the Olympic sport we could feed the team right here
It's a radio show that's all if you have the time to wait fine. That's that's great. No problem
If you don't have the time to wait also no problem
Whatever case the Ross or man like doors gay a day sound throughout Hudson
26 after 11 at 560 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs let oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people
Saudi your business
Payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management or just a few of the services
Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at one
866 at oasis. That's one 866 to 866
47 but more than 60,000 employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management
outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
Which allows you to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to our friends at oasis outsourcing
So do the smart thing let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable
If you want to free evaluation just give them a call there's no obligation call toll free
1 866 at oasis that's 1 866 to 866 27 47 for oasis outsourcing
Hi, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
Death to all
America in the name of Allah
This new but they got us no more as you can see I am still alive and well
They could I should make it up up and fighting evil
Wrath will come down
On you Americans
Because I'm staying alive
Staying alive
Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother staying alive
I'm making field the city break in and everybody shaken we're staying alive
Ha ha ha staying alive
Ha ha ha staying alive
But the pretty one 29 till known at 560 WQM. Are you sure can carry out too and canning
Carry it where that the website media matters.org that David Brock website that Michael miss a senior rally mentioned in her column
That's a pretty good. I just take a peek at it media matters.org
We got to probably make a link to that Eric media matters.org you got it
Got it where he really rips into all of these right-wing liars
You know the Fox News people and they misfudge people and rush all of these right-wing maniacs these
Hate mongers these sickle fans
151 votes on here. Which of these bestest grabs why you listen to the Neil Rogers show for a few last 86
57% just for a few
Couples that's all they don't care about all this heavy-duty stuff. They don't want to be depressed. They they don't give a crap
They just want to hear a few yuck's man just a few silly sounds like
I guess that's the only one we can play anymore
Right well this one
Right
And maybe I have no last stuff like that the club absolutely yeah
Anyway few laughs 86 57% there's John Kerry. He and Funny believe me
Unless you thought herman monster was a panic when they would change a vote in the Senate and they were not gonna let it happen
So it's not really a one-vote margin. It's a multiple vote margin because they don't want it to happen
And it was very clear that even if it passed the Senate they're not gonna pass it in the house
If they're willing to reconsider and keep everybody's votes where they are
We'll go back and do it
But that's not what they're doing they're playing a game. See there you go see they try to make it appear that his failure to be in the Senate yesterday
Resulted in the unemployment benefits not being extended that bill not passing because they fell one vote short
But he makes a very good point and that is that they were just manipulating the vote so it would appear that it was one
Short and they had enough people in the cans so that no matter what it was they would have you know voted against it
So I'm saying what do you say? I'm saying that he continues being made to look like a loser
That's what I'm saying to be manipulated. He should have been there
So he wouldn't be allowed to be put in that position
But nevertheless he's got some bad handlers and you know what happens with bad handlers, don't you?
No, what bad results at the end of the election asked how are Dean about that
Which of these best described I'm that's right. I was reading this and then I saw John Kerry
See are the stories Neil reads 38
23% one of those bedtime stories there's Bubba
What advice he's giving the Democrats when I go inside politics
Yeah, Bubba says my advice is let me run again. Come on get another four years. Can you imagine all the jobs he can get in four more years?
Now these learn to be a little bit more discrete
On his feet. Let's hope it kills four hours of my boring life 23 is said that I have no life and we're delighted to do it at the right price
To hear the crazy and crank calls five. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off three. Here the callers opinions too
In writer's jail up in a chapacock
For three months I have done nothing but try to finish the story of my life. It was hard enough to live at the first time. It's been
awful let's say but that's right this book is that we're gonna read that no
I like you lot Bubba, but I want to read your book
I have too many other books sitting on a coffee table or got books all up to my ass
lie nine is ringing now. You know how good this always is speaking of great cause that the audience wants to hear
They're on pins and needles for this wqa and hello
Hey, the only doughman pretty good. Neil man. I saw the video myself man. Yeah, yeah
I cried man. Why would you watch it? I mean, I just wanted to see
What was going on over there and I can't believe it. We don't belong there in the first place
I mean this the busier that said F.M. All you want to make a wait fine. You want to make Saudi fine
We should have been off of four oil years ago. Correct. I mean the internal as far as cars go
The internal combustion engine. It's up as the dinosaur. That's correct for dick eight right? Okay
We should have been on natural gas or electricity a while ago, but of course this is the dark
I just heard that sound George made someone to do with natural gas when you said I heard it. No, that was gas
This is ridiculous. I can smell it all the way up here. Okay. Thanks pal. Calm down relax. Okay. Why would you watch that?
See I can't imagine one. Oh, I can because that
Faces of death parts one through a hundred was the most purchased video of all time. Wasn't it
We heard something like that or rented something like that. Yeah, faces of death people like snuff films
That's what they want to see even the fake porno snuff films
Which they were all fake great. I don't want to burst your bubble
But they're all fake anyway. I want to make a difference because they were convinced that it was real
They got off on that if I can I say that yeah, they have got excited about it
So I don't know why anybody to watch you but he's right and then then I take that way back in the big
Inso about OIL and ammo any why and about the Haliburton and Vectel and the Carlyle Group and all these other grave
Robbers that's what it's all about in the American media once again continue showing their ass
That's what they continue to do do in the uh
They just continue rearing their big fat pimple ass right in your face and you keep looking at and say oh wow how about that?
My god, we got a guy gets decapeted in American not even a soldier for crying out loud
Not that that would make it any better but a guy who's just over there working trying to make a living
He gets his head chopped off
And what are they talking about on the cable Nazi network this morning?
True yeah, they must have spent a half an hour talking about Brad Pitt and
True yeah, well who gives a crap about true I sure is held out
George does because he wants to go see it right what's the better forget about true okay, and let's
You know about about Troy New York
We're connected or Utica or all but it about everything but Troy yeah
True by the way blind Michael meets in Batavia okay, it's WBTA who's by lunch
I'll be looking for I'll keep an eye out for you
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line newsweek magazine somebody facts this in farweeds the carla the price of arrogance
I'm gonna keep reading these articles. I don't really give a flying crap. Oh, we just want a few yuck
There's one as a matter of fact. I got a great idea. I know you're doing listen to me since most of the people just want a few laughs
On a show every day make life easier
Right right and there's there's there's that one here's here's another one
Right and then there's always fall back on that wait
Right and then if you didn't like that one a lot they didn't do
Although I got I got to be honest with it my very favorite of all
Oh
I
Over across the street at that oil change place right now waiting to run into P.D. Bolger. We're gonna see if I'll put her back on the air
oh
Seeing that did it now they're in a better mood all of them
Sput of people getting their heads chopped off and all these people dying for nothing
American public what they want they want to break they deserve a break today
Okay, no, you're not gonna get to McDonald's they did they're gonna get a breath at McDonald's what they're gonna
Gonna puke their guts off from that crap
Do not eat at McDonald's I'm begging you the good news is
Remember the other day on Monday guy called in who was standing talked about standing at the Swiss hotel in a certain room on the dam
Rack at Amsterdam
The good news is right there on the dam rack, which is the main tourist trap
You know right across from that dam square
There's a new Albert High and Albert High is like the public's the big supermarket chain
There's an Albert High to go so it's like it's like a because they don't really have like a lot of convenience stores in Amsterdam
Yeah, I'll tell you where they do in Copenig and there's a 7-11 on every street corner
What's that all about the handy and they have great square slices of pizza there two man's good
There's a 7-11 every half a block in Copenig and when Amsterdam they're not too big on that crap or on good food
But Albert High and to go is like two doors from McDonald's so instead of when you're really desperate and you know that they
There's no good food to be found especially anything quick go to Albert High and to go
There used to be a record store. They're right on the dam rack. That's where all our Amsterdam crowd out there
It's right next to the pot all right
X-chain don't not that kind of pot
The currency exchange where you can get like 81 cents for the American dollar compared to the euro right now
That embarrassing
Whatever
Whatever yeah, well yeah, whatever my ass. What's Troy coming out?
I don't know. I didn't know he was in the closet. I just spoke to this boy. I should have probably asked him
Hey, Troy when you're coming out true. Yeah
Probably as soon as
Right guys and we can also play these all day true
True
The battle of the right
Battle of the X fish
20 till noon is 560 WQM nobody wants to talk about being seriously ill about cancer heart disease all of these things now if you have a
Genetic predisposition like history in your family of heart disease
Maybe lung cancer if you're a heavy smoker and you want to find out what's happening inside your body. Don't forget
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if you detected early if you wait too long
Good luck to you will bring us some flowers
Hollywood diagnostic centers prior to announce their virtual colonoscopy which is so much less invasive than the
Traditional colonoscopy. You know what that's all about in fact
Duff was telling me's an expert in that area
coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams that can detect cancer and other life-threatening diseases in their early stages
Doctors before this need even needed
So for all your imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostic center
Especially for you to be an old part like me, which is why I had the exams couple weeks ago the full body screening in the coronary heart scoring
It just takes a matter of minutes
You don't even take all your clothes off. You just lay there. They stick your ass in the machine there and uh
Then they show the x-rays of the interior inside of the body. It's amazing. It's like a virtual trip through your body
Call them at 9.5.4
9.66
3600 for the test that can give you and your family
Tremendous peace of mind or like I said if there's something bad going on inside your body
Find it early whilst still not too late and Hollywood diagnostic center
They offer state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open MRI high-speed cat scan nuclear medicine and much much more
Hollywood diagnostics has been serving the community for over 20 years
And their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic center that can come right to you
For example, if your just mother should slip and fall and break her neck
They can come right through her and maybe a in time or maybe not
Call Hollywood diagnostic center today at 9.5.4
9.66 3600 for those imaging exams today could be a life-saving phone call 9.5.4
9.66 3600
Why in local
Here sports video 560s you and you a yeah
Here's the Neil Rock new long bravo. It's the makeover show where five gay women show one straight woman
How to act like a straight man?
Queer pal for the straight gal when it comes to fashion. I got one wife for you
Plano flano
Why flano because men are pigs?
Oh, what's that got to do with flano nothing
Saying you have a pretty little thing. Oh, oh
Thanks the flab vibe are an elite team of overweight lesbians in fib overalls and crew cuts and each is an expert in a different aspect of the
Which lifestyle?
Transpitation! I got two words for you
Holy Davidson
But I don't really say you are a pretty little thing. You want to ride?
Watch every week as queer pal for the straight gal transforms a stylish straight woman from fab to drab
This is dicey work. You've got to be it. No, all I have is wine. Wine swine. Which reminds me? Man of pigs. Yeah
You mention that boy. You sure are a pretty little thing. Yeah
Gotta go
Queer pal for the straight gal right after plantops and bergenstocks where else but bravo
It's oh man 1146 14 to noon talk about a bruv just like somebody shoved him off the end of a cliff
Which of these best describes why you listen to the near Roger show?
I think this is pretty I mean we've done this before right? Whatever
In the distant past very a little bit a long time
And of course the taste of the public change. Sorry. I'm maybe on Monday. They like a rocky road
Maybe on Tuesday they're more into like butter scotch
See the only problem with butter scotches if you get like a butter scotch Sunday
I always put it on vanilla ice cream. Yeah, right
And I just I refuse to eat vanilla ice cream. It just has no taste. I understand. It's a beta site with that's like eating cardboard
Well, well, what's the point? We'll be like eating vanilla halva. I mean chocolate halva. That's not too bad
Yeah
Especially that real greasy kind of you were counting brought to the hockey games that time to give me wild diarrhea and
very painful defecation
Oh, and by the way the reason Duff was selected to record that spot. They again they said he was an expert in that area
Attention man
Which of these best describes why you listen to the near Roger show for a few laughs 123
54.5% here the stories near reads 59 26 point
Now before I even waste my time reading the result of this poll here. It's the same thing with our website
And we've taken that poll every once in a while maybe we'll do that again soon too
Because we already know what the answer is they want to see the naked pictures right right?
We're spiderweb got a beauty of money capriel today. It's one of our all-time best if you ask me
It's a magnificent picture and also we still got the old boon in the box and the lovely Michael Moore and his gigantic
Ask Michael Powell what I say Michael Moore. He's also got a big ass, but so Michael Powell's much bigger ass little spot
You're the poor Michael Moore
Don't worry the uh, did I mention a can festival starts today
You didn't mention that oh, can't film festival starts today and the movie is in the can
They'll be watching it'll get all the awards again, and it will be out this summer all over the country with or without
Eisner, okay with or without Disney with or without Mickey Mouse with or without your good friend Eisner
All these people
The price of arrogance for reads the Carla, but the website they don't care about all the stories
And I work my ass off and so do you what I'm not around to put really meaningful media stories under that
The kind of stuff that people read to be need to be reading that they're not getting from the general American news media
And most people aren't gonna be bothered with that crap. How many people do you think really read those stories?
Yeah, if I ever felt like I was spending my wheels. It's doing that. Do you really? Yeah
I talked about it if I felt that if I felt that way I would just give up doing it
And it would be happy about that because it takes up a lot of his time and of course it wouldn't take up nearly as much of his time
If he'd let you know turn the purse strings loose to so Josh can do some of that which is the reason like we got that the
That laptop computer. Yeah, we didn't just get it so Josh can look at a bunch of porno websites on here and like be in Russia and Bogd Jr
We should have got him a laptop dance
There you go
But nevertheless, I mean, you know one of these days maybe in a fusion of generous mood
Say, oh, well guess what Josh. I guess you can put some of the real simple stories on here
But I don't really trust it. They do it right job. I mean like it worries. I think they're important, but I just wonder
You know, I just wonder how many people actually read those stories
30 man
The rest of the people and you'll notice how they tremendous volume of
Traffic we have on our website now since we started the beaded curtain and we have the naked pictures
Which I'd say about 90% of the guys out there want to see the naked pictures of the broads and about 10% want to see pants boon in the box
Right right that's about right although there's not much to say no
Very disappointing maybe it was cold that day mue pakenia
What?
I don't think it was cold at all although quite frankly. I'll let you find out
Poor pack boon man. What a another another sad tragic tragic youth gone the down the wrong road
It came to that fork in the road man
And I think he I think he took that 2d fruity road myself
Did you know that he did he recorded 2d fruity? Oh, yeah, I saw the video. I rudy yeah
Little wretchedy and they they haven't been speaking together to each other ever since
And he used to be so tight now. Didn't we already do that pull on the worst remake of record? Then we do or did we do something like that? Yeah
That's a sweet one. You know what he says that yeah, like go don't do that again
Yeah, yeah, I'm not as slow as you think okay. I caught that
That's really likes those pole builds. Yeah. Oh, yeah, especially the ones where you have to have like 800 different names on their song titles movie titles
We're gonna be starting out tomorrow. What's your favorite Shakespearean paragraph? Yeah, what's your favorite word
That we can still say on the air well. There's only
So that should narrow it down
For reads of Carla writes well before I do this I probably should take some of the good calls WQA him hello
Yes, no, no, the next one. We're in Jones
See I didn't even need you on that one. Yeah, I know
See now I finally caught he's got that tone in his voice now. We got that tone Reverend John's yeah the great one. That's actually jazz
Why don't I don't really care which is which okay? I'll leave you the the minutia of the details of which is which news on top and who's on bottom
WQA him hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I just wanted to let you know that I don't even go to the Neil Rogers show
Web site anymore. I just go to Neil god.com to see the
The curtain because you can go right through it right
So have a nice day and thanks for your refreshing honesty, sir. There you go
So you try to try to give me a stooch. You don't need to go to your website. Just go to Neil
So what do we care? We put it on there so you can look at it
If it does it really is an a sweat off of my ass. No, what do I care? Oh
But you can tell by the way like the hidden run job. They're like you know having our stay click
Like like I it's gonna hurt my feelings. We don't care. What do I care?
Do you care?
About what the choice coming out right
probably around the same time is a duff
For reads the collar writes in newsweek the price of arrogance
America's ushering in a new responsibility error says president Bush is part of his standard stump speech
Where each of us understands where responsible for the assistance we make in life
When speaking about bad CEOs, he's even clearer as to what it entails
You're beginning to see the consequences of people making irresponsible decisions
They need to pay a price for their irresponsibility. He says
I take full responsibility said Dom or Rumsfeld in his congressional testimony last week
But what does this mean secretary Rumsfeld hastened to wear that he didn't plan to resign
And wasn't that ask anyone else who might have been responsible to resign as far as I can tell taking responsibility these days means
Nothing more than saying the magic words. I take responsibility
Or maybe I apologize
After the greatest terrorist attack against America no one was asked to resign and the White House didn't even want to launched into a serious investigation in a wood
The 9-11 commission was created after months of refusal because some of the victimist families
Presuded aggressively and simply didn't give up
After the fiasco over raki weapons of mass destruction not one person was ever re even reassigned
The only people who've been fired or cashiered in this administration are men like general Eric Shiniski Shinseki
Paul Neal and Larry Lindsay who spoke inconvenient truths
Rumsfeld went on his testimony to explain that these terrible acts were perpetrated by a small number
That's correct except the small number who are truly responsible are not the handful of uniform personnel currently being charged for the prison abuse scandal
The events at Abu Ghraib are part of a larger breakdown in American policy over the past two years
And it's been perpetrated by a small number of people at the highest levels of government
Since 9-11 a handful of officials at the top of the defense department and the vice presidents or a fist have
Commented here to American foreign and defense policy in the name of fighting terror
They have systematically weakened the traditional restraints that have made this country respected around the world
alliances international institutions norms and ethical conventions have all been deemed inexpensive indulges expensive indulgences at a time of crisis
Within weeks after 9-11 senior officials at the Pentagon and the White House began to drive to maximize American freedom of action
The attack specifically the Geneva conventions which governed behavior during wartime
Rumsfeld explained that the conventions did not apply to today's set of facts
He and his top a to try persistently to keep produce out of a reach of either American courts or international law
Presumably so they can be handled without those petty fogging rules as barriers
Rumsfeld initially fought both the uniform military and colon powerhards that prisoners in Guantanamo be accorded rights under the conventions
Eventually he gave in on the matter, but continue to suggest that the protocols were antiquated
Last week he said again that the Geneva conventions did not precisely apply and were simply basic rules
The conventions are not exactly optional. They're the law of the land signed by the president ratified by Congress
Rumsfeld's concern that al-Qaeda members do not wear uniforms in our thus unlawful combatants is understandable
But that's a determination that a military court would have to make in a war that would go on for decades
You cannot simply arrest detained people indefinitely on the say so of the Secretary of Defense
The basic attitude taken by Rumsfeld Cheney in their top aides has been word war all these sub-pieties will have to wait
as a result
Is that word not then you see the copy of this no to miracle I can read it all all these nice
ities I guess we'll have to wait same difference as a result
We've waged preemptive war in the latterly spread international cooperation rejected you in participation
You may lead an allies this kind of the need for local support in Iraq and incurred massive cost and blood and treasure
If the world is not to be trusted in these dangerous times key agencies of the American government like the state
Department are to be trusted even less
Congress is barely informed even on issues on which its advice and consent are constitutionally mandated
Leave process aside the results are plain on almost every issue involving post-war Iraq troop strength international support the credibility of exiles
debatification handling a total of al-Sistani
Washington's assumptions and policies have all been wrong
By now most have been reversed often too late to have much effect the strange combination of arrogance and incompetence
Is not only destroyed the hope for a new Iraq it's had the much broader effect of turning the United States into an international
Outlaw in the eyes of much of the world whether he wins or loses in November
George W. Bush's legacy is now clear the creation of a poisonous atmosphere of anti-Americanism around the globe
I'm sure he takes full responsibility
More how it is David and the only thing funny and then rape of it is that pipe smokers toward the one hour
Another thing
A little bit of a star by now
You have that little bit squeak voice and you expect to get anywhere a little beauty
Poo
We take you
And I take it
I want it to 35 white
I have come up
I want you
The more white
The more white you
Yeah, what about you
The more white hate you
What do I think?
And when I see you
I want to die
You're the category
Oh, Tonyl, she's a robot
Me in a donut
And point my body
Why you are a smth you
I know my smell attracts you
But unlike that you
You still got some job
I feel just like
That you are my brother
And what you need to another
That's why you are so much fine
That's it
That's right
That's right
That's right
I want to show
And what you
In a cowboy
If we kill it so far
Absolutely
Oh, promo to it
560 WQ unhappy Wednesday afternoon
And the reason I listen to the oldest hearing
Merpmo Howard David had says this back so there you go
And of course keep in mind
Oh, we're fine
That's why he listens
Oh, do we want to put that on there?
What?
That's the job
No, we're not going to add on to this pool
Don't get sucked into that game
It was kind of cute
I waited there
I played the guy the bit
Okay, which I love that bit
But let's not add on
This is not a pool that needs to be embellished, expanded, etc
Which of these best describes
Why you listen to the Neil Roger show
For a few laps
A yuck or two here or there
168
54.1 percent
Here the stories Neil reads
82
26.4 percent
That's not really that bad
Because I'm sure that there's like mix and match
There's you what I'm saying
We didn't ask which of these best describes
It kills four hours of my boring life
I have no life
34
I hate Neil but I can't turn it off 11
Now we're starting to get to the truth
Now we knew I knew that would go up
Hate me like poison
Probably hate you even worse if that's possible
But they can't turn it off
To hear the crazy and the crank calls
Nine and nine
And to hear the call is opinion six
Not too uh
Not too thrilling there would have callers
For some strange reason
Now
Let's see you're like this
Let's say something good about John Kerry for change
Can't say too much
Democratic challenger John Kerry said today his first choices
Defense secretary would be
Republican senator John McCain
As he criticized the Bush administration for failed policies in Iraq
Kerry slammed Bush and Defense Secretary Rumsfeld for the abuse of Iraqi prisoners
They're figured to build an international coalition
Other
Miscalculation surrounding this war
This thing has been so extraordinarily mismanaged
And in an ugly prosecutor he said
He told I miss in the morning
Well, we missed that this morning. Thank God
A day after army major general Antonio Taguba
Toll Congress the abuse re reflected the failure of leadership in the US Armed Forces
We're renewing this call for Bush to take full responsibility
See there as again
And Rumsfeld to resign despite his apology
Kerry singled out to McCain of Arizona
A fellow Vietnam veteran and frequent Bush critic
When pressed on who he want running the Pentagon
Here we listed several other possible candidates
Who could manage the Pentagon very effectively including
Democratic Senator Carl Levitt of Michigan
Republican Senator John Warner for Virginia
Yadi Yadi Yadi in a partridge in a pair of tree
That's a good move though of mentioning McCain
Don't you think? I absolutely do
Public likes John McCain
They feel a little bad about that thing on his cheek
But nevertheless they like him a lot
I like him
Now wait a year this
You sitting down?
Oh yeah
New York Daily News Michael Goodwin's column today
Liberal radio is airing bad jokes and worst taste
There's one word in here
I can't even read on here
It's not not a I just can't read it
You'll understand why
All right
The United States is on the slippery slope to theocratic fascism
The Catholic Church has been secretly encouraging oral sex for years
The French secretary Donald Rumsfeld ought to be tortured
President Bush should be taken out and I can't read it
Okay
But it doesn't need any comment
It's just no why I can't read
Those are a few nut-so-nuggets from the host of
Aramereca Radio which calls itself the new liberal voice
The fledgling network is carried in New York on WLIV 1190 AM
With the Iraq torture scandal everywhere I tuned in expecting the
Her sober policy analysis mixed with Glee over
President Bush's political pickle
Instead I got 10 hours of rancid venom
directed at the president Rumsfeld Rush Limbaugh
The Catholic Church and anyone else the host felt like slamming
If you're a card-carrying liberal who likes crude sex jokes
And a cartoonish echo chamber
Air America is for you
Take one host linking of the talk of pulling out the troops with a claim that
That's what the Catholic Church has about
Primeral sex
Ha ha
The network aims to give Democrats a media organization to counter Limbaugh
And others on the right who dominate talk radio
What national public radio in the New York Times aren't enough
The signing of comedian and best sounding author Al Franken gave air
America a liberal drawing card but if his three-hour show on Monday was
typical he could sink the ship instead of saving it
Two attempts at humor offensive in his
Oy Oy show
Set to Israeli music
A sidekick reads news reports in this case the murder of the Russian
Back President of Chechnya
Franken's rule is to pipe up a lighthearted
Oy Oy Oy
Yep nothing tickles the ribs like an assassination
Franken also imitated a priest-given
Communion saying body of Christ when an imagined
Pedophile priest was in line
But not for you when pro-choice politicians came up
The Church was a day-long obsession as was Limbaugh
He's an awful man of pig and a Nazi
Franken said
Color may confuse if Franken and company hate to pill-pob a Limbaugh so much
Why imitate his tarpit tone sounds like Limbaugh simply driven them nuts
Missing was the tension that comes from honest debate only Franken had guest voice even the slightest distance
From the party line which is that John Curie is perfect except he should attack Bushmore
The Queen of Venom Randy Rhodes
That is a great line the Queen of Venom Randy Rhodes followed Franken in the hosts slot
Her imitation of a cracker military type telling a soldier to insert this
Florescent light bulb into that man's buttocks was revolting
She compared US prisons interact to the Nazi ghoulog and said
The day I say thank you to Rumsfield is the same day
I'll say thank you to the 12 people who raped me
Rock bottom came when she compared Bush and his family to the Corleone's and the Godfather's Saga
Like Frado somebody ought to take him out fishing and oh geez
You know somebody ought to explain to this girl the things that you can and cannot say on the year about any present
Not just this one
Jesus
Jesus Christ and then up to just make you want to cry
Assuming it's all true. Yeah, how I have I don't think that the guy's gonna make this up. It's you know
During a day of torture by radio I heard ads for Hulib Packard Greyhound and especially general Motors
I asked GM. I had appeared in such shows
Ridee Karney GM's manager marketing communications said the ads were wrongly picked from an earlier deal with WLIV
She said the station was ordered the season assistance that they added
GM will not advertise that any of America for you. It's well good. He good good gumdrops for them
I don't see really all of that much in there except of course that comment that she made what you can't see on here
But again, you know when you take stuff out of context. What does it really mean except for the fact that Al Franken is okay on and print
He's not a broadcaster
And that she obviously is like going off the deep end evidently all for deep end man
Jesus
Anyway, so there's this guy's probably a right-winger anyway. I don't have no Michael Goodwin
calmness in New York Daily News. I have no idea. Never heard of it. No
Anyway, there you go the three-reprooze hold on they are posed with ordinarily is very far to the right
Show me of the Daily News. They're just about anybody else
But they got a really good calm here by John Crudell. What are they smoking at the labor department? You're like this one
He says don't get too excited about all those new jobs that were supposed to be created in April
I'm not going to waste a lot of my precious space on this
But the bottom line is that most of the 288,000 jobs that the labor departments has were created last month may not really exist
They could be figments of statisticians optimism
Anyone who plotted through my column last Thursday knows I predicted that job growth in April would be better than the 160 to 170
Thousands jobs the pros were anticipating
But I also said quite emphatically. I hope that the stronger growth would be an illusion
The result of the labor department's computers making happy predictions about seasonal job creation
Could neither be verified or justified. I'll explain one aspect
Back in the March employment report the government added
153,000 positions to its revised total of
337,000 new jobs because it thought but couldn't prove loads of new companies were being created in this economy
That estimate comes from the labor department's birth death model
You can look up these numbers on the department's website as staggering as the assumption about new companies was in March
The labor department cut even more brazen than April
Last Friday was disclosed that these imagery imaginary jobs have been increased by 117,000 to 270,000 for the latest month because I guess the statjockey's got a vision from the gods of spring
Without those extra 117,000 make-believe jobs the real total growth rate would have been just
171,000 subpar for an economy that's supposed to be growing at more than 4% a year but right on the pros targets
Take away all 270,000 make-believe jobs and what you have the sort of pessimism that the political pollsters are seeing
If I was the suspicious type and if I thought Washington was smart enough
I suspect a nasty motive behind the sudden surge in these mystery jobs, but for now let's just acknowledge their existence
Also keep in mind that the government doesn't distinguish between good companies being created and say a guy doing
Consulting work out of his basement because he can't find real work
What is this new job run announcement mean in the real world?
It means it'll be more pressure on the financial markets as we've seen for a while
But especially since last Thursday
It also means that the federal reserve now is the excuse it needs to raise interest rates in June is
I've said what happened before and we'll probably start regretting that move by the end of the summer
And President Bush will probably give him the temptation and start crowing about the economy
Going against the mood is captured by pollsters. This will make him look as out of touch as reality with reality as his father did
And here's some more bad news about Iraqi rights
A source in the intelligence community
Community tells me that the UN oil embargo of Saddam Hussein was worthless because Iraqi oil was being shipped all of these years to a
Caribbean island called St. Eustaceous
Unloaded onto unshore tanks and then reloaded in the US bomb tanker ships
The same switcher was being done with Iranian oil on told oh and the sources say Washington would rather than nobody know about this
Wait, how do you like that?
Gee
That Saddam was enabled to it and I'll tell you to speak about evil people
Some of these idiotic comments that have been made in the last 24 hours since the beginning of the American
Since he had his head sliced off by much of al-Qaeda lunatics
This goes to Sharia what evil people these are and about you know
As if we need a reminder after they kill 3000 innocent people by hijacking planes and flying them into buildings
They're bad people. Oh no kidding
I forgot about that hadn't you?
12 minutes past noon. They're naughty and they're nasty. They need to be spanked bad
So let's attack a country that had nothing to do with it. Yeah, let's like attack
spade and door of that
Oh Chinese already did that. Oh
Well the Dalai Lama was just here a couple weeks ago or in right here in Toronto
But a whole bunch of the Narputus people all the people with her schmatzes on did he dilly dally?
I don't know. I don't I don't want to see him
You got enough bald head at geeks at QAM. They don't need to see the Dalai Lama. Although I didn't reach out my window
I waved said hello Dalai a couple of times. He said you know look like the way Armstrong
Vom is TV but it's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver the pick
In fact, I saw a TV spot for a film about an hour ago. I forgot to tell you
Yeah, we're probably out of the room
The picture is so superior to regular TV you will not believe it the qualities like comparing the latest DV need to your old
scratchy wedding video
Vom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV
Vom is got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience
including the satellite dish HD receiver and their remote what's not to like and Vom's got over 30 channels
But third man of HD programming can watch ESPN and high definition that's three times more HD channels
And you get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO and MTV even
Local channels Vom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment when we've has exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports
That you can't even get from your cable or satellite company
So with Vom you get everything you've got now plus all these awesome high definition channels too
Call Vom today till free at 1 866 848
666 or visit Vom.com for limited time offer which includes free installation no upfront cost and no long-term commitment
That's 1 866 848 8666 or check them on a web at Vom.com to start Voming today. Offer ends May 31
My
And look all this is sports radio by city
It's are you laughing for me now
And then the Lord said let there be light
And low there was light from the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible
Comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s
Yes, it's the wrapping
Bible there was dark everywhere then the man said light and the light was there
He said I done good there's no doubt on the seventh day. He just chill out
Genesis Genesis beginning of that beginning of this finally the good book
And his where it is now check it out
There's a town called Sotter and tomorrow everybody party like no tomorrow
God look down
Sit now my fall don't look back or you turn too far
That's why to the beat started to freak the cow came up and let's
Take a lick your a cheek your imagine all the song all the parables every sacred biblical word
Interpreted by the finest sucker MC of all time
For wrapping Bible making his word fresh again
From my 10 at 560 w2m the mad dog Jim Mandage the man he'll be along it to this afternoon
Then you got Kim Bo camper who's even a bigger man in some respects
Is he gonna bring that cow with him from front of the dealership? I'm I'm here
I don't want to like bring your personal stuff in on the air
But why are you not getting your vehicle fixed at
Kim Bo camper's dealership?
Well, be on my budget
Considering what it needs done. It's not under warranty. Not no more old
Four years old now. Yeah
Then that sound like a sob story to you Josh. Yeah a little bit
Don't teach it go like to some Israeli businessman and get the ripped off man. That'll teach you
See that article I read from the daily news. I'm almost sorry that I read it about your America
It indicates to me just have this with you
But the idea that he's expecting to tune in and hear a bunch of really straight-laced political
That would be the biggest kiss of that at least if they're trying a little bit of humor on there
Maybe they might have a chance all the way down it, but maybe they might say and maybe if some of it was actually funny
The only thing I'd find very disturbing though
Was that this skid he was describing on the al franken show was obviously
Scrake everything he does is scripted right
Well, that's because he's a scripter he writes
But how can you be a broadcaster and read from a script?
And there he is one thing if you're reading bedtime stories
Okay, which I think I'm probably the only one who does that and it's probably pretty boring
But I mean to be to do be doing your show reading from a script comedy stuff
Oh my god
That's when I saw that clip of them doing the show and the Monday morning show and if those were
No, they were just chatting their him and his cohort. Oh, there's a chat show. Yeah
Although I think they were pronouncing it wrong. I see probably US military opens investigation into
Well, it's the abuse of prisoner in eastern Afghanistan. How do you like that? Oh my god
Kabul the US military is open and investigation into allegations that an Afghan police officer was stripped naked beaten and
photographed at US base in Afghanistan official said today
This must be just the other one of those strange coincidences when you think
Let's be
And then they just showed your girlfriend another again, Linda England that I'm thinking of myself
Cuz she's pricked and forget about that. I don't like them
Just thinking of myself all these poor schleps man who were over there
They're the ones that are gonna have to be the scapegoats because that's what they're looking for now is scapegoats
So we're gonna court martial her we're gonna court martial at other broad and a few other guys
And and there'd be like a you know half a dozen or so scapegoats and then all the other higher up
So who really were responsible for giving all the orders they'll just go along and marry away
Well, if it'll care if the soldiers die they're not gonna care if they go to jail right
The alleged abuse in Afghanistan occurred in August 2003 at the American base in the eastern town of Garda
60 miles south of the capital of Kabul
According to a statement by the US Embassy in Kabul the US military has launched an immediate investigation
The statement said adding US officials had a learn of the allegations from the media
Lieutenant Colonel Tucker Manseger a military spokesman said the case was only brought to the military's attention yesterday
And is being investigated by the army's criminal investigation department. He wouldn't discuss details
Saying they wanted to investigate in a totally impartial manner
New York Times quoted the former police Colonel
Syed Navi said dicky 47 a saying you subjected the sexual abuse
Totted in sleep deprivation and yada yada yada in the cartridge and appear tree
and
With same-sex marriage becoming legal in Massachusetts on Monday
Newspapers throughout the state are preparing to wash her in a new era by publishing the same sex wedding and engagement announcements on their pages in Massachusetts
What isn't clear? However is how many newly married gay and lesbian couples will choose the traditional method of using their local newspaper to trump at the news
Now I skit again when is Troy coming out?
Huh Troy
Less than two years after the New York Times did a crucial precedent by announcing its willingness to publicize same-sex unions and commitment ceremonies
The sands have shifted dramatically
Right Troy
Same-sex marriage is about to be legally sanctioned editors around Massachusetts say they have no crumbs about publicizing these events
A Boston Globe Survey of 15 Massachusetts
Daily's including the two largest Globe and a Herald found that they that's the Boston Herald of course found they plan to treat same-sex
Marriage announcements the same as heterosexual wedding news
Only one newspaper that responded to the Globe inquiry the Ponton data Gazette sit in heaven formerly decided whether to publish the announcements
Maybe they'll just spend their time Ponton the couples
You think they're a little teething too. They just have a dog track in Ponton. I wonder if it's still there
I haven't even thought about that yet said the man in jand under Dave Brown
Malik now is in that the paper would probably have said well isn't that great Troy I congratulate you Troy. Let us know who the lucky fella is
5 6 7 0 5 60 he did pound 5 60 on a AT&T
And Verizon wireless line wouldn't that be a hell of a quenilla Troy and Roy
I can just smell it now
Which in these best describes why you listen to the neo-roger show that's our second pull question today
378 votes
For a few laughs 202
To hear the stories neo reads 100 so 53.4% for a few yucks
26 and a half percent for those bedtime stories
And then of course we got those other people who want make sure we understand they don't even go to neo-rogers.com on our website
They're like subverting. They're going behind our back. So then get right to those dirty pictures
Yeah, well, we have a backdoor for them. Yeah, but I bet you that kids got his own
It kills four hours of my boring life 43. There's at least some honesty there. I have no life
I hate neo, but I can't turn it off 14 hate him despising
To hear the crazy and crank callers 12 and hear the callers opinion 7 out of 378 the callers aren't doing too well there
What would get the distinct feeling that maybe the callers have been the little on the weak side for the last how many years now
They might pick up like this call online nine. I bet she's gonna be a real wiener. Hello. There's nothing else on
What is it? There's nothing else on
That's why there's nothing else on yep your radio only picks up Q a m
Don't you post the hang up a new one now? No, I'm waiting. I'm just waiting for you to come up with some new material
Okay
Okay, don't have it can't do it see that's them right there that's the reason that the callers are in last place because of you
Season shocked that I actually like I mean, I'm not gonna be hurry to hang up on people
The brother's a few we make an exception on
But he's so sad almost felt sorry for him there. There's nothing else on
See but that already is in the category of the kill four hours of my boring life, see I have no life
That's what you're trying to say pal. We already put a perfect category for you there
He didn't even recognize it. No wqm. Hello
Neil yes, sir
There's another reason why people listen to you and it's what is that sir?
And you can phrase it one of two ways Neil tells it like it is and you can trust that
Or what he'll says makes a lot of sense
Uh-huh
That's the reason why I listen to you you're honest
I know you're a carry supporter, but there have even been times when you've come out and said I can't figure out
What John Kerry's doing ways and I'll put out right you know, I just like the fact that
In not afraid to be straightforward and tell the truth I'm gonna be straight man
Well, I know
You know, you know, I'm trying to say you I do there's value to what you have to say on your program
Thanks for the look job man. Thank you so much. Okay. See you. Bye. Let's put that on there because Neil tells it like it is
Huh? Yeah, I'm just gonna bend over and let you kiss my dear ears
There you go. I like I understand what you say. Maybe that would be a nice thing
There's nothing wrong with being nice once in a while
I was telling George the other morning off the earth and I'll say right on the ear
That since I've been hearing Toronto the last couple of years have been part of the time that I find myself being a much nicer person
Sure, I hold the door open for people
I it converts a little bit with my neighbors when they come into building with their groceries or whatever on the elevator
And I just I just find myself doing things that in South Florida wouldn't dream of being like nice to strangers
And people respond in kind. They're nice. They're friendly
Not no, not I'm not just slapping all over you but but just friendly in a very pleasant way pleasant
A word that doesn't exist in South Florida doesn't know
So let's get that on the right away, Josh because Neil tells it like it is
Oh god
No, Neil gives it to you straight. No. Yeah, that's what you think
Oh, by the way, speaking to that absolutely what a man is considering a here replacement
Is greatest concern is how natural it's gonna look can other people tell well? They say oh look at that cloud
Looking piece without crazy mop
You can always spot a bad hair system a dead mule man, but how many good ones go unnoticed
Charles Alfair is designed and supplied hair systems to show business celebrities and regular people for more than 35 years
He's appeared as a guest on good morning America think today show CBS morning news etc
Introducing his patented unmatchable hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hairline system in the universe
The most critical area of any hair system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin-like hair system is
100% un-un
Daily detectable
Let me try to get it. It's a hundred percent un detectable
Charlie's guaranteed you as tries hair system for 30 days
You don't love the way it looks in fields and smells if you're not getting like pawed at and clawed at and getting so much action
You were like worn out return it for a full refund
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim
shampoo and
So don't delay call Charlie day and change your life forever look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
Forget about that mousey piece. You call 1-800-321-2413
1-800-321-2413 or check them on the web at Charles Alfairi.com
You
What is it
Who cares who did more?
Absolutely no one say it again
You carry through his medals away
Pushed when it to the cards for two days
That's
Really give all day
I don't want to hear
Absolutely never don't say it again
Step to the issues you ain't helping doesn't listen to me
Oh
Let it say again
235 60 WDQA anyway Josh little spelling lesson here for you little grammar spelling all of these things
Okay, okay now I'm looking here
You did put that on or Neil tells it like it is which has seven votes already by the way. Thanks for our kiss of my ass
But why is there an apostrophe in the word tells
Mr as a matter of fact
Could there ever possibly be an apostrophe in the word TELS is there any possibility that or any circumstances for any meaning sure the word tells
Sure such as the guy didn't tell and he's got a pen. It's tells pen
With a small T. Well, no that would be a
I'm trying for
Why is that apostrophe in there?
Oops, and the worst part of it is now you can't change it
Eric can change it. So once again you have to rely on fat old Eric to go in there with his magic one
Make you up as apostrophe go away. He's not so old
Just fat
That would you try to say was that a shot at Eric?
Yeah, there was a shot at fat Eric up there in Orlando man shame on you
428 votes which of these best describes why you listen to this program and why why why for a few laughs
227 53 few chuckles like that
Here these stories those bedtime stories those ponderous long stories that Neil fumbles and bubbles over
108 25.2 percent
Although actually then reading fairly well because my blood sugar is under 500 good job
It kills four hours of my boring life 49 11.1 percent say I have no life and they're right and we understand they're in South Florida
What do you expect?
To hear the crazy and crank calls
15 I hate Neil but can't turn it off 15 Neil tells it like it is a dozen. It's moving up there already. Thank you, sir
And fear the callers opinions nine out of 440 votes see
I hate to break it to that columnist in the New York Daily News and also the people that are America
But that whole right versus life. It's done. It's history. It's finito. Okay the old style talk radio any I could have told them that saved them a lot of money
For for one hundredth of whatever their money. They're wasting on his crap. I could have saved them all that money
Said forget about it
Don't waste millions and millions and try to put on a liberal talk network. It's gonna go over like halivine
Siberia the god about it right
Although halivine microwave pretty well Siberia. They probably still have a lot of old Jews. Let's talk the way there
See what I'm saying? What he said? I'm saying Mo Wattabi in Siberia
56705 60 pound 560 here's a good story though
Well, you know, it's doubly good. You want to know why because it's in Dave County
And since all of us and that's right josh lives in Dave. Well, that's okay. The amount of money you got
You don't have to wait up in time date. You know, that's right. It lives in western coral spring somewhere around there
So we're three for three we live in
Yeah
Dave County commissioners yesterday gave their blessing to wait 367
Million dollar plan to build a retractable roof ballpark for the marlins southwest of the orange bowl
Anybody want to go there? No, anybody want to go anywhere near the orange bowl? No, of course not
Practice reading about him makes makes me want to run to another bowl
acknowledging there's still numerous questions to be answered and much work that needs to be done
Commission's voted eight to three for the proposal the plan was approved unanimously by the city commission in Miami last week
Of course, this is before the marlins lost to Houston six to one last night. They might change their mind
The vote allows city county and team officials to begin work in earnest on a full financing proposal
With legal guarantees and construction specifications
But the plan is contingent on selling the the city selling the old Miami arena a process already underway
And securing a sales tax rebate from the state that would fill a 30 million dollar financing gap
In the plan
Although officials are hopeful for the stable grant the team the two million dollar sales takes tax rebate for 30 years
During next year's session marlins president david samson said the team will need to come up with an alternate plan
Should the state funding not come through
Samson said construction will need to be started by December or January to ensure April
2007 opening the team is counting on or else the plan calls for a 38,000-seat ball park in a 2500 space parking garage
The team committed 20 million bucks upfront 127 million in rent payments from future revenue when ten million dollars from a ticket
Sir charge and a parkers in a pair of three
5605 60
560 let's hear it. It's in date county baby us Broward people
We don't have to pay a dime taxes on it and then if people want to go to the games, they can go
It's gonna be right near the orange bull. I know that's your favorite. Oh
Yeah, go there on wqam. Hello. Yeah, hello. I talk to me. Speaking
Neil yes, hey, how you doing all right? Good good. I just first time caller long time listener
All right
Yeah, just wanted to let you know um listen
I think you're doing an amazing job and keep the things real down here in South Florida for a change compared to the other
talk shows and
I just want to let you know overall these years you never lost your integrity you stay close to your gun and
You know, people were more on the same page as you and
Just keep doing what you're doing and keep fighting the good fight because we need more people like you around
Thanks a lot, pali. You got him. I'm gonna tell myself off. Thank you. Okay. That was good. When they're good call
Sure, I didn't realize we're gonna have everybody a lick niels ass
Hi, pali. That's good. I mean don't look too hard because that's bad for your words
That's what Duff was explaining me before the show today. He says it causes very painful identification
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and I'll tell you one thing Duff knows that he knows it inside now
But why oh he knows his ass
He knows his ass from your elbow. Oh, there's something funny on TV. Oh, now bet you there was
In fact, if you don't cut the crap, he might have his elbow up your nose pretty soon if you don't watch it
On to your armpit or somewhere maybe old joshes. I'll always watch in it
20 till one at five sixty down. I don't know what it is
But that is it just me or today seem to be like for a fairly pleasant day and we're not supposed to feel really good
In American guy a young guy with his heads chopped off yesterday. What do you talk? We're sitting here. Why die every day
Well, that's true, but I mean this was you know what we're making a bigger deal out of this because they got it on video
And just like those pictures of all the
Dehumanization of the Iraqi prisoners when you have the pictures man
That's what makes it more graphic if it's just like some kind of you know vague
Nebulous. Oh, there's a bunch of dead people over there
And then of course if you prevent the people from seeing the coffins which they're they're just frantically trying to continue doing that
Then it makes it seem like not even real, you know
But as some people we know would say is real
Cool, it's another one. Oh
Hey
Lomster fest is back at the Emerald coast if you've never been there
But you are missing a feast the likes of what you've never seen in your life the service is great
You'll never leave on empty stomach in fact you're probably a waddle out of there
Can you imagine the beast and Zach at the Emerald coast at the same time?
I guarantee you Richard probably slammed those door shots. They all by the way were remodeling
Emerald coast offers you sensational mouthwatering dishes everything fresh fantastic
They don't use any crap no MSG no cornstarch
They cook only with cholesterol free oils start out with six different soups
You can try any or all of them if you like and then sample zillions of delicious entrees
New York strip made order through sizzling Asian grill the new Hunan fish
They got main lobster thermidor style. Notice main is spelled here main
How much it just has a new thread in this copy. I knew they've lost their thermidor style
Jonah crab oysters on a half shell hand-car primib great new Thai specialties and of course
Got a full salad bar a full Chinese food lineup their brand new sushi bar and even fresh
Sea of cocktail
And if there's any room after sampling all of this stuff just shoveling it down your face
Waddle over to the dessert station because they've got a fantastic end
In fact, you'll probably have a pretty big end too when you're finishing all of this
They've got dessert bar featuring Belgian waffles and pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings
Even a fresh fruit and there's nothing like they'll told me this morning like a fresh fruit
What a way to win a fantastic feast
Three locations Pemberpine sunny outside and sunrise
So take the whole family of book your next business lunch and right now at the animal coast and let them cook up a storm
For you take out and the livers always available voted number one buys to get restaurant reviews and WSV
And news is sound photos best Asian buffet and I wholeheartedly concur call 9545723822 ask Richard how those leaves do now
9545723822 for the unbeatable animal coast Chinese buffet
My name is Neil
We're sports radio 560
2 a.m
Tonight on the North Korean food channel chef Kim brings us a best in show from west minstack
Kim skeinine cuisine features shepherd soup and a bulldog broth served with cauliflower and french food fries
What does a poodle like this fish nowadays? I don't know
Here boy
I understand coley reheats well too. Yep, just nuke it up
Won't that upset the US government
He's the best in store from west minstack tonight on the Korean food channel
Well 2614 to 1 at 560 WQM the scandal of prisoner abuses by US soldiers in Iraq has dealt a bigger blow to the US than the September 11th attacks
The Vatican Foreign Minister told Nathagin newspaper. You ready for that? Okay
In an interview published today in the Romneyley La Re publica archbishop Giovanni La Jolo described the abuses as a tragic episode
In the relationship with Islam and said the scandal would fuel hatred for the west and for Christianity no Schmitt
The torture a more serious blow to the US than 911 except that the blow was not inflicted by terrorists
But by Americans against themselves La Jolo was quoted as saying in La Re publica
La Jolo said that intelligence people in Arab countries understand that in a democracy such episodes are not hidden and are punished
Still the vast mass of people under the influence of Arab media cannot but feel a version in hate for the west growing inside themselves
And yet if the West is often identified with Christianity
Oi
The remarks went up the first by La Jolo on the abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and the wake of the scandal
He had said that a democracy should punish those responsible and their direct superiors
In fact the speaking of punishing your superiors how about you pops
The Vatican paper La Zerva Thoreau Romano has also won some harsh comments in the past days
On Monday criticized what it called a Pentagon cover up until Sharpeh with the photograph of a soldier holding a prisoner by a leash
And Wednesday's interview today La Jolo said the coalition's party should be putting as soon as possible at the head of the Iraqi
Executive and Iraqi leader who speaks to the Iraqis in Arabic and not in English
In other words somebody they might understand then we've got a problem
President Bush is scheduled to hold talks with the Pope in the Vatican on June 4th. Oh my God
Absolutely correct sir
Wow
W and the Pope can you can you just see that oh man
Man oh man who's the most incoherent in that meeting well the Pope can speak English
Yeah
On his coherent days yeah
You
You see women speaking about the subject
For who to shaker?
Who to shaker who to funk it and who to her sister who to shaker
For who to shaker the humiliation began at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Baghdad
American soldiers demanded to search her handbag when she refused one of the soldiers put it is gun toward her chest
He pointed the laser site directly in the middle of my chest said professor shaker a political scientist at Baghdad University
Then he pointed to his penis. He told me come here bitch. I'm going to
you
The f-word
The incident is one of a number in which US soldiers are alleged to have abused intimidated or sexually humiliated Iraqi women
According to professor shaker
Several women held an oboe grabbed yogurt sexually abused including one who was raped by an American military
Policeman and became pregnant. She is now disappeared
Huh
Just like that vanished maybe she's put on too much of that vanishing cream
Most of the coverage of the prisoner abused at oboe grave has focused on a raki men
But there's compelling evidence that several female prisoners who are in a minority at the jail were abused as well
I mean, why should they leave them out in the exception?
A female colleague of mine was arrested taken and when I asked her after she was released what happened at oboe grave
She started crying professor shaker said
Ladies here are afraid and shy of talking about such subjects. This everything is okay
Even in a very advanced society in the west it's difficult to talk about rape, but I think it happened
Few women released from US detention have come forward to talk about their experiences in a Muslim society
Where rape is sometimes equated with shaman victims can be killed to salvage family honor. She kept her honor
I believe in a medicah
Let's watch that again
What do you say
Only none of those phrases about Freito now
No
Mamma mia
You cannot like a man
Put your arms
Don't think you put a brains all over your nice side release suit
5670560 pound 560
I think your brain is going to start from all that comedy you play with a young girl
Up against the door
Well, she was really nasty. No, man. Yeah, her
She must add a great answer something because she was a nasty although she was beautiful compared to Sophia
Yeah, well, but then again so is my ass
Wow
I'm proudy. Let's let's recut that movie just blow her away in the beginning and man that movie give
Go zooming up there past the life
Right, and George Hamilton, right then you got something
We have an understanding
Oh
The old docky puss. That was my ass
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
What is John carry on with I'mus you get the the the war out of the pocket of the American taxpayer
exclusively by getting an international group of countries doesn't have to be under the UN
Though ultimately you want the UN to sign off on it
Tom you've been covered okay Tom WQA and hello
Yes
We're I'm coming down there to pick up some tickets. I know your address is 20295 north west second Avenue, right?
Are you guys north or south device?
No, just barely north. You know where the Kentucky fried is one light
One light north of eyes west side. I mean, you know the Kentucky fried chicken. Is there any side?
Yes, I that's where you make your turn right in there. It's a big white building with that looks like it's fallen apart
Yep, that's the one
Hey, Neil. You're good. How are you enjoying enjoy the game enjoy whatever you're going to is he going to a heat game? Is that what it is?
something like that
20295 north west second Avenue just like for the Kentucky fry on a corner say how to the kernel when you drive by
Right right here then right up the road from that we got a poio topical and then we got that
BP gas station in the quarter of the big gigantic one
It's right in front of that little strip mall there. It's got the publics in the Walgreens in it
And then right on the other corner course you got Chuck sub center. How's Chuck doing?
I haven't seen him lately. Oh, would you want to be ordering your lunch from Chuck every day?
We have howies
In fact, you know when he comes in say what's up Chuck? Oh
You got howie still is coming by with that gut wrenching bacon man or pounds and pounds of bacon
I get a nice chicken Caesar from howies and Josh gets the bacon egg and cheese sandwich
Oh, I think we're getting co-sandwiches from the condonuts for that fantastic coffee and
Donuts, but they bring donuts that the percentages Sydney Schanberg and the village voice rights. Is this America for now maybe
He says torture and humiliation of war prisoners is not in itself surprising
It happens in everywhere on both sides
Savage v after all is the very language of war transforming some combatants into feral avengers
And leading others to shed civilized norms and acquiesce in the acts
We send soldiers to kill others. Therefore to a degree we testly accept that
Vile things will occasionally happen
What makes this torture scandal different or makes it an earthquake for our government rather than a tremor is that it comes after a long
This heartening string of other revelations showing that this war was built on a foundation of deceptions
Suggesting a grave threat to our national security
Perhaps ingestification of these false premises president Bush aborting an evangelical Christian
Has told the American public in the world many times that it was the hand of the Almighty that guided him to send our troops into battle to liberate
Iraqi people from a brutal dictatorship that made torturous state policy
When a president proclaims a righteous war constantly using words like freedom and justice and invoking the will of God
He runs a great risk of losing the trust of his people if it turns out that indeed
The inv- instead the invasion was based not only on a heavenly vision
But on deeply flawed war plans that assume democracy could be transplanted anywhere with ease and at little cost
Our troops were put at unnecessary risk
Under a more truthful presidency the torture disclosures might have been less of a blow to the nation's stature
This scandal however has scarred America worldwide because Washington's arrogance alienated once friendly nations and because the
Prison images run so counter to the president's lofty words and claims
Torture and the Almighty do not fit together. This I guess this guy didn't be the Bible
This could be a presidency in the process of unraveling getting more and more naked as it loses its clothes
Cindy Shamburg in today's village voice well written if you ask me
The emperor has no clothes man
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Let's pick up some tickets go to a ballgame and forget all this crap
What do you say? Oh, right? Let's get back to the important stuff in life
Don't you agree? Sure, Troy
No
Bob shorten sweet but I was thinking more like
More like that
Yeah
The great defecator himself
Which of these best describes why you listen to the neo-Rodges shows our second pull question today the first one John Kerry man was kind of scary
They still love bubble. We asked who you are respect which politician you like the best for you whether they're honest or not and Bill
Pinto and baby Baba he kicked their ass
Bill Pinto and
Guess who they had on the crossfire yesterday speaking of idiots? I
Give up
Billy Anna was in a van all yellow. She really I mean
How is this possible? I realize that there are a lot of you banana boat people in cell phone are just be fused through cut the cord
You know, but how is it possible?
To be so stupid as to like follow her down the end of the garden path
I mean she is just pathetic because she says all the right thing is that what it is all the right thing
Well, it must be one dimensional because the only thing I ever heard her say
Was that I said it's a plot board all she ever says
Her and all those other Schmidt distributors down there in little Havana
Where they're going to stay by the way we're paying the orange ball you have a great time there. Yeah, Gordon's helping
256 and 560 wq am how's fat boy doing's matter fact
He's also he's from the Gary Skarner's Skarner school
Another one he's doing squat these days
He's doing crap
Spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from armstrong toyota of homestead
You'll find him on us one 20 minutes south of the 36 and it's worth a drive even if you live far away because they're gonna
Save you so much cash. They'll save you thousands on great new unbeatable toyotas
Check out the great least deals waiting for you right now and over a camera
You're for what are just 269 a month for 48 months. How about an old for a highlander for just 309 a month needed truck
How about this an old for Toyota Tundra the safest truck in the US of a just
179 a month for 48 months and lots of other great deals waiting for you right now to an armstrong toyota of homestead
General manager David rich in the staff will do anything out of the sun to put you in a great new toyota
Today your service departments even open late till late weeknight to make sure your service work is done
Because they want to make sure you're a happy camper
Easy to find in the right of the corner of US one two hundred ninety third sweet and homestead just 20 minutes south of the
36 arms strong toyota of homestead offers you a deal
Alexa which you've never heard right now free tires free batteries and replacement parts for life of your vehicle
That's right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody does that
So obviously it's well worth the drive
Go waste your time at those mega dealers and car drives who give you the big song and advance and scream me a lot and then let's you down
Call our friend David rich the GM at armstrong toyota of Hollywood for of homestead for a real unbeatable deal
It's 305 two four two year old. What I say right?
305 two four two thirty two forty seven
Traveled little and save a lot on that new toyota armstrong toyota of homestead like I said
This is for 20 or by six two a.m
I am frailie and our
Lateman and I like spreading my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the new
Okay, I'm gonna use the hour
I put some metals back to belong this approach is asked made up from back
Senator carries record raises through his doubts about his understanding of the broader struggle against
These guys want to argue about yet
35 years ago
Let's go do it the decision belong to Senator carries the nameless
Our today is a complete distraction by the administration facts that I'm ashamed almost certainly
Go be in control and wait as well. It's their attack method
This is what they do and it's coming from a president who can't even prove that he actually showed up
Can't even prove that he actually showed up for duty in the national guard
So
Sounds like times running out for hope the bushmeister we can only pray it's a one oh two of five sixty wdq amids are big one to two are you know?
I forgot to play today
That's average for late
Let's up you some more prisoners make them scream nice loud
Ah get me some wires and a factory pack. I don't care if they
From my rack to be used used you to the torture because they're just playing their game in the past
It had to be worse with the dumb who say
102 I think I just got through Sanis 102 boy time is this down one of those days when the clock stopped again
Is it no what's out of it?
It's 103 all right all right man that thing seemed like that would like we were hung in suspended animation like Larry King
Cubans stunned as government closes dollar only stores
Havana
See we did a great job with those UN sanctions in Iraq
Made the people's lives were like a living hell
And those sanctions are really working big in Cuba aren't they?
Yeah, they're getting the job done got cast throughout a power in two years
No question about in fact that visits from the pope. That's what really put them over the a
That's when he started smoking in really big fat ones
Cubans dollar only stores displayed closed for inventory signs yesterday after the Kami pinko government suddenly shut them down
blaming new U.S. measures aimed at squeezing the island's economy
Long line stretch from state and I'm sure that Fidel's probably really a just starvin now
Okay, you see how it may see
Long line stretch from state stores with food and personal hygiene products nearly the only items still sold the Cubans in dollars
As people scrambled to buy shampoo and soap from rapidly emptying shelves maybe aliena was anodinican finds some soap
Make this is insanity since 64-year-old Odila Morales waiting to buy laundry detergent politics are filthy
And evidently she is two amounts to buy some of detergent to wash them over clothing on
The government didn't say whether the stores would reopen but Julio Perez the administrator of Harris Brothers department store
Said they were merely giving dollar only stores time to mark up the prices of all their goods
It really isn't anything serious said Perez maybe it will only be three four five days or maybe not who knows
she said in face
Some question about the closure which prevents Cubans from spending dollars of the government stores would counteract the U.S.
Proposal is now sliced weak
Which aim to reduce hard currency on the island by limiting how often Cuban Americans can visit relatives
decreasing how much they can spend and
Providing money transfers to Cuban officials and county Pico party members
It's not helping the Cuban people and it's not helping the Cuban governments of Kermit
Or Mesa Lago an expert on the Cuban economy at the University of Pittsburgh all of this is bad bad economics and bad social welfare
Mesa Lago said the measures could strengthen the Cuban government's control over the economy
Cuba is forced to implement liberal reforms in the early 1990s to cope with losses Soviet aid and trade
Possession of dollars was legalized in 93 to draw hard currency from growing tourism and family purchases at the state stores
The government is steadily offered more and more goods in U.S. currency while the Cuban ration book of items available in pesos has withered
For many Cubans rations now cover eight eggs a pound of chicken
About a pint of cooking oil six pounds of rice a half pound of ground meat slash soy mixture
And a few other goods each month
The rest must be purchased at far higher prices either in pesos or in dollars
The dollar-wolley shops have been associated with social inequities that have worried Cuban leaders
The elite with access to greenbacks can easily buy everyday goods that a doctor cannot on a salary equivalent to 25 bucks a month
Three floor selling clothing mattresses and electrical goods were cordoned off and Harris brothers where employees stood behind empty counters looking confused
Other workers catered to dozens of shoppers buying cooking oil span and deodorant in the stores only open section
Dozens of stores along rolled Havanis commercial old bizzbo street selling toys shoes and fancy furniture never opened yesterday
gift shops and upscale hotels and other tourists ever were still selling t-shirts, crafts and camera film and dollars
Lotta perne as a 25 year old gift shopper said tourists would not be affected by the measures Cubans on the other hand were very uncertain
I am worried of course since we don't know if this is going to be a week a month or seven years perne
Said but we need to wait one shouldn't go into a panic is what she said
ah
The government said the dollar prices would be raised in food and gasoline and perhaps other products
But it is sure Cubans that other aspects of the economy would not be affected people will still be able to change money by food and
Paces at private private farmers markets and have access to such government services as healthcare and education
All of these things
Massa mesa logo said the dollar stores were open to 93 in large park to fight a growing black market in which goods were traded in dollars without
Passing through the state's hands once they closed this window then the black market is going to expand he be saying
Okay, so there you go there's the latest on Cuba. It was Cubans in Cuba doing it. Now this one any shape percent
56705 60 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line
Which of these best describes why you listen to the New Roger show
259 46% for a few laughs a few yucks a few chuckles in my otherwise dreary existence
To hear this stories neal reads 116 20 and a half percent that's dropping like a rock
out of five 65
Neal tells it like it is 83 look at that the way that's moving up there boldly
Not incredible just like smarty Jones in the Derby making a gigantic move in the stretch 83 for that
It kills four hours of my boring life. I have no life 56
To hear the crazy and crank calls 21. I hate Neal, but I can't turn it off 19. To hear the callers opinions 11
You'll see we'll make up for this are gonna get a lot of good calls. All right. You don't think
Not usually I think the calls this hour are gonna be memorable
The way I'm hello
Who I am yeah, I'm gonna help you speaking Neil yeah, um clicky question. I've been out of town for a while
I know you had been talking about it and I never did hear the results that you said a couple weeks ago that was
What happened between the big one of six ratings when they dropped Howard and I'm sure you spoke about it
I apologize, but I have the I happen to have it right here in my hand as a matter of fact
Here are the monthly men 18 plus numbers for WBGG
In January they had a 7.1 with Howard Stern in February with Howard Stern
They had a 9.9 in March with Stern off the air they had a 1.8
Beautiful 99 to a 180 and the worst part of the whole deal is that an idiot by the name of Howard Cohen in the business section
The Harold wrote an article a couple of days after the book came out saying big 106 doesn't lose any ground
After losing shock shock in the morning because he doesn't understand the ratings
He has no idea what he's talking about
I ripped him a gigantic ass on here never printed a correction. They don't really care about giving the public the truth
They lie like crazy. That's the hero
Yeah, listen to you because you're a god and you tell the truth. Thanks a lot, Pally. I'm a great thing
The Harold no corrections no nothing and never ever no
And I'll say well, you know technically and in fact, I'll say it again every single piece in that story
I remember like it was yesterday was a week ago Friday, but I remember like it was just yesterday
Because he said well, there's still number 17 in the first of all he's talking about 12 plus numbers with nobody cares about
Secondly, they never were number 17 12 plus so so in any respect
You can't justify that idiotic article in the business section and a monkey business section of the freaking Miami
Harold a sad excuse even for a fish wrapper even the parakeets at the parachungal screaming and yelling the macchi
What do they call them macaws? Okay, and the cockatoo's say don't put that thing in my cage in the herald either, all right
no mo
piece of turd
Tom jikam meantime and ducking him all the numbers. Did he write a story about the ratings? No about big 106 the gigantic precipitous decline no
You know, it really said because I tried to make amends with Tom a little bit there when we're doing at stop FCC
Thing and did write a couple of columns, you know about stirring this and so on and so forth mentioned me
But but in the meantime here's some and he just got this a version
We all he wants to do is write 85,000 articles about friends and phraser anything that begins with that far. Maybe father or tool
F are as in freaky. I mean, well, what is that?
You just have these one-dimensional little narrow-minded people in that market
They just want to write about the same tired crap all the time and his response is oh well nobody cares about the radio ratings
Right right
How many more articles do we need about phraser about third man about friend about third man
About the same tired cock and bull crap that you write all the time little Tommy garbage
Really sad what what a market man what a sad sad place
We could have been contenders you do realize that don't you instead of bombs instead of just beach bombs
But no
We're mired in a swillow South Florida man
And I sent out my heartiest condolences to the rest of you who are just trapped like prisoners like Patrick McGuwen on an island like prisoners and look over your shoulder because rovers coming
Make no mistake about that's what they said that
With those Iraqi prisoners to you better watch out because rovers coming. Yeah. Oh, buddy is
And it wasn't a big white ball either
I
Realized I'm back in the day you probably would have said something about that but probably gonna let go just as well to a dummy upright
Exactly
And if you're thinking about making some comment about their
Be very afraid
12 minutes after one at five sixty WDQ and we got the always ballsy mad dog gym manager to
The big gigantic bigger than life Kim Bo camper for the Humpir at four
From the trivile mommy heat arena from the Mickey a slip in the Mickey arena the croes on for half hour at seven
Which again we apologize for that although I don't think that's gonna be enough
Just one little apology the crow for half an hour, which is plenty I like that one then we got the marlins on decades
7 30 marlins at the Houston Astros at 805 Astros are hot as a pistol and the big
After the ballgame we have no idea why I'm probably better off not know
One thing we do know is that Vom is television, but it's not your regular ordinary pedestrian TV
It's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver the picture is so clear. It's like a freaking miracle. It is
Unbelievable
The quality is like comparing the latest DVD to your wedding video. There's just no comparison
Vom is the only other I don't know why I did that I was gonna say
Delayable. Yeah, okay
It's the only entertainment system designed specifically for high definition TV
Vom has the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including the satellite dish
Receiver and of course the remote and Vom's got over 30 channels
HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition
That's three times more than you get from cable and it got all your other favorite channels like hbom TV
Even the local channels as well. Vom is got over 120 channels of great entertainment to keep you busy
Vom's even got exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't even get at all from your cable or satellite company
So with Vom you get everything you've got now plus all these new awesome high definition channels to call Vom today to check this out
And to take advantage of their limited time offer call 1 866 848
666 right now they're offering you free installation no upfront cost and no long-term commitment
Offer ends 531 so get on the stick right now call tool free
1 866 848 8666 or check them on a web at Vom.com
Bye
Oh
Oh
So
Oh, right.
Because he is not on the run.
Who has been hidden?
The Democrats are all done.
I'm told this time to roll out a sauna
for the election.
18 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A.
It's interesting they're interviewing some of these
of mindless Americans about this beheading thing.
They are.
They're saying, well, as compared to these minor abuse
things that we don't condone those, but as compared, I mean, we didn't kill anybody.
We didn't?
Oh.
People to death?
No. Scads of them?
No.
And abuse the...
No.
They were just carcasses.
Just propaganda.
Quasimodo, man.
He was a hit.
608 votes. Which of these vests describes
why you listen to the Elijah show for a few laughs?
272.44.7%.
Here are the stories, Neil reads.
117.19.2%.
Neil tells it like it is 104.17.1%
are licking all over my bottom.
It kills four hours of my boring life.
I have no life.
59.
Almost 10%.
Here are the crazy and crank calls 23.
And of course you know who those 23 votes are, don't you?
Meppin' Jones, your gay.
That's who they are.
Camba?
This is Gaggy.
Yeah, those are the 23.
I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off 22.
And I hear the caller's opinions 11.
I think most of the audiences discovered all these long, painful years.
But the audience doesn't, for the most part, have any opinions.
As we discover every day.
But I told you this hour they'd be good, didn't I?
Right? That's so far.
WQM, hello.
QAM?
QAM?
WQM, hello.
Well, greetings. How are you doing, sir?
Okay, sir, greetings to you from the warm North.
I had a radio.
I had TV action about a week ago.
And I'm sure it's been covered since then that the return of the Congress
or expansion to the anchor desk.
Yeah.
So the anchor desk?
I'm sorry?
He's back on the anchor desk?
Oh, sir, WB39, it's 10 o'clock.
Oh, my God.
Yes, yes.
Oh, you didn't know.
Okay, yeah.
I know how about that?
They stuck them in there on a Wednesday night.
And then they was on against Thursday.
And then they started running ads for it.
You know, and I used to watch that every night, but I can't watch him.
It speaks to what you were saying about Frazier and Friends.
We have a media that used to listen to what people had to say and then wrote about that.
Now we have media that tells us what they want us to hear.
And I'm sorry, Rick Sanchez has absolutely no credibility and he should be pumping gaps somewhere.
Hopefully not too close to the stadium, though.
But he's got friends at NBC who keep thinking that he's some sort of super star.
They're going to inflict him on us until, and of course, because we know what channel 7th raise are.
There is an audience for drilling idiots that will watch him.
Well, but evidently, there's no audience for his drilling idiot show on Channel 6, though.
So that's why they're trying to move him into news.
Well, I think they're going to see what happens at 39 and if things go well there, they'll move him in and move Antonio.
Excellent.
I'll program it right off my set when I get back.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
There you go.
Have a great day.
What do you have to say about that, Rick?
I already have a homosexual relationship with NEO.
So I might as well have one with you too.
So who do you dislike most?
Greg V. Delo, Rick Sanchez.
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Well, Greg never killed anybody that we know of.
How do you know that?
That we know of.
Right.
I mean, he's had a few inquiries moments himself.
Right.
V. Delo.
But so far, no harm.
No foul.
Right.
We know of.
Right.
Just because somebody had a little accident there in front of the stadium and made the
guy to be a vegetable and the guy died, I think you're being a little bit of a hard ass to
keep holding that against my close friend, Rick.
Rick, Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
I can't believe that.
I guess that show is still on channel 6, which goes to show it.
Oh, and also, Jekyll the other day wrote not only about friends and Fraser, about the
great pool of talented channels, 7WSV and how they keep stealing all these people away,
like little Brian Andrews, who's the call to see it today.
I'm missing so much, not reading that paper.
Yeah.
I mean, something that really is a news story.
I mean, like I said the other day, even if the only thing he wrote about the Winter Rating
book about radio was about stirring going off in big 106, taking this gigantic dive and
losing almost all of their audience, that's a major story.
But no, Tom, you can't do that because nobody's going to tell you what to write about.
We need several more stories about Fraser and about friends going on.
Got good, man.
You know, the rest already, will you?
They just do the same.
Old hackneyed cock-a-man day after day after day.
You can read both the Harold and the Sun settle.
From the time you pick them up and take that little plastic sleeve off them up and you drive
away in the morning, from the time you slip that sleeve off it and the paper too and walk
to the tea room to sit down and take your morning dump.
You can read both papers, stand it up.
That's how little there is to read to them.
One of the great joys of life in a real city would have a real newspapers, which we have
two and a half here.
There's four papers, but two and a half real ones.
Sunday morning is the Florida legislature of joint and national debate over outsourcing,
saying the states are not higher companies that are laying off Americans in favor of
cheaper foreign labor.
House and Senate proposals requiring state contractors to hire U.S. workers were defeated
this session, but some lawmakers still are demanding a more thorough examination of the
issue.
Why do we want to spend our dollars in New Delhi when News Mernavich needs our help as
House Democratic leader Doug Walsh of St. Augustine.
Governor Jeb Bush calls their opposition ill-considered and politically motivated.
I'm going to tell you right now and mark it down.
The most evil doer of them all is not W. It's Jeb Bush.
Just remember I told you that.
He is the greatest evil doer of them all, the Jebster.
In a time when corporations do business all over the world, banning contractors with foreign
workers would be an expensive exercise in futility.
Bush wrote the spring in response to concerns of state senator Skip Campbell, Democrat of Tamarack.
Taking it to its logical conclusion, your proposal would require the state to remove the
Dell computer from your desk and the desk of most members of the Florida Senate because
Dell has manufacturing facilities in Brazil, Malaysia, and China.
You followed the logic there?
No.
The state contract fueling the debate began quietly in 1996 when managers of the Florida
Department of Children and Families, the FD's CF, sought to end its reliance on paper
food stamps and welfare checks.
That system requires large numbers of state employees to guard prices and distribute large
number of booklets.
The streamline at services floated to a private company, City Corporate Electronic
Financial Services.
The company used its banking expertise to replace paper stamps with electronic swipe cards
that work in ATMs and grocery store kiosks, saving the state about four million a year.
About 40 other states have signed similar contracts with CityCorp.
In 2000, state officials allowed the company to replace US call centers with four and
ones.
The approval was based on a present to federal government sent the year before.
Unices, a second state vendor that subcontracts in India, want to state contract to identify
and recover welfare for other mistakes.
Unices employees about 500 people in Florida, but turned to an Indian company called
Caratour to develop its computer codes.
Two of Caratour's programmers live in India, seven just relocated from India to Florida
to deliver and test the code, and another three live in the US.
Critics question whether the state shares the financial benefit when a contract to use
its foreign labor, Campbell has been trying to get the answer from state agencies.
Campbell asked if the expectation is that American workers are going to provide the service
say at $15 an hour, and that company goes over to Indian pays $2, who's getting the $13 profit?
It's unclear whether savings from Indian labor are passed on to taxpayers, cost to the
state of Florida about $1.80 a month for each food stamp account in 1996.
In the 2003 contract, three years after the company turned to foreign labor, the state
raised the rate to $2.19.
In total, the state pays to the crook, which JP Morgan Chase bought in January, about
14 in here.
Or do you know what the crooks, baby?
Crooks.
That's what you got.
Crooks.
Anything that Jeb Bush touches immediately, that bell should go off in your brain at buzzer.
Crook.
Lire.
Thief.
What do you call that?
Jeb Bush.
And how to hell you.
I still don't believe it.
How many people I think voted for Jeb Bush to get reelected?
About 30, man.
Perhaps.
I think every other vote was fake.
And I think it's important for you to know we headed on the website the other day, that
they're going to be purging the voter rolls again.
You do understand that, don't you?
On a national level, I understand.
Right.
We've got to get all you dark votes off those voter rolls, but it ain't going to get
Bush's re-election campaign going.
We've got to get all your darkies off of there.
Worked so well in Florida, they're going to do it all over.
That's right.
From coast to coast, from pillar to post.
Hamas militants, frankly, displayed remains of some of these six Israeli soldiers killed
in the roadside bombing in Gaza City yesterday.
There was some more today I should point out.
Promting Israeli threats of punishing reprisals if body parts are not returned.
Eight Palestinians were killed in 123 wounded in a battle that pitted hundreds of government
against Israeli troops firing from tanks, helicopters, and rooftops.
It's just another one of them bumps on the road map.
That's what the courttett told me.
The violence began after midnight when a small Israeli force entered the crowded Zaitun neighborhood
to look for weapons workshops.
As the troops withdrew around daybreak, an armored personnel carrier transporting at least
220 pounds of explosive for use in the raid was shredded by the roadside bomb.
We are checking every roof and every balcony where to locate the remnants of the armored personnel
carrier in the bodies of our soldiers said army general Dan Harrell.
They want the body parts.
Al Jazeera broadcast the video it said showed two masked Islamic Zihad activists taking responsibility
to explain what they said was the head of an Israeli soldier on a table in front of them.
Israel TV carried the footage but electronically obscured the head.
They blotted it out.
When it out, mask it out.
That seems to be the new deal now.
Is the severed heads.
They're probably going to be selling them all over the Arab world.
Let's think to have who sent the economy.
We're dealing with crazy people, folks.
I've been trying to tell you for a hundred years the religious nuts are the crazy people,
the dangerous ones, including your president, they, with his faith-based bullcrap, his faith-based slaughter.
Which of these best describes why you listen to the New Roger Show?
For a few laughs 289, 43%, 289, for a little chuckle.
Neil tells it like it is, that's moving to the second place already, 137.
He tells it like it is, even if it hurts, even if I tell you that we got beat by WC.
MQFM and we're number two proudly.
We can't compete with him, stick music stations.
So here are the stories, Neil reads, 121, only 18% George.
Here are all his bedtime stories.
Uh-oh.
Oh no, that was me, I'm sorry.
To hear the stories, he reads 18%.
It kills four hours of my boring life.
65 people.
I have no life.
I feel so of that one alone.
That one makes me feel like I'm doing something worthwhile.
Besides the paycheck.
Help here that kills four hours of these lifeless, poor software,
audience managers, desperate for anything.
Just to reach out, there's that voice, there's the voice I'm still alive.
It's almost a summertime.
And mosquitoes are going to be as big as bowling balls.
It's going to be like the end of the world.
Tornators and thunderstorms every stinking day for months and months to come.
There isn't anybody who speaks English within 50 miles of where I live.
But I hear that voice on the radio.
That's what keeps me going.
I have no life.
Thank you.
I hear the, let's see, I hear the, I like, I can't read it.
Let me put my glasses on.
I would help.
To hear the crazy and crank calls 24,
I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off 23.
And to hear the callers opinions only 12, 1.7% basically the audience don't care
about your opinion.
How do you like that?
They care about my opinion.
Sometimes they even care about George's opinion.
Well, it's not a while they even care about Josh's opinion except Antonas.
But here comes the big bud.
Welcome.
They don't care about your opinion.
See one thing I've discovered about America.
What's that?
They just, you can't, you can't move them off the dime.
No.
In other words, here we have this decapitation yesterday.
And of course we also had the one with what's all the guys name.
Daniel Pearl.
Remember?
Yes I did.
Now did they, did we have a, we didn't have an actual video?
Yes, there was a video, but they didn't make a, as big a deal out of it.
It's bigger but simmous.
Promoted.
It wasn't promoted like this one is.
I see.
141 at 560 WDQM right now let me tell you about the financial group.
You know, you've heard us talk about financial group and they're
incredible only one mortgage program without unbeatable.
One and a quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinancing of your home.
Think about it just a measly one and a quarter percent.
That means if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mirror
three thirty four a month.
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just
six sixty eight a month.
Now they're advertising on TV.
They're on billboards.
They're all over the radio.
They're everywhere there in your pop up toaster because this program is so
exciting.
It's got everyone talking.
Only one mortgage makes it possible and only financial group makes it
available for you guys.
So we finance your current home, give money for renovations, move to another
home and never pay fees or closing costs again.
You pay zero closing costs, zero credit bureau fees, zero application fee,
zero discounted points, zero everything.
Kind of like most numbers.
Oh, zero.
This is for real.
Just call financial group at 1 866 395 Lend to find out Mo.
That's 1 866 395 Lend the only one mortgage.
It's the only mortgage you'll ever be needing.
The Renegal Housing Lender, Queterastricians apply 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly.
My life and local.
This is for trade-o by sixty.
You weigh two.
Best.
Absolutely.
That he had a stint.
It happened when they put one back in does his heart is old.
Right, though.
The doctor's called it a hard thing but now we really know his heart is old.
No matter what we're told.
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old.
Hope it don't explode.
He makes decisions.
He has the vision.
He has the country under his control.
Wow.
That's all we have.
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old.
And it's done a blow.
He'll keep on working till his heart is cold.
He'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old.
But it's really old.
That's the bad news.
Cheney had his physical yesterday that said it's still ticking and beaten and pounding
in his heart too.
Damn it.
Because like I said only moments ago, the second most dangerous man in America is
Deb Bush.
The number one most dangerous man is Dick Cheney.
Does there any doubt about that?
No.
Number one evil door is Dick Cheney.
Beware of Dick.
Late Sunday afternoon and before we get to this story that you just sent me do you believe
this story?
I guess what?
Yeah, I don't know.
You don't know what?
I don't know what.
I've got it.
It's got all the websites to go to to check this out.
I think it's real.
Check out.
Yeah.
Cheney questions, release a more photos.
Mr. Secret of himself, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested yesterday that releasing
additional photos of American soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners might do nothing more than
cater to journalist appetite for more pictures to print.
When it down, let's leave them all out.
It's not just a matter of sort of wedding people's appetites.
The seasonal stuff here.
Cheney told Fox News Radio.
Congress in the Pentagon working out the tales on procedures for giving senators access
to additional photos.
And they're looking at them all today.
I should point out that they told him up yours.
The Defense Department previously agreed that the Senate Armed Services Committee could
see classified photos, which have not yet made public in at least one video.
Britney Spears was in it.
I'm hearing.
Committee Chairman Senator John Warner of Virginia City, yesterday, it asked Senator
attorneys for advice on including all senators in any viewing.
The Bush administration still hasn't said whether it would release the photo of the public.
Cheney made clear he has serious doubts about releasing them.
We wouldn't want as a result of the realistic pictures to allow guilty parties off the
hook said, Cheney, by the same token.
You don't want to see innocent people in a perfectly mind by virtue of the release of
the photograph said, Dick Cheney, the anxious of noxious one.
Hope you enjoyed those meetings with Kenny Boylay.
Hope you enjoyed all your halibut money.
He did and duck hunting too.
Oh, yeah, you and Antony, man.
You and Antony.
Studio City, California.
Lates on the afternoon, the Bush Voodoo Com website and online store both hosted by Yahoo.
Mysteriously disappeared completely from their server.
When franticbushvoodoo.com staffers contacted customer support they were told the account
was closed for non-payment and that nothing could be done.
A Yahoo building supervisor contacted Monday morning stated that the Bush Voodoo.com account
was in perfect standing and should ever have been canceled.
He was unable to explain why the cancellation declared.
While I'm talking, why don't you type it up on there and see if it's a back online?
BushVoodoo.com.
I wonder the Bush Voodoo.com founding partners having a background in computers was able
to rebuild the online store and recover the website overnight.
Oh, I see.
So you don't have to worry.
However, regardless of the site's dramatic rebirth and email from press outlets continues
to be blocked or bounced back causing frustration to the small firm.
Alan White, a BushVoodoo.com stated that Yahoo staff appeared to be incapable of correcting
the sabotage and we repealed the CE of Yahoo through an unpublished email address as
if yet no responses been received.
Just 24 hours before I see, just 24 hours before it seemed apparent that the site's launch
would be a success when a caller mentioned it on the Randy Road show that's part of the
new liberal-era-america radio network, the brief mention set off a flurry of activity
at the site and dozens of kudos, calls and emails from site visitors.
A major goal of BushVoodoo.com and the George Bush Squeeze Voodoo Doll is to combat voter
empathy, foster interest in the 2004 election and encourage voters to cast their votes on
election day.
A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the dolls will be donated to nonprofit organizations
that do the same.
So let's boost up BushVoodoo.com.
Okay, nice going Randy.
You go, girl.
And quick talking about what you said.
Yeah, that.
Not a good idea.
Probably want to, when you talk to her next time, tell her to be a quick talking about
that.
Talk to her to me.
Yeah, that.
Yeah, what I talk to her.
Yeah, when you talk to her again.
Well, here's the story about the UFO, the UFO.
Oh, please.
Oh!
Mexico's largest television network, Monday and Tuesday broadcast footage, which CNN has
been showing little clips of it.
They don't want to go overboard.
Taken by Air Force pilots of what they say are unidentified flying objects, UFOs.
The footage shows bright lights with movements and characteristics that do not have up to
now a scientific explanation according to the television network.
The Air Force pilots are heard expressing amazement on the tape.
What I'm says a frame by frame analysis show 16 UFOs according to the network.
The other one says, un-dealable.
Television said the film was taken with an infrared camera.
There are no alterations.
It's one of the most important film documents we've been able to access, especially because
it comes from an official source, a Jamie Mausanne.
A journalist who's been tracking the UFO phenomenon for more than 25 years.
The daily large urnata on Tuesday however dismissed the brujaha as circus.
Oh!
On January 31, two Mexican Air Force photographers said a video tape what they believe
were eight UFOs that over from Mexico City and the city's international airport for several
hours.
Ghosts assure that tequila man too much will really do it to you.
Now, they showed it on CNN before.
On the Keeble Nazi news network.
But they only showed it a couple of times as opposed to like stuff that we're really
supposed to care about.
Like a phrasier or like the sausage retiring in Milwaukee.
153 at 560 speaking of sausage.
And that's pretty good on your low carb diet, right?
And especially if you don't have any preservatives and stuff like that.
But if you're sick and tired of your meat and your eggs and your cheese and your steak
and your shrimp.
I mean, that's fine.
But you have to have some variety on your low carb diet.
So whether you're on the ad, Kin's Sugar Buster South Beach or any other low carb sugar
free diet, which you just revolutionary sweeping the universe right now.
Head for a story or love.
The lights of West Bokeh, the number one low carb story in the universe.
Many of the new reduced carb products on store shelves are geared to are cutting back on
carbs.
But you look at it label and say, I'm not going to lose weight on these and you won't.
They're not geared to weight loss.
But the Lines of West Bokeh's expertise has always been and continues to be on the weight
loss phase of low carb dieting.
They carry over a thousand products for you to give you a fantastic variety with a focus
toward the lowest possible carbs that can fit in a really successful low carb weight loss
plan.
The spring sales in full swing right now, Delights, so stop on by their staff knows dieting
inside and out.
They know you're perfect like you don't.
You're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You'll find them on the Northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
You can call them tool free.
One eight seven seven low carb.
That's where they W.
L.O.W.
C.A.
R.B.
Run away with slowcarb.com.
Don't forget Delights of West Bokeh.
A lot of stores with similar names, but there's only one.
It's your official Atkins retail center.
My Mac local, this is five cities.
The radio is on yours.
You win.
Program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
I'm like Disney.
And let's see the whole next door.
And let's see the whole next door.
Now I have a agency coming to you.
and I don't wish anyone to go straight down this high- window.
Okay, I don't need you there.
We are not there now.
Those things come after me.
I've done with a vest, this view, takes a question of doubt
And hope is always a-a-a-a-a-a.
A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a.
Show me when they got a lot of wood you need
Now hope you got a steal of doubt
I wanna fill my place with my tables and meats
And then I'm gonna sit back down, I'm back in the U.S.S.A
You should come out and obey me, boy
Okay
Based with a scarcity of letters praising my president a newspaper and Republican the industry appeals for
Public letters remember that story from Wisconsin yesterday
They changed their mind. They said oh, it's not a good idea. They backed off the request yesterday
And then complaints of blatant politics
They're readers said you people'd be crazy. They said maybe not a good idea
Okay, and all scum of next we got Kimber for the a homerit for the San Thin we got the crow at seven marlins baseball at Houston tonight
You can kiss my rear end
