Let's calm down, Joe, and Ahorcay.
In case he's not worth on cast Crucician,
that isn't your slot.
www.QAM.com
That's Smelly Boots.
You know what?
My junior, honey.
They just increased us to high alert status.
Oh, no one blows up my brand new Dodge Stratus.
I bid a Rex's biggie, dust and news.
Popping Valium with a big glass of booze.
I keep a gas mask in my glove compartment.
I call three max for a bombproof apartment.
Reinforce my front door with cylinder plugs.
Wonder if that will keep on the small pots.
Checking my mail for the deadly white powder.
Stocking my cupboards with camels clamped chowder.
Living on orange alert, sure ain't no fun.
I think the terrorists already won.
I can't take it.
I won't make it.
If it goes to red, I'll pull the covers up over my head.
And just stay in bed.
In stead.
All right.
10-01560.
WQAM.
Happy Tuesday to avoid Joe Rose whipped up into a frenzy this morning.
Wow.
Even a mild-mannered guy like the Joe Meister.
No, that's a lead-in.
Which goes to Shoya.
See, sometimes I think it's just me or us or whatever.
We're talking about pitching about freaky Carlos out there at the reception.
Or about what an asshole Moe is and impossible to get along with.
And Joe Rose will tell you exactly the same thing.
Side by each, right with us.
It's you and I'm copying you.
That's what I think.
Yeah, right.
We tell it exactly the way it is.
Okay, what a wonderful life it might be.
To walk into an establishment, a place of business,
and have somebody pleasant sitting there like what's your name?
My godwood who's dressed really exceptional today.
Not really great.
She's a sweetheart.
She's pleasant.
She's a competent.
She speaks a little bit of English.
She's great.
She smiles.
She smiles at you.
She's pretty to look at.
Melt your body.
And she used to sit out there about a reception desk all of the time.
But no, now we got this freak.
This thing that sits out there.
Man, oh man.
What a piece of dirt with a crappy attitude.
Who's got his Susan Lucci blow up dial sitting there on his lap.
That's what the Joe was talking about.
I'll whip up and foaming at the mouth about freaky carlos.
Tammy Fable had dial.
I don't think we do really well with people named carlos securing.
No, we're jinxed.
We're over three.
And I know you don't want me to pick on Carlos.
So, pick your ear.
Whatever the hell that assholes name is.
The one that keeps screwing up the studio and just after all these years still can't get it right.
Oh, whatever.
Yeah.
He's the only one.
No, why are you defending him?
What is that all about?
He's a good guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
He's a bad guy.
Yeah, dude.
Do you really?
Personally, we party.
No, seriously.
How do you know from him?
I get around.
Outside of Nashville, team spokesman Larry Shanks, they've been battling brain cancer since
March when the under one surgery for a malignant tumor.
McGraw's illness came as a shock last spring.
It was a Philly's training camp in clear waters, a special instructor looking fine, acting
as funny as ever, but suddenly hospitalized March 12th.
A left-handed who threw a screwball and was a screwball.
McGraw was a fan favorite in the York Philadelphia throughout the majors.
Once asked whether he preferred a grass-feeler artificial surface, he said, I don't know.
I never spoke to the astroturf.
Oh, yeah.
McGraw was known for charging off the mound, slapping his right hand on his thigh and tapping
his chest after a close call.
He's dead.
Tug McGraw.
He was colorful.
There are not too many athletes who were like colorful, you know what I mean?
Well, I hit some personality and some like pizzazz, something like that.
I'm not talking about hot dogs, like these assholes that go in the end zone and do all
the crap with the cell phones and jump up into the stands and grab the fans and all that
crap.
Anyway, let's take a look at that pool from yesterday.
We got some bad news on the lineup, but well, it's not all bad.
We're a little bit concerned about the Humper, but I will say this.
Like I said, I will say this.
We like Bugalot.
We like Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot.
Bugalot那麼多,
We're keeping them safe,
In other words, line one is not necessarily the first one.
If somebody would call right now and check, maybe you might come in on line one.
I won't answer it if it's on another line, but if you come in on line one, I might check it out and see if it's working.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, come on, let's go. Let's have some line checkers on here.
You people are so god damn slow. 5, 6, 9, see this line 2 is ringing. Why is that?
Who is that? Because 2 is the primary apparently.
Why would that be? Does that make any sense?
I try to explain way back in the beginning.
So is the primary?
That it was important that they roll over in order so that we know what's going on and they say.
Oh wait a minute.
Shut up, punk.
Oh, you're on the wrong line. Get lost. WQA and line one.
Okay.
Okay, thank you. There you go. Line one works.
Isn't that good?
It was good.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, here's yesterday's poll result.
Okay, everybody else just go away. Screw up.
We have 1,306 votes. In fact, I bet it's more than that now because I printed this out just a little bit ago.
We have 1,300 and 23. Holy crap.
You see how they start pouring in once the show starts again?
Mm-hmm.
Pretty impressive. Yes, me.
Even though we have no audience left.
I think everybody's abandoned QA and because of Pharrell, Pharrell getting fired.
Don't you?
That's what I heard from Miguel and Pharrell and the beast in the Near East.
That's what I'm hearing.
A lot of people really poised off and discussed it.
Bob Eisenberg was so disgusted he quit.
That's the truth.
I'm not just making that a Prona Bob's fans out there in Radio Land.
Bob Eisenberg is gone from QAM.
He resigned. I can't read the memo because it says for internal use only.
I want to get this.
I'm going to eat it.
Yeah.
Oh, just shove it up your ass when you go on to play him.
You'll have a small bomb in your butt.
But at any rate, Bob Eisenberg's gone.
He couldn't take it no more.
He finally got another gig.
So I can't stand the insanity.
There's just no continuity of that station.
They keep changing life.
This is the only radio station.
I've ever worked at my life that the programming lineup is penciled in.
They don't even print it out like an ink.
It's penciled in so they can erase it in a moment's notice.
Just like the thing with the Humper today, the load.
The load will not be on the staff.
No, again, second day in a row.
His home feeding and eating.
What's that old saying?
Feed a cold.
Feed a fever.
Right.
Feed the load.
Feed a cold.
Come on, Hank.
Lose an answer to OK.
I can't hurt your health.
I'm concerned about him for 2004.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm very concerned about the load.
What?
See, you hadn't heard that before.
Josh has heard it.
Josh knows what it means.
The toad in the load.
We had a great time with that.
That was more.
That was most finest moment.
It was when it came up with that.
The mad dog sandwiched between the toad, meaning me and the Hank the load.
The toad in the load.
Isn't that a young British dish toad in the whole toad in your whole?
Yeah.
I bet you I bet you most probably got toad and weasel in the whole.
Anyway, 1300 and some odd votes yesterday.
Who was the most overrated major celebrity of all time?
And Oprah Winfrey wins.
So by such a gigantic margin.
It's just it's shocking in it.
And the fact that she's got a billion bucks.
I think a lot of people are jealous Oprah, including me.
Because she's got no talent.
She has no talent.
And then it's that Harpo productions, which is Oprah backward,
which is a way of rubbing it in your art.
Yeah.
Bitch can't stand you, honey.
Oprah.
And that's why we have the women listeners on this show is because all the women in America
are just their sucklings to Oprah.
Whatever she says they don't.
They do it.
Yeah.
It was Oprah.
I don't give a crap if it was Oprah get her out of here.
Anyway, she's got 225 votes.
She wins the poll most overrated major celebrity of all time by a zillion votes.
Second place and what a no coincidence.
I'm sure her sidekick and underling her understudy.
Dr. Phil with 103 vaulted the drooling idiot.
As much as I dislike him personally, his draw that Tony draw his I like that dislike
that even more.
Third Barbara Streisand with 99 cross-eyed bitch.
Highly overrated as a human being all the way around.
Just keep your mouth shut Barbara.
Rush Limbaugh who was a late addition and thank you to somebody called it in the
very before the end of the show we forgot about rush.
79.
Seen a cruise 70.
Nice going, Sidia.
Monkey Puss.
In fact, let's just pop up Seenia's body out there in France and place of a freaky
Carlos at the receptionist.
Sure be a lot more pleasant wouldn't it?
And probably wouldn't smell any worse.
Oh yeah.
James Dean 65.
Frank Sinatra 50.
Elvis Presley 31.
Howard Sternhead.
Woody Allen 29.
Rosie O'Donnell, Larry King and D. Kaufman and Gloria Estefan.
He said 27.
Brittany Spears 26.
So we got some more Brittany stuff today.
Hey Brittany.
Boy is that guy.
See he was photogenic.
So some of the pictures of him look pretty good.
I even told you that before the show.
Then they had him on CNN this morning and interview with this kid.
Whatever his name is.
Whatever his name was.
What is it?
Jason Alexander.
He is so freaking ugly.
How easy.
And Red Necky and the thick necked and just a real Louisiana loser.
A Goober.
What is she going to do?
Somebody that looks good.
That's what pisses me off.
No, just keep right where you're going.
No, seriously.
Something's wrong with that.
I think she's a dike.
All right.
Brittany Spears 26.
I just got everybody all whipped up into a frenzy with that.
They're they're right there.
I have a very lucky dick.
Clark 25.
Cacant stand dick.
Jerry Lewis 23.
Jerry Seinfeld also 23.
Ever seen together?
No.
Jennifer Lopez 22.
Carson daily 20.
Wayne Newton had only 18.
Madonna 18.
Aston Kutcher had 17.
Kutchi Kutchi.
See now like if she did him.
Yeah.
If she did him.
Okay, that's that.
Sure.
Okay.
Because he's like, you know, Kutzi.
He's a birdie boy.
Yeah.
Slides below 16.
Jim Carrey and Tom Arnold 15.
Sharon Dennis Miller had 13 apiece.
Arnold Schwarzenegger had 12.
Bill Cosby 12.
John Wayne Johnny Carson and Luz Taylor each had 11.
Rose Ann Barron, Kiritop and Bob Hope had 9 apiece.
Ray Romano had 8.
Will Smith.
Liza Mellie had 7 apiece.
Kiana Reeves had been off black.
I had 6.
Oh, Eric here.
A piece of crap.
LND Jenner had 5.
Neil Diamond and Joe Mippers had 4.
Sandra Bullock.
I don't like that.
That she was on there.
That's wrong.
Sandra Bullock Patrick Swaisy, Jay Leno and Mick Janger and Kirk.
Oh, see, Kirk Douglas had 3.
Only we had his name, Kirk Douglas.
Kirk.
K-U-R-T instead of Kirk.
But what makes no difference?
Oh, they're screwed on.
Old troll.
Billy Bob Thorton, Jamie Lee Curtis and Ben Stiller each had 2.
And Dan Rather only had 1 vote.
And of course, that's whoever was the call in and said it was Dan.
Somebody probably likes Peter Jennings or Tom Brokoff.
They like their news with a speech defect.
You're sure you're dropping in a lot of sound effects here.
You're saying that a lot of copies.
You're supposed to be on Doggy Eppers today.
You must have gotten Russian supply of oxies.
Extra quality.
One of the other.
Just whipped up into a frenzy.
I have no idea why.
1013 and 560 WQM.
I see the new poll is up there already, which we'll get to it.
And so while those you didn't call in on, so it's going to be a really interesting day today.
You know it?
Because there's nothing to add to that poll.
1013 at QAIM and let me say right now, if you're looking for a new mattress,
if you're back sending you the message that your mattress is worn out,
here's the deal.
Pick up the phone right now and call the delivery experts at 1-800 mattress like I always do.
That's the number four dial amacrus.
Dial amacrus knows that nothing can improve your daily health well-being and productivity better than a great night's sleep.
If you wake up in the morning after a good night's sleep, you feel like a munch.
Kick off the new year right.
Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2004 by calling dial amacrus at 1-800 mattress.
Celebrate the new year in comfort with the new mattress and dial amacrus.
Call them right now.
They're proud of added.
Steerings and bananas fostered their already strong championship lineup.
Steerings and foster here with is the finest mattress made in America.
And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight.
If you make that call right now, 1-800-MATTRES.
And of course, dial amacrus also carries the complete line of the top names in a business.
Seedy, Serta Simmons, King Quirrell, tempered
Local, we're sports radio 560s, you and you AM.
He'll Rogers got.
He's an American music icon, the original country punk.
And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band.
It's the best of Johnny Clash.
Busher wave, don't like him.
Lock him, the Casbah.
The man in black is back.
I'm track with a very special version of train in Maine.
Just stand by me.
No, not at all.
They just stand by me.
No way.
Yes, London's calling and they're saying hello to the best of Johnny Clash.
If I go there will be trouble.
And if I stay it will be double.
Hello, this is Johnny Clash.
And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy my brand new record.
So you got all in me.
No, should I stay or should I go best of Johnny Clash.
Look for it in the combat country section of your local record store.
Thank you kindly.
1018 at 560 WQM.
This is the story of the day before I get to today's poll.
Girl 11 held in Miami data and charges of selling heroin in 11-year-old girl.
How much?
About third man.
South Miami.
An 11-year-old girl sold heroin on the street while dressed in her school uniform in nightgown,
doing the bidding of her mother and a man who may be her stepfather, pully said.
Who may be her stepfather or me not.
In investigators and prosecutors will meet this week to decide whether to charge the girl whose name is not been released,
but she and her seven-year-old sister have been turned over to the DCF.
The girl's 36-year-old mother, Alison Lowlanded Davis, was arrested during Fridays raid by South Miami's
police drug enforcement administration agents and the Crowgable SWAT team.
A 60-year-old man who may be Davis's husband remains at large.
You following that?
He may be the husband and I may be the stepfather.
It was disturbing, said Sergeant Ruben Rodriguez, a South Miami drug officer.
Once we found out the real age of the child, we were in utter shock.
We knew we were dealing with a baby, but we originally thought she was around 15.
He said it's unlikely the girl will be charged.
Everything stems from the mom, Rodriguez said.
Police said they started watching the Iranian near the girls' home in October after receiving a tip.
They said they saw the girl regularly selling ten and twenty-dollar doses of heroin from in front of her home
to drivers and pedestrians, sometimes directing her school uniform or pajamas.
Undercover officers say they've then made purchases of their own.
During one by, the officers said they asked for three bags, but she only had two.
The girl said she needed to check with her mom, Rodriguez said.
Experts say that an 11-year-old drug dealer is rare, but not unique.
We have kids being used as decoys or couriers or making actual sales usually,
fronting for somebody else on the street, usually as an adult.
DEA spokesman Joe Kilmer said.
Davis is jailed on multiple drug positions, trafficking in charges plus an outstanding shoplifting warrant.
Her arraignment schedule for January 23rd, police said they seized ten grams of heroin, two grams of crack cocaine.
All right!
Ten Zanax pills and two grams of meridgewini from the family home, along with $1,300 in cash and drug per finalia.
Police said the last prosecutor's to also charge Davis with child exploitation.
Any claims Davis makes saying that she did this to feed her children, goes out the window
because she put her 11-year-old in the line of fire South Miami Police Captain Greg Feldman said.
How do you like that?
Or whatever.
Should be asking you, you probably gonna have both your daughters outpelling drugs and Hollywood before long.
There's an idea for you.
Hmm?
Wait, augment your income.
This gave you that very soon.
The way things are going.
Anyway, the Toronto Sun yesterday has got on the front page and virtually every newspaper in the world had on the front page yesterday.
Or maybe today if they're slow.
Britney, along with this punk.
Now, this picture here, I'm serious.
He doesn't really look all that bad.
And the picture in the New York Posty and LeColette Bad told it up and then on the inside second page here.
Jason Alexander, they stopped at the little white wedding chapel in Vegas.
537, he mourned a tie than not.
They didn't have a license for able to quickly pick one up and do the deed.
He says, he did the deed.
I wonder what the deed that is they're talking.
And there's a picture of Britney beneath it.
And she's standing with her hand on her hips and her mouth wide open as if she's ready to do some other deed.
What do you think she did?
I think so.
Britney's quickie marriage, joke marriage in all today, and it goes on.
Anyway, the picture he looks okay.
He looks human, certainly like a big improvement over Justin Tinkerbell.
Then we see him on CNN this morning.
And my God almighty.
He makes a boofo code look sexy.
I'll tell you that right now.
What is wrong with that child?
What is her problem?
Besides that.
I guess when he get that inhibited just about anybody looks good including her old flame.
Maybe he looked a long time ago because he sure as hell don't know.
That's a good point.
Maybe he's grandfathered in.
Well, I don't know what that's all about.
In other words, maybe he's got an inside line.
Or a train inside.
I don't know.
All I can tell you is that her taste is inner tush.
See, there you go.
There's something for you.
Her taste is inner tush.
Welcome.
Taste the tush.
A lot of people lined up for that tasty tush.
Well, that's right.
Right.
Lauderdale wanted.
He's got dibs on it.
He wants to start eating and ask.
And Britney's first on his list.
The line forms at the rear.
Right after he finishes up with an bishop.
Anyway, here's today's poll.
What do you make in sound about?
He's been doing that for a long time since they shoved her ass in a box.
Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you?
We don't have to have any addition to this because I think that what magazine is this?
What tabloid?
Or it's the star?
And look at that.
Most shocking stars of 2003.
On the front page, there's Kobe with his lovely wife.
He's got that.
He's got that dibs Schmidt look on his face.
Oh, Jim.
Sorry, honey.
Poor.
Huh?
She the horn.
Who?
Vanessa.
His wife.
Here's Meg Ryan.
You know who she looks like?
Meg Ryan.
In this picture, she looks like a blonde.
What was on the parkage family?
What was her name?
Susan Day.
She looks like a blonde Susan Day.
She looks almost like a spitting image.
In the upper right hand corner is Bethany Hamilton.
What's I don't know who she is?
Who is that?
Josh?
Any idea?
Oh, shock attack victim.
Shocking recovery.
Is that who that is?
Yeah, that's who that is.
And in the upper left hand corner on the front page, Brittany and Madonna is shocking kiss.
Oh my God.
There it is.
With their mouths just about what their tongues about to intertwine with each other.
And you can still see a little bit of the sediment coming in.
Madonna's tongue.
And anyway, inside, here it is, the stars we lost in 2003.
Thanks for the laughter.
Thanks for the tears.
But most of all, thanks for the memories is what it says right in your mouth, hopes picture.
What a coincidence, I guess.
So what celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you?
And of course, our audience who are all heart.
I put a I put a choice on here.
I don't give a shmit about any of them.
And of course, it's winning hands down.
28 votes.
Oh, man.
Out of 76 votes, 28, 37% of this audience say, I don't give a shmit about any of them.
How do you like that?
Eight people said John Ritter.
Seven said Johnny Clash.
Right.
Robin Crosby in on here.
He died long time ago.
Art Carney Six.
Very white six.
Fred Rogers for Gregory Schmeck.
Gregory Peck had four.
Cancer Hepburn Three.
Celia Cruz had three.
Bob Hope Three.
David Brimpley Two.
Buddy Hankett One.
Dr. Robert Atkins has one.
You know whose vote that is?
Yours.
Mine.
Dr. Bob.
Well, somebody had to do it, right?
And by the way, he's singing different tune these days.
No votes yet for Robert Palmer.
Buddy Epson.
Robert Stack.
Gregory Hines.
Fred Birri.
I don't know.
Fred Birri is from some sitcom, isn't he?
Okay.
Is he?
I don't know.
Oh, come on.
And Nell Carter.
She don't have anybody.
Not everybody like Fat and Nell Carter.
Sure.
She was cute.
Qtzi.
Celia died.
So anyway, all those people died last year.
And the question is, which one of these celebrity dead people of 2003 meant the most to you?
And so far, I don't give a shmit about any of them.
Is winning hands down, not even close.
Boy, what a heartless bunch.
You know what?
Right.
We knew that.
No, we didn't know that all along.
And they proved it all the time.
Maybe that's why Bob Eisenberg bailed out of QAM.
He turned the heartless, cruel, nasty, miserable bastards out there in South Florida.
Maybe he went up to seek his fortune in North Carolina.
Okay.
Although, you know, unless he's going to Charlotte, they don't cut into Jews too much up there.
Bob, maybe you might want to pick someplace else.
Like maybe South Dakota might be good.
They don't like Jews there either, but at least it's far away.
5670560, pound 560 on a 18T.
Now, who did you vote for on this?
John again.
Oh, come on.
Serious.
Love, Johnny.
Evan, he's been dying for years.
He's had like, his luck cheek where he owes us supposed to be in his eye.
He's high above the clock and his head's supposed to be right.
Right under the coffin.
He was still recording.
Oh, man.
He's been, he's been looking like a walk in dead man for a coon's age.
You go, Johnny.
Yeah, you go, boy.
And of course, his wife died.
What's that was her name?
June Carter.
And June Carter cash.
Get it right.
Right.
June Carter cash.
He also died.
Let's see May 15, 2003.
And then September 12th, he kicked the can.
He kicked it.
Come on, Johnny.
One more, one more song.
Come on.
You can do it.
Walk that line.
Walk that fine line.
And don't fall on.
He's loving.
He's loving.
He what?
He pointed.
He played play-go.
Get out of here, Johnny.
10.27.
I do like play-go.
That's my favorite game on the prizes.
Right.
You know that?
Yeah.
You never saw a play-go?
Yeah, I like play-go too.
Where they dropped the things down.
I like it.
I like it.
I think it's fixed.
I think it's fixed.
Halopaniac GMC is now AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Expect the great deals there in the same customer satisfaction.
You were custom food during the 4,000 years when they were Halopaniac.
And right now at AutoCity of Pinecrest, it's a 2003 blowout sale.
All remaining Pontiacs and GMCs in stock get absolutely the best prices you ever heard of in your life.
And AutoCity is loaded with 2004's right now.
Take advantage of 0% financing on models in stock.
If you have credit problems, if you're a deadbeat, if you want to hung out with Jeff DeForest,
no problem.
AutoCity's got an excellent selection of pre-owned cars for you to choose from.
It's the brand new AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
134-01, South Dixie Highway.
That's US-1 across in the falls.
Open every day, seven days a week.
And they're still giving great deals in spite of our lives and we're leaving us.
For more information called the Neal Deal Hotline Tool-free,
at 1-888-5344-11.
That's 1-888-5344-11.
Keep in mind all our pre-subtits credit approval.
See our friends at AutoCity Pontiac for details.
L'Omberto Paredes, Joe Preadoreny and Tara Staff at the brand new AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest,
which you and yours a happy 2004.
The new AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest low prices without the high pressure.
My, my, and local.
This is Portrait of I-60.
Way to A-M.
For these Chitties.
Okay.
She was the hottest thing in half time for sure.
You know she made us forget the score.
That lead us short with the big care.
Baby she is the hottest and lowest needle swear.
That's right.
Oh, she's got a body we like to throw.
And then we wash her mouth out of the soul.
It looks me out when I hear her say.
Things like f***ing spin and f***ing suck, get my baby out of my way.
Hot, hot, friends is a hot lady.
Hot, hot, friends is a hot lady.
Hot, hot, friends is a hot lady.
Hot, hot, friends is a hot lady.
Yeah, yeah.
10.30Q at 5.60 WQM.
Can you please play here's our first request of the day.
My ass is on fire.
The Johnny Cash school.
What the hell is that?
What is on fire?
Is that what it's called?
There it is.
Ass on fire?
You got to be kidding me.
That's great.
Johnny's helping it up in the sky.
Well, he had a really big back home.
My butt is burning, please.
My fight ass has a big red ring.
Really is watered inside.
Close my ass.
It's like it's on fire.
Welcome.
It feels like my ass is on fire.
I'll have to get this one of those inflatable tires.
This is bird, bird, bird.
Like my ass is on fire.
My ass is on fire.
Baby.
One thing Patrick could do is sport.
We're the only few.
Burn it from what you know was games.
And the truth from out of your ass.
It feels like my ass is on fire.
I'll have to get this one of those inflatable tires.
This is bird, bird, bird.
It's on my tongue.
It feels like my ass is on fire.
It feels like my ass is on fire.
I'll have to get this one of those inflatable tires.
This is bird, bird, bird.
Like my ass is on fire.
It's bird, my ass is on fire.
My ass is on fire.
Welcome.
I'll have to get this one of those inflatable tires.
Now we also had a spoof that he did.
I don't know what it is.
Oh, you know either?
I looked under John Ritter.
It's about John Ritter and somebody else.
Isn't it like a two-for-deal?
Yeah.
Call in, Boka.
Let us know what it is.
I love to play that too.
We're going to play a lot of stuff today.
Good.
Well, why the hell not?
We don't have it because the pole doesn't need any building.
And if you don't have to build a pole, what are they going to talk about?
You'll see, like line 6 here, QAM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
And top of the day, the user.
Thank you very much.
And frankly, about your artist there,
John Ritter was always my idol.
Anybody who can wake up, drunk, and a bathtub,
and end up living with two women, I admire him a little bit.
There you go. What's not to like?
There you go.
Wait, no, maybe it's a gesture for another pole, another day.
Another remake that they're making.
They're making a remake of Willy Wonka with one of your favorite artist, Johnny Depp.
Yeah.
Mr. Wonka.
Right.
And then now, uh...
Mr. Wanker?
Yes, it.
And then Nicole Kidman now is going to be bewitched.
What is it that look forward to anymore?
So what are we going to, what's the pole going to be?
What's the best...
Oh, no.
No, what would you like to see remade of maybe the maybe night dream of Jean?
Maybe Christ, the drunk and alcoholic years?
I don't know.
Oh, that's my favorite.
Let me know when that one comes out.
Jesus Christ.
Try to wine, man.
Have a great day.
I think you already read the favorite.
Thank you.
Let's go home now.
There's a bit.
See, I told you to take out some good call.
I know what to grab it.
And the call's too.
Now, speak to the that, like I told you before the show,
and I'm not complaining, believe me.
I have no complaints.
But it's just...
It's a little bit distressing to me, especially for the heterosexual community out there.
Well, whatever that means.
Uh, that here's Brittany, who's got to be, I would say, one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my life.
And since I'm the one that turned you on to her, then you better agree with that.
That's off.
When she was on the cover, Rolling Stone, just a few years ago.
Still have five years ago.
At any rate, she's one of the most voluptuous, desirable women on a planet.
And yet, she has this propensity for attaching herself, maybe literally, let's hope not,
to the most grotesque, the most future-looking, the most obnoxious quizzlings ever...
BYE BYE BYE!
Like that one, for example.
There's a silver lining to that cloud.
And is there a silver lining?
Well, let's hope that they're not getting their hands on it.
Well, and that is that, as long as she dates ugly guys,
there's a chance for all of the ugly guys in the world, like me.
I mean, when I'm doing all of these hot guys, for free, by the way,
and, you know, and she's doing these grotesque ugly nasty-looking guys,
there's gotta be something, and of course there would be those people saying,
well, you know, look, sorry, and everything, Neil.
Right, well, thank God for that.
Almost.
Now, what is this?
Charles Bronson, Catherine Hepburn, and Volkabob.
I think Volkabob is the...faxor.
Volkabob died?
Oh, he's the faxor.
Well, we got Catherine Hepburn on there, but we don't have Charles Bronson.
Now, how's that?
Is that a western?
I don't know.
Huh?
They couldn't have been wrong, could they?
No, I don't think so.
I'll look it up.
I'm gonna type it in right now.
Ooh, there's that website, too, in case there's a doubt.
No, we don't need that.
I'll just type in Charles Bronson.
And then you know what's gonna happen.
Every time...that's the problem with these damn search engines,
is that every time, no matter which one you use,
you'd type something in like that for a web search,
and it comes up with all of this crap,
but if you wanna buy this, you might...yeah, here you go.
Save up to 35% on new and top-selling DVD and videos at Amazon.com,
with Charles Bronson.
And here he is on eBay.
I don't...oh, Christ.
Why can't we start with like a biography, something like that?
I can't even find that.
So like I said, we're probably have to put him on list,
I'm pretty sure he croaked before the turn of the New Yeary hand-off, right?
I'm on that site.
Well, how come he's not in here?
I'm gonna sue the damn star, this tabloid.
Talk about incomplete and not like was he small potatoes or something?
I'm looking for him here, I don't see him.
In addition to which he probably died in December,
and this thing may have gone to press earlier, what's the date on this, what's the issue?
It's...oh, it didn't even...have a date.
Oh yeah, January 2004, January 6th.
So maybe this went to press before he croaked.
You think that's possible?
That could be.
But we've got to get him on there right away.
Charles Bronson, thank you very much for anybody who corrected the star, the star blows.
30-0 really?
Thank you, Boca-Bob.
Captain Hepburn, we do have honored, don't we?
Yeah, she's got five votes.
Yeah, just converted.
The votes at what?
830-03 for Charles Bronson.
830?
So what's the problem with them then for Christ's sake?
There's people in here that died after that.
Johnny Cash didn't die until September the 12th.
So the star shamed on you people at the star.
It's not like I left it off, I'm looking here again, they've got pitches of all these people.
There's Dr. Bob Atkins, he's got a plate full of...
He's got bacon and the butter and crap.
Like maybe he slipped on a butter on the sidewalk.
Bacon and butter.
Babies of the year, I see, babies of the year.
David Letterman, another old cocker making babies.
That's one thing that really bugs me.
I don't know why.
Just bugs me.
Like in a Tony Randall, I like Tony Randall a lot.
But I think it's time for him to stop making babies already.
Just turn 95.
Enough already.
Oh, come on.
What else you got to do?
Old cockers making babies.
Larry King, there's another one.
Right, reproducing.
God, can you imagine anything alive crawling in a sack with him out of here?
How much money he's got?
That's a little bit of that by accident.
That thing, man.
He's there with the kids.
I wanted a puke.
Yes.
Nauseating.
And I think that what's your name allegedly did him?
Why Angie Dickinson one time too?
That's the rumor.
What a slut.
Yeah, I had to have had a blindfold.
174 votes in less than half an hour, Georgia.
Are you impressed with that or what?
Impressive.
I am shocked.
Well, maybe the audience is making a comeback.
Now, we can only hope that they give us a little more in 2004.
Our long-suffering audience, because boy, do we need him now?
We need him badly.
Dolly Fyatt's father talks about inquest into the deaths of Diana and his son.
Does anybody care?
No.
Enough with that already.
He don't care.
He's obsessed.
He needs to let it go.
He's never going to let it go.
He thinks it's a conspiracy and the royal family had her killed.
And you know what?
So what if they did?
They did.
It is a favor enough that they're already smelly bitch.
And I'll tell you, talk about overrated.
Yeah.
She, as far as her looks were concerned, she was nasty looking.
Right?
Do you ever see any like real serious pictures?
I'm not talking about the glamour shots.
Even though it's like a real serious picture of that push ugly from any angle.
Sckanky.
But then again, looking with the head to compare it to.
That's the deal.
That was the litmus test.
Look at all the other brits.
Look at Princess Anne.
Look at Princess Margaret.
Look at the queen.
Is that what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You can go to.
Now look at Diana.
Wow.
What a hot number.
Look at Camilla Parker Bowls.
Yeah.
Camilla Parker Bowls and Prince Charles plays the racket ball.
Play with themself.
Play with the Willie.
That whole thing over there.
It's just it's part of you.
No, seriously, you have to really experience the brits up close and personal.
That's the whole thing.
What about you?
Silly, silly, silly, silly, silly people they are.
Anyway, speaking of silly, wait till you're this spot.
One thing is serious.
That is that we're getting fatter and fatter and fatter.
And balance for life could help you keep your new years resolution in 2004 and lose more.
That's right.
Balance for life is the convenient affordable weight loss need healthy gourmet meal delivery service.
That you've heard so much about.
They combine the knowledge of the zone-based nutrition with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbs.
And they deliver right to your door a little black sack every day.
You fill out the menu once a week.
Those are the only choices you'll have to make is when you fill out the menu because of the only folks that give you two alternatives for each meal and snack every day that you're in a program.
And like I said, they deliver right to your door and at black sack three hormonally balanced gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, even a 60 Nons bottled water right to that door by six o'clock every morning.
And now it seems the famous Dr. Atkins maybe changing his tone.
There it is.
That's his new tone.
This is I think I'm losing my faith.
Anyway, in his new book, Age Defined Diet Revolution, he talks exclusively about the zone-based principles like the glycemic index being a useful tool for selecting foods and eating at least three four meals that they being essential for keeping your blood sugar study and on and on a goes.
So get with the real control and proven weight loss.
Eat healthy lifestyle. Don't forget the food is fresh and delicious.
Nothing frozen. Nothing pre-fab. It is out of this world.
And let there are on-step diet tissue to help you to the concert with you weekly guaranteeing your success.
So get started for real on the New Year's resolution this year called Balance For Life.
And you'll start seeing the weight pour off your ass in no time at all.
Katrina's lost 15 pounds already. Call Balance For Life today, 954-568-3229.
568-3229 or check them on the worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
My life and locals, this is 430560.
Way and way and way.
I was turning blue. I bat right after you.
I was every thought that I would die at the same time that Johnny has to do with you.
Shuffle the ambulance door. Shuffle the ambulance door.
There's nothing else you can do. Johnny and I are through the food of fate.
You've got to run rid of it. Pass away with the boy name.
I think I may have caught something when I'd like to catch him or that day.
I always thought you were a fool.
Well, let me show like it blew.
It was literally falling from the alcohol and it was okay.
I was a star of the two.
And now we're broken into two.
That 47 and 560 WDQM were doing another show on Dead People.
Like it's more very upset.
That's the reason I decided to do it.
I think I'm putting in angry and furious often.
He might just be on the list for next year.
Wouldn't that be something?
Well, see, that's the choice we have to choose.
I'm doing pretty well. I feel okay for a fat old fang.
But I will say this.
The Humper, the load, better cut the crap in 2004.
That's the office pool now between Moa and the load.
Now, if we went around a building and took a pool as to which you'd rather see,
would croak in 2004?
I don't think too many people would say the load.
Do you?
No.
Hey, stop it now.
We would say moa.
Absolutely.
Or show.
But at any rate, the load better lose a little off of that load up to the right now.
It's going to be really...
And like I said, I don't do funerals.
I do not do funerals.
Just in general principle.
But what's the point?
In my entire life, I've been to two funerals.
Yeah.
And I said, I'm not going to be the next one to be my own.
I want to go to Irish funerals like other people's...
I don't want to go to any funerals, please.
Anyway, here's the...
And we got over 200 votes already, which is shocking to me.
200 right on the nose.
Can you...
In a half an hour?
What does that tell you?
I don't know.
What?
I'm telling you what it tells me.
It tells me that they're still thinking that if we don't get enough votes,
you're going to do...
You're going to do it right?
You're going to do it right to the week.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Here I'm sitting here thinking, boy, this is a phenomenal response.
We must have the audience.
Must be back.
We're so...
No, that's not it.
You're still thinking that the threat that I held out on yesterday
if we don't get enough votes by two o'clock, George,
if it fills in the rest of the week or maybe the rest of the month,
and they're thinking, oh no, you were great during vacation, George,
but that's enough.
What?
That's what they're saying.
They're saying you were great.
Oh, we haven't done a poll on that yet.
Well, we'll just do a call in poll.
I'll give them some to talk about.
Although I don't think we can top that first call.
No.
205 votes, and I got some bad news for you.
Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you?
Well, 73 say I'm going to give a shmit about any of them.
That's 35.6% of his heart ass audience.
Johnny Cash 29, John Ritter 27.
They died...was it the same day?
Real close, if not.
Well, I'll tell you, I got it right here.
I'm asking you a stupid question.
But they apart.
John Ritter died September 11th,
and Johnny Cash died September 12th, probably like a sympathy deal.
John Ritter 27.
I couldn't stand John Ritter.
I guess you're not supposed to say that.
No, because everybody likes him.
Everybody likes John Ritter.
He was silly on threes company,
but the other things that he did were okay.
He seemed...I don't want to say it either.
He seemed very...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He seemed swishy to me.
Didn't you get that whole feeling?
Yeah, he did.
No, I'm not talking about his character.
I'm talking about every time I saw him.
And he seemed very fake.
Right.
But anyway, he's dead.
What you can say is,
see, one thing about that is you can say it all you want
after somebody dies.
But it was supposed to be a little bit of Raymond Burr was gay
and had a life-long lover.
Well, of course, now that he's dead,
and not going to sue anybody,
what difference does it make, right?
Right.
Big, butch guy like Raymond Burr.
Art Carney 12.
Art Carney should be doing better than that.
In fact, I wish I could vote over again.
How come I'm voting for Dr. Bob and Art Carney's on list?
No, well, that's a time thing.
Right.
It's an age factor.
Art Carney, Jackie Gleason, all that goes way back.
Art Carney was great.
He's got 13 now.
See that Cruises got 11.
She wasn't no Art Carney.
I'll cut that.
Shut up, Celia.
Silly guy.
Very white's got nine.
Gregory Peck 8.
Bob hopes seven.
Dr. Bob atkins seven.
See, Dr. Bob met a lot of you people out there.
You people used to be fatty saved our lives.
I'm a guarantee of that right now.
Didn't save my life, though,
because I can't stay on a diet.
I cannot stay on the atkins.
You want to know why?
I know why.
I ticked it to sugar.
That's right.
I'll say it again.
People laugh when you say that.
Oh, yeah, right now.
Yeah, he's just a fat sloth.
Well, that part of it is true.
And they get tired of hearing it.
So I don't want to talk about it.
They get very upset.
All the way.
I do have that story about America's teenagers
with the fatdest in the world.
But we'll get to it.
Dr. Bob atkins seven.
Fred Rogers six.
Catherine Hepburn five.
No, you have to play that bit.
No, that's my favorite.
Jimmy, is it your favorite?
Well, whatever.
Okay, now the sound of Jimmy Stewart
making love to Catherine Hepburn.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
David Brinkley and Gregory Hines
and Buddy Hackett for a piece.
David Brinkley ought to be doing better than that.
Although I guess they pissed off at him about that.
What was the food sponsor they had on this week
with David Brinkley on ABC?
You're asking me?
Hey, Colin Boca-Brine.
No, not a food sponsor, but the,
oh, for crying out loud.
The one that feeds the poor and all that other crap.
Anyway, they're pissed off about that.
Charles Bronson 3, Robert Palmer 1.
Well, what kind of a cloud assistant
Robert Palmer's only got one.
No votes yet for Robert Stack, Fred Berry,
Nell Carter, Buddy Epson.
Charles Bronson just went on and he's already got three.
Only one for Robert Palmer?
Out of sight, out of mind.
Is that what it is?
Old meat, huh?
Anyway, Brittany's got plenty of company,
says CBS News.
It says, let's be fair, Brittany's bride for a day stunt.
See, if she would have gotten married like the Tom Welling for a day even.
If she was hanging out with Tom Welling, if she was doing it.
We could respect that.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Wouldn't be nice.
Or like, uh, Jura Lido.
It would make more sense.
Or, um, Ethan Hawke.
Okay, see?
Mm-hmm.
You could deal with that.
But the idea that she's been supposedly a bangin'
and the nastiest grossest, I mean,
seriously, if you wanted to pick somebody nastier
than Justin Tinkerbell, I don't...
You'd have a hard time doing it.
Hard press.
The only Dennis Rodman.
Denise Rodman and Denise Poffan
probe out the only two.
The Warren Gerrani went off the bat.
And Ron Jeremy.
And Randy West.
And El Goldstein.
But other than that, right?
It says, Brittany's bride for a day stunt
while I popping in its brevity.
Is Harvey the first case in celebrity wedding
Bell's taking a quick left turn of the lawyer's office.
It says, we've got to admit,
an almonds probably are whole-lock cheaper
and considerable less painful than divorces.
It says, remember, Denise Rodman, C.
and Carmen Electra.
It says, you don't,
and don't worry, they may have forgotten it themselves by now.
In 1998, lightning fast-paring
blamed on impaired judgment.
And listen, anybody that would even touch Dennis Rodman
would have to be impaired judgment.
Here's some more.
Darva Kanger and Chris Eryk Rockwell.
Look, Wapal.
Back in March 2000, the dawning of TV's reality age,
Kanger outfogged 14-hour other contestants
to win a ring from Rockwell on who wants to wear a Miriam multi-millionaire.
Then it was discovered that Rockwell's former fiancé
had obtained a restraining order against him, saying he hit her.
He wasn't honest, Congresswoman told the judge
or maybe he's just in Lycombe last six weeks.
Are Kelly and Alia?
Yes, you remember Alia?
Right.
Years before his alleged underrated sex tape,
Kelly produced a 15-year-old Alia smash debut album,
AJ, nothing but a number.
Prefetic.
Pathetic.
Keeping it real, Alia then lied about a rage to get emerged
license at Kelly's home state of Illinois.
Her outrage parents quickly terminated the union in 1994,
lasted about as long as it took for Alia's mom to find out it says.
Rudy Giuliani and Regina Paruji, all the way to like her candies.
The former New York Mayor's first marriage
was to his second cousin, a no-no for Cantler,
without special church dispensation.
So when the couple fell out of love,
the Cantler Church, which doesn't section divorce graded an annulment,
lasted 14 years.
Do you know that that she was his second cousin?
No.
I'll be damned.
Janet Jackson and James DeBarge,
they met on the set of the TV show Soul Train.
They wed without her parents' knowledge,
but the singer DeBarge was more...
I thought DeBarge was a group.
Right, but that's their last date.
Oh.
I'm trying to forget about him.
There were no handsome.
The singer DeBarge was more in the drugs now called in Jackson,
which proved to be a poor career choice for him last three months.
Jaja Gabor and Felipe de Alba.
In 1982, the politician Jaja,
under what her eighth married ceremony to Felipe de Alba,
since Jaja was still married to husband number seven,
and the ceremony was performed by a ship's captain at sea.
The annulment may have been redundant last day, one day.
And King Henry VIII and Catherine of Erraghan
didn't know what you put like on stake.
Right.
Henry couldn't persuade the catholic church
to renounce marriage to Catherine so he could wed Ann Bolin,
so he broke with the Pope and ordered that he broke with the Pope,
and ordered the annulment himself,
which led to the founding of the Anglican Church
last at 23 freaking years.
So there's a few of those.
Although I don't understand.
I don't know this...
Well, whatever.
An annulment, I guess.
I thought we were just talking about quirky ones,
but the CBSI is weeping, okay?
Because of that Michael Jackson specialized Friday,
which we pray that an annulment you saw.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Who could really be banging that we wouldn't be so upset about?
That would be a good pull question.
Uh, what do you think, Tom?
I'm actually a good judge.
Ashley Judd?
She was just on TV, so she's like, you know, right in the month here.
How about the freaking curls?
I think he might be next.
Oh, God.
Just to piss off Joe Rose.
How many votes have we got on here in the first 45 minutes?
This is going to shock you.
And again, it's the anti-George factor, came in.
253.
In about 42 minutes, 253.
And of course, this crowd being all-heart,
being the soft load of crowd that they are.
Which celebrity death of 2,000 treatment to most of you?
85, 33 or third?
A full third?
Say, I don't give a shmit about any of them.
Five and the local, this is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
Q&A.
Take off those checkered pants.
Thanks.
For marrying me.
Those bad jokes that I said.
My eyes that turned all red.
I'm on the road with being again, except this time I'm dead.
Please don't pay over me.
But I want to tell you, thanks for marrying me.
That cheesy old man smell, that the Laura's house as well.
And those lousy shows that I did at the mountain blue hotel with Anita Eckberg.
And I want a girl.
What a lovely thing.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQM and Oatseed.
Mad Dog will be on again today, 2 to 4.
Oh, right.
And that's about it.
Other than that, it's all screwed up.
We had no guilty this morning.
We ever find out why?
No.
Well, aquarium minds would like to know.
Huh?
I mean, it's only the second day back after all of these vacations and everything.
Maybe one day with Moe was enough.
One day to go.
Now, seriously, let's find out what the deal is there.
Okay?
Why was guilty out this morning?
He couldn't have been sick, could he?
Because if there's like a bunch of disease going around, I'm not coming back to town.
I might have to delay this return trip, SARS, that cow.
Right.
Exactly.
In fact, you may all have to go into quarantine.
That's right.
So anyway, we got the Mad Dog at 2, the booster for the load at 4.
I mean, once upon a time, I guess, pound for pound, he could have given a hanker run for his money, but not no Moe.
I've been sent down.
Iro Winderman 4 to 5 is penciled in the big 7 to 10 tonight.
Well, we sure got way too much of him on lately.
Any K at 10 and Jill and Mark overnight 2 to 5 in the morning.
Now, here's the fact that says some more not as famous deaths last week.
And that's for damn sure, because I never heard any of these people.
Bernie Bernat.
Or is that say, what does that first name say?
Oh, no, it's not.
It's in Rick and Rick.
I guess.
And Rick Bernat, Spanish candy maker, inventor of the world famous Tupa Chups, Tupes Lollipop.
Tupes, Tupes.
Is that what they're called?
Yes.
Get out of here.
Oh, but chups, chups, see.
What is that?
They're kind of Lollipop.
They're very popular for a while.
They might still be.
Oh, something that the Spic Succane.
No, they're cross-cultural.
They got very popular amongst the kids.
Something people suck on.
Which was sold in Spain in 1950.
But it was sold in 170 countries with factories in five nations and 1700 employees worldwide.
Die December 27 in Bartadona, Spain, age 80.
Charles Blacki Hunt, longtime Vegas lounge act, performed as a musician and comedian,
Benio Sitches, the Sahara and Stardust Hotels beginning in the 40s, was a member of the
characters, one of leading lounge acts at the Sahara's Cosba lounge, and the Yadea
Neverardam.
Diet of Heart Fader, age 75 to December 30.
Dinsdale, Landon, British comic stage and TV actor, known for playing nervous husbands,
faltering suitors and eccentric bumblers, they'll mostly known for a stage work,
compared numerous British TV movies and may guest appearances in such shows as Dr.
Who, The Avengers and Lovejoy, died December 29 in England of mouth cancer, age 71.
Mouth cancer.
They're not tired.
Fakenham.
Fakenham, Norfolk England.
Well, I told you they're much of silly clowns.
Helen, that's what's juicy than the holidays.
Fakenham.
Helen, Cleeb, venerable character actress who's spent a career playing old ladies best known for
recurring role as Miss, Mayne Baldwin on the Walton's TV series.
Oh yeah, I have no idea who that was, but appeared in dozens of TV shows like DragNet,
Gunsmoke Bewitch, and The Eddie Griffiths Show, who had roles in movies like
a Manchurian candidate, Fitzwillian, magnificent obsession, died December 28 in the
LA of Heart Fader, just short of her 97th birthday.
Hey, how long that's old enough.
Just like that old bag that they rescued in Iran, in BAM.
97th, that was old enough.
But the Lord must have had a plan.
Speaking of crap like that, Chris Collins worth a real asshole, which you have no idea who
that is.
So former Ajakh, I say.
Now a broadcast to a course.
And anyway, he's during a Packer's Playoff game there against Seattle, which turned out to
be hell of a game over time.
And he's going on repeatedly, in fact, Chris Selkovich in the papers here yesterday ripped
him an ass and deservedly so.
Because Brett Farves father died a week or two ago, whatever the hell was.
So somewhere up there in the sky, Irving or Irwin, whatever the hell his name was,
Farve is watching this with a smile on his face.
Yadi Yadi, all this other crap.
Don't you just, just, just nauseates me.
Well, first of all, what's he watching it on?
Is he got like binoculars up there, where we're up there is.
Somewhere up there in the sky on his big 53 inch plasma screen.
That's right.
He's watching his son Brett pull out the victory here against Seattle.
I mean, why do people talk such baby crap, huh?
Emotional cripples?
That's probably exactly what it is because mankind generally speaking are a bunch of emotional
cripples who can't face death.
Just like Miss Hurkheimer, Rhinard, this morning, breathlessly, with that solely dead bitch on CNN.
Oh, and this is so exciting.
Boy, this is going to be so wonderful when we find all of these queer things on Mars.
Believe me, Jack, we got plenty of queer things right there in South Florida, okay?
And you're one of them.
Miss Hurkheimer.
I'll never forget I was telling you the night that I just about froze him out of the studio on INZ.
Oh, that was such a wonderful night.
Turn that thermostat down to about minus infinity.
Anyway, here's the rundown so far.
278 votes.
Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you?
I don't give a shmit about any of them.
Still a third hard ass is 94.
They refuse to care.
John Ritter 38.
Johnny Cash 38.
How do you like that the way the two of them seem to be linked?
Art Carrey 16, Fred Rogers 12.
You think Fred Rogers would be doing better too, wouldn't you?
No, I'm glad he's not.
Why not?
I thought a lot of people out there grew up.
I just like you were all whipped up to a frenzy about what's his name there on Channel 7.
Toby the robot.
Wayne Chandler.
Wayne Chandler.
Seela Cruz 12 tied with Fred Rogers.
Very white 11.
Dr. Bob Atkins 11.
Gregory Peck 9.
Katherine Heparin 8.
Bob Hopi 8.
David Brinkley 5.
Gregory Hines 5.
Charles Bronson 5.
Buddy Hackett 4.
Robert Palmer's up to 4.
Thank God for that.
He's addicted to a death.
Fred Berry 1.
No votes for Robert Stack, Mel Carter or Buddy Epsom.
Even though we always get his man, I'm going to have to play that theme song.
All right.
Barnaby Jones.
Isn't it in here?
No, it's not in there.
I got it.
Huh?
I thought it was in here.
I'll get it.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM line 1 is working.
Hello?
Yes.
I'd like to add my name to the names of a list of deaths in 2003.
We left somebody out?
Yeah.
Okay.
The guy that played Wilson on home improvement.
He died late December.
And what was his name?
Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry
Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry
Now she died right I would think
I don't know there's so many freaking dead people the guy from home improvement is Earl Hinman
Earl Hinman excellent. Okay, let's get him on there Earl Hinman
Zip that right up to Eric. Okay, cuz I know he's under a lot of stress
Especially after what we did doing yesterday with 80 million names
See I told you there'll be a few more did I say that no?
Although John Ritter and Johnny Casper they are really I see I don't see the relationship even though they died a day apart
Their name were John but other than I don't see any relationship whatsoever. Do you know? Oh, there's that schfarzer a bishop will and Gregory from DC
That these findings show that will be tend to find a theme are keeping our word
however
the completion of the audit and this report
does not tempt us to be complacent
The report now becomes a source of learning about how to build on
What we are already doing well right molesting the altar boys right you're doing it very well
Makes me sick to my stomach same old white wash with his case said light black wash same old garbage
Now what am I looking for I'm looking for a part of be Jones right and
And we you know we have to do that again sometime all the way I guess maybe Eric ought to send me a list of all the polls that we've done
You know what I'm saying so we like leave a couple of years in between we haven't done that thing in a long time
Instead of building it although I guess it kind of defeats the purpose. I'm sure he saves the list you think
Hey Eric, where's the list baby and look at his number 54
Don't you hate when it's a cut like way up like that and have to cut out it up in
But he actually deserves a little more respect because like what's his name used to say on channel seven?
He always gets his man
What was his name?
Yul Ross oh I don't know
Just praise
Oh
There you go and poor buddy Epson is only and what else was he in he wasn't just in barnacles?
Don't the bill hilly's oh that's right the Beverly Hill billies. No wonder I can't stand him
That's a good
Here's the best one my most crop what that was a good show that you never watched
Beverly Hill billies funny lines they speak everything and everybody did you never watch?
I'll tell you a really good show that I don't watch as the Simpsons right. I saw a little bit of that the other night
I actually admitted I
Just don't have the patience for those shows. I don't know what it is. It was very funny and very fighting and very
Appointing the great to the right on a great shot at the right. It was exactly was great
But I just don't have the patience for it. No the hill billies made fun of rednecks and the Beverly Hills crowd
305 votes and poor buddy Epson is sucking wind band under his only got one
He's only got one vote even Fred Barry's got one. We don't even know who the hell Fred Barry is
I'm telling you was on some silly acid time. Okay
At 705 this morning is that what that says?
705 because the top of this is chopped up online one of the most chronic of all of them
The most chronic facts of all reports Moe how we David and reported that the near Roger show attend has been canceled due to lack of interest
Alright, absolutely and then it's got reason to moe because he smells like vegetable soup his jewel is rainbow colored
Etc. And so on and girl. He says he gives crappy hand jobs. Well there you go
Guess what Moe? Okay, we got more people listening right now than listen to your crappy as excuse for a radio show
For the entire time you've been on a radio station. Okay, we know that some of your people are playing games with the diaries
That's okay and happens with everybody
But that ain't gonna continue forever. All right, in fact one of these trends one of these months will come along and the anti-moe crowd is gonna get all the diaries
They're gonna say no moe
And you're gonna be up push mitts Creek is what you're gonna be and then you'll have to carry that thing
Carry that baggage along. We don't really give a crap no moe
As if we got something approved to his story old ass no wonder gildy don't want to be anywhere near him
Did you ever find out the reason? No, maybe he's just gonna boycott until they put him on with the uh, Joe
That's a great idea nice going gildy. I always knew he had like a little bb in there somewhere
under that gigantic mammoth snake
From minutes past 11 at 560 wqm. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group
The benefits are incredible zero closing cost zero application fees zero credit for your fee zero discounted points
Get the new low interest rate is just 1.25 percent
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere three hundred and thirty four bucks a month
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan all you pay a six sixty eight a month
And don't forget once you refinance your good new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever pay closing cost again
So call them today and find out about it
Call 1-800-940-Lend
Get the low rate mortgage a deserved and then move to your next property without further cost or expense
Zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing costs even when you move to another property
Get the new low rate financing that you've been looking for it just 1.25 percent
It's the only one mortgage from financial group for details call 1-800-940-Lend and never ever pay closing cost again
That's the financial group at 1-800-940-Lend
Be sure until the Todd Dreck told you to call their unequal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly
4.21 APR
Not good man
They're dead they're dead the whole guard cast is dead
They're dead they're dead
They're definitely dead
This my comrade and this morning dick York and the other dick too
And it's straight that Paul is is taking a turn now to their dead
Their dead like donalds they're all dead
Their dead all dead yes positive to be dead
Except for Alan and Tarela but we're working on that too
So stay tuned and they will be dead soon
I told you we left a whole bunch of important people off here because star tabloid sucks
Okay
Guess who we left off it the come to mind immediately
Rod Roddy
We did leave him off of there. Let's put him on right away. I just got a list of acts and it's it's gonna shock you at how
How incomplete the star was the star sucks stick with the inquirer folks
Anyway cocaine caused righteous brother death. I just deprinted this out from the SCNN website
Okay, right just brother singer Bobby Hatfield's death in November. He died on my birthday November 5
Was caused by cocaine and not just heart failure according to the official autopsy report sure took him out a long a long enough time
Didn't November 5
Took two freaking months for the autopsy report
Dr. Richard toker a toker
Chief medical examiner for Kalamazoo County told the Kalamazoo Gazette in today's editions that has field death was triggered by
Acute cocaine intoxication
Hatfield 63 died November 5 just hours before right since brothers concert
He and his partner bill medley hits like unchained melody and the anxious you've lost that love and feeling
This is a shock to me medley told the orange county california register for his new porch a beach california home
I never saw him use cocaine. I knew absolutely nothing about it
If I had known I would have said something to him like oh can I have some
You believe that
No
These guys were together for about a hundred years. Oh, I I would have said something if I know he was
Give me some old blow and
Initial autopsy found Hatfield had advanced coronary disease a heart attack due to the disease with listed on this death certificate
However toker a toker said a final cause of death was not determined till after toxicology reports were completed
The death certificate will be changed to reflect cocaine as the cause of death
Tokers office received the report of cocaine intoxication December 24th, but ask for the information to be released after the
After the holidays out of respect to Hatfield's family
Messages left Tuesday with toker and the William Morris agency that represent the righteous brothers were not returned
I can't imagine why
Isn't that something weird?
Well, that would be bad to tell the world right at christmas time and new years that he was a coke
He took it off the nose what a ruin Christmas
Yeah, that would have been really bad and nobody would have walked in marches brothers CDs for christmas gift. It wouldn't have been righteous
That's right
That's what they said in
Requiem for a dream anyway
Oh look at this list. This is a lot better. This is excellent. Oh geez. I don't I think we're screwed. You know I know
How about and the one that sticks out in my mind immediately is David Bloom of
former channels to NBC
News reporter the one that died. He wasn't that yeah in a red in the tank from the uh, he died from a culinary embolism
David Bloom
Irv cups in it all you Chicago people out there how many Chicago people would go to man? Yeah
George Tempton who was the all-around faker
Uh guy Leon Ura who wrote Exodus. Oh, we better you better fast this to Eric already did holy crap Alan Bates
Now, why do I know that name who was Alan Bates? I don't know Norman's brother
David Hemings
Donald Locona there you go for all you old farts out there Donald Locona singing in the rain whatever the hell
He was in or that was gene Kelly well something like that
Uh hum cronon
You like to keep Jessica handy?
Horse buckholz who's that out of actor where's your cron of famous bald head to kind of actor very good
Sydney Lastic who played mr. Chezwick in Pukus knows I want my cigarettes miss ratchet
He was great never saw him and anything else did you? Oh, nothing I can think of mr. Chezwick and fact of other than other than um
uh
What's his name? What's his name? Nicholson?
Uh other than him that was my favorite character although we did like mr. Martini too. Yeah. You need to veto
Right there were all good. I love you to test. I want my cigarettes miss ratchet
He was great. It was a pimp believe it was good Mr. Meele you're gotten the bathroom
network hope laying
Hope laying
Jesus singers bobby hatfield which we just mentioned only moments ago
jazel mackenzie from your hit parade i bet you're book of brine members jazel mackenzie and the other old farts like me
Wasn't my hit parade
It was your hit parade mr. you're snooki snooki lantern
Russell arms d'Arthi Collins and jazel mackenzie and they used to sing the top 10 for each week and blueberry hill and the things like that
And such a Mitch Miller song
Sheb wolly the old purple people leader guy
Warren zevon mochi him no mo and nina Simone a jaz great remember nina Simone no
Wow i said jaz great so obviously directors ilia kazan who it turns out was a real asshole john slushinger
Lenny reef install
It said she would get a lot of votes from the anti semites. Oh, that's right. She was the one that was hitlers a director
Oh, that's right the uh the propaganda right she made the propaganda movie for
Chebolly he's dead yeah a medley of his smash the purple people leader athletes and coaches
Gertrude enterley she was the great swimmer. She swam to english channel right
Larry doby cleanland indians
What now was he the first black player in the american league?
I believe he was jangie Robinson in nationality. I feel that one
Josh would know that i know what he know better chance than i would
Well, Larry doby i'm pretty sure was the first black baseball player in the american league after jaki robins
Had broke the color bar in the national league
There you go. David the busher oh by the way speaking of a basketball players like david the busher
Bill Bradley endorsed the howardine this morning which we had on our website yesterday for the yesterday but they did it
Howardine demand baby
Let's push him up a little bit. Let's uh let's spin him up like a dreidel and get him going like a whirling durvish
You know the thing the fact that he's raising all this money off the internet
And most of it is coming from living and breathing younger people right
That's a great time. Yes. That's a great sign
And that pull that we had yesterday shows that he's only right now
Uh for what is it five fifty one forty six against bush head to head
And a lot of crap is gonna go down between now and november
Warnspawn or the all-time greats one of the great left handers for the uh milwaki braves
Warnspawn him sure one of your favorites
And her brooks the a former penguin coach and olympic coach
Oh, by the way too bad about those Canadians losing the USA yesterday in the adjuniors world juniors hockey. Oh, oh think it's
Ha ha ha ha ha hey it's so psychotic here man
It is so sad
If there's one thing that I could really not candida but you know it's one thing to love a sport okay like like
America loves the NFL they love their football all that stuff
But it's one thing to love hockey which I do
But it's another thing to become like neurotic about it. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm
And every one of these tournaments which quite frankly there's two guys in any tournaments anyway
It's just they they go if she meant for example
Here's this morning's national post okay, okay, and on the front page here's a huge picture of the kid for America
uh scoring a winning goal a Patrick O Sullivan and
It says star goalie's gaff hands gold medal to Americans now this keep in mind
This is the world juniors these are 17 18-year-old kids or 16 whatever they are and mark i'd ray flurry is the
Play for the penguins for a while and really was great and it's gonna be a great golden or the NHL someday
But in the meantime so he made a bad clearing pass and accidentally knocked a bucket
It was on net and that was the decisive golden the game so on the front page
I saw that this morning. I thought the kid is 18 years old
And just bearing him here now. He's never gonna live this down. It probably have to leave the country
Mark Andre flurry poor frog
Oh, and there's Pete Rose on CNN. I wanted to change the subject, but let me just hit this about that okay
Yeah, I want you to stop and think of the illogic in this all right
Finally after 14 years this lying sack of crap and there's a great article in the same national post about Pete Rose
And the two reasons that he came clean number one to sell his book and number two so he can give the hall of fame and cash in on it
So I guess that's three reasons
Well, it's all cash so it can gamble his guts out
He finally admits that he gambled on baseball in his autobiography now
It's the big story and we're all talking about it like right now on CNN
But it's a little surreal. I mean for 14 years. We've been debating
Issues but but but now he says he bet on baseball, but he never bet against the reds the team he managed
Okay, so if he lied to us for 14 years on a one hand
Why is there supposed to be any credibility? We're supposed to believe they never bet against his own team and fixed any games
You know what I'm saying right when you admit number one that you're a liar like the president for example
Why should anybody believe anything else that you say
And they shouldn't
Asshole what what a oh man
26 past 11 I said I wasn't gonna talk about him
Don't let me forget to get to the rest of these there's a few more on here
I can't believe what a horribly incomplete job we did so many dead people in so little time don't talk to the story
He pisses off mo
I got to pull for tomorrow. Who's grave would you like to dance on?
Oh, huh
Isn't that a good one? They have to be in one yet
No, no, we're talking about people who aren't in one yet. All right
What living person
Well, we'll find a way to phrase it. We'll do that tomorrow
Would you like to dance on their grave and of course I keep in mind a cover of our CD this year the best of me where I'm farting on Mo's grave
All the crap you can unwrap that's what I gave you much crap as I could get through the back of my pantaloonies
27 past 11 at 560 WQM does this sound like you underpaid and overworked?
You'd like to have a new high-paying career
But you don't have four years to waste on college or certainly maybe not the money to go and get the college education
If this does sound like you fast train has your solution pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1 866
fast train
Fast train can have you train and certified for a real high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer
Specialist career in as soon as four months that is correct
You can be fully trained already for your new career in as little as four months think about it in just four short months
It can be on your way to a new high-paying career whether you're working full-time or part-time
Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes
They also offer job placement assistance and financial aid to people to qualify fast trains got locations conveniently located all over South Florida
They're in Miami Kindle for Lauderdale and prestigious Pembroke Pines
chances are there's a location nearby you
So don't wait pick up that phone change your life forever call fast train today
1 866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com
That's 1 866 fast train. Don't delay column two days
You way
Toby
560 wq am is proud to announce howard david is dead
Hey, thank you. Rowan forget about it. That's not really after days of intensive shock therapy
Management emerged with a brand new lineup for the vacationing Howard david starting tomorrow wake up with the Joe market's uh Joe
Maybe no delay it was intended to be with periodic sports updates by hilding
That's the Joe market's uh Joe now on
560 wq am
Okay, let's start to do an at kazanski give practice for dancing on most grave. What are you saying?
That's actual steps to the kazanski. I don't know. I'm sure there is there are
1131 at 560 wq and we got the mad dog it to the booster in for the ailing humper at four for the load
And the big oh at seven oh
Let's see. I think I got through the entire list tonight david bloom herb cups in it George puntenly on yours got through mom
Thanks a lot mark and happy to you to you too
How come you didn't read his comment there after the uh david bloomwood about the politicians
No the uh
No, I'm not gonna read uh no when you stop you're just an ojohn provocateur a trouble maker
He says a few george bush you killed him. Well, he's right but he killed a lot of other people too right the butcher of washroom
Gonna get that guy all upset who yesterday was calling it to congratulate me about the way the format of the show is now
And this is what the audience wants to hear and you know
Well, you know something that's fine, but that doesn't mean we're gonna lay off on uh w
Not a chance not a china man's chance no
In fact, we're gonna exert enormous effort to make sure that all of the uh howardine people vote
500 600 times this so fall just to make damn sure
In fact who the hell were they to oh they had native on yesterday on crossfire you didn't see that did you know I did not lucky
But at any rate. Oh, what I was a what a grizzled old the egotistical pomp is ass
I mean he says a lot of things that are right of course like he always has right his ego always gets in the way good heart bad body
And Paul bagala made a good point. He had the chart and he showed I think it was 92,000 or 97,000 votes that the leader got in Florida
And then also in New Hampshire those two states he was the difference in in Florida New Hampshire
Which either one of New Hampshire's got five electoral votes in Florida 20 whatever the hell we got 27
Uh, that would have done it turned it over to uh Gore
And you said well, you know
uh
Girl they got 38% of the vote that would have gone to me and bush got 11% and the rest wouldn't have voted at all and the bagala said and correctly
So well that certainly would have been more than enough to make the difference wouldn't it Ralph and then he goes on about when you want to be talking about the
Bush people who stole that election because Gore did win the election yada yada yada yada and as bagala pointed out
Yeah, but if you wouldn't have been in there, I wouldn't have been close enough for them to steal it which it seems to me
I've said that a million times or release everyone right
Well there's uh, they're picking the jury from Arthur Stewart put that bitch in jail for about 25 years
She can like working a mess haul in the commissary right cleaning up messes
She can know she can be the chef right makes them
That'll teach them that'll say whatever those people in there have done that'll serve them right five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line w.k.y.m
I think how you doing pretty good good good real quick um Alan faith
It was a British actor and was with Anthony Quinn in sorbid agree right and uh, yes Larry doby was the first
First African-American in the American League absolutely correct. Yes, sir
One thing on Pete Rose you'd mentioned I agree with yada way around except just one thing
Uh, I do believe that on the red, but I do think that he
Uh, how do we know that how do we know that? How do we know that? How do we know that he bet on the red? Yeah
It's not just this is just a good feeling. I mean, you know
I just think that he bet on the team, but I think he always bet on the win because he had such an ego
That I just don't think he could allow himself to to uh
To you can think of a loss, you know
Well, let me just put it to you this way his gambling habit is so strong and so bad that nothing would surprise me
That's my personal feeling. Yeah, not here. It's possible. You may have
That's true, you know, but back in the obvious question is where does this newfound credibility come from all of a sudden
after somebody admits they've lied to you for 14 years and and we headed on tape somewhere where he says
I never been on baseball. I never been on Cincinnati Reds baseball and that was his position for 14 years
Now all of a sudden he's peddling a book and he wants to get in the hall of fame so he can make some money off
And now all of a sudden we're supposed to believe anything he says
Yeah, well
I know it's actually this it's tough to believe but I definitely uh
You know, it's not very true. It's a great player, but not not much of a person
I think what they ought to do is stick his ass in the hall of fame and in the record books put an asterisk next to it
Say scumbag
All right, thanks a lot pal. Yeah, they ought to have like the scumbag division in other words these players
What great players no question about it, but they were scumbags the little side room there off the hall
Exactly the scumbag section of the hall of fame
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos line speaking of scumbags
Limbaugh wins more time to keep medical records private
First limbaugh's medical records or main off limits to prosecutors for at least another 15 days while his attorneys pursue an appeal to permanently seal them a judge rule yesterday
Limbaugh's attorneys answer the extension while they appeal the judges earlier decision allowing prosecutors to examine the files for evidence
That the conservative hypocritical radio commentator illegally purchased painkillers
Investigator sees the records last month. I've discovered that limbaugh received more than 2000 painkillers
prescribed by four different doctors over six months at a pharmacy nearest Palm Beach mansion
Limbaugh's former main told investigators. He'd been supplying in prescription painkillers for years
Limbaugh admitted his election to prescription painkillers in October saying it stemmed from a severe back pain
He took a five-week leave of uh, Riyadhiyadhiyadhiyadh to rehab his attorneys argue that seizure records from doctors in Florida and California
Violated as privacy in that investigation was politically motivated
How do you like that? Yeah, everything is politically motivated
It's just like everybody's out to get Michael Jackson and everybody's out to get this one and that one in Yadi Yadi
I mean just your average ordinary guys in a lot of pain. He gets two a three four thousand pills every couple of months, right?
Right, of course, he's always supported the use of drugs for pain legal or illegally
Oh, now look at this
Dean says in this facts. I like this pull up and maybe you can get a better response by playing the the true South Florida sensibilities and
He's always
Here's a guy that really understands South Florida, man
He says by playing to the true South Florida sensibility and ask the question which celebrity death made you the happiest in 2003
It's his Eric will love you because he can use the same list this today. Oh, you know what we can do tomorrow
No, no, no, no, no, we don't want to do what you already got tomorrow as I can't wait for that
No, and noon we can turn it around. We'll keep the same list Eric will just change the question
Right
Yeah, it's just reset it with a different question which celebrity death made you the happiest in 2003
And Eric can be on the list for 2004
P. S. There's one small tie between Johnny Cash and John Ritter. I'm aware of it says John Ritter's father was text writer
I dreamed I went to Hillbilly heaven. You remember that song? Of course not a cap of records. I bet you're both a brand does
That was a big smash man. He'll really have in text writer
An old time kept your western singer who died in the 70s. I imagine Ritter and Cash probably met good point
Dean excellent excellent fact. How do you like that? I like Dean
I'm telling you man. We're doing it. We got a long way to go one little tiny baby step at a time
We got to like win back the audience to build it all over again
Like it's like if you're building a house and somebody comes along the old the big bad wall for whatever emboze it all down
And you got to like brick by brick put it back together again because Greg Reed keeps blowing it
Blowing it down or just blowing it
What do we got so far in this one don't don't make sure I already got the question? No
What do you mean no you said that I know which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you
We're gonna be changing us at noon
Which one made you the happiest?
388 whole bunch of people don't have any yet. See you better hurry
A lot of the ones we just added from March list there whole bunch have got none
Hume Kronin I don't even want to read all them just a whole bunch
Nell Carter's got one horse buck holds one Warren Spon one Warren Zeevon one
Two for Robert Stack and buddy Epsadon Fredbury Robert Stack should be doing better Robert Stack was great
Even if it was only on unsolved mysteries right right and that
What was that submarine show
And what about his brilliant performance in airplane
Airport airplane
Whatever the hell it was the only untouchables anywhere Kronin untouchables of course was the only untouchables
Are you a little kid when I was watching that great good shower stack was great
David Bloom 5 buddy hack it six seven for David Brinkley Robert Palmer Gregory Hines and Charles Broadson
Nine for Catherine Hepburn 10 for Gregory Peck 12 for Bob Hope 14 Dr. Bob Ackins
Seiya Cruz 15 very white 15 Fred Rogers 19 art carly 24 Johnny Cash 46 John Ritter 50 all right
I couldn't stand him and I don't give a shmit about any of them 127 32 and a half percent
So get those votes if you want to participate in that poll because it is extremely scientific get them in there before noon because we're gonna
Gonna do a little bait and swish
John would have just seen very swishy to me. I don't know very uh. I don't know if they yeah, right? Right
Let's doesn't mean anything. There's plenty of people who seem fake
19 till noon noon at five sixty WQM if you're planning on replacing your carpets because they don't look new or maybe you think about
Having your carpet area rubs your drapery professionally cleaned
Here's the answer for you. Here's the solution call a good folks at dry concepts
Because they're the best in the business that making your carpets look like brand new and of course
They've been keeping my carpets clean for over 20 years in different uh joints
How many places have I lived in last 20 years a few about 30 sanitize?
No, not quite sanitize your home today by using dry concepts certified trained technicians
They'll dry clean your carpets. Hey my idea is dry clean your clothing leave them looking just like brand new
Vibrant and color soft to the touch and they dry in just a couple of hours
So it can clean today and really entertain tonight
Nobody does it like these folks and no rip offs no games no scams
They'll give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start doing a work
And when you call dry concepts be sure and ask how I can say 15 percent
I'm your next carpet cleaning job by having you up then push on your stand violinist
Call them today tool-free
1-800-248-5071 now that all opinion the s company from the holidays is gone time to get that house back in tip top shape
Call dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com
My, my and local
Year sports video 560-2-8-2-8-M
It's a cold-vile stormy day in hully with one of the biggest mysteries of my lustrous career unfolded right here
In our own unserved mystery studios
One of the finest television shows ever to grace the airway of human NBC was about to be cancelled
At 10 45, the time included in my still razor sharp memory forever
The inexplicable happened.
That is when the TV program that served as the flagship of the NBC television line, namely
Unself mysteries, was insurremoniously canceled by a bunch of eggheads.
It has been suggested however that the seemingly perfectly normal intelligent NBC executives
could have been under the influence of the full moon, or perhaps some form of alien mind control,
or what the hell maybe it was something in the water.
Nobody knows.
Well maybe you'd like me to take a guess.
Something about ratings, huh?
Oh, maybe I should have pulled an L and then started French kissing my stage manager on the air.
Yeah, come here, girl. Come here.
Oh, okay. You two, Steve.
You two, Kevin. Come here. Let me play a good rock.
Hold on a minute.
Are you all right?
Uh-huh.
Look at the ratings go up now.
Huh?
Oh, yeah.
The popper!
Stop it. Get a hold of yourself.
Oh!
I'm sorry.
This is Robert Stett.
Run so mystery.
See untouchable.
A desi-l-or-dex is.
Sarring Robert Stett, gas-celli-it-meff.
Oh, black.
See, you learned something right there.
I bet you never knew it was a desi-loop production, right?
Yes, I did.
Babaloo.
Oh!
Unsolved mysteries and untouchables.
He's only got three votes in his heart.
As audience points a tough crowd, man.
It is a tough crowd.
If most of the people on this list, if they would have had to perform
their entire careers in San Foda, they'd have never made it.
Catch my drift.
I caught it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
That was a great idea.
That Dean had turned in this poll around.
He's got his thumb on a positive, baby.
A way to hear this story.
I don't know why, because this happened on Sunday.
But for some peculiar reason, it just, I don't know,
they just kept it off like quind.
Was it Sunday or Saturday?
And today already is Tuesday.
A Saudi Arabian man was charged with carrying three
pyrotectic devices on an aircraft and then lying to
federal agents about the devices after landing at Logan
International Airport in Boston.
You hear the story?
No.
I mean, they have had it on, but it went like in the last 24 hours.
Esam Muhammad Al-Mohandis, 33 of Riyadh, Saudi
Arabia, was arrested Saturday after a search by US
Customs and Border Protection agents of his carry-on
luggage turned up three small,
fair cracker type devices.
When questioned, Al-Mohandis initially said they
wanted to have insolentical devices
where artists, crayons, or pens,
then he said they didn't know what they were or how they got
into his backpack.
After initially saying he had packed his own bag,
he later said his wife may have put some items in a backpack.
He also said he did not know what the items were,
but that he had seen them around his house previously.
He said he didn't know why they were in his bag.
Al-Mohandis flew by Lufthansa from Riyadh to Frankfurt,
Germany.
Then I was connecting flight to Boston.
He told officials he had flown to Boston on business.
Al-Mohandis appeared briefly on the charge
of Monday, US District Court.
He's being held in federal custody,
pending a detention hearing scheduled for Thursday.
If convicted, he faces up to five years in prison
on a false statement charge,
and up to 10 years on the charge of carrying an incendiary
device on an aircraft.
Sounds a little bit strange to me.
Another Saudi, I just mentioned that in passing.
Yeah.
You know your buddy William Rivers Pit?
Who?
You pulled one of his great stories on our website while I was on
the kid.
All that guy right on here.
I thought you were talking about some sports guy again.
William Rivers Pit.
Not Mickey Rivers.
William Rivers Pit.
Not the University Pit.
Not the Pittsburgh Penguins who are the pits.
Boy, how's that French?
Is that French has got to be around a couple of years?
Oh, brother.
What a joke.
Thanks for the two points last night, by the way.
Thanks for the late Christmas and Hanukkah gift.
William Rivers Pit is New York Times best selling author of two books,
War on Iraq and the greatest edition of silence.
And there's an article that's on our website today that is so good
from TomPain.com.
I just eventually don't let me forget.
I got to get around to it.
Even though I don't want to read a whole bunch of this stuff
on here and no more all the time.
But just every now and then.
Trust me when I tell you.
The head of the book.
Can I read you the first?
No, I don't want to do it.
We'll just give the T's.
T's are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
We're talking about dead people today.
Absolutely.
All the dead people all the time.
They're dropping like flies.
But somewhere up in the sky,
Art County is looking down at this show and saying thank you so much
for having 27 votes.
Is it any?
Sure, why not?
Somewhere around Krandon and what's his name?
What was his name?
And Norton are probably on the bus together right now.
WQIM.
How big your pardon?
Distort.
No, you want to talk to George?
Oh no, you're back.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's so.
I'm going to look at the show right now.
Before I could bring up something,
I heard the other day and it's really freaking out about how you guys
you're there.
I'm here.
How you guys say it?
You know, you could call these chronic callers and say
they have no life.
You know that?
That's why I know something's worth the night having no life.
I just drove down the road.
All these guys standing on the side of the road with these tall cross
that say Jesus loves you and stands there.
I even thought that's the way I had no life.
Why?
They have no life.
I mean, I've never seen you.
What are you doing standing there?
Did they work on you?
No, no, no.
Where is this?
Where exactly you've been driving?
You're on the west coast?
I'm in a braiding team.
I'm in a braiding team.
Oh my god.
Wow.
And then on the side of the road,
you're like,
I'm on right in the road.
When you speak to your own crosses,
and they're got them up on their shoulder,
standing there on the side of the road
with the Jesus loves you.
I'm like,
that is so sick and unbelievable man.
I can't, I mean,
they got no life to be able to stand there.
I have no life.
I wonder what you're saying.
I took them off, man.
It's looking the big bird.
I wonder if someone paid them to do that.
Is it an organization?
You've been a good other man.
You read God's country now.
You better get out of that joint.
But you know, why can you be able to school
there?
They're great for kids.
I lived in Fort Laudale Hollywood for 25 years.
The school's over here.
It's so incredible.
It's so quiet, peaceful, and...
Yeah.
It's great, man.
I don't know that.
Except for those three hours of Bible class,
everybody, but other than that,
it's probably pretty good.
Yeah, but I just blow them off.
You know, I don't deal with those people.
They believe that they want to believe that.
Yeah, a few, but that's what I say.
Okay, pal, good luck.
Yeah, hang in there.
Got it, buddy.
Okay.
But you know, many acts running around
with big crosses on a West Coast saying,
Jesus loves you.
I have no life.
Right.
When you stop and think about it,
what do those people,
what do they do?
What do they do?
They're doing them.
The Jesus Christ is the one who stands.
Like here in Toronto, any big city.
There are people standing on street corners
pedaling crap.
But I was in Amsterdam.
Did I?
Didn't tell you this?
Did I?
Maybe I did.
Why don't I?
There was some girl,
I'd say like mid-twenties.
Not very ugly.
Maybe that's what she was doing this.
She wasn't going to be doing anything else.
She had glasses, very studious kind of luck looking.
And she was on a street corner
with her own big cardboard sign.
Jesus is the way.
Gee, whatever the hell it said.
And she stood on the street corner of the dam rack.
Like right on the ass end of the dam rack,
which is the windiest corner all in Amsterdam.
By the way, where it turns around
toward the hotel,
Victoria, whatever that is.
And she's babbling.
And here comes this island guy,
Jamaica, or whatever he was.
And he's going on about,
well, Lucifer, this,
and Lucifer that.
And she, yeah, yeah, man,
it was just, it was hysterical.
The island people, those are the really, really.
Wow, wacko.
Probably too much of that bad weed.
Let's see what it says was that Robert stacked the guy to play in
Jane West and the Wild Wild West.
No way, no chance.
Robert Conrad.
Robert Conrad, who was a very good looking man.
I guess that's Johnny wants to know.
Yeah, Robert Conrad, who was a real stud.
Is he still alive?
Robert, now he's got to be dead too, don't he?
I think he's still kicking.
Robert Conrad is still alive.
What's that website, boy?
It's uh, we're dead or alive info.com.
Better hop on that.
Going there now.
And Claire reminds one of it about Robert Conrad with a C.
We know about William Conrad, unfortunately, who you didn't like.
I liked him fine.
Perfect.
You did not because he was on a cop show.
He was on Canon.
I know.
He was still, he was a big fat guy.
And he used to like, you know, drive that Mercury marquee.
And.
And always get it banged up.
But the next day it looked just fine.
He must have known fat witches brother-in-law.
But it was a pretty sad situation.
William Conrad was so great and you didn't like him.
Robert Conrad is still alive.
William Conrad also was the voice of Matt Dill and a gun smoke on a radio.
You know that 100 years ago?
Yes.
You told me that.
I see.
What celebrity death of 2003 better get to this because at noon when a little hand
hits the big hand, this is going to change all of a sudden.
It's going to make the change.
437 votes George.
In less than in much less than two hours.
Wow.
You ready for that?
Let's see 7 to 15.
For hour and 38 minutes.
Oh, it is Brittany.
Hey, she's undone it.
Now Brittany Spears is living the single life again.
She and her hometown friend Jason Allen, Alexander,
have been granted an unknown.
Oh, man.
Is he he is so southern?
Such a such a porky.
He could have been in porkeys now that I think of it.
Right?
He looks like them.
Then porkers in porkeys.
What a loser.
Yahoo drew a drooling Louisiana redneck and she allegedly was banging him or whatever.
Yeah, we just presumed.
No, seriously, let's hook her up with a good looking guy.
Okay.
Let's hook her up with somebody like Tom Welling.
I'd pay for that.
Yeah.
See, I'd get swallowing to see her doing Tom Welling.
Sure.
What celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you?
I don't give a shmit about any of 138.
31.5%.
Well, he says good a little bit better.
Johnny Cash 53, John Ritter 51,
Art Carney 27.
He's looking down from the big bus in the sky right now with his plunger.
Fred Rogers 22, see the cruise 17, very white 15.
Dr. Robert Atkins 15.
You know, I was thinking they had a tribute on King
to a Steve Allen a couple of nights ago and Jane Meadows was on there.
What a shame that she's still alive.
Audrey Meadows died.
Oh, well, Bob Hope 13, Catherine Hepburn 11, Gregory Peck 10.
Robert Palmer made a little bit of move.
They were addicted to Robert Palmer 9.
David Bloom 9.
Good guy.
Gregory Hines 8.
Charles Bronson 7.
David Brinkley 7.
I think when David's eyes started to follow the sockets
that was the first thing he was ill in.
You remember that?
Mm-hmm.
That I say Charles Bronson 7.
David Brinkley just went up to 8.
Buddy Hackett 6.
Robert Stack only 3.
Even after all this big promo, I just gave him damn it.
Warren Zeevan 3.
Her books buddy Ebson 3.
All right.
Rod Roddy's got a pair.
Per assault suits that he bought in Thailand.
Yes.
He made a lot of trips to Bangkok.
Lovely suits.
Rod Roddy 2.
Fred Berry 2.
Did we find out who Fred Berry is?
Farzer?
No.
Come on, he wasn't someone of those awful sitcoms.
Nell Carter 1.
Warren Spawn 1.
Horst Buckholz 1.
And no votes.
None.
For Richard Krenna, Sydney Elastic,
Hope Lang, Bobby Hatfield,
or the righteous brothers,
although it says Bobby on there,
Jazeal McKenzie from your hit parade.
She played the violin, you know,
and I think she was Canadian.
Sheb Wolley, purple peeve,
people later none, Earl Hinman none,
Nina Simone, Eliakazan,
John Slesinger none,
Lenny Ray Arifin,
that Nazi none.
Gertrude Eddellie,
Larry Dobby,
Dave DeBusher, Alan Bates,
David Hemings, Donald O'Connor,
Irv Cupsonet,
George Plinton, Leon Euris,
and Hume Kronin have the big,
Oh my god, none,
even for Donald O'Connor.
And that shows you how many Chicago people
we haven't saw Florida none.
Irv Cupson, he wrote Cups column,
and he was a gossip guy.
At least he was a real guy,
not a silly self-hating pansy like Ms. Fudge.
I have no life.
Exactly.
Not somebody used to wear like pink panties,
so pink panties while listening to the
Nier Rogers show like Ms. Fudge.
You think he's doing his N,
uh, what's he doing?
Go up down right now.
5 6 7 0 5 6 442 votes George,
it's the, it's the,
keep George off the airport.
I'm high and low.
I'm just 4 20 5 6
Erla, it beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQM.
Oh my god.
And Goulter is a party girl's life.
Party girl's life. Party girl's life.
And Goulter is a party girl's life.
Party girl's life. Party girl's life.
I heard that the dark spread.
At least that is good.
Party girl's life.
Party girl's life.
Party girl's life.
Party girl's life.
Party girl's life.
A gravel door.
A gravel door.
A gravel door.
A gravel door.
A gravel door.
A gravel door.
A more or less monster.
A good girl who wants to be a media hall.
And for girls that are on top quiver.
You want power?
On this lady?
Is what I'll give you.
She's got a book to read about Slammering.
Nobody knows more about Slammering out.
With a big scoop of mouth.
Anyone to the left of Mangala.
Such a good, christy girl.
You want to strangle her.
Fontyplicating who she's hating.
Political pundits.
Fontyplicating.
Trump on the floor.
And masturbating.
A Republican stanky home.
She's a federalist.
And hope.
Making liberal a dirty word.
You know?
In a mini-sturch row in Cameldo.
And Goulter knows what it could be.
In a mini-skirt that smells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order
with a back alley up.
Give you like your broad stallor.
If you got some money, she'll spread those names
with a cigarette and a sharp name.
And filter and filter political pundits
in the actual black HVTC late.
Probo one at five sixty WDQM.
Happy Tuesday to you, man.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
Can't you?
Run away back.
In fact, I just stayed in my own mind.
I'm dedicating the Winter Rating Book.
January for boring March.
This year to stick it up Moses.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
I never heard anybody dedicate something to an action before.
That's a good one.
I'm dedicating this rating period
to sticking it right up Moses.
I'm telling you that right now.
We're going to say that every single day.
All of us in South Florida.
That's our goal.
January, February and March.
Starting in April, you can take it back out again.
Now, I just saw a piece here on CNN or the corner of my eye
before this prince is Diana Crapigan.
They showed the real winner of the mega millions lottery.
Okay.
The real winner.
The one who actually has the ticket.
Right.
Okay.
Do you think she was the one who went to the pool
and he's saying that she dropped her person lost the ticket?
No.
No, it's not her.
Using flashlights and braving the...
Braving the Winter Cold.
Several people scoured a convenience store parking lot
in hopes of bouncing on the $162 million mega millions lottery ticket.
A woman claimed she lost there.
Who do we believe more?
Who are Pete Rose?
The Free For All was sparked when Alicia Battle of Cleveland
filed a police report saying she dropped her person.
She left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week
after buying the ticket.
She said she realized after the drawing the summer 30th...
About 30, man.
That the ticket was missing.
After news of Alicia Battle's police report spread Monday night,
people walked through snow and frigid temperatures
to try to find the ticket in the store parking lot,
which I'm sure if they would have found a thing to return to poor Alicia.
Of course.
I would have.
I decided to come back to see if I could find a winning ticket
said Laverne Coleman 57.
She would keep the winnings if she found the ticket.
Alicia's on his right.
Battle 40 would not talk about these specifics of when she bought the ticket.
How she lost there even if she was a regular lottery player.
She planned a news conference Tuesday to announce the reward.
A little bit late, sweetheart, too late.
I'm praying that somebody finds the ticket, brings it forward,
and gets rewarded and from there will all live happily ever she said.
She cried as he talked to the AP at her home Monday night.
Police say Battle was in tears when she came to the station to fry to the
file a report and didn't hesitate when asked to write down the winning numbers.
She memorized the real good.
Anyway, the bottom line is she made the whole story up.
She's not the winner.
The real winner was just presented to check
another schfarx and another black lady.
Young, she looked like a real human being.
Talk about her work, pretending that she's not a crazy person,
which is the answer.
Nice try, Alicia, but guess what?
And the board goes back.
Okay, now what's going to be really interesting?
I give up.
Because now the poll is on there today through tomorrow morning.
Reverse.
And one of the things that's going to be really interesting is the
McDean's point where in the first poll, I don't give a shmit about any of them.
We got 31.1%.
We had 457 votes.
More or less.
Right, that's still going to win.
No, no, you're missing my point.
But will the percentage be significantly different?
See?
See my point?
Good point.
Because now the question isn't,
which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you?
The question is, which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest?
Happy, happiest being underlined.
So, would you vote for it?
Bob Hope.
Bob, I mean, he was 150 years old for Christ's sake.
Plus, he was never never said a funny thing in his life.
And you?
That Nazi lady.
Oh, but who now really knew about that?
That's all those pictures.
Quit sucking up to the Jews.
Oh, please.
Which celebrity death of 2000's made you the happiest?
Now, we just got a smattering on there.
30.7% say, I don't give a shmit about any of them.
That's four.
Let me see.
Just changing again.
Oh no.
45% say they don't give a shmit.
Now, that's interesting.
It's just the opposite of what I thought.
John Ritter's got two.
That's bad.
That is terrible.
What do you think?
Heartless.
Crew up.
We're asking their opinion, you know, sub to you folks.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
A little bit of an idea.
QAM.
What is it?
Yes, I call the fingernail.
Speaking.
Yes, you know, I was calling about a friend's bury
was he missing on the radio earlier.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah, a friend's bury once a guy who saw your rerun.
Oh, we go.
Yeah, what happened?
Yeah, that's a lot of thought about you.
That's a lot, pal.
I appreciate the info.
Okay.
But he was rerun.
Right.
How could I have no idea what that is?
Oh, what was the short guide show?
What's happening?
Possibly one of the worst shows ever.
Well, he's dead.
So I guess so, you know,
though rerun could dance.
I guess maybe you're going to be thinking you want
to vote for him.
Now, how come, let's see, in case you don't already have this,
I already have that copy.
Already did the copy and somebody told high boy that you were
bitching about copies.
So he brought it.
No, it's not because I didn't have the copy.
It's because it's as if this time of the year,
if you have company in your house,
companies all gone and holidays are over.
Okay, fat boy.
That was the problem.
You fat tub of crap.
Bob Eisenberg today, you tomorrow.
And also maybe that would give rid of his
neighborhood, Dave Friedman, but I doubt it.
And if Dave Friedman's listening,
Hi, Italian.
See, I'll save you the trouble myself.
In fact,
Hi, Italian.
There's a bonus one for you just to keep you
satisfied.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well, maybe that's a good thing though,
that 47.3% now say they don't give
you should meet about any of them.
In other words, they're not happy that anybody that I don't think so, though.
You'll see.
I should have voted for Alia.
Why?
Because he was a asshole,
right turn coat back stabbing sell out.
India, Kazan.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
This sounds like me.
Is this QAM?
Yes sir.
Oh, I was trying to reach Neil.
You're talking to him.
Well, sorry about that.
Forgive me off the side.
Don't be saying that the name that you were looking for,
Fred Barry guy,
but he played rerun on what's happening.
I'll be damned.
Yes, that was a guy.
Okay, thanks a lot.
You're welcome to see you.
Fred Barry played rerun.
What's happening?
Never saw that show.
56670560
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
What's not to like?
In order to say, what is not to like?
By the way, one thing we're going to do to Moe in the 2004.
What's your brother?
I don't pay for him.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Give him a little bit more appeal.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Is Neil there please?
Speaking.
Hey Neil.
How are you?
Good.
How's George?
George is worth.
He's still the same.
Same question.
Okay.
I got 10 A for your list.
What about George Harrison and worry fifth?
Oh my god.
I feel so bad.
James, James, James,
James on you.
Right.
James on Star Magazine too.
And that other list.
Thanks a lot.
You're welcome.
Have a great new year.
You know, George Harrison,
well, not now.
What do we do now?
What we should have done in the beginning,
although we're screwed.
Let's go to that website.
They definitive the one that I'm finding all the answers.
All the other.
They have a index.
What do we do now?
Go home.
Play Jingle and leave.
Oh god.
Now we're going to put them on this list.
And that's bad.
George Harrison and who is the other one?
Marie Skib.
Moris Kib.
Now you got to play that bit.
No, no.
Play what bit?
I don't know.
I can't think of anything.
Oh.
Maybe you can remember.
Dr. Zin.
My heart stops.
You schwarz at sign.
For my intestines.
I guess I should have known what to expect.
Living in Miami.
With the kind of service you've given this town.
I would act to leave too.
If I didn't eat that crap.
I swallowed.
Why did you let me so you can ask?
Why did you lose us?
Get it right.
My foul will look blocked.
Inside my hearty.
Can't take my touch.
Go out.
It's good.
It's good.
It's good.
It's good.
So I guess we have no choice but to put George Harrison
and Moris Kib on this list of which one made you the happiest.
They would have both done well on the first one.
No, to think.
Absolutely.
So let's just for the sake of argument say they both did really well.
All right.
Huh?
Sure it wasn't.
Especially George Harrison.
What's not to life, man?
Right?
See, 57 votes.
I don't know.
This one maybe Dean is wrong.
Maybe the people of South Florida will not participate in this poll
because they just want to show that he's wrong.
That he's reading everybody wrong down there.
People are very, very loving and caring and emotional
and have tremendous empathy, etc and so on.
Why are they voting for Rod Roddy?
They didn't like those suits.
Let's see.
Oh, look at this.
Guess what?
Fred Barry with the fat ass rerun on what's happening?
Do you know that?
It was a brochure from the 70s.
What?
A brochure.
And since for a while in the 70s, Fred Barry is on the biggest stars
on American TV.
Could have fooled me.
The former dancer who became a star in the sitcom,
what's happening ballooned
until his weight became a threat to his health.
He battled with food, drank drugs, and women
marrying six times to four women in total.
Hi, a BDs was diagnosed.
He lost more than 100 pounds and turned to religion, didn't help.
Born in St. Louis, Missouri in 51,
Barry danced with the lockers,
but it was the sitcom deal in 76 that gave him his big break.
The series ran for three seasons.
After was canceled, very struggled with personal problems
and with the search for another star vehicle.
The series was popular through reruns that are further series.
What's happening now?
In fact, if he was still alive, we could do what's happening right now.
Was picked up in 1985 ran for three years,
after which Barry and then we could do what's happening next week.
After which he gave up acting for religion.
He returned to the screen in 1998 for the action movie in the hood
and his final role was a cameo in Dickey Roberts.
Oh, I see, Dickey Roberts, former child star in 2003.
Very died October 1st, 2003, aged only 52.
All that fat, all that religion.
All that blooded diabetes, all of these things.
These lives.
Put them in an early grave.
Sorry about that Fred, whatever your name was.
Now let's see, 45.3% say I don't give a shmit about any of them as far as
which one made you the happiest.
Well, no, that's not a, that's not, I don't think we're wording that right, are we?
So I think we are.
Huh?
What?
Well, maybe none of them made them happy.
Maybe that's the way we should have awarded it.
I don't know.
Hey, listen, we'll do the best we can under very difficult circumstances
with the enormous numbers of deaths.
See, when I, when I sat down and I thought to myself, well, certainly the star being a
major tabloid printed right there in Lantana, certainly the star wouldn't be a
dick in a round with us and leaving anybody important out come to find out they left out
how many people?
About 30, man.
About 100.
Nice going, man.
So it's a schlock publications like I said, stick with the inquirer.
Don't give you the straight poop.
About 13 at 560 WQM speaking of poop, you know, some of those meal replacement,
the bars and the drinks, they'll all make you do a lot of that.
But not enterprise diabetic.
In fact, what a great meal replacement is because it tastes good.
It doesn't have any crap in it.
Anybody who's either diabetic or wants to cut down the sugar intake ought to be drinking
enterprise diabetic.
It's sweetened with splendor made from sugar.
So there's no after nasty aftertaste like you with aspartame or sacraments.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice
proper nutrition just because they're in a big hurry.
Interrext diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement
that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life.
Plus, fiber and antioxidants, yet it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol.
It's also gluten-free and lactose-free.
If you're a gluten for punishment and eight ounce can can provide 237 calories of easily
that is to nutrition.
Try and address diabetic once a night guarantee.
You'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before.
Even George liked it.
Erno, you didn't like it.
The beast liked it.
You didn't try it.
Did you try it?
Yes.
Okay, I said George is full of crap.
In fact, I mean, no, seriously, I had it when I was there and I liked it a lot.
And the beast liked it too, so you're an ass.
Anyway, the makers are so sure you're going to love interrext diabetic to give it a way
free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavors to anybody who calls their tool-free number.
One, eight, six, six, three, six, eight, thirty, seven, thirty-nine, or faster yet
order for yourself on the internet at enterrext diabetic.com.
That's ENT-ER-EX diabetic.
All on word, enterrext diabetic.com and then just click on free samples.
Tell them at Neil Center for the delicious one and get an additional special gift.
And you can also pick it up all over town now.
It's at publics, Walgreens, records, Navarro, Sivano, CVS, other local pharmacies.
But if you want your free sample call at tool-free number two day,
one, eight, six, six, three, six, eight, thirty-seven, thirty-nine.
My, my, and local.
This is sports radio five, six, six, eight, eight, eight, eight.
I am.
Sting program, I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Don't make mistakes when you bust Robert Blake.
Oh, no, no, don't know it.
Don't love it.
Unlike OJ, this guy won't get away.
No condition.
And say goodbye to the red.
Cause the LED, no it's better.
He's guilty man and I mean that.
Just wait and see when it's on court TV.
Yeah.
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.
Bye, bye, bye.
Well, 18 and we're so easy man.
She calls it and gives us that song and a dance about George Harrison.
And thanks to Phil and Oral Springs points out that George Harrison died
November 29th, 2001.
Seemed like just yesterday.
Seemed like only yesterday.
My sweet lord.
2001 he died.
So that's like not even close.
But one out of two I guess ain't bad.
She's batting 500.
Morris Gibbs died January 13th, 2003.
At Mount Sinai where they push it him up real good folks.
There's a real good lesson for you.
Mount Sinai Hospital on Miami Beach.
Unless you're really ready to go in and not come out.
That's a place to stay away from.
I'm printing the freaking master list from this site.
It's like the Roach Motel man.
It's like the Roach freaking motel you check in.
But you probably won't check out.
Nice job on my call bladder.
By the way, Mount Sinai you assholes you grave robbers you.
I still remember that phone call.
And that bit that we played is seriously if somebody would if one of
their brothers would have just had one or two dukelax.
You know what I'm saying?
Get it out of the system.
His twisted kishkeys.
He would have probably been okay.
Probably still be with us today.
Rubbin is bald spot.
But no.
With celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest.
Now maybe we shouldn't have done this.
We got sucked into doing this.
Maybe it's not a good idea.
What do you think?
That's a good idea.
Oh, 91 votes I guess it might be in about less than 20 minutes.
I don't give a shit about any of them 43, 47.2%.
So that means that the audience is much more benevolent and much more kind and
caring than dean thought.
At least so they profess to be.
And look.
No.
This is bad.
Just when we're trying to mend our fences with our holy audience out there.
Look what's leading me.
I almost heard it for you.
Sweet.
Ten votes for Celia Cruz, eight for Bob Hope.
Now you're talking.
Rod Roddy for.
I don't know why.
Ilya Kazan for Robert stack three.
Oh no.
How could anybody not like Robert stack really doing that just to piss me off.
It got to be.
What was there to just like about Robert stack just to piss you off just in the movie
airplane.
Just that performance alone him in Lloyd bridges it was great.
Right right sensational.
Lenny you reached it all Nazi three.
Dr. Bob Atkins three.
Three people are happiest that he died.
Oh no.
John Ritter three horse book calls to they just don't like that name.
Fred Rogers to one for Richard Krenna one for Gregory Hines one for Johnny Cash and one
for David Hemings and one for Earl Hinman.
Who now was he again.
He was in what show home improvement.
I guess yeah.
Yes.
And no votes for our car.
He at all.
All the other ones on it arrested.
Yeah.
It's it's early.
It's in the early running.
Don't get carried away yet.
Lot of votes to be counted.
And if we don't get the result will like both cock to the Bush people look at the right
result five six seven oh five sixty.
Don't let me forget this wedding.
Marvers pit call I wrote it down.
It is so and I know some people get really pissed off about it.
The headline is too loud words.
Two words of Bush knew but anyway we'll get to it.
W Q a.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Pretty damn good.
That happy new year.
The sun is shining man.
I know sure it's done here too.
All right.
I'm trying to find something.
I wasn't able to listen to your show yesterday and you haven't spoke about it all day
today.
I saw on channel seven news this morning.
The new ads.
I forget the name of the website is something move.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Move on that org.
Very, huh?
In fact you can go on their website.
I move on that org and you can see the various commercials that they had that are under
consideration and the ones that they're going to be running the whole bunch of them.
Awesome because I haven't heard you talk about that.
So I thought that that was going to be a good point for you.
I say it's about time some people in this country got some balls.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
You know how I'm good?
Thank you.
You too.
Bye bye.
Yeah.
If you go to move on that org there's a whole Schmidt load of TV ads on there and they
all like it.
They pull out punches.
You know.
And of course, Miss Fudge, she's all been out of shape about the comparisons between
Bush and Hitler and Miss Fudge says this and Miss Fudge says that that's self-hating
faggot there.
Man.
I wonder if him.
I wonder if he's doing it with what's his name Richard Mellon's cave.
Do you think they're doing it?
You think he's got the old chief from Richard Mellon's cave.
Yeah.
How do you handle that payroll?
Beats a hell out of me.
Ask your girlfriend Lynn.
She'll tell you.
When she comes in next summer to take over your job.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Oh, that's 5 60.
That match made that that romance.
There's something really mysterious there that is one of the most bizarre pairings in
history.
I mean Miss Fudge and Ann Coker, that one, it's an old, a no-drainer.
But when you have absolutely no principles or convictions whatsoever, I guess I then
you can say, well, you know, you see never stole a freight train.
He's such a sweet thing.
Which one of these is the Hitler one?
I beg your pardon?
I'm on the side.
Lenny, Reese, whatever her name was.
Oh, and you move on.org.
I got the list of their commercials here.
Oh, I don't know if that's on there yet.
Just just go to the drug thing.
I'm sure he's still got it on there.
He's foaming at the mouth about it.
Anyway, here's a fact that did you see Ralph Nader?
Yes, I would talk about that before.
Blasting the right wing asshole Bob Novak on Crossfire last night.
Yes, I did.
Of course, no response for the pathetic and corrupt record the Bush-Master regime has.
I only wish some of these candidates would embrace what Nader was saying.
Well, guess what?
How are Dean Hans said it?
He's the only one who's got the balls to tell it like it is.
And show this administration for what it is.
Now we got to where we're and he was, he was just great.
Not only saying that we're was based on a pack of lies, which how are Dean has said
over and over again.
But many other offenses this, uh, fused up a boys club is done.
See with the board or after I'm my strip search and cavity search.
Good luck to us all.
Says this faxer.
Okay.
And the Nader is supporting Dennis Kucinich, which is fine except for the fact like Vagallaport
it out and so did even Bob Novak.
Dennis Kucinich has got no chance.
Even George has got a better chance of winning the Dennis Kucinich.
Okay, I'm straight.
Even if he just, just were handing out free drugs.
Whatever.
So what's the point, Nader?
Are you going to screw it up again or not?
And of course the good part of it is the green, the green party piece people are saying
no way we don't watch it this time.
So he's not running on it.
The green party ticket.
So if he runs it all, it be as an independent.
Just keep your name off of there you asshole.
You egotistical arrogant jackass.
See Nader again, he's one of those people.
It says a lot of things that you like, but then you realize it's all ego with him.
He knows he hasn't got any chance.
So what's the point?
See the last time the excuse was he wanted to get the party on, um, all the state on all
the ballots.
In other words, if they got a big enough percentage in each state, then they get on the ballot
for the congressional elections and they run their own candidates, then it happened.
But to run it as an independent would be nothing more than an ego trip.
It doesn't accomplish anything other than siphonov votes from Howard Dean.
Five, six, boy, they're sure heavy duty on this thing.
One of the bishops doing to one of the rights of priest who may be well falsely accused
somebody wants to know, all right, right, like that one that we shard down near the cables
that little church that are little flower, whatever the hell it is, it's screaming and
carrying on.
Yeah, of the little deep flower.
He's a screamer.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, five, 60 on the eight TNT and Verizon wireless line.
119 votes, 119, old bean, which celebrity death of 2003 may do the happiest.
A lot of people don't want to be associated with this thing.
They find it disgusting and grotesque and very poor taste.
43.6% say I don't give a shaman about any of them.
52, which is their way of saying, I'm not happy that anybody died.
In fact, to be honest with it, there's only one person who if they died, I'd be really
happy.
Absolutely.
Oh, I don't want to mention no names.
Absolutely.
CDA Cruz 20, CDA is building an insurmountable lead.
It looks like to me, Bob Hope 11.
In fact, I can hear him singing to CDA right now.
Thanks for the memories.
Where she's singing that to him.
Ilya Kazan 6, Lenny Errreefz that I'm surprised at many people know who that is.
They had news reports.
No, they heard us talking about it.
That was Hitler's movie producer, five, Rod Roddy four, and then not too much change
after that.
Robert Stack with three makes me want to just vomit.
27 past noon at 560 WTQAM.
If your car's got problems, man, don't just trust it.
Any schmuck that came down the pike, EF Tyronaut of repair, some people you can trust
because they know their stuff.
You'll find them at 5083 North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half north of Sample Road,
and prestigious Pompino Beach.
At EF Tyronaut of repair, experience the difference that experience makes.
Like I said, they really know their stuff.
All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians, current with all latest technology, and most
of them with the EF team for nearly 20 long, excruciating years.
The EF team is over 200 combined years of experience.
And no job is too big or small for EF either from a blown fuse to a blown engine, whatever
you'll be blowing.
From a 73 Toyota to an O4 Bentley, EF Tyronaut of repair, and V doing it all.
All jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop foreman, and every
car is cleaned upon completion of the work.
EF found his most extended warranties, and they offer you wide-awaited service on most
repairs too.
EF Tyronaut of repair again that addresses 5083 North Federal Highway in Pompino Beach,
called 954-426-9926.
That's 954-426-9926.
When you do call these folks, be sure to ask about their 90-day same-as-cash-new-interest
credit card too.
EF Tyronaut of repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair
facilities anywhere in the Atari, US, and keep in mind that EF their model was, and
they really mean it.
Nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business.
EF Tyronaut of repair, and the most successful automotive repair facility in the
EF Tyronaut of repair, and the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry
is the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry.
EF Tyronaut of repair, and the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry.
EF Tyronaut of repair, and the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry
EF Tyronaut of repair, and the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry
is the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry.
EF Tyronaut of repair, and the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry
is the most successful automotive repair facility in the industry.
George Bush received specific warnings in the weeks before 11 September that an attack
inside the U.S. was being planned by Osama Bin Laden's Al-Qaeda Network, U.S. government sources
said yesterday.
In a top-sequit intelligence memo headline Bin Laden determined the strike in the U.S.,
the president was told on August 6 that the Saudi-born terrorists hoped to bring the
fight to America in retaliation for missile strikes on Al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan in
1998.
Bush and his aides who are facing withering criticism for fading to act on the series of warnings
have previously said intelligence experts had not advised them domestic targets were
considered at risk.
However, they've admitted that they were specifically told that hijacks were being planned.
Another story on the topic came from the New York Times on May 15, 2002, and was titled,
Bush was warned Bin Laden wanted to hijack planes.
Unlike the Guardian piece, the Times chose to lead this article with the Bush administration's
cover story, one the administration has stuck with to this day.
The White House said tonight that President Bush had been warned by American intelligence
agencies in early August that Osama Bin Laden was seeking to hijack aircraft, but that
the warnings didn't contemplate the possibility that the hijackers would turn the planes into
guided missiles for a terrorist attack.
It is widely known that we had information that had been lawden wanted to attack the U.S.
or United States interests abroad.
Erie Fleischer, the president's press secretary, said this evening.
The president was also provided information about Bin Laden wanting to engage in hijacking
in the traditional pre-9-11 sense, but not for the use of suicide bombing, not for the
use of an airplane as a missile.
Yes, we were warned said the Bush administration, but who could have conceived of terrorists
using airplanes for suicide bombings?
A lot of people, actually.
According to a Time magazine story that appeared January 2, 2004, National Security Advisor
Condoleezer Rice's blocking had request to testify before Thomas Cain's 9-11 commission
under oath.
She also wants her testimony to be taken behind closed doors and not in public.
The crux of her hesitation would appear on the surface to be her comments of May 16, 2002,
in which she used the above reference to excuse that no one could have predicted that
they would try to use a hijack airplane as a missile.
If that excuses reflective of reality, why does she fear to testify under oath?
Perhaps Ms. Rice fears testifying because too many facts are now in hand, thanks in no
small part, to the work of 9-11 widows like Kristen Brightweiser, which fly in the face
of the administration's demurals.
For example, in 1993, a $150,000 study was commissioned by the Pentagon to investigate
the possibility of an airplane being used to bomb national landmarks.
A draft document of this was circulated throughout the Pentagon, the Justice Department
into the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA.
In 1994, a disgruntled federal express employee broken into the cockpit of a DC-10 would
plan to crash it into a company building in Memphis.
That same year, a lone pilot crashed a small plane into a tree on the White House grounds
narrowly missing the residence, and Air France flight was hijacked by members of the armed
Islamic group, which intended to crash the plane into the Eiffel Tower.
In September 1999, a report titled Sociology and Psychology of Terrorism was prepared
for U.S. intelligence by the Federal Research Division Army of the Library of Congress.
It stated suicide bombers belonging to Al-Qaeda's martyrdom battalion could crash-line an
aircraft packed with high explosives, C-4 and CEM-TEX into the Pentagon, the headquarters
of the CIA or the White House.
Throughout the spring and early summer of 2001, intelligence agencies flooded the government
with warnings of possible terrorist attacks against American targets, including commercial
aircraft by Al-Qaeda and other groups.
A July 5, 2001 White House gathering of the FAA, the Coast Guard, the FBI, Secret Service
and INS had a top counterterrorism official Richard Clark State that something really
spectacular is going to happen here and it's going to happen soon.
Donald Kerrick, who is a three-star general, was a deputy national security adviser in
the late Clinton administration.
He stayed on into the Bush administration.
When the Bush administration came in, he wrote a memo about terrorism al-Qaeda and Osama
bin Laden.
The memo said, we will be struck again.
As a result of writing that memo, he was not invited any more meetings.
In late November, a truth-out interview, former Clinton adviser Sidney Blumenthal said,
Richard Clark was director of counterterrorism and national security counsel.
He has since left.
Clark urgently tried to draw the attention of the Bush administration to the threat of
Al-Qaeda, right at the present the Bush administration is trying to withhold documents from the
9-11 bipartisan commission.
I believe one of the things that they don't want to be known is what happened August 6,
2001.
It was on that day that George W. Bush received his last and one of the few briefings on
terrorism.
I believe he told Richard Clark that he didn't want to be briefed on this again, even though
Clark was panicked about the alarms he was hearing regarding potential attacks.
Bush was blithe and different ultimately irresponsible.
The public has a right to know what happened August 6 continued Blumenthal, what Bush did,
what Kanye Rice did, what the rest of them did, and what Richard Clark's members and
statements were.
Then the public will be able to judge exactly what this presidency has done.
George W. Bush is going to run in 2004 on the idea that the administration is the only
one capable of protecting us from another attack, like the ones which took place on 9-11.
Yet the record today is clear.
Not only did they fail in spectacular fashion to deal with those first threats, not only
his debris, a reaction caused this to be less safe, not only if they failed to sufficiently
bolster our defenses, but they used the aftermath of the attacks to ran through policies they
couldn't have dreamed of achieving on September 10.
It is one of the most remarkable turnabouts in American political history never before
has an administration used so grizzly a personal failure to such excellent effect.
Never mind the final insult, they received all these warnings and went on vacation for
a month down in Texas.
The August 6th briefing might have all happened in a vacuum.
September 11th could and should have been prevented.
Why?
Because Bush knew.
This administration must not be allowed to ride their criminal negligence into a second
term.
Someone needs to say those two words loudly.
After all, Bush is proven with social security and with 9-11 that third rails can be danced
across.
All it takes is a little boldness.
That's it, William Rivers Pitt.
What a good guy.
Huh?
He is a great, he's a great columnist.
He's a right on target.
Tompane.com.
It's on our website today, neoroges.com.
Oh, excuse me for reading.
But I think I accomplished something there in about two or three minutes.
That's that we're going to change any minds, but we're doing our best to do our duty.
20.
To do our duty.
Like I said, look at that.
46.4% now say which celebrity death of 2003 makes you the happiest?
I don't give a shit about any of them.
Well, how come the first time when we said which one bugged you the most, only 31%?
Does he want to say it?
Does it make any sense for you?
I understand it.
Maybe they just want to be all hard.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
If your hair is on a floor and you want to be all hard to yourself, get yourself some
new hair for 2004 and the rest of your life for my buddy, Chuck Alphier.
He gives you sensational results.
Instead of walking around with some kind of a silly hat on all the time to cover up your
big shiny bald spot and we know some people who do that.
Absolutely.
Because they were too embarrassed to keep wearing those muskrats around the house and around
the orifice.
Chuck Alphier is probably caused the natural hairline system, no matter how much you
pay, you can't get a better, more natural look and peace anywhere in the universe.
So if you want to look like Dennis Kassinich, look what it's doing to him.
He says all the right things and people laugh at him because he's got a pasty nasty looking
wig.
If you want to look great, maybe younger than you ever dreamed you could again, maybe get
a little bit of action in a real head start in your life or maybe just some head, call
Chuck Alphier.
He doesn't lose but the bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
After 30 days, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not
in late like 15, 20, 30 times a day, Charlie give you a full refund, no questions asked.
And if you mention the arigis when you make that Charlie give you 200 bucks extra off the
already reasonable price of that natural hairline system.
So for the new year, like I said, the rest of your life give yourself some here this year
called Tool Free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto that website, CharlesAlphierry.com.
We are supporting you 560-2AM.
Mr. President, we asked you how to Christmas message.
Do you have a Christmas message this year?
Well, my message this year is for people to give one of the greatest gifts they can possibly
give.
Recession?
A government report showed that the economy is weak.
People are still losing job businesses on hiring.
You bet.
Fantastic.
I want to ask you something while I have the opportunity of being with both of you.
This is Bush.
Is it true that your husband has a face?
I've never heard that before.
Well, she was not there.
She doesn't tell you everything.
Look, on occasion, Hallamann, as I like to put it, it's all part of the holiday spirit.
Girls?
Yes, but I've been out there, of course.
Thanks a lot for bringing it up.
1244-560-WQAM.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Mad Dog at 2 is Boog, a pinch hitting for the Humper today for the load.
The load is under the weather.
Under the table and under the weather.
Keep the food away from that man.
Okay, please.
That's going to be our goal this year.
Okay, very mo and keep the load alive.
Right?
There's very little load of it.
Simultaneously.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've been out of town for a little bit and I was wondering about the Michael Moore
movie based on DudeWare's My Country.
I heard it's coming out as something else name about the Bushpin Lawden connection.
Right, before the election.
Right.
Do you know the name of it?
Oh, no.
Well, because I heard it's not going as the name of DudeWare's My Country.
But on another hand, what about diebold?
I mean, I'm still, everybody freaking out that the diebold is owned by people who donate
to the Bush campaign at the point of year-level.
Well, I've had about 8 million articles on our website about that.
Now I have that a chance to get to a computer for all.
All the good news is that they tested out the new voting machines that also have a paper
trail, leave a paper record.
Exactly.
So hopefully by the time we get to November, a scene or a heads will prevail and we don't
just have this invisible of a tabulation going on that can never be traced.
Guys, how does the country fall for that for the entire 200 plus years of our history?
We've done right in ballots or paper ballots.
Do you want to know how they fall for it?
Because they're easily manipulated and they're stupid.
That's why.
I love your grudge and what's that horrible blonde bitch right here?
And culture.
She's a horrible one.
Bravo, brother.
Do it together, man.
Have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And let me tell you something, Miss Fudge, when the right wing is get true with you when
they have nothing left, you'll be one of the first ones.
They'll be marching off into the ovens.
OK?
Trust me what I tell you.
You self-hating faggot you.
5, 6, 7.
I beg your pardon?
When they squeeze and dry.
Yeah, when they squeeze it.
They'll turn them into a pink lampshade.
Oh, look at line nine.
W and Q, A, M, hello.
All of them make me happy.
Isn't he the best or what?
He is there every day.
Never misses a moment.
And you know who we haven't heard from today?
Yes, I do.
There's a little son of a man.
And that guy, whatever the hell he says.
What's the thing we haven't heard from yet?
I know.
Chamba.
W and Q, A, M, hello.
Hello, Wayne, please.
I mean, Neil, please.
Wayne, the high-zinger speaking.
It sounds like me, yeah.
Hey, but I thought I got a pair for you.
O, day and coupsay.
Oh, O, day and coupsay.
Well, we should have had them on the first part.
Are you at them on the first part?
No, I said we should have had them on the first part.
Are you sorry they seemed there?
Go.
No, the first part was which one meant the most to you.
In other words, who you're most sorry about.
Right.
Well, this is the one I'm happiest about, no?
I can see.
Even now you've got me confused.
No, I've got it backward.
Right.
All right, then out of the on this one, right.
OK, excellent, excellent choice.
Thanks.
Thanks, Polly.
Oh, they're not celebrities.
So see, see what he's trying to say.
He's trying to say he's happy that they're dead.
And of course, we are too, but nevertheless, they're
not celebrities.
And forget about it.
5670560, although it isn't enough to make me want to play
that bit.
What is that thing called?
Do we know?
No, I don't know.
Oh, I'll never find that in the million years.
W and Q, A, M, hello.
Q, A, M.
I got Polly.
W and Q, A, M, hello.
The Guardians of Ragn, the Colmy Ragn.
W and Q, A, M, hello.
How about David Blowbue, Jackass?
W and Q, A, M, hello.
David Oom is on there, asshole.
Yes, sir?
Yes, sir.
That was a good article that you read.
It was a couple of minutes worth of it.
It was a very good article.
But what I got out of it more is that Clinton turned
his head for about seven years.
Yeah.
And so, you know, Clinton had seven years to do something
with Ben Laden.
Yeah, that's what he wanted.
He wanted to bring it to the first place.
Yeah.
Bush comes in and he doesn't have that.
They missed, they missed, they missed
been Laden by only a matter of moments.
And if right, if right, wing assholes who were more,
see if people wouldn't have had a waist $75 million
plus of money and three or four years
about penis skate and about stains on a blue dress
and about the president lying about blow jobs.
And we could have really concentrated
about the war on terror.
Sandy Berger's been on TV a million times,
a million times, talking about the fact
that he begged Condi Rice and to push people
when he took office during the transition
that they really had to be paying attention
because there was a very legitimate threat.
But again, keep churning it around, turning it around.
Don't forget what he did, got to drop the bonds.
It's a wagon, the dog is trying to opt to say.
That's right.
He's wagoned all of us is to try to divert attention
from the real problem with his,
the president is a flandering bastard
and we need to be impeaching him.
So on the one hand, we got a president
who lied about his sex life.
Now we got a president who lies about the rationale
for invading another country
and sacrificing lives of hundreds,
if not thousand eventually of American people
plus thousands of Iraqi people,
not to mention all the thousands
who are being injured all the time every week,
which we never hear about them right.
And some of them very, very, very tragic
serious injuries by the way,
but they don't report about that.
You know, you people out there
that wanna keep twisting around.
I'm not gonna sit here and apologize for Clinton
and let me say this to you, was he perfect?
No, compared to what we got now, he was sensational.
He was the greatest thing since Jesus and sliced bread.
She compared to what we got now.
That's right.
But keep, to keep obfuscating,
you can't handle the truth.
You can, what kind of a response is that?
So what I just got through reading.
And then that's why like I told you the other day,
it's a total waste of time
because you can keep trying as much as you want.
You're just dealing with political infants.
All they know is, the right wing is good,
left wing is bad, or vice versa.
That's all they know.
And like I've told you for years,
both parties suck.
And that's why Howard Dean is a breath of fresh air
of your partner expression
because he's one of the very few,
him and Kissinich,
older Kissinich has no chance,
but there are two of the very few
who've had the balls to come along
and tell it exactly the way it is.
As opposed to just always sucking up
and sucking up just political hacks like the Gebhard
and John Kerry, who's really scary.
I'm so sick and tired of hearing about John Kerry
and the Vietnam and all that other crap.
Like, you know, where the hell was he
when voting for this crap right off the bat
in a rack, folding,
folding like a freaking accordion.
And the same with Hillary, by the way,
who now all of a sudden is so popular
and got a big mouth,
she folded up, voted for it.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Nero.
Yes, sir.
Do you think Julie Raman has any clue
that he'll never get elected?
Do I think what?
That Julie Raman has a clue
that he'll never get elected.
Obviously not.
He sure wasted a lot of some money trying.
All right.
Let me ask you another question.
Did they get the keeps the money
that they raised for campaign and after the gun?
Personally?
No. No.
Oh, they often do.
And then of course,
sometimes they go to jail for whatever.
No.
567-0560, at least not for personal use anyway.
Yeah, he had one for dog catcher.
Yeah, in personal use.
Exactly.
Stuff on the side,
Halava, Kishki, WQAM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
You guys forgot Dudley Moore on that list.
He died this year?
I think so, yeah.
I mean, 2003.
2003, yeah.
Hey, I got a P-row story for you too.
Okay.
Back when he opened up his restaurant in Boca,
I was eating lunch there with my girlfriend
and my son and he was sitting in a table next to me,
it was a really crowded place and there were some keys
on the floor and I reached out and picked them up
and I nudged the guy that I was going to be.
Then the Moore died, March 28, 2002.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Okay.
I nudged the guy next to me.
I said, hey, are these your keys?
And it was P-row's his keys.
He goes, yeah, and he grabbed him out of my hand.
It was a real nasty.
Didn't even say thank you.
Yeah, I didn't say thank you or nothing.
And I was giving him his keys back off the floor.
So that's not a major asshole, man.
That was a major asshole.
I didn't know anything about it.
Gambling, bull, and ever since then,
I knew that the guy was an ass.
Yeah.
Well, does he know what was this someone else?
I thought, you know, March 28, 2002.
All right.
Thanks, Palli.
Have a great day.
Geez, the time goes by so fast.
So many people drop in like flies.
Right.
Can't even keep track.
Yeah, P-row's is a major asshole,
but now of course America can spend a lot of time debating
and of course the Brits are no better.
We're going to have an inquest
into the death of Princess Diana
and about the dog, you know, Princess Anne's dog
that the Queen's dog, the whatever the hell it is.
Corgi.
You know, they don't even have good taste in dogs.
The notes.
That's sad.
Really pathetic.
The Queen just loves her corgi's.
Pfft.
God.
That's what the world is worrying about.
Innocent people are dying every goddamn day
and the rest of the public is out there.
Well, do you think P-row should be in the hall?
Yeah, he should be out in the hall somewhere
or cool in his heels.
Out of the hall in the halls at Rayford.
Get him out of my face.
I'm not just disgusting self-absorbed piece of crap.
Okay, he was a great ball player.
Now what?
Now what?
That's all it matters.
Oh, is that all it matters?
I forgot about that.
It's all the rest.
It does it.
56670560, but you see the tremendous impact
of my reading the article.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Right.
Like farting into a windstorm.
That's exactly what I've been doing for many, many years.
Stop turning, man.
It is town.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Nice talking to you.
Lion was working, though.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
You know, these people that call about, you know,
Clinton did do anything about Ben Laden.
Think about this.
When the Bush administration took office,
why didn't they reveal that?
Why didn't they reveal all of his shortcomings
and say, basically, we're going to go out here
and do what the Clinton administration
ignored to the left, because of him.
That's right.
It's just the most ridiculous thing to obfuscate the...
I mean, even for the sake of argument, let's say,
okay, the Clinton did absolutely nothing.
They didn't really drop those bombs.
They didn't really try to go after Osama, which isn't true.
But just for the sake of argument, let's say,
okay, that's fine, but guess what?
Clinton isn't going to be running this November for president.
Right, and unfortunately...
And the point is that they would have scored
with the American public if they could
reveal all of these threats and say,
right, here, this argument administration
has only been there for seven or eight months,
and here we've been going to solve this major problem.
It's just, I mean, the people that want to face the facts, you know?
See, the other part of this remains,
there's so many questions that need to be answered,
and the big one in my mind is still,
how come the public in, and even the politicians
are screaming about the Bush Bin Laden connection,
and the fact that the Bin Laden family,
while everybody else was grounded after 9-11,
for days and all the airports were closed,
how come it is that all the members of the Bin Laden family
got special treatment, and we're all allowed to leave the country
without being interviewed by the FBI
who desperately wanted to interview them, by the way,
and all went back to Saudi Arabia not to be seen again.
Right, just that one point, if the death crimes are,
or maybe even an independent group can articulate
that point to the people, you know, through ass,
maybe if any of you are just, or your...
The people are too worried about Pete Roseman.
Yeah, and the wedding or whatever he calls him.
And Britney Spears, right?
Yeah, hey, my nomination for the first on the poll
is Strong Thermal.
Oh, 2003, no?
I think so, isn't he?
Or two, no, that's right, 2003.
I think so, no.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Did Strong Thermal die in three?
I think so, but was he a celebrity?
No. No, he was.
Not a celebrity, he was a celebrity daddy.
Was celebrated.
A celebrity daddy and a hypocrite
and a right-wing asshole under the piece of crap.
1257 at 560 WQM, how's that pool coming?
Which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest?
That's cruel, man.
It's right up your alley, folks.
We got 192 votes.
That's not too bad, almost 200 in an hour.
And so far, 93%, 48.4% say,
I don't give a shit about any of them.
Nobody's croaking made me happy last year.
Senior Cruz, though, 33.
Oh, God.
How many Cubans did we have left?
About 30 men.
They're all gone now.
They've had it probably 33.
Bob Hope 16, Lenny Reifenstahl, Hitler's movie producer,
eight, John Witter-six, Eliak-Zan-six,
Dr. Bob, poor Dr. Bob Akins five,
Rod Roddy four and from there on, it's a small potatoes.
Robert Stex, two or three.
They still haven't subtracted those.
1257 at 560 WQM, why not let the Emerald Coast
cater your next party?
Why not let them put on a fantastic feast for you?
This will come in a weekend, anytime,
because you can't beat them with a stick.
They can accommodate even the biggest groups.
Take a whole bunch, maybe even...
Not 30 men.
That's right, they can handle it for you.
Start your Mothawattering eating experience
at the Emerald Coast with six different soups.
You can try any of them or all of them if you're real hog.
And then sample dozens of delicious mothawattering
on trays like New York strip made of order
in their sizzling Asian grill along with their
new seafood Saint Jacques.
Enjoy oysters on a half shell every night.
There's a Laskin' Stone crab, Middle-neck clams,
jumbo shrimp scampy.
And now for the first time ever at the Emerald Coast,
steamed main lobster on the weekends.
If you still have some room-tried their hand-carved
prime rib cooked the way you like it,
plus their new Thai specialties too.
And don't forget, like I always tell you,
unlike most Chinese restaurants,
you don't walk out of there with that MSG headache ever,
because they don't use any MSG, no cornstarch, no crap,
and they cook all of their fine cuisine
only with cholesterol for your oils.
The buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar,
the new sushi bar and fresh rim cocktail too.
And because they know that a lot of you got a big,
hardy appetite, they got a full dessert station too,
featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries,
ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
even fresh fruit too.
Three Emerald Coast locations for you.
Your fine them in sunrise,
pine on a lot of the corner of 44th Street,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rds in North Miami Beach,
at the intersection of flamingo and pepper crots
in Pembroke Pines.
So take the whole family or book your next business lunch
and right now and let our friends at the Emerald Coast
cook up a feast for you.
Take out an delivery always available too.
Call 9-5-4-57238-22.
9-5-4-57238-22.
A lot of imitators out there these days,
but there's nothing like the original
Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
The Emerald Coast.
This is sports 20 or vice-cute.
You weigh in.
Does it jazz brown to you, son of a bitch?
Well, my wish was granted.
But I'm sure going to miss listening
to the Neil Rogers Fair in Balanced,
when the two are, you son of a bitch.
The one who began, now they have only one
big, tender, rare.
Don't forget that soon gone, we got it.
Now they will put me in shame.
We got it.
We won't be tight, it's no more.
We got it.
Where's the sports party?
We say 9 or 11, but they got you to do me.
Can't get it, they've got the little home party
got to do me.
You believe what they say, like the call.
Like a fool, a fool, I say you, my bitch.
A sterile state, so they fall with two.
All the election, we got it.
Push it, got it, game.
We got it.
Get them on your knees.
We got it.
We got it.
Praise Bush like Jesus, baby.
One, oh three at five, 60 WQ, I got two great new books
that I bought over the weekend.
George Soros, the bubble of American supremacy,
correcting the misuse of American power.
I love that man.
I do two and five, maybe hello and us 50 minutes.
Oh please.
And why America, this ties right in with what we were just talking about.
Why America is slept by Gerald Posner, the failure to prevent 9 or 11.
In the end, the central question that remained was what did American intelligence and law enforcement know and what did they ignore?
What mistakes were made along the way on the ground by police FBI and CIA and Washington state capitals by policy makers,
while hunting for those answers, they were unexpected discoveries about some American allies and what they might have known and not told anyone before 9-11.
The result is a far more infuriating book than originally expected.
The failure to have prevented 9-11 was a systematic one.
It's not just that investigators failed to get lucky break early on, nor is it really even dependent on a series of blunders and immediate run-up to the attack.
The seeds for failure were sewn repeatedly in almost 20 years of public investigations and misplaced priorities.
After a while, the revelations of an aptitude presented in this book no longer cause surprise, but only anger.
Gerald Posner, former Wall Street lawyer and award-winning author of eight books on subjects ranging from Nazi work criminals to assassinations to the careers of politicians, a regular panelist on history channels, history center, he's also written for New York Times New Yorkers at 7-1.
Why America slept Gerald Posner?
Got it.
Got it.
5-6-7-0-5-6-0.
Let's not get too carried away now.
We don't want to do too much bush-bashing or those right wingers out there.
They'll start picking on us again.
Weep.
Yeah.
What are we going to do?
Let's see, how many votes we got on this turkey now?
218.
And so far it looks like a one-month deal, Celia Cruz.
Which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest?
I don't give a shmit about any of them.
49.5% now, 108.
Getting surly.
Celia Cruz 40.
Bob Hope 17.
Lenny Resta Renazi 8.
Dr. Bob Ackin 6 and either Kazan 6 and John Ritter 6.
Why would anybody say they were glad to see John Ritter die?
I don't know, they hated that show.
They never saw a sling blade.
I mean, I didn't like John Ritter, but did I want to see him die?
I mean, maybe he'd like a bad head ache or something, and not like die.
He was a good guy, says everyone.
There you go.
WQA, hello.
Nobody there, WQA, hello.
Nobody on two, either.
We're doing screenless now, and the phone doesn't sound too promising, does it?
No, that was a folk bizarre.
WQA, am.
I just called to get on here, I guess.
Yeah.
He said he'd just call to get on the air.
He got on the air.
Very good, sir.
You accomplished your goal, man.
Nice job. Well done.
Congratulations.
We'll say a goal start in a purple jelly bean.
WQA, am.
Oh, yep.
Have you seen hear me?
I hear you, you hear me?
Yeah.
Sounds like the makings for a great conversation.
Yeah, well, I have three questions.
Go right ahead.
Well, the first I want to know this thing about Britney Spears, I think it just makes a mockery of the whole idea of marriage,
which the President of the United States is defined as between a man and a woman.
So next a bit of a joke, when somebody goes out for a large gets married and knows the next day.
Yeah, the President of the United States is defined as between.
I didn't know he made the laws, did you?
He made the laws.
He made the laws.
Yeah, well, he said it's only a marriage between a man and a woman.
I don't have a problem with that.
It's just the fact that now all of a sudden, you're going to be able to get on the air.
Okay, well, you made the first one.
What's number two?
Let's move on.
Let's hop over Britney Spears.
I'm driving into Miami International Airport yesterday.
I go through traffic jam to get to police security.
I get through the police security like everybody else.
Right.
I go to park in short term parking and there is no short term parking.
So I'm re-rooted back out of the airport to the exit and what do I find another traffic jam of all the people that went to short term parking
who now have to make a new turn to come back through the police again.
Beautiful.
And now I go tell a police officer, I said, hey, listen, why don't you jump in your patrol car and do a little rock around like I've just done and appreciate the whole problem could be stopped by nearly putting a little cloth over the short term parking thing and do everybody through long term parking.
He says, well, that's a very good point.
I'll bring that up with, I'll bring that up with the airport as far as I said, oh, well, the road's going to belong to the police.
Then I go to see the parking people and they say to me, well, I'm sorry, but it's not our responsibility.
I said it's not your responsibility to take a piece of cloth and put it over the short term parking sign when there is no short term parking.
Well, I just think anybody gone to the airport today if they can cause the traffic jam, that's what they're going to find.
Okay, well, stay home, that's the best advice.
Okay, stay home and cut the diesel.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
He's got a good point, man.
They got it all like a jammed up and twisted around.
You can't get from point A to point B because it's security, baby.
And I thought we were supposed to be a hell of a lot of safety after they caught Sodom and that spider hole.
We were supposed to be so much safer and now all of a sudden they're hyperventilating about AirV God damn international flight and about AirV airport.
And now it's like code orange and purple and black and blue and it's like everybody's like on pins and needles now.
I told you it was a good idea to go in there and you wouldn't believe me.
Right.
Somebody QAAM, hello.
I'm not a lovely lady.
There's Neil.
Yeah.
There's a guy going to beat a lot of lovely lady.
Yeah, Jack on the beach.
Goring.
Terminal.
Go find Sandy on the road somewhere with Janet.
WQAM, hello.
What's up now?
WQAM, hello.
Oh, it's your target.
WQAM, hello.
I don't know how I'm gonna follow that Joe wheat.
But anyways, how about who day in who say?
I mean, I know they were really ruined celebrities, but you know.
Yeah, like I said, we just went through that 10 minutes ago.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You can do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You see, the list now is closed.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I know, right.
And so now they have nothing to say.
I read that article as if there was like some point to doing it.
And you see what the point was.
But I'm like that.
They could take a five hour special, put it from seven o'clock till midnight,
and run it every day for the next month, and talk about all the same things
that I just read that article by William Rivers Pitt, and the public would still be going,
move it, move it, move it, move it like that.
What time is the game on?
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
If you want to ask the Republicans or the Bush flickers about the Bush administration's record on terrorism,
ask them what he did before September 11.
I don't want to ask them anything.
Well, let me just tell you a couple things that he did do.
When Clinton tried to get Osama, he had two submarines in the United States,
and the first thing that he did was to get the American Ocean with...
They got it.
So Osama, ever showed his face, they would nail him with a missile.
They had a strike force in Pakistan, a special office that were going to go in there
and assassinate him when the order he showed his face.
And the first thing the Bush he did, because they were in such a hurry to be the unclinked,
what they canceled all those things.
They sent the predator back home.
They sent the two submarines away and they brought those troops back out of Pakistan.
So they were in such a hurry to show that they were not going to do anything that Clinton did,
that they scrapped everything that they were doing to prop up.
Well, you're also forgetting that bizarre connection between the Bush and the Midlod and families.
Don't let that ever slip out of your mind, sir.
I'm thinking of myself back when I played that, the audio from that CBC show, right?
That riveting path.
We still have the link.
By the way, Eric, I think we can get rid of that scruand thing with a Halloween hat.
I think it's about the sense it's January already.
We can get a Schmidt Kinnett conspiracy theories uncovering the facts behind the myths of 9,11,2001.
A fantastic documentary on CBC played the audio from it.
And man, we took it up the ass for those two months.
You see, this is the way it boils down to.
Is that if you're going to have the balls to give any kind of an opposing point of view to the Nazi boom that is running America today,
you're going to take it because if the right wingers get their hands on the diaries, they're going to stick it to you.
It's like a weapon.
So you always used to be that way with the ethnic groups.
With the ethics they play, it's like an election.
So here's my favorite.
And these are the people, you know, they speak of my language or whatever the hell it is.
But now it's the same thing with politics.
It's becoming more and more rabid.
And of course, the liberals, like I've told you a million times,
they don't know how to play the same game.
Unfortunately, they don't do it.
And you know what?
And it's not going to stop anybody on this show from reading articles like the William Rivers Pit or anything else.
How can it happen?
You want to play games with your diaries?
Go ahead.
If we get a two-year, if we get a one-year, I still get paid the same.
And George still makes the same peanuts.
Right.
And George still has to go out and beg on the street corner.
Then make any difference at this point.
But I mean, I played that twice on the year.
And you would have thought that, you know, everybody in their brother would have been foaming at the mouth about that.
Right.
Uh-uh.
Let's call C-SPAN.
Let's call up all the networks and have them come in.
And listen to the people of South Florida.
I'll tell you one thing.
Okay. You talk about a cultural wasteland.
There are a few people in South Florida that, you know, got an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
But not too many.
I would say.
But third man.
At best, I'm being generous.
So stick with a kaka.
Stick with a poo-poo.
All of that stuff.
And you'll be okay.
Then you'll be safe.
Kaka.
Poo-poo.
One-thirteen at five.
Sixty-by-the-way.
He'll be along it to the mad dog.
Not the hopper today though.
The hopper is still on the injured reserve list.
We got the booster at four with, I believe, arrow-independent.
Arrow still come in.
Probably gets paid for that.
Then we got the big at seven, which we apologize for.
Oh!
As he's a silly guy, you got Eddie K. at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight, two to five and
A.M.
And then, of course, after that, it's pretty sad.
Absolutely.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
Zero closing costs.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit bureau fee.
Zero discounted points.
Get the new low interest rate at just 1.25%.
A 100,000 dollar loan.
Your payments are only $334 a month.
If you have a 200,000 dollar loan.
Your payments are a mere $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you're be financing it, a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call 1-800-940-LIN.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
And then move to your next property without further cost or expense.
Zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fee.
Zero closing cost.
Even when you move to another property.
Get that new low financing rate at just 1.25%.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
Don't forget, that's 1-800-940-LIN for details.
Never pay closing costs again.
Financial group at 1-800-940-LEND.
The Reneku housing lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly.
4.21 APR.
Fly in local.
We are Sports Video 560-CUA-UAM.
I fake four-play.
Good morning.
This is former vice president and an incredibly inner-large algorithm.
I'm here to set the record straight of a mind-dorthmet of Democratic presidential candidate,
Jane Steen.
It's Howard.
Bob-Bob-Oey.
Ooy.
It's her dean, who's the amazing orator.
And word smoth.
Not to mention, he makes a fine sausage.
That's not him.
A former governor for Mont.
And one of the prestigious Michael Firup-Gustling Contest.
Never happened.
Apparently, I have ruffled some feathers in the Democratic Party.
Specifically, with my former running mate, Hal Lieberman.
It's Joe Lieberman.
If there's one man in the Donkey Party that's even more whining and monotone than me,
it's Jim Lieberman.
Joe Lieberman.
When I pulled this endorsement from my secret lock box, I did so after much consideration, thought, and a game of rock paper scissor.
If Mr. Lieberman's gone, Lieberman is hurt that I am sorry.
But Joe, Joe, Landenberg.
Lieberman must realize I'm a sharp political mind whose choices to shape our nation's leaders are important.
You've lost me.
In conclusion, let me say this to Mr. Lono-Witz.
Lieberman.
And Mr. Bean.
Game.
I love you both, like a gay man would, but without the rumpular invasion.
I think we're done here.
Al Gore's views are as over in the North affiliation of the Democratic National Committee to elect the president.
Welcome!
119 at 560 WQ.
I'm Bill Bradley endorsed Howard Deen this morning, just in case you were sleeping.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you take Bill Bradley and Al Gore, put the two of them together.
You have the personality of a rock.
Very sad.
Doesn't mean their bad guy is no personality, none.
Zero.
5607 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And teenagers in the US have higher rates of obesity than those in 14 other industrialized countries, including France and Germany, in a study of nearly 30,000 youngsters ages 13 and 15.
Among American 15, you see the solution for this now, what they're doing?
No, what are they doing?
They want to get soft drink machines out of the public school.
Oh, yeah, replace them with juice.
Yeah, replace them with good things like high sea and fruit juice.
Yeah, which is, you know what that's like, that's like taking pure sugar water and injecting it into your veins.
In addition to which there isn't anybody in any school anywhere who's fat because they're drinking water to sodas a day.
I mean, granted, the sugar ain't good for you, but that's not what's making people fat.
That ain't where it's at.
It's so sad, so pathetic.
And guess what?
What?
Guess where, what country had the lowest obesity rate in the study? Lithuania.
Okay.
And you want to know why?
Please, I'm sorry.
Because they have fewer fast food restaurants and the teens have less money to buy snacks and fast food and crap.
That's why they don't have crap on every corner waiting for you to come and buy it with big, flashy sign.
That's why you have more and more people bulking up.
I have a bad account.
I'm going to go on a...
Oh, and I've got to tell you this.
Yeah.
Speaking of fat, speaking of Dr. Atkins who's singing a different tune nowadays,
do you know why he's singing a different tune?
I give up.
They actually I saw an ad for Subway on TV yesterday. Have you seen that?
Which one are you talking about?
The one where they have Atkins items.
No, I have not.
They have Atkins wraps and they have the Atkins trademark on there on a commercial.
You haven't seen it.
Nope.
You're going to poop your pants when you see that, especially if you eat too many of the Atkins bars.
But seriously, I was shocked.
How many years have I been talking about the Atkins die?
And in the meantime, all these assholes like this Dr. Gupta who's on CNN right now,
he's a real asshole to the skies.
He's another one who talks about Rick and Fruit Joe's and how much better it is.
It's people like him that are helping to kill your kids with pure refined sugar
who don't know the difference between refined carbohydrates
and like natural carbohydrates that are unrefined and then are going to kill you
and stick your ass in the ground and cause diabetes and all these other things.
Asshole. He really is.
Of course he's uncertainly not news so why not?
Oh, there's a sky miles of bride again. He's on Mars.
You see that?
He's on a red planet like Kermit.
Don't say the red planet here because a certain part of our audience is going to think
they're all a bunch of communists of course.
Wouldn't that be something?
But a lot of them.
There were a whole bunch of communists running around up there.
King Singer Ray Davies wounded.
You think anybody in this audience?
What percentage of this audience to think of members of the kinks and Lola?
About 30.
They remember from dance and early on TV days.
The king singer Ray Davies is recovering after being shot in the thigh while on holiday in New Orleans.
The singer songwriter 59 was wounded someday after trying to run after two men who allegedly stole his female companions.
Perced at gunpoint.
He was admitted to the medical center of Louisiana but his injuries were not considered serious.
He's okay.
He was walking east of the French quarter with a female friend.
Two men walked up.
They apparently took the female friends.
Perced, he chased them.
Not a good idea.
Not a good idea, Ray.
One of those persons turned and shot him in the leg and they've arrested one person.
And of course if you see somebody who used to be in a, you know,
some burnout who used to be in a famous rock band years ago and you steal their girlfriends.
Perced, you turn around and shoot them in the leg.
Exactly.
Everybody knows that.
That's the American F and away.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T Infraurizing Wireless Line.
I got another great article I might actually read.
The piss off those right wing assholes.
Separating the church from the state.
James Goldsboro from the San Diego Union Tribune.
Also on our website but I'm just reading.
WQAM line one is working.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
I'm a doctor and I don't think so.
Doctor, you're a Jones, I presume, huh?
He's a doctor.
Reverend Jones again.
Was that the first time today?
Far as I know.
Oh.
You're right.
He needs to be, we could use, you know, one of us could do sole dead and the other one could do him with a baseball bat.
I'd borrow it from you.
Accidental.
I have a...
WQAM, hello.
Happy New Year, Nelson.
Thank you.
You know what?
They shot Ray Davies.
I wasn't a girl he was with.
Yeah.
Nice drill.
Was laying on him.
Hey, one person that's omitted from your list there the other day, Rosie O'Donnell.
No, it was not omitted for us.
She was on her.
And how about Robert Blake?
Yeah, okay.
5.6 had another doing yesterdays list.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60.
On the AT&T.
That's all they can do.
I'm telling you.
What I tell you about two years ago, I told you that?
That's what they call an audience is degenerated.
You got the sports nerds who never run out of material because it's the same 5 or 10 questions.
You know about, you know, just Jay really sucked that bad.
And are they actually bringing this asshole to be the new general manager?
And is the ones that really ever going to get fired or not?
Are they going to...
All the same stuff.
Over and over and over again.
So there's an endless supply of that crap.
And never ends.
And with us, I came from the last time we ever had a period of time when thoughtful people called in.
And I'm talking about a whole bunch of...
And then anything to say, that's why there's no more talk radio baby.
It's gone.
It's history.
All your simple things out there think, oh, we're going to bring on liberal talk radio.
And we're going to really...
Right.
Sure you are.
Oh, you're not.
Like I said yesterday, the ditto heads, the limboites, those people, it's a religion of them.
No matter what he says, if he tells them to go to the edge of a cliff and pull down their pants and fart for two hours, you could smell it.
Miles away.
That's right.
But other than that, forget about it.
Proof in the pudding is the famous Bill O'Reilly.
You know what his radio ratings are in the South Florida market?
Big O.
Never showed up.
Never made a show in what has it been like two years now he's been on?
Something like that.
Never showed anything.
Now he's not even like a blip on a rickshaw scale.
Doesn't even exist.
Oh, line nine's ringing again.
Should we put him on?
Sure would.
Come in to QA and hello.
Aneel.
Yes sir.
I've thrown from your list that you left off today.
Yeah.
Mr. Rennery.
Was that, that was 2003?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, as much as we miss him badly, I don't think it's in the same categories that people have.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely put him on.
Absolutely.
Yeah, but yeah, they're not putting him on there now.
Not on this list about it being the happiest?
No, about the biggest celebrity in 2003.
Yeah, but the question is now which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest?
Oh, no, no, no, not that.
No, we're not doing that.
We're not doing that.
But you're right.
Thanks for the bad memories, sir.
Thanks for bringing up the bad memories.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T for Rise and Wildlife.
See what I'm saying is all they can talk about is the freaking pool.
I think what we ought to try this year, I know this sounds dangerous.
I know what you're thinking and I like it.
Do you?
Yes, I do.
Do a week with no poles.
A week.
I was hoping a month.
Do it a day with no pool.
Like Bonnie Franklin said one day at a time, what would they do?
She's still alive.
Damn it.
I don't, I don't just like Bonnie Franklin.
That was just a horrible show.
Was that the one with Pat Harrington?
Yes.
Oh, God.
And Pat Harrington used to be really great on the old Steve Allen show, but you don't like Steve Allen.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQA M.
Hey, let me tell you right now if your macris is worn out, lumpy and bumpy, your back will feel it.
You'll feel like crap.
There is nothing that can improve your daily health, well-being and productivity.
Then a great night's sleep on an Ambran macris from our good friends at Dalmatris.
So resolve to get yourself a better night's sleep all through 2004 and for years to come by making that one easy call that we all do at QA, including yours truly, call 1-800-MACRIS.
Dalmatris is proud to have had it strenson, but Anna's foster, they're already strong championship lineup.
Steerings and foster is the finest macris made in America and you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by making that call rat now 1-800-MACRIS.
And of course Dalmatris also carries the complete line of Celi, Serta, Simmons, King Corlan, Temporpedeq.
Choose from dozens of models at low everyday discount prices and only Dalmatris, they're the only people in the universe who do this.
They'll let you choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule seven days a week from 80-10 pm when you're going to be home when you want them to show up and they do.
With low prices, same day delivery free set of hadn't removed, it makes it easy to see by Dalmatris' rank the best in the world and customer satisfaction.
So do the smart thing like Frado, be smart, call 1-800-MACRIS 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out online at macris.com.
My, my and local, this is Sports Radio 560, you weigh a few a.m.
Tomu Yanaki.
It's a beautiful day in the night for hood, the day for some strange behavior, don't you dare mind.
I'm out of my mind.
It's a beautiful day in this beauty wood, the beautiful day to show up like you remind.
And lift your behind.
It's so nice to have a neighbor just like you.
I've always wanted to do a little kid like you so don't try to get up and just run away.
Just stay a while so we can both fly.
I'm like you're behind.
One nice behind but don't you be a traitor.
Oh, don't please, please don't be.
Don't tell mom and dad you tried her.
My television neighbor.
I'm glad we're together again.
131 at 560 WQM.
We'll be together we're getting a big ding dong school in the sky one of these days.
I guarantee you just look at them down right now.
Right.
Right down some little kids pants.
P&W.
It's celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest.
I don't think the audience likes Dean's idea here.
I thought it was going to be really good and you did too but I don't know.
What do we know?
282 votes.
Obviously not too much.
No, I think the first one I think we should let it keep going but we didn't.
I don't give a shmit about any of 145.
51.4%.
Celia Cruz, she is off to the races baby.
I'm going to ask Juan Celia.
Azucar.
Azucar.
She is sweet.
50 votes for Celia.
I was speaking of Azucar before I get the rest of the pool.
So now the new deal is every few months either the milk lobby or the sugar lobby or now it's
the coffee people.
You see the story about how if you drink six cups or more of coffee they actually can be
good for you and it helps to a risk type 2 diabetes.
Okay.
No, I didn't see that.
Oh yeah, that's the new deal.
In fact CNN is plugging that regular now.
I'll stick to my two.
Thank you.
Six of the fact if you drink 50 cups a day you'll never go to sleep again but then you'll
be a little bit on the hopped upside but man oh man you'll be so god damn healthy it'll
be disgusting.
Yeah.
So spend your whole all your spare time at Starbucks and Tim Hortons and coffee time.
Anyway, Celia Cruz has got the 51.
They do the same thing with chocolate.
Oh yeah, dark chocolate is good for you.
Right.
Sure it is.
I love dark chocolate.
Well it's got certain thing and they make up words that I don't think even exist.
It's got certain ingredients and it's like when they're fantastic.
It reminds me of that talk about the chatter.
You know there's a reduced amount of chatter now?
No I did not.
Well let's do a little bit of.
Yeah, I don't kind of say that.
It just makes me want to pee my pants.
Well there's increased amount of chatter going on.
Crap.
Celia Cruz 51, Bob Holt 22, Lenny Reeves' stall 8.
She said that she never she never misses a Rumsfeld movie.
Iñacuzzian 7, Dr. Bob Atkins 6, shame on you people, poor Dr. Bob.
John Ritter 6, Rod Roddy 5, Robert Stack 4, Fred Rogers 4, Morris Gim 4, Horst Buckholz
2, Gregory Hines has got a pair.
Johnny Cash 2.
David Hennings 2.
We almost had what's his name to put on there?
Roar.
He's still hanging on.
He's still hanging on.
One vote for Gertrude Edelay, Catherine Hepburn, David Bloom.
Oh, now that is so bad.
That is so freaking bad.
Can you believe that?
Who would do such a thing?
I wish we wouldn't have even put him on that list.
We should have taken him off of that.
One vote for David Bloom, who's the happiest to see him die.
I'm not going to read the rest of them.
It's a bad idea, Dean.
Stick to whatever you do on the side, Dean, and let us stick with our polls.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So what about it?
You think we ought to do it there too or a week or two or a month without a poll?
You have to be out of your mind.
You have to be a crazy person.
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you try what I'm on vacation?
Okay.
Not.
Whatever you want.
I never tell you what to do when I'm not there.
Do whatever you want.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
I don't want to go on vacation.
Because of the fact that she had a very cute nowhere,
she always had a veryinhas-like theaters.
But over time, she always had a very couch-like theater.
But over time, she always had a very nice-life theater.
And every場 where I look at the sheriff,
I'm not good at taking that job.
She always had a very Nigerian temper.
She always had a very Ern lunch box,
That's really oh how can you say that deal she so important to us well, maybe that maybe that should tell you something okay
So as Maris Grisias that was a whole big deal too, right?
Remember that everybody got sucked in including the young people see I was thinking this before and I'm gonna say it out loud
Okay, with all due respect and my friend bill whatever is now
Out loud what was it? I don't know whatever his name was I'm whammy. Tash
Oh, yeah, sure
And that is that during Vietnam the people who really
Aside from people like Joan Baez and Hanhoy Jane and all those people in show business
But the people the grassroots people that really put the spotlight on the butchery and the insanity of us being there
We're the young people on the college campuses right the young people today
You look at the young male in the polls the young males are the most right wing of all
Yeah
They're brainwashed baby. That's all they like is that macho thing? We're gonna go get them the brainwashed into this whole insanity
And so where's the outrage? I mean it's become very commonplace now used to be only me
There wasn't anybody on here anywhere talked about the fact at least not as blatantly the election being stolen in 2000
Now it's it's commonplace
Every time you turn on any panel discussion they're talking about the fact the Republican stole the election and stole Florida in 2000
They didn't broad daylight, but there's no outrage in America anymore
You can do whatever you want get away with it because the public doesn't give a flying crap
And it's amazing. It's astonishing. I
Mean it's one thing if you do it like a subversively under cover behind the scenes like the Kennedys did in 1960
That's one thing all the dead people have voted in Chicago
But it's another thing when you do it right out there and broad daylight when they suit when you have to call a supreme court
Your buddies and call in your chips with all those right wingers on a supreme court and ran a freaking rank waste
To stop the count because God only knows it's starting to look bad. It's starting to slip away. That's only we build up
And the public is like that just sit back at her set that and I said whatever
So why shouldn't surprise anybody that these people come out and they lie and they lie and the weapons of mass destruction
And he was involved with Osama and Al-Qaeda and Yadi Yadi Yadi and all this other crap
And here's the son of a bitch standing there right now and on our website
We still got the picture of the standing there shaking hands with Sodom in 1983
The quality of life. Yeah, quality of our life is going in the crapper thanks to you. You not too bastard
And the public just goes move like that no matter what no matter what they do
Out great difference. Yeah, that's what it is
And a halibut and stuff and a becktell stuff and it just goes on and on and on and Richard Pearl and all of his
A phony baloney interested all the money that he's making
By sacrificing human life and the public just doesn't give a flying crap. They're busy watching too many reality
Sure right
All the dead people over there. That's a reality out some stupid jackass that that will excuse me
142 I don't watch MTV they don't play any music
18 to two demand dogged two o'clock to get to the important stuff sports
It is this sound like you underpain overworked like our program director and operations manager
Maybe like a new high-paying career, but don't have four years to waste on college if this sounds like you
Fast train as your solution pick up the phone and call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train
They can have you train and certified for high-paying computer network professional career or high-paying medical
Computer specialist green is littlest four months just four easy months out of your lifetime
That's right. You can be fully trained and ready for new career in as the list four months
Think about it in just four short months like I said 45 times
You can be on your way to a new high-paying career whether you're working full-time or part-time fast train offers you
Convenient day evening and weekend classes they offer job placement assistance and financially to people to qualify as well
And because fast trains got locations all over town in Miami
Kendall for Lauderdale and Jerry after September of pines chances are there's bound to be a fast train close by you
Convenient to where you live so pick up that phone today and change your life get out of your dead-end job and start making some real cash
Call fast train at 1 866 fast train and check them out on the web too if you like it fast train.com
That's 1 866 fast train be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call
couple
Cause I know I'm a big fan of be da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
One forty seven and five sixty WQM we got the mad dog coming along it to the booster for the a humper at four o'clock this afternoon after that it's time to put the radio in the old freezer for a couple hours. Look in the cooler as they let it cool out. Five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon sir. Happy New Year. And back to you.
Yeah. A couple of your list. Strong Thurmond Johnny Cash and George. John. Johnny Cash. Johnny Cash and George Plinton. How come Johnny Cash is not our list anymore? He's on there. He's on there. And so is George Plinton about strong Thurmond. Strong Thurmond, I think we got on there. Did we did. We decided that he was on celebrity. Oh, that's right. He's not a celebrity. Okay.
He's a celebrity daddy. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. You got a bad echo there. That echo drives me crazy. I feel like I'm doing a man show and a in a tunnel in a spider hole. Five six seven O five sixty. How about that story I had yesterday about that whole old Samadil. I mean, saw him to be it was cooked up ahead of time. Yeah. Nobody cares. Don't confuse the American public with the truth because it makes things too complicated. We want a way to do what you're doing. You know, I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. You know what I'm going to do. I'm not going to shut up. I'm going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up. I'm not going to shut up
the flag we believe whatever you tell us we believe it baby we believe
feed us any kind of crap man your dark crap light crap diarrhea whatever we
believe we believe we'll eat it up man at the trough whatever you got how
much you got well-eated that's right feed us feed us oh don't stop with the
feed us people WQA and hello yes sir yeah Neil yes I am I speak with Neil
speaking Neil I was watching MSNBC last night I had you know what I can
son there right and they asked him what he thought about Bush and he says well
I tell you he's always talking about comparing himself with my father my father
was a man and this guy is a wimp the way he said his guys but this man is a wimp
really he was that was this Ron Reagan Jr. the
bad guy's oh he called the president a wimp yeah he told him up that's a shot yeah
that would be like call in calling from the other side called a pen and he said
he says I've been with smart when he when he gets him at the debate he'll go
out of his throat because he don't like people jumping on he gets job really
annoyed I don't mind people jumping on me it all depends on what they look like
5 6 7 0 5 60 I don't know they Brittany don't mind it either George so the
line starts right there's hope I mean that just it's just nauseating to me this
guy and again the picture is very flattering there some people are photogenic
and then you see him in person you think Jesus that's the person from the
picture see as long as he's begging people uglier than me there's always hope
well first of all we don't know if it was consummated in that article if it was
maybe was consummate right my favorite soup maybe he just poured some
consummate all over her ass and the wedding picture which is not here in the
sun the wedding picture she had like almost nothing on I don't want to say that
she was a little bit like that would just be the wrong thing to say we had a
series of articles about those from the Tamboids over the last see I forget I
read so much of that crap have we had a series of those yeah forget I spoke so
much of that she was booze enough you must begin the stuff that norm gets what
does he get crap let's see it says maybe they're the main reason the youth
of they are now I'll raise it the very good point that's good point excellent
best facts we've had in the long time main reason the youth of the day not
outraged because there's no draft like there was back during Vietnam it's all
like a movie or video game that's right it's all like by remote control it's all
way a thousand miles away way off there in the distance doesn't affect their
life and did I say that here a couple of months ago if we had the draft back
then you'd see a whole different reaction baby which is why Charlie Rangel and
some of the other Democrats were saying well you know what since all you fat
cats out there your kids are gonna be shipped off the diner rack let's bring
back the draft and throw them in the open lottery there and see how you like it
then much of phony bastard you know one thing about Dean he was on heartball
here a while back with Chris Matthews and Chris Matthews asked him about the
other back thing and the deferment from and he asked him flat out he said well
when you were going for your exam that they were you hoping to avoid the draft
and that Dean his first hand he says well I wasn't looking forward to going to
Vietnam and of course you know Chris Matthews he keeps pressing and putting he
said were you hoping to avoid the draft and not go to be at him he said yes and
man he got no vision for that now seriously yeah because when the push came
to shove he gave the honest answer yeah he was he was willing to go out and be a
human sacrifice huh he keeps getting trouble for doing that well at least by the
other Democrats and that's right because like I said before the public doesn't
like the truth they like the bullshit man they love it with ketchup with
relish they they slap it up with relish and a little Pabasco sauce ain't bad
either on it that's what Peter Clayton said 152 at 560 WQAM and Tony Curtis hey
this what does it say the New Year is here oh gee I scared a hell out of me well
you never know when you look at these new pieces of copy you know it's like I'm
surprised it doesn't say hey happy sookas you know but anyway the New Year is
here and a lot of people are going on diets right now try to live up to the
New Year's resolution the place to start is the lights of West Bokeh your low
carb superstar whether on the Atkins the sugarbusters the South Beach
died God forbid or any low carb sugar free diet join the thousand South
librarians who made the lights of West Bokeh the number one low carb store in
the entire USA and for good reason because they've got over a thousand low
car products you can choose from including breads and bagels cookies and
crackers chips and valleys chocolates ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheese
cakes and lots more they offer you the one-a-selection they're open every day
seven days a week from 10 to 10 and you can always try anything in the store
before you buy it they got a friendly knowledgeable staff who knows dieting
inside and out and they carry the most complete line of Atkins grads products
that run sale all day every day even Dr. Bob is saying a different tune about it
now you know the low carb diets rated number one so head for the number one low
carb sugar free store anywhere the lights of West Bokeh on the northeast corner
of Glades in 441 next to Boston Market safely far away from Moeshouse in
Bokeh or column tool free at 1 877 low carb that's L.O.W.C.A.R.B.
around the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com there's only one
delight to West Bokeh and your official Atkins retail center
life and local this is 560
the radio is on your
view and
Howard David's the bitch you asshole
oh Canada a land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers and now
these legendary conucks pay tribute to one another on this new CD the best of
Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Ann Murray's version of this
rush classic and Russia's take on this Ann Murray standard
the best of Canadian singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from
Zedu a white Celine Dion's rendition of this Neil Young number oh man look at my
life you're a lot like my old son Ranaan Neil Young singing Celine Dion's
biggest hit
but it's not all there's Janaya Twain singing Bryant Adams crash test dummies
doing a lot of small set snow wrapping the guess who and Gordon Whitefoot
performing this bear naked lady smash hit
you look at me
I am angry
pick up your copy of the best Canadian singing other Canadians the great white
North has never been so great over that matter so white
157 at 560 WQAM abuse scandal dogs U.S. Catholics
all right U.S. Catholic bishops today claim progress against sex abuse but
word of 800 new molestation lawsuits in California indicated the church has
yet to be putting the two-year scandal in its behind according to a church
ought to release today nearly all the nation's Roman Catholic bishops are
carrying out a new mandatory policy the adoption to prevent sex abuse by
priests the review found 90% of 195 U.S. diocese were fully
complying with a plan among those considered out of compliance are the arts
diocese of New York
Anchorage Alaska and Omaha Nebraska
to pay the largest elements allowed to date the Boston diocese is a
song it's official residence to help raise eighty five million dollars that's
agreed to pay the victims and even larger settlement is possible in California
were about 800 people across the state who can manage a eight-truv month window
that ended
the summer 31 to foul molestation lawsuits against the
Roman Catholic Church what a disgrace there's another deal man and a lot of
suckers keep going every Sunday they put the money in a plate and they just keep
subsidizing the biggest corrupt institution on the face of the globe
like I told you before the show today if you want to believe in fairy tales if
you want all your religious crap
great kill each other over leave all the rest of us out of it okay just leave
the rest of us alone please we're begging will pay all
you can do whatever you want if you want to have a religious a holy war a
g-hide great kill each other until you can't kill no more but leave all the
rest of us out of it
we're not participating we're laying out
the religious nuts excuse my redundants okay here you go which celebrity death
of 2003 made you the happiest sorry Dean I was with George and I both thought
this was a great idea the audience and lukewarm 242 and a reason I say lukewarm
is and maybe it's a good thing there's only like a couple of people three that
they were happy to see died in 2003 I don't give a shmit about any 177
nearly 52% cd a crew 62 bye bye cd a Bob Hope 26 and Lenny rea
a recent whatever her name was 12 who's making movies now for Don Rumsfeld
bye bye bye
you watch your show on 5 6
he's on you QA and by any for learning
I am cd a blues and I am dead now
oh
