I'm a rocker!
And now another audio selection from the Clinton memoirs.
Sex, sex, sex, sex, diplomacy, sex, sex,
Big Mac, sex, sex, sex,
Monica, what was I thinking?
Sex, sex, sex,
Big Mac, sex, sex, sex,
International House of Pancakes, um, Hillary.
Whoa, how did that get in there?
The Clinton memoirs, that bookstores this summer.
10-01, I, I gotta be honest with you,
I don't care, it's coming out tomorrow,
the book will be in the stores,
I don't, I'm just not into a bubble right now.
Like I'm a lot, I love them,
but I didn't want 60 minutes last night,
I just don't care.
Mixed reviews on it.
Oh, we're skating review for the New York Times,
I said it was, basically a piece of crap.
I'm so obsessed with this,
what that sound, I just might play that until two o'clock.
Over and over and over again.
I'm obsessed with it.
It's one of my favorite.
Maybe we'll like alternate between...
Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone, Drone.
And with an occasional one of the Last Tronans,
finally, Kelly, man, get an ego check sweetheart,
get an ego check, but that little squeaky voice, twerp,
Kelly, man, oh, man, after all of the research,
we've done, we finally figured out he is the Chigarine Woodpile.
You know that?
What, we did research?
Yeah.
I, I did my own research.
Oh, don't, let me forget to tell the story
about my bursting in that boil that you were in.
my back I got a good jar of strawberry yogurt that I want to
highlight on my operation of my operation was my vacation.
No seriously I did a little self-operation here I have a boil on my back
that I've had for years and I've a burst it at different times and it would
go away and it came back and it's been
bugging me so I did like a whole self-operation and a great job by Dr. Rogers
if I say so myself what a what a pain in the ass.
Well if you imagine if you have one of those on the ass that would be really bad.
I've heard tales. I'll bet bad news to get started we'll get it out of the way we
don't want to have a whole lot and this Friday it's going to be out in spite of
those right wingers who try to ban it. Fair and high 9.11 and spite of
Ray Bradbury everybody else movie will be out in a theater near you this
Friday can't wait and this baloney that well only the people
already are a heat busher the ones that are going to go see that I don't believe
that. No I think a lot of people are kind of like on the fence who would like
like to see a little bit of the truth and yet he did do the one bad thing where
he ran up to that one congressman to come to find out the congressman has got
two nephews or whatever who are in Afghanistan who are in the military right now
and he didn't point that out so that was that was Michael Moore's bad but nobody's perfect
and I give him like about 98% here's the bad news four marines were killed at a
west of Baghdad US official said footage from the scene
in the city of Ramadi showed the bloody bodies of the force sprawled on the ground
the uniforms apparently were moved and surrounded by scattered equipment and belongings
but I thought everything was just fine oh we're fine but the public seems to think now
because they got a rest from all the bad news and the horrible realities and then of course
we had that little bit of a problem with Paul Johnson little be heading
I looked at those pictures and I just I don't know there's something that leaves me
and maybe I'm the only one leaves me limp a little uh a little suspicious of those pictures
I'm not going to say they didn't chop his head off and now they're threatening to do the same
Korean hostages as well right but uh there's just if you look at the pictures they don't look real
again there's a tremendous lack of blood there's a little bit of blood and the expression on his
face doesn't appear to me uh the expression that you'd expect to be on somebody's face when
somebody saw their head off you know right well maybe they uh shaped it back in place
I don't think so we you haven't looked at it no I haven't no thank you we'll take a peek at it
no it's it's not really all that gory because like I said there's not all that much blood and there's
there are three different pictures one where the head is kind of like sitting on a body kind of like
on his and then don't be doing that thing about put your head on my shoulder we're not playing
Paul Ancoe okay that would be very bad you're such a heartless bastard now I got bad news though
because I am back for a few days before the summer schedule starts those people who appreciate
the great job that George did last week I did I heard about three minutes it was on Friday when
suds was on in fact I didn't hear you say anything because the only time I was in here when the show
was on do a little bit of I was actually looking something up about my operation on the internet
and was on Friday and it was suds was on right and I listened to that and finally donned on me the
real reason that Rick and suds are on the year anymore and that was Rick yeah you laugh all you
want but that's a truth and you know it why don't you make today the day that you finally spit it
out okay say it right on the year I'm uh Rick Rally sucked okay suds is great everybody nobody
doesn't like sud nobody nobody he's great everybody likes him he's fun he's got an unbelievable
sense of humor he's just a fun kind of guy nothing wrong with an adric is just uh see something that
rhymes with Rick but we can't say it on the year there's a letter missing there in the beginning
that precedes it brick brick he's a real brick of a guy yeah something sounds like brick
and that that was the problem that sure which is why they're not on the year anymore is because
of Rick and then of course fair value was minus 2.75 yeah once he started when I'd stock market
that was the end of them man anyway amber smith is on our behind-to-beated curtain today if you
got a lot of courage i'm not that big on amber smith but nevertheless there she is oh she's oh I
don't know yeah she's naked take a look at that puna man she looks a little like dr. judy dean when
you come right down to it they're gonna nasty face they're better face pictures of her but not as
they well i got news for either one on the bio that i printed out here is not a better one it's a
worse one if you saw this you know just how i'm saying but nevertheless it's a naked picture in
most of your horny desperate guys you know what you know what this reminds me of yesterday i don't
know what made me think about it i guess there was some blurb on there about the parasilton and i
was thinking of the day the guy called i'm doing the show in it uh as if i'm not even here oh
George have you seen that if you've seen the parasilton video yet as if this is guy talk see real
heterosexual guys uh have you seen him like why would any anybody with vision even the late
ray charleson why would anybody with vision want to see parasilton with her without clothes on right
i want you want to see the parasilton video no i i don't get that but again just because it's there
see there and to me that just it stinks it reeks just like that boy that i burst on my back it smells
so bad rancid like the end of the world of desperation to me anyway originally from
camp of florida amber smith and for some strange reason that i couldn't find a bio with her real
birthday is there some special reason for that is there a big secret she's lying huh maybe she's
lying she began a model professionally at the age of 16 she flew to Paris to work complete
uh compete learn the trade hopefully serve out the weeding out process inherent in modeling
she was quoted for saying in europe it was thinker thwim i was broke lonely unable to communicate
and rejected on a daily basis well a lot of us can relate to that the breakthrough came she decided
to dye her blonde hair red in order to capitalize on her resemblance to read a hayworth her career
skyrocketed she appeared in back to back issues of the sports illustrated swimmer edition she was
told this esquires first varga score of the 90s and launched the first wonder bra campaign
she received recognition with numerous covers and appearances in max el vogue and many others
the editorial coverage lead to advertising for loriel cosmetics buffalo jeans and panamag jack
she's thrilled on the catwalks from any designers from chanel to jambal gochi etc and so on
but this goes on forever and ever and ever so there she is take a look at it and and we that's all
i can say but a few things she's great that's fine i noticed jordan saved the britney pictures for
himself last week and uh you'll notice the show what goes around comes around they went on the day i
what is happening saving another way that that one you had on a week ago today that was enough
to make a grown fag and anybody else weak i i wanted to cry we got ways to work it off of her
yeah i bet you do i she looked like rosio donald with a severed head
i'm telling you right now she looked like one of those carnival stunts where she stuck her head
on rosy's body man you talk about sedulite man oh man she looked like a beefy pork
up bitches what she looked like to me nasty even scruand winnick though looked at bad next the
ultimate uh... by the way scruand we finally after all the oj bashing of the last week and
deservedly so i finally figured out a way that oj can redeem himself we're gonna go out and buy him a
gold plated machete and you know just like all these beheadings that are going on now which i
don't make me to make light of them but what are you gonna do we're gonna sit and cry and ask
you i mean you're dealing with barbarians with crazy people and the whole world is crazy that's
all i can tell you but we're gonna have oj come into the studio and we're going to tape it
maybe we can get channel tend to carry alive and do i love it ill can do a blow by blow
and we're gonna have oj slit uh luanne's neck right on the ear don't cut wouldn't that be great
i would i'd pay admission i'd pay five grand to see that do do do do do do do come on oj
kiss and make up you can make all things as much as we despise you and hate you like poison and believe
me we do that would redeem you could redeem yourself and speak it over oj guess who had a panel
over the weekend, one of his panels. He had Denise Brown on there, he had Fred Goldman.
He had, I don't know, a couple of, oh, he had the Acops, what that was, the Van Adder,
Phillip Van Adder, and Tom, what was the guy's name?
Little mustache.
Well, whatever the hell they had, it was word.
It all hit.
Yeah, Tom Hitler.
And they were just ripping OJ up for an entire hour, and I couldn't turn it off because
I loved every second of it, it was great.
But speaking of our good close friend Larry, so what they did, the story come out, I guess
was a few days ago.
You got it there.
About him wearing those depends.
I've been doing this a long time.
That's what it sounds like.
I come, there's no date on this thing.
An embarrassing photo of Larry King's garbage has been pulled from an art exhibit because
it shows a box of depends and dealt diapers among the detoratives.
Uh-huh.
Thursday.
While I'm only the refuse, the diapers in these 70 year old CNN talk masters trashed
Tom's wagon Tuesday night at a forced art eatery, label Bernard Dan, where French photographers
is Pascal Roestan and Bruno Moran.
For a preview, there are exhibits star-tracks for which they shot the rubbish collected
from the curbs of King, Jack Nicholson, Tom Hanks, Cindy Crawford, Arnold Schwarzenegger,
Madonna, Tom Cruise, John Pervolt, and Melody Griffith, other boldface names.
Ross Dane, who removed the King photo from his show yesterday, told Page Six of the New
York Post that the inclusion of the depends box image was not an attempt to embarrass
the Beispectral broadcaster.
He said, we didn't know this product was for old people.
We thought it was for babies.
Well, they're French.
Oh, God.
So Larry is wearing the pants.
Well, it happens to the best of us eventually sooner or later, I guess, right?
Raccoon.
So when Larry tells you it's in the bag, you can take a breath of, you know, a sigh.
Oh, we're fine.
You think it'll be okay.
Also, I love this story.
Oh, and don't tell me that now that the old fat fag is back on, he's going to be reading
all those stories again.
We had a nice reprieve.
You see, this is good.
It was a good buildup.
The timing of this whole deal was excellent because that's a good prelude to my summer vacation
because now that people who appreciate you tremendously, you know, and I was thinking
to that also, I remember those early days people say to me, oh, you must be a crazy person
putting George on the air, pretending George can do the show.
And now George, I think he's left me standing in the debtor's.
What are you doing to me?
Why?
No, I'm serious.
They don't want to hear me sitting here reading this stuff.
They have no interest in it.
We just sit back and think of the people that called you last week and you just gave
me before the show today, a little blow by blow as some of the great calls you had.
And that's the other thing he used to tell me.
Oh, when George is on, he gets those great intellectual cars.
Yeah.
Yeah, he told me that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right.
So you'll have a whole summer, July and August, man, every day except Tuesday and Thursday,
when I'll just make a cameo appearance so that, you know, just if I get in that paycheck.
By the way, this Friday's payday clearance.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Yeah, I'm assuming clearance is there.
I don't know if you know for sure.
He's running around trying to find some copy for you.
Trying to find some copy for me.
For what?
What are you talking about?
I'm kidding.
You know, that's fine.
Yeah.
We're not going to talk about Todd Drek on here.
Again, he's your good buddy now.
He's getting off the stuff with these, well, he's a bonus account.
He's got you doing more power to you.
I wouldn't do that spot.
The one you're going to do if they paid me 100 bucks a spot.
If they paid me 500 bucks a spot.
That's how much I despise those people.
But nevertheless, see, one thing I cannot stand is jock sniffers.
They make me the only thing even worse than that.
I come in here this morning after my vacation.
I open up the pot solution and there's Geltie talking about golf.
BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM.
I think I want to do what I can play with my mouth.
By the way, you're not getting the TV job.
Rumor made sure of that Geltie, okay?
No chance.
Man, you talk about a vulture.
First of all, he was hovering over.
Now that Rumors go into Columbus, nice move, Rumor.
And Geltie wants the radio job and the TV job.
He's going to do everybody.
He's going to win his way to the top.
Hey, at summertime it's 100 degrees in the shade.
Days are getting longer.
Night's getting shorter.
Which means it's so important for you to get a good night's sleep.
Whatever, I'm not really sure I understand what that means.
If you're not sleeping as well as you could call 1-800-MAX-BRIS today.
Millions of people have dialed 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, including yours truly,
for the lowest prices on the best brands,
embedding the best deal all the way around.
Save time, save money, improve your productivity,
brighten your disposition.
The Alma Mater's is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, you'll get the best prices on the best brands,
would deliver you when it's convenient for you on your schedule
and the best customer service in the business.
The Alma Mater's has the complete line of C. Lee,
shirt a King Coral, Simmons, tempered,
and Stearns at Foster Hewitt.
From Candlestore, Palm Beach to Fort Myers,
dialed a mattress can deliver to you the finest vetting anywhere.
Everyone here at QAM is called 1-800-MAT-BRIS.
You ought to be doing the same thing too.
Or you can check them out on the web at mattress.com.
But better yet, call them right now and they'll be knocking on your door
whenever you want in no time at all, delivering and setting up that great new vetting.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
My, and low.
This is Sports Radio 560.
QAM.
Wapu, Wapu, Wapu.
Wapu, Wapu.
She can crack a wall up with her two massive cheeks.
Wrack them.
She do something she doesn't like, man, she freaks.
She's a crow with she'd be for a wild banshee.
And now Jennifer Lopez is Mrs. Mark Anthony.
Oh my God!
She picked Mark over those two other clowns.
She weighs more than him by like 70 pounds.
She's a screaming lunatic who stands to go pee.
And now Jennifer Lopez is Mrs. Mark Anthony.
Oh!
How long can this merry last?
It had been awfully fast, but that flag is against.
Yes!
Yes!
As a dark shitty past, it's a trouble for us.
Can't look face and have a past.
Mark should be okay if he poops his mouth shut.
His new ladies ego is biggest but.
And no one is happier than he did.
Because Jennifer Lopez is now Mrs. Mark Anthony.
Why on God's green earth would mark drop to one knee?
She's gone through two husbands.
Now Mark is lucky number three.
Oh, we're fine.
Well, I wouldn't lay everybody else just as sick of that bitch as I am because George's
pull on Friday which current news item are you sickest a hearing about?
And J. Low getting married was number one.
389 votes.
Ronald Reagan 377.
Reagan's dead by the way.
He's still dead.
No.
Yeah.
He's immortal now.
He's a guy.
And with any luck Todd Wreckle be following very soon and screw and winnacle be right on his ass.
The third day he rose again.
Wouldn't it be something to come into Marmorning to work and find two sever heads sitting right there on the counter?
One would be Todd Wreck and the other Luanne screw in.
Wouldn't it be great?
Not my best friend Todd.
Yeah, your best good and well I'm that he's got that deal done for.
I think that says much as you can count on him for so off with his head.
Reality.
See, I'm not going to play that thing.
Would you keep egging me on a player?
But it would be in such bad taste after the Paul Johnson.
Oh, my God.
It's a severed head.
I'm not playing that.
That would be really sick.
Do it.
Reality shows 328.
They're getting a fed up with that.
It's running its course.
Scott Lacey 174.
Kobe Bryant case 92.
Remember in the beginning they said, oh this is going to be bigger than OJ.
I said, you people are crazy.
Most people don't know Kobe Bryant from Anita Bryant except for the Jackson of Rist.
Except for the people who listen to this radio station.
The real sickos out there to people giving me the ball, giving me the ball.
All they know.
Those people make me gag.
And especially the golf crowd.
Oh, God, we got that.
Thanks.
She sent me because I think he made a good point.
But nevertheless, although he's full of crap too.
Madonna's religion 86.
I don't know.
She had one.
Oh, yeah.
Kabbalah.
She changed the name.
Yeah, I know.
She's a far better than a Jew this week.
The war is 61.
The war.
Oh, there's a war going on.
Jessica Simpson 57.
I got, I'm going to tell you something.
Since she had all those zits taken off, she's doing spots for some zit remover now.
You see those?
Yeah.
Yeah.
She looks pretty good.
I mean, maybe she's got a ton of makeup on.
In fact, I'm sure she does.
But she looks almost as pretty as her husband.
The Clinton book 54, all of a sudden she's got a better nose.
9-11-42.
9-12-42.
Josh Beckett, the Marlins and the Freaking Stadium.
Well, go P on M.
39.
Well, thank you for it.
And Paul Johnson with his severed head.
Now, that's, that was on the bottom.
In other words, they wanted to hear about that.
So don't be play that severed head thing.
There's nothing I'm using about that.
It's sick.
They chopped the guy's head off.
And now they got the South Koreans.
And they're threatening to do that to them.
And they chopped off Daniel Apurles head.
And then who was the other one?
Nick Burg, right.
An Aki Burg, Korsaki deserved it.
Anyway, Greg and Parkland says, dear Neil.
As a lawyer of WQM listener and motor sports fan,
I hope you can please read this facts on the air.
Well, first of all, if you knew, well,
I'm sure you do Greg and Parkland what I think of motor sports,
you could put it in a thimble.
My interest in having room for the Chinese Army left over,
but nevertheless, to which it's own.
We're in a relatively quiet time in American sports at this time.
The air's separation.
I guess this guy didn't hear about the, uh, Goosen.
That's what they're doing in the locker room.
They're all Goosen each other.
Yeah, that's the guy, the golfer that won a tournament
whatever was this weekend, which I have no interest in.
His name was Goosen.
And hearing Gully going on about Goosen and Goosen and Goosen and Goosen.
He's whining about Goosen and Tiger.
Oh my God.
Seriously, what you wonder why the world isn't the shape that it's in.
And there are people actually listening to him whining.
And not only is Gully the figure of a wood pile
as far as our whole schedule, he looks to me like he's the odd man out.
Cause Joe no one among his show more hates him like poison.
And then we got Gully and bow together the rest of the week
with Joe on vacation.
So what does that leave you?
Is a Gully?
What's Joe comes back?
Gully's out the way I see it.
Because I'm here and he's got an ego that is so runaway.
Even when he goes out and does his appearances now,
he wants more money than anybody else.
He doesn't want to do any work.
And he wants to sit there and be.
Have everybody like get down and kiss his ring.
Based on what?
Can you tell me what?
Anyway, it says.
And he's really getting on my nerves.
I know that you were very fond of Gully,
but he's not one of my favorite people.
In fact, I like Mo better than Gully.
Does that say it all?
Oh boy.
Seriously.
Are we must be having technical difficulties?
The NBA championship has been decided since Greg and Parkland
and the Stanley Cup awarded to Tampa Bay.
No, it wasn't awarded to Tampa Bay.
They won the Stanley Cup.
They don't get awarded.
It is not like some kind of a anyway.
Football is months away.
It's too early in the season to pretend to be a Marlins fan.
Marlins are out of first place by the way, Josh.
But 1% is point.
Well, what are you going to do?
Well, maybe go out and win a game or two would be nice.
The Braves coming into town.
That should be a piece of cake.
They own the Braves.
They got their number.
They do.
Now, what were they given away on Saturday at the ballpark?
A Orange Marlins hat.
Now, how did I know that they were given away something?
Because I looked at the box court.
It said 31,000 people.
I said, they must be given some crap away.
Of course.
Now, I don't want to knock anything because they've been there.
Tenets has been very good this year.
They've been drawn very well.
They had like 20,000, 3000 I think yesterday.
Yeah.
Now, they weren't given anything away.
Were they?
No, not yesterday.
See, so they had 23,000.
Now, if they were given away like a Josh Peckett urine cup,
they probably had 50,000.
Anyway, football this month's away.
It's as it's too early in the season to pretend to be a Marlins fan.
And golf is well, you know, just, yeah.
I'm starting to like Greg in wherever this came from.
Golf is that.
That's right.
Let me say it again.
Playing crap.
But motor sports flourishes this time.
And you're speaking of that.
With NASCAR, a cart CRT.
What is that?
I guess it's the mini cars.
I don't even go carts.
I don't know what that is.
I RL and Grand Pre-Racing every weekend around the world.
Several open-wheel drivers live here in South Florida,
including the sensational young Ryan Hutter Ray,
one of the most beautiful athletes in sport.
Today.
Well, what does that mean?
Sounds a little, what is this with Greg in Parkland?
What are you trying to tell us, Greg?
He's a great park fan.
One of the most beautiful athletes in the sports today.
You might have to go look for his picture.
I better look him up.
But without Joe Castello, our local radio sports station
is abandoned.
Us, we fans have no show to call in and participate with.
Sure, there's email, but it's not the same as a 50,000 mod forum.
Well, we're only about 45,000.
We're about 45,000 watch short of that, Greg.
Now all of a sudden, Greg isn't so carried away.
We've got 50,000 watch.
Man, you really are a screamer.
I was always conscious of who Joe sponsors were
and listened to it with Saturday Show,
religiously, not WQM, I just well turned off the transmitter
during weekends.
Can you pass that out of your management?
How much Joe has missed?
I know I'm not alone in feeling like this.
Thank you, says Greg in Parkland.
We concur.
We want Joe Castello back, but our management, quite frankly,
Greg speaking of Greg, our management sucks.
I'm in the local community.
And live the last week of October.
The radio's on yours now.
WQM.
What the hell is that?
I don't know what is it.
I don't know, obviously, operator error.
Well, in the meantime, the guy that sent me that text screwed me all up
because my thing froze up during the break.
And we have the computer too.
Actually, my computer froze up because I got into a website
with racing drivers and it said, who the hell cares about this crap?
So not only couldn't I find a picture of this beautiful young driver
that his guys all obsessed with and probably rubbing himself raw
with over right now, but I got nothing but a dead computer.
But it's coming back.
Well, I speak and have equipment.
Let me just say this kid Jim Fick City,
and of course, he also, whatever your name is.
This is George's bag.
George is a great job pulling him last week.
But, see, let me give you a little clue on how it works.
If somebody says, and I'm not just talking about me,
but most people.
If somebody says, what's Niels number?
Does this use me as an example, which this is the case?
What Niels phone number?
Generally, the way it would work is you either call me
or maybe just send me a fax or email saying,
Yelton wants your phone number.
He wants to come up and bug you up there and mess with equipment
and screw it up as bad as the stuff is down here.
What do you say?
And of course, I would say, no, leave me alone.
But no, George gives out not only the phone number
and my regular number, but also my cell phone number.
I got two calls for the price of one.
I'm sound asleep last Monday morning, 8.20.
My first day on vacation or second day, whatever the hell it was.
And I'm sound asleep and the phone rings and it's,
luckily, I didn't get in there in time.
I get to listen to the voicemail.
And it's one of our crack engineering staff,
who just happens to be to quote him right around the corner
and I recall, last time my check doesn't exactly
run the corner, inviting himself to come up here
and screw around with my computer and my board here.
I don't have any computer problems.
Until I got that fax from Greg and Sunrise.
Marshmallow mix up lands,
cruise past your Miami jail for a day.
Before we do that, I better give the pull out, shouldn't I?
I eat.
What's famous and we're doing two versions of this
because the first one will be brief only until noon
because the guys are out there.
Oh, well, we don't know anything about what guys look like.
I know.
What famous male living or dead is most overrated as to looks.
And then we'll do the females starting at noon.
All right.
Okay.
What famous male living or dead is most overrated as to looks.
James Dean was the first one I put on there
because quite frankly, I don't see it.
What was the big deal with James Dean?
And I would have had a female once starting at noon
which we don't want any of those called in yet
because I know the way they played a game.
Well, when we get to the female one put, you know,
what's your name on there?
Whoever.
We'll get to those at noon.
Anyway, Hope Clarke, a teacher's eight
from a small mountain town in Wyoming may think twice
about her next vacation.
The Blue Riode tourist was led away in handcuffs
from the cruise ship Fascination at dawn on Friday,
following a spot security check at the port of Miami.
She spent a precious day of romantic summer break
behind bars all because of a bag of marshmallows
that got her in trouble during last summer's vacation.
Her story and admixed a bummering federal bureaucracy
and national security jitters came out Friday
and US District Court, Miami, began with a bench worn
out of a Wyoming federal court, a legend Clark had failed
to pay a $50 ticket last summer
and aim up in a federal database.
She'd been set it for an obscure federal offense
in proper food storage at a national park
after leaving a bag of marshmallows
out of the campsite of Yellowstone Park.
The park has strict food storage laws intended
to thwart mooching and marauding bears.
Clark, 32 insisted in courts to use her credit card
to pay the $50 ticket because Park officials
had confiscated her camping gear
wouldn't give it back until the fine was paid.
Oh, we're fine.
Stunning copy of the citation US magistrate,
John O'Sullivan agreed she'd made good on the fine.
The ticket has been paid.
This woman should not be in custody.
The judge said ordering her released immediately
over a bag of freaking marshmallows
at the U.S. National Park.
What is America coming to, man?
That's an important law.
Let's see, her couple of beauties from the Sunsend
letters to the editor page while you were away.
Reagan's death, he reminded to us all,
says Helen Goodman and Delray Beach.
The pageantry, the pomp and circumstance,
the outpouring of public and personal acclaim,
most deservedly belongs where it's been placed
in the dedication of the memory
of our now departed dear President Ronald W. Reagan.
And I go, why do I want to read this?
This is nauseating.
Then another one from Karen Lighthouse Point,
who says, I'm writing to express my discipline
in the angle with your choice to print letters
that were disrespectful, critical.
I already saw this in inflammatory
about the late President Reagan.
In other words, Karen and Lighthouse Point thinks
we should only have letters to the editor
that just suck up to the right wing.
Just suck up to the memory with somebody croaks
if they were piece of crap, then they were piece of crap,
okay? And that's what Reagan was.
And now we need another copy of this schedule here.
Oh, this is, I'm telling you.
That's a...
What's going on here?
I want to wish on Hitler or Reagan.
What's going on at QAM? It's just unbelievable.
Most of which I can't even discuss.
I will say one great thing.
Also, I want to analyze a couple of Saturdays
to a woodbine racetrack.
Did I go to the races?
Oh!
No, sorry Ian Frommel, it's my good friend.
Did I not go to the races?
But I went early in the day that the slots
to the casino at woodbine.
How do you like that?
What a concept.
A casino at a racetrack?
Oh no, that can't be possible.
Could it? Certainly not in Florida.
No.
No, we'd like to get that.
Hopefully they'll pass that this fall.
Hopefully it'll be on a ballot and people will use their brain.
At a great time, they had 1700 machines out there.
The Wheel of Fortune deals.
I mean, I lost some money, but I had a great time.
And it's a beautiful place, man.
You can eat off the floor.
They got a nice restaurant in there.
Yeah.
Huge place.
It's almost like going into a casino in Vegas.
Not as big in Glitz-Eq.
But it's very modern, very nice.
Right.
Well nothing.
And it's big in Glitz-Eq.
Right.
But then again, it's, you know, cab ride instead of getting on a plane
and spending thousands to get there, I hop into cab 25 minutes on there.
And what's nothing like?
You lose all the money you want.
Okay, here's the, let's get the pole going.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Hound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget our topic today, your favorite boil.
All of the boil.
It's happened they're saying it's Danny Boyle.
Now of course George has no idea what that means.
Who?
WQA and hello.
What is it?
Speaking.
Good morning.
How are you, sir?
Good.
Your phone is awful.
Hold on, let me change.
Sounds like Woody to me, George.
Might be.
That's not like 9-11.
It is Woody.
I know.
You're right.
These calls man during the summertime, they're the all-time best.
Now I haven't lost it.
I've had a bad phone, crappy connection, but I still knew it was him.
You could feel it.
A million miles away.
You could still feel the speed coming.
In fact, that was worse than the stuff that came out of that boil in my back.
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
I got to click your boil.
Yeah.
Well, I want to know why George sent my whole call last week.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
What is now?
Why do we have the same sound there?
I don't know.
Feedback?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you guys screening or non-screening?
Non-screening, sir.
You're right here right now.
Hey, buddy.
I'm excited as hell.
Got that 9-11 movie coming out on Friday.
Got all my liberal friends lined up to go see it.
But, uh, did you get to catch Michael Moore on the today's show this morning?
No, I did not.
Oh, boy.
You already had our Katie Kirk interviewing him.
Well, let me ask you this.
Why do you want your liberal friends to go see it?
Why?
Because we all think alike.
Well, that's great.
That's what's called, you know, preaching to the choirs, what that's called.
The waste of time.
Get all your undecided friends to go see it.
The liberal friends, we already know what it's all about.
We're already onto the bush crowd.
These Nazis are right.
Get some of your middle of the road people.
Some of your right wing people.
Get them to go see it.
Force them.
Go time up and make them watch it.
Oh, look at this.
Isn't that something?
Wow.
Welcome back.
It's refreshing near your voice and wit once again.
Now, let's get down to business.
It says good freaking riddenster.
Rimmer.
It says.
Well, shame on you.
Huh?
I did not write that.
Yeah, it's your handwriting.
No, it's typed.
I'm so glad that freeloading frog is leaving town.
He's not a frog.
I don't know where you come up with it.
You got the wrong one.
The frog is potpan, okay?
The frog, but the freeloaded part is right.
It's not because he's leaving for a better job.
It's because he's worn out his welcome at every restaurant in town.
He's mooched his last meal.
He squeezed the last load out of the buffalo on the nickel.
Every waiter in waitresses on the woman is chinchy tipping.
Sure, there might be a small professional reason he's leaving.
As the amateur gildy being named new panther play by play.
I hate to break the news.
The gildy is doing a radio.
Rimmer was on TV.
Mr. Rex brought out there.
But the real reason is a fresh started freeloading.
New restaurants to exploit.
Guess what?
I heard that there's a Ruth Christian Columbus.
Yeah, my phone rings one day last week.
And like a fool, I pick it up.
And there's Rimmer and Doug McLean on the phone together.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap. bap bap bap pretending to be avv. ranks right now it's like I locked up and then came
top department you were apparently the hangover of very pretty look back to mismo forty
ougowsfm in time and thats all so cool that's pretty nice today at least we got time to
Stewing is fair, the men hate, ladies want sick, huh?
Still sezied into it, that's all Jay!
But everybody knew it, that's all Jay!
The prosecutor's blue-wint is still to this day!
He's still out there, oh Jesus, sometimes he gets mad at his wife
But she didn't cut her own head off with a knife
He is paid for dinner, views, needs the cash for his golf juice
Oh Jay, tell me, how is the search for the real killer golly?
This by man, I've been looking at golf courses all across America
But I'll never be spent on spyglass union, I ain't found him yet though!
Why are you just working at golf courses?
Uh, that's mostly where I find myself on a golf courses
Can you be anywhere else?
No, I don't think so, they go beyond the golf course
Oh Jay is just plain crazy, here's the head
He says that Michael and Kobe are in a city city
Made my stuff, Clark's the rear
But she's lucky he didn't cut her right behind me here
Still sezied into it, that's all Jay!
But everybody knew it, that's all Jay!
The prosecutor's blue-wint is still to this day!
He's still out there, oh man!
10.47.560 WQM, so somebody faxes and says
Yesterday the Marlins gave away 10.000 BBQ sets
Josh, that's right I forgot about that
Yeah, also a lot of fathers and sons that have a catch on the field after the game
So again, a very inflated number, 23.000, but don't be peeing on their parade
Just do what I'm Josh, but that could stand
And that spot that we just played a minute ago
Maybe it's me getting old, maybe it's my hearing
Maybe I got Rush Limbaugh, Pill Poff and Zeez
But I would have sworn that they said the only Marlin ever to
Hit a walk-off home run
No, in his debut
A walk-off home run
You're missing the point
Okay
Can you tell me what it is a walk-off home run
When you hit it to win the game
In the night
A walk-off home run
A walk-off home runs if you win the game
Nobody in the history of the human race has ever heard who's a baseball fan has ever heard that expression before
I think you invented it
He wrote that spot
Yeah, I think you wrote the spot
I think this is a conspiracy
A walk-off home run
Never heard about a lead-off home run
I've heard of it inside the park home run
It's a walk-off
I think you're a walk-off
Man, oh man, a walk-off home run
Wow
Couldn't you just have said he went yard?
That would have been a lot better
Oh yeah
Cabrera goes yard
Because I'm going nuts
A walk-off home run
I've been a baseball fan for 150 years
Okay, I've seen more baseball games in my life
And you'll see if you'll have to be a hundred and a walk-off home run
You've never heard that?
How about a game-winning home run?
Does that make sense to me?
Yeah
Even George can understand that
Yeah
Do I?
But then after he hits the game-winning home run, what do we do?
Walk it off
Walk off
That's right
I'll remember that song just walk it off
Let's get some names out of this pool we're getting here
And I got my moral story to tell we better start moving here
Now what does this schedule look like?
Let's see, who's the suspended this week?
Jim Manditchet 2
The homerid floor from Shula State 2 in Miami-Lakes
Where he's probably going to be eating again, feeding that gigantic pouch
Seven o'clock we got now in the U.M.
We got the College World Series from Omaha, Nebraska, which I just love Omaha
What a great place
U.M. against Cal State Fullerton
One thing about the College World Series, you ever notice it's the same teams
Every stink in here
Arizona State, Cal State Fullerton, University of Miami, and the same ones
Texas, which is a toss state
Same bunch of red next year after year after year, all the same crap
Any cap to the baseball game, and that's a schedule
I'm a little bit disturbed to see that we got Joe out this week
We got Gildi and Bo from 8 to 10 is our lead in this week
Wow
Oh my God
Talk about
Man
We got the big
Oh
Gildi and Bo
It's pretty lame, but it's a summertime to get whatever you take whatever you get, right?
Right
So far James Dean is leading the pool because we haven't put any of the names on there
Because I'm busy just rambling and rambling
What famous name, living or male, living or dead is most overrated as to looks
WQM, hello
WQM, hello
QAM, Ola
Reading is boring, please
WQM, hello
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good
George did a great job as usual
That's what I hear is sensational, so good we're going to put him on for most of the summer
Stop it
I got to agree with you on the walkoff home run saying you actually heard about it
Two or three years ago they started saying that and I
What a stupid expression
See this is the problem with all these sports shows and these sports stations
Now they keep having to create these idiotic cliches
Like Sammy Gozziard
Oh God
Some more on our sports center said it one night now
All these little punks like Josh Cordes there are saying the same
Oh walkoff home run, you don't know what that is, you idiot, walkoff home run
All right, that's all I got for you
Okay, thanks, nobody's got any names for it as I told you the male one they want to know
Because otherwise it would be
I got one, I just got one
Okay, well let's put it on here so we can get this thing going
Cano, cano, three years ago they gush the women they got crazy yeah you should say
By the way I hope George didn't talk last week about how he liked the poison his wife's eliminate
I hope he didn't mention that five six seven oh five sixty but he would pound five sixty on the 18t and Verizon Marvel's lines
See we haven't had one carier with a name for this pool
When we get to the second part with a women with the females then it'll be disguised the limit
That's why I saved it to like noon
Good plan
WBQA and hello
Thank you, hi, Neil
Yes sir, you're welcome
Listen, I was just listening to the show and there
Yes, and as much as you know about everything I have been listening to you for years
You never heard of the term walkoff home run before?
No, not in my life
It's big, I mean in college and in major leagues they use it quite often
It just doesn't happen a lot but it's one of the last hits is the home run
It has to be the bottom of the ninth or the bottom of an extra
Let me ask you this
When Bobby Thompson hit the home run in 1951 to win a playoffs in a Giants 1 dependent beat the Dodgers
Did Russ Hodges say it's a...
Come on man
Now he probably didn't I don't recall hearing that
I can understand Dave Van Boring say it's a walkoff home run
Because it fits right in with his boring description of the game
He's terminally coma inducing
Actually, I don't think he would be a glib enough to use that term
But yeah it is used though
I don't know that it was used 35, 40 years ago
It was in use 15 minutes ago I think you guys just made it up
I think you must have had a meeting over the weekend
You in Judge Cordis and this is a setup
Have a great day pal, get out of here, enough for me
This is better than that, why two K-debate we enjoy
Oh, walkoff home run
Oh my God, that's gotta be that is worse than Goziard
Well, it's right in there, it's right in the running
Sammy Goziard and Neil Goz-Nuts
Listening to all these
Overgrown jackass is all these silly jock-sniffing fools
All these muddy cronies with cheese
WQM, hello
Good-eel
Yes sir
Go on for the bolt
Okay
Christopher Reeves
Hi Valley
WQM, hello
Yes, we're shooting Neil
Speaking
I know, what had you ever heard of a book called The Pink Swaps Picker?
No
No, I had read it was recommended by an Orthodox Rabbi
Oh, yeah
Written by an observing Christian and I guess an observant Jew
And it is...
How's that?
Yeah, it tended to...
What were you observing, prejudice?
Well, it depended on your viewpoint
They tended to steer the reader to believe that a lot of the foundations of nationalism
was based on the Hellenism, Hellenism, the pre- you know, in Greece
And the male, macho, stereotype
And a lot of the people who were, I guess, pseudo-fascin
No, I think that maybe Hitler wants to sign up as a sign fell, that's what turned them
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60
What is this man talking about?
That pink plus...
I got this whole pile of books that I got to read in this guy
Oh, and you know which one is the best?
I can buy
Now, I will say that the movie The Hunting of the President just came out to Joe Connison book
which I had the book in Everett Parts of it and I started reading again
And I realized why am I wasting my time reading that now?
Because it's just not timely, it'll be like my going out and buying a bobbah book tomorrow
I'm not going to do it, I got too many other important books to read
But the one which I have in the other room, can I run and get it?
Listen to the tune
Listen, smart guy, one more crack out of you and I'll spray you all over the joint to you here
I told I got ready
We got guilty doing the shield
That is it
What the hell was that?
It was Ronald Reagan
Bush's War for Re-election, Iraq, the White House and the People by James Moore
Author of the New York Times, Best Seller, Bush's Brain, I'm sure I put it on our thing
I'm sure it's on there
I'm sure
This book will make you so angry, make you just spit blood about the way that they just lied through their teeth
and about the uranium and Niger and about the all the weapons of mass destruction
and about all of this crap that they just made up and they planted these stories in the media
This is just enough to make you shriek
And I'm only up to like chapter 3, I just started reading it this weekend
Oh, man
Now will the public read it?
No
Does anybody want to hear me read part of it?
Of course not
Because the public is too busy with important things like walk off home runs
When I heard that in that spot I thought to myself, now I've just, I'm off the planet
I'm with you, I'm that space vehicle tomorrow
Open up a hot dog stand
Anything
It'll be big
Sell some of that bratwurst to go in
Man, oh man
He's just hopeless
It's like this poll, we got two names on here
Okay, well let's open up the poll Eric
Okay, that'll get you off the hook for an hour
We got the James D against Kiano Reeves
Maybe it's like a match with us, okay?
Maybe Kiano will go yard
Fly in local
We're sports radio five 60s, you ain't, you ain't
Grudge packing
Absolutely
Recently
Paul admitted he was under a key
Oh my god
He tried heroin and LSD
And wrote his joints big as a tree
Disno joke, disno joke
20 broke his song he was on top
In hotel room all filled with smoke
He offered ringo
Star a token
To come clean after all these years
Takes lots of guns
I knew they were high
They were they got those dumb haircuts
Lots of pop, lots of pop
Explain why Paul's eyes were so bloodshot
And why John believed your go was hot
If he weren't stoked he know she's not
When the beards were big
There were drugs everywhere
They got stoned with the beaches and sunny
And shared so they were
High as a kite for such a pepper
The 60s was just a total blur
I bet the beach boys would concur
I bet you were
LSD, here's the facts
All pilot on now
Walkoff home run is a very common term
If you've been in the cave the past few years are just a rotto
First of all walkoff home run hasn't been around the past few years
Okay
Maybe Josh there can tell us what they invented it
What's that?
The expression walkoff home run
The idea that it's been around a few years that I'm some kind of a fossil
Because I never heard of it before
Just like the other collar said it's something that somebody on sports center is some
S- an iron show
A- S- an iron show
Nice come back here nice recovery
On the ESPN came up with it just invented it
See this is what happens when you have a product that's so boring as baseball
It's just terminal, common in addition to what's here in Toronto the blue jays never win anyway
They won yesterday but that's a rarity and so they don't have any walkoff home runs
They have like drop dead home runs
Like you drop dead if they ever hit one
Walkoff home run my fat ass
Okay let's get some names on this pool because this is the other one for you Paul Newman
Even in his younger days he was a good looking guy but not like I don't know
I mean much much to do about the nothing if you ask me
Sexy symbol my ass
Oh speak out of that US groups won more film band it is coming out this Friday have no fear but
Not without some hysteria
US conservative groups have launched the campaign to have Michael Moore's misleading and grotesque film
Affirmative and high 9-11 band from cinemas
That's what they call it misleading and grotesque
The film alleges connections between President George Bush and top Saudi families including the Bin Laden's
Move forward America move America forward is begun a letter writing campaign while citizens united is making TV an internet advertisement
Which criticized more the documentary film will be shown around the US from this Friday June 25 since the BBC news
Move America forward members will be on letter writing campaign that led US channel CBS to drop TV movie The Reagan's last
Remember claiming the film distorted history the group has received several thousand emails of support for its
Farron height 9-11 campaign saying executive director Cia Bon Guini a former
Republican party lobbyist he's the executive director of this group of Nazis
Okay, since were the customers of the American movie theaters it's important for us to speak up loudly out loud and tell the industry executives that we don't want this misleading and grotesque movie being shown at our local
Center of the group set out its website listing contact details for various US cinemas
Miss Guini said more is critical of what's happening right now and there's no problem with being critical but his movie is not a documentary
It's a piece of propaganda citizens united is headed by former Republican congressional a David bossy who's also targeting George Soros a billionaire who donated nearly $13 million to group seeking the
Feed President Bush Mr. Bossy said look Michael Laura simply producing an advertising this movie at this time to try to affect the election
Well, that's great. It seems to be left to us to make sure that the media is educated as well as the American people are
Educated as to what they're up to the media the media that's been carrying in the cajoling and embed with this group of right with Nazis that media is that what he's talking about I see the liberal media
Drey I forgot about that
560560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line walk off home run WQAM hello
Hey, New Hollywood doing nice job for George. Yes, I got a I just want to say one thing before I give you the
I think for the fall that I am not a baggy. Well, you sound like one to me. I just want to know I'm not a baggy later. Everybody know what's this guy?
Bert Reynolds. Bert Reynolds. Oh, that's his line. Okay, pal. That's what Brits always seen. He's not a baggy. I can say it under
St. Edward. He said he said he was not a baggy. I could hear the Hispanic action. So I knew that he was a BS on us. Bert Reynolds. That's a good one. What was the big deal with him?
Good actor in deliverance and what's the other one we said he was good in? Oh, Boogie nice. Boogie nice. But all the movies and a bunch of crap, but they're not a good looking guy.
Especially with that nasty hair piece plus, but he's not a baggy. Right. 5607 0560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Look at this baby cranked cranked up and going. Speaking of babies.
Brits go Florida Central Florida couple. Did you see the story? Start start the kid. Yeah. Yeah.
A central Florida couple surmended on aggravated child abuse charges a month after their 10 year old foster daughter was removed from their home weighing only 29 pounds well below.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The national center for health statistics say the median weight for 10-year-old girls is about 72 pounds. Arthur Thomas Elaine, Jr. 46, and Laurie Elaine 47, or Rest of Lasters, they released after posting $20,000 bailage on abuse and neglect charges. The foster parents and the girl told investigators that she had an eating disorder that made her vomit. But healthcare workers said she has no physical or psychological disorder and has been gaining weight with proper nutrition. The civil society has been gaining weight with proper nutrition.
The buildings went to live with the Elaine's after the state terminated their mother's parental rights in 1999. The Elaine's, who were friends of the family allegedly began to deny the girl food in January of 2001 until the girl was moved in hospitalized. She was last seen by a doctor in February 2002. State child protection workers acting on a complaint removed the girl May 18th. Investigators said her eyes were sunken and her ribs were clearly visible, but Sheriff Richard Nugin said she had a big smile on the police photos. Maybe she enjoyed that the breakfast.
That could have been it. Or maybe she enjoyed sitting on a real turlits for once in her life would have been good instead of doing it in the paint bucket. Does it mention their religion in there? By the way, say the paint bucket. It's Josh Beckett, my one I have a look at him. Wouldn't be something if he had a walk-off home run. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, that has got to be the most stupid and Josh sits there. Oh yeah, it's a walk-off home run. It's home under with the game. You know, even getting calls here saying it's legit. You know, on the side.
I understand that somebody invented that phrase. Don't you understand what I'm trying to tell you? All you punks. Somebody ever heard it. Huh? I never heard it. I never heard it because I don't listen or watch baseball games. Have it out of the years. So that's why how would I hear it if I don't watch baseball anymore? But let me say it again. Having listened to and watched baseball and attended millions of games in person over the years, I can guarantee that that phrase never existed. Somebody invented it. There is no set. I mean, for example, there's such a thing as an inside the park home run. We can agree on that, right? Right.
There's such a thing as a lead-off home run, right? Right. And always has been because that's a part of the game. This is just a cliche that some jackass invented on ESPN and you're getting sucked right into it, but probably because you're sitting there with that boring jackass. They're doing a ball game and you're thinking, oh my God, anything that will spice this up can't be all bad. I mean, even that promo we're playing out, boog sounds like he's an a-coma. Now let's face it, boog is a very excited guy. He does a great job. We love boog. But that promo, he sounds like he's gone off in the snooze land. Sitting there with that coma inducing a Dave and Borg.
We're a great guy. We walked off. Yeah, it was a walkoff performance. In fact, I'm thinking of doing it right now. See ya. Just walk away. A walkoff home run. Oh, man, what is this world coming? I thought it was bad enough for the bush crowd. This might have to have something to do with the paint feedback, isn't it? By the way, was there a game with the Super Bowl this year or just those as a booby? There was a game. 25 votes. Look at this. This may be the lowest number of people in the world.
We ever had this first pool here. I told you this part of it wouldn't fly because what do they know about what guys look like? So we got to tell us your gay. What famous male living or dead is most overrated as to looks. Can't or weeks 10 James D. Nate Billy Bob Thornton forward. Hell he come from. Who Reynolds or your call Newman none? Oh, he was a walk on. Yeah, he was a walk away on our pool. We're a walk away from the wind. See, I can understand that. You know, with bases are loaded. No bottom of the night. Scores.
Ty three and two on the batter. We're a walk away from winning a game, right? Maybe they'll start saying yeah, there you go, Van Boring. There's one for you. How many QAM? Well, this thing is strange QAM. Hello. Oh, ah. Not there. WQM. Hello. How you doing? Okay. Walk off home run maybe five, six years old. The term at the most.
I mean, basically men means game ending home run. I understand that. Yeah. I'm sure it came from sports center or something like that. When I first heard it, I thought that's like a playing like Stuart Scott would say or one of these guys. And you know, it's just, you know, it's descriptive enough. I mean, you know, people walk off the field afterward. No, nothing, but no, no, no, no, they don't walk off the field. I mean, walk off home run. First of all, when a guy hits home run to win the game, everybody comes running out of the dugout.
They are congratulated. So it's not a walk off walkoff sounds like a coma to me. Walk off the field that just walk away. Renate, I think they're used to distinguish from it like you said game winning because the game winning home run could be in any inning. Really, if nobody scores after. So, you know, they just can't, it was colorful and they came up with it, but it's not a long time baseball term like you said. It was definitely not you. 10 20 years ago. Well, thanks for renovating my existence. Have a great day.
Yeah, we're not getting any suggestions for the ball, but walk off home run man. This is heavy duty. What would you expect on QA? And what about that? Goose and guy, huh? A lot of goose and going on on that golf course. I sure hope nobody lost any balls at that tournament this weekend because it's hard to be goose and without the equipment. Look at all these fangs is here. Let's see. Overrated male Tom Cruise. There's a good one for the pool. Tom Cruise, both in looks and acting ability and you are absolutely correct. Owen Wilson.
I spy behind enemy lines, Zoolander. That's John Columbia South Carolina. You forgot South Carolina in college world series. Go game cocks is what he says. Well, he didn't say all of that. Well, no, that's where cocky. The actual. Yeah, yes. Anyway, Robert Redford great here, but those face worth our protest. And that's another good when he never looked good on the bed and his best day, but he's supposed to be a sex plot. Robert Redford, I'll give you another one too since I'm the one that's got to put all the ones on there being the fact that I am. How about David to Coveney? All right. He's a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be
a good actor. Right. Oh, he's a hunk that hunt. Oh, what? He was good. Now, you know what movie I watched again over the weekend and happened to be honored during the last week. California. Great movie. Oh, my God. And see, there's a Brad actually acting like a character. In fact, when Brad started girdling up that blood there at the very end, you know, I was thinking of my boy all over again. I don't. Oh, I guarantee you didn't smell like my boy. I'll get into that. We'll tell you. We told you to get people to lunch. I'm probably people trying to lose weight. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a good actor. I'm not going to be a
good actor. You won't eat for a month after I tell you my person, the Boyle story. It was a eye-popper. A poppy. 1114 at 560 WQM. You know, summer's here, but are you still in verse to take off your shirt at the pool or were that nice skirt you saw in the window? Yeah, I'm a little bit of a verse to wear it. So what are you doing to finally lose weight and feel better about yourself? You have to take advantage of balance for life. Who would have thought that you could have three meals and two snacks delivered to your door daily and still lose weight, but you can. And though forget the beauty is you get to pick your meals each week. You'll get a different menu with two select
collections for every meal. No other company offers this. Select your breakfast lunch dinner and two snacks. That's it. No cooking, no cleaning. And you lose weight because all the meals are based upon the proven zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears, Gene Sears and J Sears and even Brian. Hi, Skollon Brian. For instance, menu choices this week are Port of L.O. and Provalone Omla, Veal Marcella, Crab Louie Salad. How can you call that dieting? People on balance for life lose an average of 15 pounds a month without even trying. Plus for a limited time, get a free pedometer when you sign up. Just stick it on your foot.
Track your steps and increase your weight loss. And now try their special seven day trial never offered before. Call this number tool free 1-866-225-4543. But an even easier look at this. But even easier just remember balance for life.com. That's balance for life.com online or tool free call 1-866-225-4543.
For old David Hasselhock, former star Baywatch and Knight Breider was arrested and charged with DWI. The German pop star spent the night in jail and was released on $15,000 bail. Hidden microphone and kit the talking car captured this exchange.
Oh my god David, what is that smell? Nothing, nothing, nothing. Have you been drinking David?
Um, just a little bit. A little bit. Just a drop or two. Three. You smell like a scunk's kisser. Come on, yeah, that's not nice. The truth hurts.
Wow, they are. And how about this for the truth? They only like you in Germany. Ah, that's BS and you know it. They love me in Singapore. No, they don't. Really? They hate you. How about in Greenland? They'll never be there. No, they don't. Huh? They hate you. How about China? Hey, you. You feeling? Hey, you. Greece? Hey, you. Oh, I can't. David, don't work now. But we have got the cops on our ass.
Oh, no, what am I going to do? For Ellen say, don't speak or they'll know your heart say fight. Come on, quit. I'm not outside. Say hell, I'll tell Betty for fights. All goofy friends. Quit it. Did you fart? No. Did you fart? No, I didn't. So, I'm asking me that. Did you burp? No. Did you burp? Stop it. If you have to throw up, please lean out the window. I just had my seats done. I'm right. I'm right. Don't call me to bail you.
You owe you a job. Twenty after eleven at five, six, you know, George is the email me a picture of Ryan Hunter Ray. And it's not a fact.
I'll do that again since it's right there handy. Who are they? Kidman. No, he's another one. I'm in bread Tennessee. Look at my people. You know, all the NASCAR people. They all look like that. Country Western people, NASCAR people. They all look like they just came from the back woods from Aintry or something like that. Rick says I think that you're walk off home.
Ron came when the term the thing of the bad is in the aluminum bats came around. Maybe that's the thing we were talking about. Oh, that thing. Oh, man.
Also says that George did a great job last week shows he's great with those highly a wannabes. Whatever that is. What does that mean? I don't know.
I want to be a highly high person. Anyway, here's a fact from Frank who says actually that phrase has been around a few years now. It's gotten so popular that now they try to find any innovative uses of the words walk off.
For example, if a batter draws a walk with a bass is loaded in the Thai game, it's a walk off walk. Or in a wonder I hate baseball like poison. I'm so glad I gave it up.
Or if a team wins because the pitcher makes an illegal move with the runner on third, it's called a walk off block. I've actually heard walk off sacrifice fly walk off single walk off hit by a pitch walk off wild pitch, etc. As for the pool, Tom Cruise.
And then for female, he's got Halle Berry, although she looked at in Gothic. She's got soggy. Oh, man, soggy boobies and face okay at best. That's sacrilegious. Frank, but we'll put a runner when we get to it.
Sure. Can you believe that? So I told you that though she ain't looking all that crazy lately. I think since they've just this beater up a little bit. Wasn't that they've just this Josh? Yeah. Yeah. See, I finally got one right. He knows his baseball. She healed. In fact, I think it was a walk off battering is what I heard.
Robert Redford, we already did that one. Owen Wilson, I read to these two tonight and Tom. Yes, thank you. Well, I got these piling up here. We got piles five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 and T and horizon wireless line. What famous male living or dead is most overrated as to looks. We're getting a few votes on there, but not too many. They'll save it for something they know something about, which is certainly not guys who look good. They know nothing about that. They look in a mirror shave every morning. Billy Bob Thornton 23 canneries 15. Burt Reynolds, a dozen. He's not
gay. You know James Dean nine Robert Redford three David DeCovny three. Good actor though. Right. Tom Cruz to Owen Wilson one and Paul Newman don't have any. They thought he was really hot. Okay. That make you a hello. Q a hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. I just wanted to give you a heads up on a day.
Actually, the one of our old time friends. Yes, it's a candidate with the Miami day, the mayor. Mayor. Yeah, okay. Well, I'm real happy for that's great.
You know, sometimes you lead us down the garden path and we just get sucked in just go right along and Dave, you know, there comes a point in time when you just realize that it's just ain't going to fly. Okay.
You're a good guy. Your intentions are good. But the last time you know, what why do they want to keep using the show and using us and using that he wants to give us a heads up?
Not going to use this show anymore to promote a candidacy that doesn't get five votes. Okay. That nobody cares about nobody's interest.
And put a buy an ad in the hero. Buy an ad in the summer in L. Harold do something to go get a megaphone. Go stand on the street corner.
I am so tired of that, man. It's just outrageous is what it is. I'd rather read the bubble book and I'd rather croak before I did that.
Or here's the fact you won't be able to read. So I'll just read it to you. That's the more on the ESPN started saying walk off home run a couple of years ago and it caught on.
Yeah, there you go. I told you that they just keep making up cliches because otherwise if it's boring, all they do is give the same scores and the stats and you know, whatever else.
And so they have to keep coming up with these stupid ass cliches and that is one that is the worst a walk off home run.
It gives you the impression of like like a golf tournament like where everybody just like that thing you got just walk away.
That's what it sounds like boring. And the last thing that baseball needs is any more cliches that make it sound boring, which it is.
At least it's truth and packaging. What is your friend on line nine QA hello? Yeah, sir.
No, how about Tom Salk is an excellent choice and he's not either by the way.
He's going to be holding a press conference in noon to announce just a reminder public that he's also not gay.
Higgins might be a little swishy, but not Tom Salk got it. Okay.
Well, I don't know. We even had names on here. Just to fill it out, I guess.
You know, we wouldn't have a lot. What for something to do? No, I got a whole pile of stuff here, but I don't want to come back on the first day and start reading.
All these stories, which I know you didn't do even though I didn't listen. Right. I didn't.
I heard three minutes with you and suds and I'll say it again.
Suds is great. Yes. You kind of sound like you have a great time together there. We work.
And the problem with a Rick and such show was Rick. I did read one story though.
In fact, that was the only the only thing that Reagan ever said that made any sense to me was Rick.
Riley is an ambus was that? Yeah, you read a story about what Larry King.
Oh, the one that I just got to read me for. Well, that's okay.
Big important story. How about this story about Al Qaeda site?
The website says police help in Johnson abduction.
As Paul Johnson used to have a good head on his shoulders, but doesn't anymore.
Al Qaeda militants disguised in police uniforms and cars provided by sympathizers in the Saudi security forces.
Set up a fake checkpoint to snare the American engineer.
They later be headed according to an account of the operation posted on the Islamic extremist website yesterday.
Now this morning, making the rounds, of course, since this came on the website was that bald head of geek.
His name is I think Adele juju bean. Okay. Yeah, juju be like used to get the movies.
Ju Jubies. I think he's okay. They'll tell you a cabin to your feelings are like crazy.
They'll pull him right out of there. But anyway, he was on his way.
Well, this isn't true and they can paint any car like a police car and they can get the uniforms about about your right.
There are always the Saudis always just remember I told you this a long time ago.
And it's it's true. They played both sides against the middle because the Saudi royal family in order to stay in power and not get over
throne, which could be done very easily by the way, but in order to stay in power, they keep playing up to the terrorists.
But for public consumption and make themselves look good, they come over here, a kiss and bushes ring and running around on a ranch.
And you know, looking each other's robes. So on one hand, they're very much against terrorism.
They're doing everything in their power. And despite the fact that they don't want pretty much to invent it,
this whole brand of terrorism and its lunacy, but don't know they're doing whatever they can.
The Saudis, they are the sand chiggers in the wood pile. Make no mistake about it. Okay.
They're the ones if we were going to invade anywhere, which we shouldn't have been invaded anywhere, but if we were going to, that should have been the one.
Ground zero. Make no mistake about it. Should have just hooked the old big hose right up.
Oh, I just saw a clip or John curious. He actually got a campaign going or what?
I don't know. 27 past 11. Man, oh man. If he don't look, if he doesn't have, I hate to say this because I hope I'm going to vote for him 20 times.
But he has the mask of death on his face. Don't he? How about that running made his more lively than them carry.
And we don't even know who it is yet. 27 past 11, somebody just give him like a little joke. Okay. Give him like a little oxygen would be good.
If you're trying to lose weight by following a low carb diet, like almost everybody is now, the lights of Westbokers help thousands of low carb
diners achieve their weight loss goals. They can do the same for you. You know, today's shopping for the right low car products has become more and more confusing, more
diffusive. Most of the so called low car products on the grocery store shelves won't help you lose weight.
Selecting foods with the right ingredients as well as the lowest carbs is the key. The light focus is an over a thousand of the right low
carb food items and products that you can sample before you buy that's right. You can try anything in the store before you shall
let any cash in by a whole bunch of it. And they have a knowledgeable staff to guide the success. So if you're on the atkins, the sugar
busters, the skackens, the southeast any low carb sugar free diet had for the lights of Westbokers, the number one low carb store in
America. Let them help you reach your important weight loss goals. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10 and you'll find the
lights of Westbok on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column toll free at 1 877 low carb.
That's what they W L O W C A R B on Web at slowcarb.com. Don't forget the lights of Westbokers. Only one and your official atkins retail center.
For a club that far I've listened to Ricky Martin repeatedly over and over.
Oh, you know what? I came from mine. I don't like blind bike bars. I'm looking for chocolate. I'm like closing tolerance. I'm a diabetic. Oh, sweet Jesus.
There's another one for Ricky Martin. Man, she is nasty looking.
28 till noon at 560 W. I bet then we get 100 votes. Oh, yeah, 150. This is going to be the fewest votes we ever got on a poll in the first
to part of the show. We had any point because what did I tend to be getting this part? They don't want anything to do it. Oh, we don't know
anything about that. Right. We wouldn't know a good looking guy. I think he came up and kissed us right on the lips. At any rate,
this fax that you just send me, this is pathetic. I mean, the response we're getting on rock off home run. You would think
that we just all of a sudden we struck the mother load here or something. We finally, after all of these years,
finally, it took me nearly 30 years in South Florida to find a topic that the South Florida people are really whipped up into a
frenzy about a walk off home run. This thing here, man, I wouldn't wish this on Heinrich Himmur or George W.
How do you like that? Or Rummy? God. What famous male living or dead is most overrated Estolosa?
We'll do the female starting and doing like I said, which we got so far in near Madonna. And who else we put on her?
Okay. A lot of guys would like to see how he's very close and personal, but not the facts.
Billy Bob Thornton 46. How can we don't put on the race car guy? Ryan Schwarz Ryan, whatever his name was.
The one that you sent me to picture? I know. I ran 111.
Joe and Schwarz. Canner Reeves 17, Bert Reynolds 15, James Dean, 10, Tom Cruise 7, David DeCovny 6, Owen Wilson 6,
Robert Redford 6, Tom Sallick's got a pair, Higgins seen him, and Paul Newman don't have any. Well, maybe I should take that back.
Paul Newman was back in the day. You know, the thing about walk off home run, I was just thinking during the break.
Yeah. No, no, seriously. Have you ever, I'm sure you've wondered this. Where do these expressions start?
You know what I mean? Like back in the day. And you tell me that's a black thing. I find that so.
Yeah. And it's been that way for a long time, like all of it, even in your days.
I mean, like back in the day. Yeah. A lot of these slaying terms that the kids pick up came from the black folks.
Really? Sure. Cool.
If you look real close, it's John Carrier says, Dan, you can actually see the scars on his neck from where they ripped the bolts up.
Oh, that's bad. I thought the bolts were on the forehead, weren't they? No, they're on his neck.
They're on Frankenstein's neck. Oh, yeah. I always thought they were on his forehead. I got to see that movie again.
The Frankenstein returned, the ghost of Frankenstein, the one they were previewing the drive and movie channel that you don't get.
So sorry about that. Chany and firing line overnight, Julian bribery claims.
Wouldn't this be great just before the election would be good on it. British lawyers emerging as a key witness in a $180 million
dollar bribery investigation that could lead to the indictment of US Vice President Dick Chaney.
Oh, last week US oil corporation Haliburton cut all ties with the former senior executive Albert Stanley.
After it emerged, he had received as much as $5 million in improper personal benefits as part of a $4 billion
dollar gas project in Nigeria. Haliburton also sacked a second consultant, William Chaudan,
a connection with bribery allegations. At the time of these alleged payments, Chany was the chief executive
of the corporation, the CE. Oh, French investigating magistrate, Renovon Rumbike, is examining the stream
of payments around the Bicconvirtual project, which was built during the regime of the late dictator, Sani Abacha.
Abacha, this could be trouble. The judges uncovered $180 million dollar web of payments channeled
through offshore companies and bank accounts. The Nigerian project to build a huge gas plant was
signed with an international consortium that included Haliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brown and Root,
Chaney retired from the chief executive post in 2000. Now, is that the same as Baby Root,
who hit a lot of wall walkoff home runs? I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again.
I just the more every time I say it, the more stupid it sounds to me. It's one of those things.
Yeah, well I'll stop facts of them when they stop facts of them. Oh, yeah, keep them coming.
Like I said, we finally struck them out the load after about 100 years. We finally put our finger
our right on it. Back them. Yeah, they're too. It's like the Y2K thing all over again. Yeah, exactly.
Oh, you're out of touch, Neil. You just don't get it. Oh, thank the Lord. I'm so glad to be out of touch with walkoff home runs.
WQI-M, hello. Hi, it's Neil here. Speaking. Hi, Neil. Has anybody
mentioned Patrick Swayze for your poll? That's a very good one. I like that. In fact,
I like John Cameron Swayze better than Patrick. Thanks a lot, Paul. I'm here.
I could say he looks like the kid from the liver and thrown up. There you go. In fact, I think he's over there
with the beesleaves right now. Thank you. Yeah, he's playing the banjo. He's strumming it in the banjo too.
Yeah, Patrick Swayze, what's the deal with him? Who's the other one who is the Disney guy who was in all the
Disney movies? Kurt Russell. Kurt Russell. There's another very ugly guy. He's married to Goldie Hanneau,
whom I like a lot. But he was also considered a real sex pod, very ugly guy. Kind of that backwoods
mug won't be kind of looking, you know? I'm trying to explain it because all the people, these guys
in our martial audience, they don't know anything about that. Although they do like guys who take a lot
of showers together. What? That's what the jocks do, man. They take showers together. They snap each
head running, ask for the towel. They chase each other around in a locker room, man. That's what all that
faggery is all about. That's why when you read all these stories about all this stuff going on
like over there in Abu Gharr, that's part of the American F and Wayman. You'd understand it.
Oh, I've seen it. I've been in the locker room. It's rampant faggery going on. Oh, and speaking of that,
I might as well use this story now because the military don't like all that faggery. Military
boots, 770 gays from its ranks, even with concerns going about military troop strength, 770 people
were discharged from homosexuality last year. The military don't acts, don't tell policy.
The figure, however, is significantly lower than the record 127 discharges in 2001 just before
the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq. Since Don't Ask, Don't Tell was adopted in 1994, nearly 10,000
military personnel have been discharged, including linguists, cummel linguists, nuclear warfare experts,
and other key specialists as well. The statistics obtained from the Defense Man Power Data Center
and analyzed by the Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military at the University
of California, Santa Barbara. Should I say that again? The Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities
in the Military at the University of California, Santa Barbara. I thought they were in a college world
series. Offers a detailed profile of those discharged, including jobs specialty, rank,
and year spend in the service, and you're on the audio. And it just goes on. The madness,
the insanity, the lunacy, the hate, because God didn't invent Adam and Steve. He invented Adam
and Eve, even what it was. Did you know that? No, I had. When you better get with the Lord,
mister, because you're going to burn in hell, man. You're going to rot for eternity if you
don't get with the Lord. Not me. I'm going to say it again. The religious people are at the root
of every evil, every curse, every crap that's going on in the world today. Not just militant
Muslims, militant everyone. Jews, goyem, you name it. They're religious people,
are the crazy people, they're the dangerous people. Let's then name them ours is what I say, okay?
Maybe they can invent some new gods up there, some no bubble maises for the Martians.
Just get out of our lives and leave us alone. Aerovi excuse to hate whether it's black people,
whether it's women, whether it's fags, whether it's Jews, whether it's whoever it is.
Aerovi excuse comes from religious sickness and twisted crap that man made garbage. Swill.
Have you any of them? Am I getting crossed here? No. Didn't think so. Let's get back to walk off
home runs. Huh? That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about.
I broadcast the hurricane. In fact, speaking of the colors world series, I was there five years in a row.
How do you like that, Josh? That's great. Five years in a row, I broadcast hurricane baseball,
which we culminated with a world series victory in 82, I believe it was,
beating Wichita State in the final game. And I don't recall anybody ever hitting any walkoff
home runs for the hurricanes. I remember Frank Cashter over hitting one or anybody on that team
hitting a walkoff home run. Well, then you missed out. Yeah. We better go back and do it all over again.
Let's let's go back to Omaha. What do you say? Great steak houses, man. I'm telling you you'd be
and the people there. Wow. Yeah. You would be shocked for it. No, it wasn't. Those corn fed midwestern looking
the guys. I know. Yeah. Been there. You have been there? Not in Omaha, but no. I know I know the
we want to go to Omaha. Believe me, that's the heart of it. I think it's all that good meat. They
19 till noon at 560 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business, payroll
administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management
or just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing and cover to help your business be more profitable.
Then let me forget about my boil. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free of
valuation tool free at 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 to 866 2747 with more than 60,000 employees
worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice
which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable for a free of valuation
column tool free 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 to 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
5 and a local 565 city. The rate is all yours.
You win.
President Bush expanded health care for children and cut taxes to stimulate the economy.
I don't like that. If I am elected president this will be an America that invites inflation
and recession and I have a plan to do so. George Bush has no plan. I will move America
in a new direction. There will erode any recovery and threaten the prospect of lasting prosperity
in our nation. In the blink of an eye, millions of families struggling to pay higher health
care costs, higher college tuition, trillions in deficits over the next decade. If I am president
that is the new direction that I will set for our budget and for our economy. Thank you very, very
much.
Good, good, good.
1145 15 to noon at 560 WDQM. Here's one of the good choice. Too bad I won't get any votes
because the time's almost up for the polls. John Wayne. Yeah, he was a nasty looking dude.
But don't tell him. I see that's bad. Our sports enthusiast, the audience out there,
they're not going to be happy with that. You don't mess with a Duke, I tell you.
Although he didn't win our most overrated actor pool. Yeah, I think he did.
Now I like this fact. Now you probably don't understand what maybe you do.
Walkoff home run equals Go Homer.
I know what Homer means. Yeah, Homer Simpson or Homo. No, Go Homer. See, I thought about that for
about three seconds. I sure is how like Go Homer a lot better than Walkoff home run.
It's a Go Homer because now we all go home. Josh, do you understand that? I do. Don't you like that? No.
See, your problem is that you're a puss that's brainwashed by these morons. I don't know where the
antichrist is, but I do know where he is. I don't know who he is. I don't know what he is.
The Chupa Cabo de la Sainte, but they definitely both can be found at ESPN. Those are the evil
doers. If Bush wants to find evil doers, they'll be in VAD ESPN studios at about 10 o'clock
tonight. It doesn't like Homer because it sounds too much like Homo. Always that one it is.
I'm on maybe a swimming. Maybe that's the problem.
Thomas V. Griffith, President Bush's nominee for the Federal Appeals Court in Washington,
has been practicing law in Utah without a state law license for the past four years,
according to Utah State officials.
Griffith, the general counsel for Brigham Young University since August 2000,
had previously failed to renew his law license in Washington for three years, while he was a lawyer
based in the district. It was a mistake he attributed to an oversight by his law firm staff, but
that Lapson's DC license reported earlier this month by the Washington Post subsequently
prevented Griffith from receiving a law license in Utah when he moved there. While don't confuse him
with the facts, under Utah law, Griffith's only option for obtaining a state license was to
take and pass the state bar exam, and Arduous Test the lawyers tried to take only once. He applied
to sit for the exam, but never took it. Utah Bar officials confirmed. Utah State Bar will require
all rules, require all lawyers practicing law in the state to have a Utah law license. There
is no general exception for general counsels or corporate counsels. Lawyers who practice only
federal law or whose work is solely administrative can avoid the requirement in some cases. A lawyer
who specializes in legal ethics had gripped its two licensing lapses, should disqualify him from a
lifetime appointment to one of the nation's most important federal benches second order to the
supreme court. This is the kind of slime bag that El President wants to put on the federal courts.
Of course we know there's no lawyers in Utah, right? Well, absolutely no way. They're all good
Mormons out there. They're all good religionists. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We might as well start building the other one
right now. We'll leave this one on here till, uh, because there's no point putting in more names
on our right. What do you mean by that? Well, that's the new break anyway, right?
What famous male living or dead is most overrated as to looks? What do we got so far? Not a lot of
votes. 169 because God forbid that because it's probably monitoring your vote. And if you vote that
means you've got an opinion on this and you're not supposed to have an opinion if you're a good red
blooded American who understands walkoff home run or tracing the cookies. See, that's why I don't
understand it because us fags. We don't understand that sports lingo, you know. We understand about
showering together and slapping each other and he has with a towel. But other than that, that's
about where it ends. Sports! Right at your end. Beckham. Billy Bob Thornton 64. Now whoever said he
was good looking. Angelina. Oh, how sad. Yeah. Kiano Reeves 24. Tom Cruise 23. Bert Reynolds,
she's got 19. James Dean 14. Owen Wilson 7. Big don't have any. David DeCovid 7. Robert Redford
6. Tom Selec 2. Patrick Swayze 2. Kurt Russell's got one. John Wayne 1. And Paul Newman doesn't
have any. I should probably retract that. I wonder what Paul is. Can I apologize to who to talk?
The reason I said that is because we've only seen him like the last time in the years now.
Not 30, man. 130 years old since he's been 100. We've seen these like craggy and like, oh,
that's so sad. I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people. It's not crazy about seeing
these showbiz celebrities that we haven't seen for a long time. And then all of a sudden you see
them and you think, oh my god. Look at that. It's like a fried prune on a head. You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know. I got a great column here, man. I would have read it, but I'm not going to do it.
What are? It's not over the weekend. Okay. I'm just going to because it's too long. It's five pages long.
Five long pages long. I'm not doing it. All right. Don't. But remember, I talked a long time ago
about a book that I thought I read. And then I decided maybe I should write it, but I don't,
I can't write books. They're dumbing down of America. Part one of two. Right. Oh, I saw that.
By manual valence, well, access to logic. I put it on our website and you've seen it. So we saw
over the weekend. Sure. This is so. Can I read just the first paragraph or two? It doesn't say anything
about walkoff home runs, though, which I think he left that out. Who cares about it? I think that's
when we started going to Helen a hand basket is when some jackass on sports center made up that
expression walkoff home run. I keep saying it. And every time I say it, I just want to spit blood.
I want to open up another boy. I don't have any other ones. Don't let me forget to tell that. Oh,
I won't. But I'll do it in the new hour when people are going to be eating because it's disgusting.
But now there might be some people out there that might have a boil. Yeah, there might be. Right.
When you think for a fact, well, there are a lot of people get a boil. If you dive better,
you're prone to getting more boils or if you're like, I don't know, my way to get a boy.
An exciting boil story that he can share with you. I didn't know Dave Hagen was Jewish. How could you not?
I never checked. How could I not? That name doesn't sound. I mean, David is a Jewish name.
But Hagen don't sound Jewish. He didn't notice the star David bigger the hub cap on his neck.
I never really looked that close. David's a great guy. He's a good job. He's a nice looking guy.
No matter fact, he's a man. He's a good guy. Right. I mean, but I never knew he was a Jew. I mean,
of course, Jews and Jocks. It's all we got. A Q.A.M. Got to say that. There's nothing else. I mean,
let me name me one boy that we have on a staff that isn't that isn't the Jock. Rex Jock. Oh, I know
the big. Oh, yeah, but he's our token spick. Oh, we don't know. We haven't asked him. Have we? He could
have wrestled in like college. He had to be a wrestler with his conscience, man. He's not, you know,
I heard what he said there at the end of the show. He's filling this morning for Joe and about how
Neil Rogers coming up next been a ripy for next two hours. First of all, I wouldn't spend two
hours talking about you big. You're a nice guy. It's not personal. It's business. Okay. You're
taking this very personal. It's business. You don't belong on the air. You know, who else we
used to have on the year long time ago, way back in the back in the day. Still gots. He was a good guy.
Nobody did less than God. John and his weir. But he, he belonged on the air like my men pin
belongs on here. And he's been dead for a year and a half. I mean, there's no point in it, you know?
So you can feel bad. I don't want to make you feel bad. It's just I wish somebody would listen to
me, but he doesn't belong on here. Hankelt had the same thing. Not only is he got a annoying
sound. He has no personality. He's like like a like a voice of a dead man with like a little bit
of a Spanish accent to it, but he doesn't know what he's talking about. I can't wait for
Smarty Jones to try to avenge that loss by running next year's Derby. If he actually said that,
I mean, that's that's got to be that that I would walk away. I would walk off. Just walk away.
A walk away home run. If he actually said he can't wait for Smarty Jones to defend his
title in the triple crown races again next year at any rate. How about that cat manzy at Woodbine
on Saturday? How about you were excited about that? Hmm? Who? Something is a miss in the great
nation called America says this article. Aminus sirens warning this reality can be heard
emanating loudly through invisible winds of change circulating our towns and cities.
The American people are being strangulated. Unbeknownst to the masses to being transformed
in condition, becoming the entity the elite have long sought the combination of decades of
social engineering, designed to make hundreds of millions of slaves at times passed in the
automotons of the future. Yet in this present day we find ourselves in the struggling to comprehend
a world gone mad, unable to discern the direction we're headed in or the inevitable course time
is guiding us on. It's because of what's been done to us and is presently being done to our
children that we failed to comprehend the severity of the road that lies ahead. Quite successual
have the elite become and shifting the balance of power from the masses to themselves.
How one might wonder is this been accomplished especially when we are the many and they are the few.
It is through the dumbing down of America the methodical destruction and purposeful elimination
of the means by which a society educates and enlightens itself. Education what's that?
It's enough to make us all want to walk off. Anyway it's a long article it's on our websites from
when I have down there I guess Saturday. Something like that over the weekend. Right.
It's manual valence. I thought he pitched for the Dodgers Josh. Manual valence.
Well, he was well. Yeah. Yeah. In fact he also was pretty good hitter. He had to walk off
the home run for the Dodgers. It's the last at bat of his career. What a way to go out.
Is it go high? I do like that. Go home.
Hit a go home or in the bottom of the tent? Why in the home run? See you're laughing at that.
Why is that less laughable than walk away a home run? Go home. I mean that's actually something
that happens. The home team wins. Go home happy. It's a go home. That's a great expression.
Well maybe you started something. No I didn't start it. Whoever facts that
it started something. I'm taking credit for it. I'm on a plagiarist like Castanova. He'll
probably be talking about it tomorrow. Go home. Oh, something like that. BAAAMING. Yeah.
Wow. Anyway, let's wrap this turkey up. I'm sorry I apologize for this first poll but it's just
I totally wouldn't get squat because number one we don't have we have no women listening. That's
to get that by the end by 10.30 Billy Bob Thornton 69 which famous male livinger that is most
overrated as to looks. Kiana Reeves 25 Tom Cruise 24 Bert Reynolds 21 James Dean 15 Owen Wilson
9 David DeCovney 8 Robert Redford 6 Patrick Sleazy 5 Tom Selec 2 Kurt Russell's got a pair.
Paul Newman wanted to finally got one and John Wayne one. Now Paul Newman didn't belong on
it. He was a very handsome guy back in the day but it's 100 years ago okay. Okay. We don't
remember that one. Remember the craggy old the ancient Paul Newman can't on those jars of a spaghetti
saw. Cool hand Luke. Yeah he was good looking. So I apologize. That would be like putting Robert
Wagner on it. I'm going to tell you Robert Wagner. Of course you know him from like Austin Powers.
No, no, no, no, no, no, it takes a thief. No, no, no, no, I'm talking about way back in the day.
Back in the day. I've seen it. Man. You really? Well, draw me a picture of it.
All right. Coming right up. 1156 four minutes. Oh and then what the hell are the hunting of
the president book, the coniston book and the movie which is now all this crap about Kathleen
Willie and the Stephs they made up about the Clintons penis and Miss Drudge put it on the website
all of this balloon. Oh god. But I'm not going to go into all of that right now. Okay because like
that article I was just reading said the public's being brainwashed in their lap and it up. They're
ready to walk off right now. 1157 at 560 WQA. You know with the heat of summer here now it's a great
time to get out of the car. You've been driving get into a new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota homestead
on US one 20 minutes out to the 836. They're well worth the drive because they'll save you thousands
on great new Toyota's with rising gas prices. Maybe you want to car with more fuel economy and the
legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11 990. Release it for just 209 a month. Need a great
Toyota for that college or high school graduate? How about the Toyota Echo? At least priced it
just 199. Need a truck the V6 Toyota Tundra regular cab can be released for just 239 a month.
Looking for the hottest new cars around? Check out the Corolla XR and Solarra convertible now in
stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Armstrong Toyota homestead is locally owned and operated. They
treat you like family they're committed to a 100% customer satisfaction their service department is
even open late to late. We'd nights to make sure your service work is done. And these folks were the
first dealers in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life now they're the first to
offer free replacement parts for life you heard me right tires batteries and free parts for life
nobody else know where it does that so forget about those mega dealers and their screaming car
spots you hear on the radio go do the right thing see David Rich the GM and Armstrong Toyota homestead
today drive a little and save a ton on your great new Toyota only an Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M get a lot of the attention the Bonzo boy got this you
don't like Reagan but he was a dad he was a bum where they don't know about it. Well I got stories
about that child of it we go way back to the days when nice clean people ate nice clean food
I was working in the comments are you know what about his life I can post all the big stars with it
that he may offer for being total they beto French are done and that good role play in
punk Nigg Reagan well he came into the comments are you see while I was talking
you know that Carol and Barton I had her I make a pack of cigarettes all your horses
Polly I got a very important customer over here you had Karen number why sure I had it but she was
the only product I could find around here it didn't have muddled skin and she trimmed it of course
he had to use pruning she is adjusters show you that I got a hot that I ain't all business she was
the best piece I had to get off the dime just he's able to pay by with shiny wooden deep in his bed just
give me a pack of cigarettes and stuff shooting off your mouth look pal I got a lot of trade here why
should I worry about the poop itself I'm a bum like you listen smart guy one more crack out of
you and I'll spare you all over the joint you hear yeah wasted your time I don't like your face
get up you am I wasting my time am I
next time you see you better cross over to the other side of the street it'll be healthier for you
remember that
I'm not getting this down
from all three at five sixty wm happy Monday to you let's see here's the first pull
208 votes 208 votes we can get that with a transmitter turned off that's a hundred no
well they just they don't like it what famous mayor livinger that is most overrated as to
looks they don't they have no opinion Billy Bob Thornton 75 can't arrive twenty seven
Tom Cruise he's got twenty six Bert Reynolds the 21 for her James Dean 17 Owen Wilson 11 David
the Coveney eight Patrick sleazy eight Robert record seven Kurt Russell three Tom Sellecks
got a pair Paul Newman one and John Wayne the Duke Scott one he went on there very late
but he would have been done great if we'd have put him on sooner okay now we switch it time to
switch what famous female livinger dead is most overweight dead is to look so we got Madonna
Halle Berry somebody said which I mean again is most overrated as to looks so they must think
she's really skanky because most is the operative word in there but again you know like you said
just a list of names name some well known females right they will like Rosio Donnelly
somebody I'm sure think she's really hot I can't imagine what in the summer she's hot
now I would imagine especially one of those big pits and cottage cheese thighs oh my god
the holy moly go forget about Larry King on his depends oh I won't five six seven also let me tell
my real quick I don't want to make a big deal on this but I did say it for lunchtime for those
people that are trying to lose weight this might like curia wait for everybody strawberry yogurt
fruit on the ball no no people have boils I'm not the first person in the world I ever had a boil
never Milton Boyle sure on my back now years ago I think the first time this baby sprouted was
1984 about 20 years ago give her take and it of course it all depends on where it sprouts now
where do they usually pop up on your ass on your ass a lot of money yeah sure and anyway this one's
on my back kind of like just a little be beyond the side on the back on the corner of your back
if there's such a thing as the corner of your back and I had this thing and kept it a little
bit bigger a little bit bigger one day decided you know it's not the kind of thing that hurts you
want to go to the doctor for it be like some kind of a pansy like like that and so I being
great creative I took a needle of some kind some kind of like a sewing needle and I sat in the
bathroom on the edge of by the sink and I kind of like turned to the side and poked that baby like
like that and then given a squeeze and all over the all of it and here is this mess now I realized
that to describe the blood and the pus at length would be over and over the top and over and
above the call of duty but was it green no the pussing talking about no the pus was white now the
thing that's really disgusting and you're trying to you're trying to get me into a discussing this
at length which I don't want to do and I should look like little bits of lard because it's been
inter for so long because this is the third time I've squashed this if I can say
slow and it does heal up for it's doing very nicely now you'll be pleased to know you have to squeeze
and and every time you squeeze it it was a whole bunch more and a nasty little bits of that
pus and blood was like crystallizing it was a regulating it was crystallizing quite you're just
trying to get rid of his wife and any rate the stink I can't I can't begin to describe you in
the part if you would open up the thruzeless tomb right now I guarantee that he smells a lot better
than whatever came out of my back that was the nastiest bunch of crap it was just brutal but again
now there's some people out there who are real real a wussies you know they're all I'm gonna go to
the doctor for that why would you go to the doctor for a boil how would you do your self yeah right
it's more fun doing it by yourself all depending on what it is you know you can reach it
yeah run Jeremy says he has trouble reaching there you go all over the mirror all over the walls
all over your sink in the bathroom see you're in the bathroom anyway you got a sink right there
you clean up the mess you take a little uh that spray crappiest spray you know I'll make it
smell a little bit better in there let's try to take it a picture no thanks you believe me you
wouldn't want to see that you'd pose that you'd rather look at the severed head of those pictures
there than look at the mess from my boil so that just goes to show it's another one of them things
that the Lord created just to make life a look another one that was a test that he gives us all
the time what was one of the plagues wasn't it the v-jip the plague of the boils that's absolutely
correct and if you don't watch it five six seven oh five sixty pound five six now let's see if we
get some response in this one with the females or maybe not go to QA and hello hi Neil and George
are you yes sir pretty good sir got the names for you for the bowl some names and for Nick and I am
a fact yeah um now one now street mirror street okay thank you thank you
mirror street now somebody thinks she's hot I don't know I haven't met them yet I think she's
occasionally an actress I mean once in a while not usually but once in a great while she's an actress
prigg yeah volition of pig right or have a sandwich Merrill come on five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what famous female living or dead is most
overrated as to looks somebody QA and hello hi Neil yes ma'am yes I don't have one for your
poll but I'm a little suspicious about these beheadings they always seem to happen when there's
bad news about the Bush administration Nicholas Burd was beheaded when the obu
grub prison scandals were probably obu grub rap yeah and then this week we had the 9-11
commission saying that there was no connection between Saddam and al-Qaeda and they behead Paul
Johnson oh my god it's a severed head I was I was wondering why the Bush administration does
it not track down the location of the terrorist websites you know when they actually find
terrorists there how do you track down a location of a website well you can't find where the
computers are located how do you do that well it seems that they're able to find a pedophiles
and stuff through their computers yeah so why wouldn't they be able to do the same thing with the
terrorist websites but aren't the aren't the people that they're tracking down like the pedophiles
like on on lines through services that they can they can trace well wouldn't the George I don't know
but I think that's how they do it there are ISPs here in America exactly they subpoena the information
so there wouldn't be a server that they could track for the there there there might be but but
you do you think that by the time they got the information they went knocking on the door that
they're going to be sitting inside with their little uh their little computers their little PCs
have it it out well maybe not but it seems like they could be doing more to uh well they
they could be doing a lot more they could have got a rid of all of these slime balls if we wouldn't
have wasted the uh the billion a hundred of billions of dollars that were wasting in a rack and
a hundred of billions that we haven't even spent yet of course they could have and thank you very
much if you just click on the link contact us at the terrorist website it gives you their address
there you go Julia Roberts is all teeth and bones oh poor Julia I wish he's got some teeth anyway
yeah and bones too from what I hear back in the day I might have said something about that but
I still need the job back in the day 5 6 7 0 5 60 punt largely I better vote for somebody now we
adding some of these names on here or on there why and why doesn't say the pull is down Eric
we're ready baby we're ready I got it to rock and roll let's let Eric make a whole bunch of
money up there in Orlando just leave us alone okay refresh it on your end because my pull is up
oh thank god for that well that's a good sign I didn't know Josh and you got that tight
let's see Madonna Halle Berry Merrill Street Julia Roberts that's what we got so far I got to say
Madonna because I can't imagine that anybody thinks that she looks like she is nasty man she is
grotesque in every sense of the world you don't agree I agree wholeheartedly holy moly man
we talked about a sales job she is one of the greatest marketers in the history of mankind she
has petal garbage to the public and made herself into this thing bigger than life based on what
is it her singing no her looks no her dancing no her ass nothing god
wta qaam hello yeah I'm calling to have somebody to hold go right ahead
Renee Zellweger good choice okay got it thanks who now's that she was most recently in cold
mountain where she did a very good job and she's a very good actress but mediocre looking at best
and they always say how hot she is I'll tell you who else is ought to be on this list Amber Smith
all right no I agree she's not she is I don't look I don't care what you say maybe back in the
day she was really beautiful although I saw some of the pictures from back in the day and to me she
didn't I I wouldn't give her a second look if I was as straight as an arrow I would look at her
uh well if you paid me she does have kind of that Rita Hayworth look and I wasn't all impressed by her
no I wasn't either Rita Hayworth was like you know that was in the era how about most of those
women from that era right how about Jane Wyman Reagan's first wife okay rest in pieces how about
Jane Wyman was she attractive nobody's gonna know who that is anymore yeah how about most of
those actresses back in that era most of them were not real attractive weren't sex pots
Greta Garbo you think she was beautiful god no me west may west look like a man I
I see a lot of guys who are more feminine and she is a barrel body tub exactly well put 1213 at 560 QAM
coming up tonight on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
he hit it big with a song about supernatural paranoia and has never been heard from again coincidence
you decide about rock well rockwell's falling off the face of the earth is shrouded in controversy
80s music expert runny expert singing back up on somebody's watching me was none other than
Michael Jackson there are those who say that after the recording session Michael asked rockwell for a
sleepover incredible but true well not really true what words spreading as a horrible potentially
libel as rumor germane Jackson has always insisted that rockwell was never touched inappropriately
by Michael unless you define inappropriate as being forced to wear underrues while being
fondled under the star wars dead sheets and manipulated with an electric pacifier what the hell is an
electric pacifier I don't know I just don't know rockwell one things for sure ain't nobody watching or
touching him now it's a big juicy stopping with look at show business tonight on inside of behind
1217 at 560 W. come I got the mad dog at two we got the Humber at four from Shula State two of my
legs and then at seven o'clock we got the world's here college world series baseball maybe
somebody will hit a walkoff home run we can only hope percans in cal state forward and that's at
seven o'clock eighty-k after the baseball game with social games for whatever reason why does college
baseball go on so long why does games like three and a half four hours some time why is that
the score like ten runs per team is that what it is or maybe it's those aluminum bats maybe that's
the thing and then any any K follow the game with a walkoff show believe you me you you listen to
it and you walk off I'm obsessed with it now I just can't get it out of my mind because it's so
stupid you know you got to make up for last time it's time it's kind of like like yeah like that
once you say it don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't
you know what I mean I'm listening there you go
by the way Kelly you're the Chigger in the Woodpod you're the odd man out okay squeaky you're going
good luck with the Panthers and I hate to break the news to you squeaky but there ain't no
season coming up this year oh geez Maryland Monroe somebody said did we do this pull recently
or my hallucinating it's uh we did it differently similar but not not not a match in the board
goes back well that's good Maryland Monroe yeah she uh no I guess we just discussed that the fact
that she uh you know actors and actresses oh that that's right not looking but
facial I mean from the neck down she was flawless I would imagine never saw all of it fine I did
from the chin down she played a mean chin ball is what I'm hearing but at any rate from the chin up
not so great she was she was okay but again everything is the cell it's the sizzle it's the cell
it's the hype man the world is all about a hype you can take something so freaking mediocre
and hype it and hype it oh my god this isn't the greatest thing since hall of law you know
and it turns out to be cravit it's like with food yeah the food products that they promote and
you go to the store you buy the stuff and you bring it home and it tastes like like my boil
man you can't imagine that a role my I hope that in all of you I'm speaking for the entire
audience in your lifetime you never smell anything I'm imagining tapioca putting with strawberry jam
that's exactly what it smells like five six seven oh five sixty I mean keep keep thinking about
the fact that this stuff this festering losing mess right a person blood has been festering
their inside your body for in my case years I can't remember the last time that I puncture that
thing you know I got it all out and of course I'm wondering how come it keeps coming back and
somebody's gonna say well if you'd have gone to the doctor and had it drained the right way
I don't agree with that you know what you know what pus is what is it it's it's bacterial issue
it's bacterial tissue and no the issue it's issue it's you know bacteria is that like government
issue bacteria eats nutrients and they expel waste and that's what pus is oh lovely yeah
no extra charge for this during your lunch hour folks five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T line wkym hello hello yes sir George yeah oh you got a couple for your
pull okay see I'm not doing that I'm not playing that game anymore no I'm no I'm glad he thought
it was you because I'm not playing that game anymore what famous female not a couple not a pair
not a few not several not a couple of dozen not 30 30 I got 10 for you what famous female living
or dead is the most overrated as a one out why do they do that is it just to piss us off as it
just because they're retarded which we already have look how many names they can name
my name your whole bunch of names how about imaging coca all right
Phil's dealer there you go
Rose and bar
god oh my god I got a few for Niels pull
WQA am hello hey Neil yes sir I'm gonna go with
parasillin is excellent thank you for a fabulous choice thank you so much
all right and yeah yeah was he gone did I cut him off that's what happens when I press that
thing but it was a walkoff call oh yeah it was it was a walkoff for the field call walkoff home run my
ass now does Dave Van Boring say that yeah oh my god no wonder if so oh that's what this is all
about in a desperate attempt to be creative and exciting holy cow it's a walkoff home run oh man
give me a break can you imagine the sound of Dave Van Boring having an orgasm
yeah that's it that's about as exciting even without hot looking wife that everybody's
always raven about that's probably what is exciting is it ever gets in the van like that you know
in fact ever see him and John Kerry together same person oh well Kerry's got better here man oh man
Dave you are so bored why why not just hang it up okay why not just walk away just walk away
would be a really good idea let boog that's the boogster do it because like I said it's
said to rub off on boog now and we got an exciting team that a few people actually care about
especially when they give away some free crap WQAM hello QAM hello let's go for three WQAM
yeah Neil yes sir okay there I can't pick a barger oh man okay she'll win she'll win thanks yeah
we did do this I think two years ago queen witch she always wins these Sarah Jessica Parker
despised by virtually all what what does that keeps her going she's Jewish oh that must be it
oh five six seven oh five five sixty that keeps Dave Hagen going I'm just amazed that he's Jewish
and it doesn't look Jewish in oil when he had his beard do you you missed it when he grout his hair
and his beard and he had to hold Jesus look going yeah see Robert Grieper I can see his
Jewish I know that because he's a nebush right in order to really be a nebush you must be Jewish
like Arnold's staying you know Woody Allen Woody Allen the definitive nebushes all are Jewish don't
ask me why but if you invent the word you know you're gonna have to do a B1 like mighty corn or
they're all fixed Madonna look at that she's got 21 that was my choice highly unbelievably now she
and Sarah Jessica Parker are probably gonna battle it out Madonna 21 Julia Roberts 15 Merle Street's
eight Renee Zellberger four Paris Hilton three Merle and Monroe two Sarah Jessica Parker's got one
but she'll start zooming up and Rosmeth don't have any and Halle Berry doesn't have any I don't
that guy must have he maybe got turned down or maybe he's got the hots for Dave Justice that might
be it although I'll be honest with the Dave Justice back in the day he was about as pretty as Halle
Berry but you'll have to take my word on it he's a good looking guy with a crappy attitude by the way
real nasty attitude and from what you hear got a hostile attitude toward women why is it that so
many male athletes have got that hostile attitude toward women gay it's part it's part of the culture
it's got nothing to do with gay it's got to do with that culture oh it's women hate man love yeah
like that and thank God that he wouldn't wear those ugly as Bruno Molly shoes thank the Lord for
the national inquiry baby although last Thursday's edition really sucked but it can't be great every
week but thank God for the inquiry they're the ones who dug up that picture him out on the football
field wearing those exact same shoes I mean how is this possible I have to wander to myself I want to
be cautious the way that I say this but you know what's going through my mind because he lives right
there in Kendall here is a man who murdered two people in cold blood okay and yet for some strange
reason he keeps walking around you see what I'm saying yeah I don't understand why why somebody
somewhere down there because we got a lot of hostile angry people in South Florida as you well know
it's not the world's most pleasant place and yet this piece of human excrement continues walking around
on the loose the juice and it keeps bragging about what is gigantic evil about his new TV show it's
about a seven or eight on a scale of ten you're gonna get juiced yeah you ought to get juiced okay
that a strap in old sparky and crack it up one last time up there in a stark one last time for you
juice I mean you talk about an open and shut case that's what they were talking about on king yeah
in what he was changing is a defense they were talking about how open and shut it was that all
the DNA evidence and this this baloney about well they mishandled the evidence and they showed
conclusively that even though there was other blood on the counter it was like several feet away
there was no chance there no chance that that evidence was contaminated in addition to which you
can't contaminate you can't make blood that isn't a match into one you know I mean but like
proof we're gonna like contaminated and all of a sudden it's gonna match his yeah we can't
can't be done did it jury and the people that I blame the most and then the whole eagle said oh
and if you would have seen oh my goodness it was on court TV they had a whole day during my vacation
did you see any of that no a whole day that they devoted the trial and all the evidence and they
they had interviews with that jury and I'm gonna tell you I don't want to get into a racial
thing but if you could have seen some of the I heard some of those jurors I did after the fact they
interviewed Charlie and Mory yeah his peers wow no no some of them some of them there were there's one
black lady was very articulate very bright even though I think she's full of crap but but there
was there were a couple of them who were just the dumber than a box of rocks so this whole idea
of justice with a jury system is such garbage you know I know and the people that I blame people
with no conscience Johnny Cochrane there and Shapiro and and Flea Bailey have another drink please
and and of course Barry Dreck those are the people that I blame they don't care about justice all
they care about is grabbing as much money as they can and you know putting on this dog and ponies show
for a stupid jury it was uh talk about injustice 27 past noon if I and then of course it makes
me think about that golf tournament at a QIM that they stuck me with and I think we're screw
an winnick and sand and Greg Reed and others brought uh OJ in Flea man from California see there should
have been a big lawsuit then I was joking about it in the hall and ducked out all paranoid oh Greg
it's a suit I should have sued their ass for millions I could be sitting on the beach right now
having a great time yeah bringing him in there to be smurched the charity and my name and all
that Chris the fact that the broad from the charity went and got his autograph that didn't help
she she no longer works there I know as you know yes
why would anybody want his autograph why why does anybody want anybody's autograph including mine
but why would anybody want his autograph that's my real question on a confession maybe can you
explain that to me no no I can't I mean he basically what he did was he committed to walk off murders
when you say I know I think you ran away well kind of well it's easy when you got those good
Bruno Molly shoes those ugly ass ones right hey if your carpets are kind of ugly as these days
because they're full of schmutz even if you don't know what that means here's the answer for you
call dry concepts today and sanitize your entire home dry concepts has got certified technicians
you can trust in your home I've been trusting them for over 20 years in my homes and they'll dry
clean your carpet same ideas dry clean your clothing stains go away and they don't come back so be
aware of those five ninety five-per-room scams they know rip off no games that they just don't play
the deal at the dry concepts because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they
even start doing the job your carpets when they get done looking smell just like brand new they're
limiting fresh they're drying a couple of hours so you really can clean the date and entertain
that when you call dry concepts with over 20 years of fantastic service in South Florida they're
the people you ought to trust here's the and by the way when you call ask them to put you
understand by list they can save you an extra 15% off they're already low price and making your
carpets look just like brand new here's their toll free number column once you'll never use
anybody again call 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com
Just buy Jaquere.
There's a different photo
I'll tell you this chick is one wacky bra.
Lobs in rehab, dogs in rehab.
Once again it looks like art, me's gone bad.
This one's not the same.
This time she's going in for cocaine.
Lobs in rehab, dogs in rehab.
A whole house looks like a camostry lab.
The one that die in vain.
Like her hubby, Kurt Cobain.
Try, try, try to clean your atom.
You really ought to.
Try, try, try to you could say goodbye.
To your sweet daughter loves in rehab, dogs in rehab.
She's not into it or it's tailed time.
She'll have, or in the loony bin.
She loves co, she loves that co,
She loves co, can have a win.
She can quit.
Top 35, 25 to what at 560 WQM.
What famous female living her dead is the most overrated estaloge,
Judy Robert 26.
Madonna 26, we got a flat footed ass tie.
26 apiece.
But, so are Jessica Parker's movement of fascius on her ass 18,
Merle Street 15, Purysoulton 12,
Renee Zellberger 8, Merle and Monroe 3,
none yet for Amber Smith or Halle Burry.
So I guess they like your picture today on the behind-the-beaten curtain Amber Smith.
Right, it's not to like.
I mean, you know, they're all my favorites, Amber.
I don't know, she looks awfully pasty to me, really pasty.
Yeah.
No, I'll paste something.
567 05 60, pound 560 on the 18 and T in Purysoulton Marlott's line WQM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about your chick, Nancy Gray?
Nancy Gray, say anybody thinks she's hot?
I guess probably some people do.
Maybe Mad Dog likes her.
Nancy Gray's from court TV.
That was one of the sad parts having to watch that whole thing I had.
They was watching these people like her.
But I overlooked that because they were just ripping OJ and ass.
And that was a...
A rice high five in the set.
Just the makes your blood purled, don't it?
That's American, man.
It's the American idiotic way.
Oh, speaking of that, Republican Bakery's of a constitutional amendment to ban
same-sex marriage have set a Senate vote for mid-July, just weeks before the Democratic
National Convention in Boston, a vote could put some Democratic senators into an embarrassing
bind.
But Colorado Republican Wayne Allard, the Measures Chief Sponsor, denied the timing
was political, right?
He said they released 11 pending court cases on the issue around the country.
We must not stand still when the courts are being used to challenge and distort the
civilization's oldest, most venerable social institution, he said.
But the suspicion that the vote is about politics was added to by the fact that a constitutional
amendment takes a two-thirds vote, even Bakers acknowledged it as of now, they don't
have that.
But they just try to put some of the Democrats in, put the pressure on them because most
of them are spineless and gutless anyway.
And speaking of that, a campaign to compel the vice presidents lesbian daughter to oppose
a proposed ban on gay marriage is launching its first internet ad today.
A series of simply animated cartoon panels features stick figures of Mary Cheney and Vice
President Dick Cheney.
One image reads, Dick's daughter sold out to help Dick run again.
And when you see Dick run, Chesem.
The storyline refers to Mary Cheney's job as director of vice presidential operations
for the Bush Cheney Relection campaign.
She held a public role as her father's assistant in the 2000 campaign and helped the GOP
recruit gay voters during the 2002 midterm elections.
How do you like that?
She's been less visible this year while traveling with the vice president or working at
campaign headquarters in Arlington, Virginia.
They got that dyke stuffed in the closet right now.
A big one, I understand.
They've clearly made the decision to keep her in a closet for this campaign.
Said John Avro, Avrovosis, who in February launched the web-based campaign, deermary.com
which started running the ad on Friday.
They clearly understand the contradiction between having a dyke lesbian that is run
the vice president's campaign at the same time they want to bash gazing the Constitution.
What a bitch, what a foamy, just like Ronnie Reagan, Jr., they're the ballet dancer, that
bitch.
Who the hell are you people kidding?
Come out whenever you are.
Wherever you are, we're hiding under the bed in a closet in the tea room, drilling a glory
holes there at Westland.
Oh, by the way, it was in the paper while during vacation.
That's that.
In the Sun, similar to Harold about the all the big bust of the tea room near at the Westland.
I guess it wasn't JC Penny's though, I think it was Bird Eye, so I think they moved
down a hall a little bit.
Your people with the pneumatic drills.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I am from the Oh, welcome back.
Yes, man, thank you.
I would like to put my vote in for Nicole Kidman.
Yeah, I don't get it.
That woman is Casey and harsh looking.
I mean, you can, I mean, yeah, I don't get it.
Maybe Tom thought it was a guy.
I don't know.
I mean, you can barely see her.
You know, she turned sideways.
She's gone.
She's always on the beautiful list, but I look at her and I say, I don't get it.
I'm going to be with you.
Thanks.
Bye.
Nicole Kidman, got it.
We got it.
Madonna, she's hanging on tough, man.
31.
And keep in mind, like I said, if you want to be grossed out, the Dennis Robbins factor,
just always keep that in mind.
We were talking about that last week.
When we were talking about her religion, yeah, the worm, that wicked worm, man, the
worm that turns everything bad.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, your, uh, oil.
The reason it comes back is the cyst and you need to see a doctor.
Assist?
Yeah, it's a cyst that makes it sick.
Yeah.
And that's what it is.
That's why it keeps coming back.
So I need to go get it done one.
They cut it open and they take it out.
They cut it open.
Yes, they cut it.
It cuts it down.
Yeah, it's going to be coming back to you.
Have that done.
Okay, I'll go do it this week.
I have fun.
Thanks, pal.
Boy, I was like that.
It's a cyst, you believe that?
Sure.
Why not?
I wish I had a recurring coil that was a cyst.
Don't get it cut out.
What will you do for fun next year?
Yeah, that's true.
Plus, after why do you start, you know, that aroma starts getting the enjoyed.
You know what I mean?
You say plus or plus.
I said plus, plus, fuel.
So it's a cyst.
I guess after the show, I got some homework to do.
I better start looking up cyst on the internet and get an assist with my cyst.
You got a homocyst thing.
Yeah, I got a cyst.
1241 at 560 WQM.
Are you sick?
Is this sick entirety or PC being attacked by browser pop up windows being watched by
spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers?
The easiest way to deal with those bugs is get a Macintosh from MacCenter, the Apple specialist
in Fort Lauderdale.
The Macintosh is built on an entirely different basis than Windows, so all these PC pests just
can't hurt the Mac.
The technology experts at MacCenter can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac,
with thousands of programs available and putting ones you're already used to like Microsoft
Word and Excel.
They'll even take your old computers to trade in.
So, make the change today by calling MacCenter at 954-486-5500.
You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPod anywhere else in software because MacCenter
is home of the 5% rebate on every purchase.
Come in for June 30th.
530, man.
To register to win the hard-defined iPod Mini.
That's MacCenter, uncommercial bull of art called 954-486-5500.
Remember to mention that you heard it on QAM for extra savings too.
My, and all, this is 420560.
How is David's show?
He's making.
Finally, I have the show all to myself.
Look, a microphone.
In this button here, some mollons, they play baseball.
What is it?
What?
I'm a little bit pissed out there.
And I glazed it to his face.
I don't think it can say that.
Ah, not that way.
With spittle.
You spitting it.
Yeah, like this.
What did you do that for?
Because I felt like that's why.
I gave you gifts that might be cute.
But you're a candy slowly growing you.
I won't ignore it.
What takes so far, Evan?
So I'll say now, now you're an artist.
Or I believe what to do.
Or I won't ignore it.
Why you stinkin' little punk?
What the hell do you know?
It's because I know I got a lousy show.
Recreate those.
That's what I call great pain.
I'm a lousy pig, my eye, you're dumb.
I'm a lousy pig.
Or I say to you, what's it tell?
It's all just stupid about you.
I'm a little bit pissed out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I'm not going to take a diagnosis over the phone.
Because my thing seems to be healing up pretty well in the boil too.
Right, you put in something on it.
What is that stuff?
Polyspawn?
Chippal.
Huh?
Neospor?
No, polyspawn, mister.
Just walk off.
Just walk away.
Walk off some fat.
No, seriously, polyspawns are the same thing.
It's incredible.
It's triplanoid antibiotic.
It's the strongest thing you can buy without a prescription.
And it's healing up very nicely.
And the red part around it where it was obviously infected before.
Right, it was infected.
It's not red anymore.
That angry red part.
Right, that angry red part.
So I looked up sebaceous cyst, and it comes up.
Here's from Go-Ask Alice.
Alice should know.
She's probably had a few.
It says that sebaceous cyst is a catch-all term for a benign.
Harmless growth that occurs under the skin tends to be smooth to the touch.
Ranging in size, sebaceous cysts are usually found on the scalp face ears in general.
It's going to occur anywhere in the body.
there, formed when the release of SIBA may medium thick fluid produced by
sebaceous glands in the skin is blocked. Most of the time they don't
require medical attention, they can either disappear on their own or stay
the same size without causing any problems. If cysts become infected or
grow to a bothersome size, healthcare providers can remove them or prescribe
people with steroids around antibiotics. cysts can recur if they're not
removed completely. So is that mean that sebaceous cyst? I don't know. And I love
the questions that they ask Alice. Here's one. Should I smash my cyst with a
hammer? Oh yeah. Let's play it if I had a hammer. Come on. I'd smash it
right now. I'd smash scurrant. I'll tell you that. Red bumps on my butt keep
rearing their ugly heads. Here's another one they want to ask Alice. And one of
those white spots around my eyes. Sounds like a lot of these people may have
syphilis, something minor like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. So that's
that we haven't done this in a long time because I've been in such great health
for so long. Not really. I had all those tests trying to figure out what was
wrong. I think it's called hypokondri and old age. They can't find a damn thing.
What famous female living or dead is most overrated as to looks and also is
it a sister? Is it a boy? Is it a boy? Is it a girl? Who?
Who? I am. Hello. Doctor. Yeah. I'm here. Welcome back. Thank you. Now two
things. When the media releases those, you know, those beheadings or whatever. I've
seen themself. Looks like a cartoon character or like a superhero with that red background
and that totally black silhouette. Well, it looks kind of surreal or kind of like, you
know, an evil, an evil doer if you want to call it. Yeah. In fact, if you notice the
arms of the one we saw in the last video. Right. Where is white as George. I mean, there
was pale as a ghost. I don't know. I don't know so many people in that part of the world.
Too many of those kind of terrorists who are as pale as a ghost. Just the Saudi. Now
another thing is Joe Rose suspended because he was talking about mom talking about
people who say Joe Rose is suspended. That's what I heard this morning. From who? From
the morning show. Which one? Goldie. You heard that from Jelvi? That's what I heard.
Well, I've been on vacation so I'm out of the loop. I'm out of touch. Well, the last
thing was that Joe Rose was saying that more was talking about people that he wasn't
good in that. And Joseph really bad offense to that. So maybe you can find more out
of him. Now we'll check back. So welcome back. Thank you. Thanks so much. So it's the
same circus it always has been. So Gildi is on here. See what did I tell you about him?
He is the Chigurman of Worgpile. He's probably trying to get the Joe and Hot Water so
that he can get that eight to 10 gig because he knows that Mo wants him off of their
desperately. Absolutely. He's in like poison. We can't stand you Gildi. You're getting
too big for your British sweetheart. Too big for your depends and you're going to be
using them pretty soon and where things are going with you. How do you like that?
So what do you think? Is it a boil or a chanker? I mean what's the other one? It's a goi.
Sist. Sist. We need an assist. WQA and hello.
Gail. Yes sir. I have one for the bowl. Okay. Sandra Boehler.
Oh that's bad. Certainly overrated. Okay. And I got another thing.
Yes sir. Walk off home on that child's been around for 18 months at the most.
He's full of the North and what they're talking about. Okay thanks. I'll mark it down.
18 months at the most. Okay. We're going to be checking this out all week long. We're going to be
doing an exhaustive study. I don't know on QAM to find out who originated that term walk off home
run and why they continue using it. I don't mind the fact that somebody came up with it but you know
when it really stinks the joy now get rid of it. When it's stupid and people are falling down
and holding their sides laughing at you for saying it at that point it's time to move on.
Get something new. Like go home or just because we didn't think of it as mean it's what.
I just like hearing you say Homer. Homer. Faaaming. I didn't say homo. I said go home or. I'm a homo.
Will you stop picking on a Hummer? Wasn't bad enough. We picked on how fatty it was before.
By the way I did that just hoping you might be listening although we don't know I know I spun you
what's making your fat thing and lose some weight Hank we love your fun Hank again on the air
for for tipping the who wasn't the AC sub guy that's only guy last week for us intercepted our
food and tipped the guy. Well what do you mean he intercepted the food. Well he he another
word the guy brought it in while Hank was out there and Hank intercepted and ate all the food
ate everybody's food is that what you trying to say you can say it on the air we're a monk
friend he received the food right but what do you think that if he's going to eat all the food
the guy delivered that he probably should be the one giving him the tip didn't need any of it right
I'm just busted his fat chops because I'm praying that he'll lose some weight need to we got to
lose some weight fat so we got to uh one of these days it ain't going to happen soon there probably
per various both in a piano case but you know maybe yes we can we're change too good now what is that
got to do with my boyland my assist and walk walk off walk off cyst yeah maybe maybe that's
the way to get rid of it is just walk it off huh you got a big fat back there big you got fat
all over the place when you're fat as I am so maybe some of that fast got but seriously if it's
healing up now and that red infected part around the edge of it is gone although I noticed that if I
if I push it hard enough like in a certain area where it's like a still a little bit um how do I
describe it tender not no not tender it's not the least bit painful but like kind of rubbery
still the skin is healing in there of course yeah and I can squeeze out a little of that juice
you know what I mean fun oh yeah take a picture in fact that it's almost like uh Josh
Friedman all over again you know would that screw them juice he was always raving about that wonderful
aroma you remember that sure but my to cheese I might have to play that bit at any rate okay let's
take all of the pool and get serious here and stop worrying about all my hypochondriol
these diseases okay what famous female living or dead is most overweight that has to look
Madonna's got 45 she's pulling it away please pull it a little further wagon still smell it
Sarah Jessica Parker 34 Judy Roberts 31 Paracelton 29 Merrill Street 23 Renee Zelberger 11 Merlin
Monroe's got seven Nicole Kim and four Halliebury one none for Amber Smith Nancy Grace or Sandra Bullock
uh a hundred eighty five votes see that in this hour we'll get as many votes as we had the first two
hours for that other pool they don't seem like this one that much either I think I chased them
away I think they want you back no oh yeah no in addition to which aren't you on vacation next week
yes I am well how can you pick the week when you're there's only four days there's only four days
yeah I'm taking five well surprise guys Josh is doing the show on it Friday
you're in front what what's the date next week
yeah I'm gonna write the page 28 through the second right now guess who doesn't work on the
second on a Friday since when it's not marked on any of the calendars but it's July
July and August they work two than Thursday does July second look like a Tuesday or Thursday
you the summer schedule begins on the fifth is what we wrote since get out of here are you crazy
I'm not you're making this up as you go along mr my deal says July and August all right
that how you have oh look at this here's a here's a note that says you definitely have a recurring
sister I have one that goes back to 89 every now and then my wife attacks it with the vengeance I
have had surgery you move it it still came back my daughter heard the call on the cool kidman
whom she loves and hopes the your caller rots and hill how do you like that well I'll let you
girls fight it out okay when did that fight it out wow we'll take it so I have a recurring
sister well is that is that I guess not a big deal huh I'll live this long with it that's
well how come if but it's not infected anymore because the all the red I don't have the ring
around a collar or the red around the thing right maybe it'll be back yeah what do you mean by that
with the vengeance and that'll give me other chances in there with that that needle and and
squirt that baby all over the all over the mirror just watch yourself now 1256 at 560 WQA and
hey the one and only pizza loft is still going stronger and baby in fact it's not only
going better than ever but they make you offer you can't refuse if you don't think it's the best
piece in town you get your money back at the pizza loft how can you be that and our friend Jeff
Cohen he's no dummy he's now featuring balance for life menu for the people on the zone diet
and you don't have to worry about bringing any special coupons to get a good deal because
unlike the other joints they don't have any coupons their specials are all the time like every
Thursday they have a special where you buy one any on trend a menu get the second month for
half price every Tuesday when you buy one eggplant dinner the second one is only five bucks no
coupon needed and every Monday like today you buy one lasagna dinner at the loft and the
second one is only five bucks and guess what again new coupon a coupon or coupon is necessary
consistently delicious food gigantic portions everything is cooked fresh delicious the way you like
it three different kinds of great pizza all your pasta favorites the best garlic rolls in the
world almost 200 seats an after stand-in line waiting on the weekends at the pizza loft and they
got gigantic parking for your free right behind pure one imports on university drive between 595
and Griffin Road did I say it right 595 Griffin Road private rooms available at the loft catering for
homeropolis is the lowest five bucks per person for take out delivery and catering call 954 9168880 it
doesn't get much better than the pizza loft anywhere 954 9168880 for the pizza loft and Davy
home of a money back guarantee my phone this is 420560
away yeah
not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
everything is going to be in the position
oh man don't you ever take a bad way
what are you doing man wait where are you going
he's the one in gold style i kept it out i can blow bubble
man right now and the doctors that producer do i didn't do it but i know
did his hair he's our losing down
dry table like pets and in fact that's where will they do you think his jokes are funny
so the red light says that when i'm my chubby kid but Henry wants his chest in and scared
walks through hallway sideways
and he covers with gorilla hair
mama says he does care he's a king and some young lady to bleed in the
room we're not too sure what's going on there
stay away from me
Josh free food
there i feel thinking money but he's no stand there
he's not money in the room
don't put your feet
Josh free food he's a legged squeeze the cheese i don't know i tell you but
and sell it by the pound
got so bad his got to explode it
yeah
still in wretched pile all over the room
there's staples up and down in food big just to hold in all that greasy old food
stay away from me
Josh free food
i think i care if this boy don't like me
i think he does
don't put your feet
yeah
Josh free food
come here come here
still like me
don't get to eat
throw them using
this is me with double calls you
oh
oh
oh
well too bad we had to well bleep out that last word but
well
he says what does it mean when somebody calls you a
f**k cool
what a shame
how uh the mighty of fallen you know how sad it is
america's losing it by the minute and the bad part of it is they don't even realize it
anyway here's the definition from a doctor no less you can see that this was from a medical thing
huh yeah the boils also called fur
what is that?
fur uncle and carbuncle
yeah a fur uncle
is not like somebody who lives like three thousand miles away
our painful swallings of the skin caused by deep skin infections with bacteria
boils begin as red tender swallings which made later ooze pus some people every current boils
causes the source of the bacteria is usually not known most boils appear out of the blue
sometime boils develop after exposure to someone with boils or another skin infection
treatment and then there's a word that's missing here and something is usually required to
eliminate the bacteria
is that like an antibiotic maybe?
I don't know or lancing
no it wouldn't be anlancing I know anlander is but not anlancing
sometimes manor surgery is needed to open the boiling drain the press there you go see
gentle heat provided by warm soapy washcloth hell over the air for 30 minutes three to four times
it is which is what I did speeds up the healing process see I've been doing it right
putting medication on the boil will not cure it because the medicine doesn't
penetrate in the infected skin however a thick coat of anti thin coat of antibiotic
ointment polysporin and a bandaid over the boil will keep the germs from spreading
and what did I have on there?
polysporin and a bandaid how do you like that?
Mr. Smarty pants there you go doc doc
if your boil does not improve after treatment please return to the office it says this is a
doctor's thing hated out sometimes the bacteria resistant to the first antibiotics
well how do you like that?
now let's get to the important stuff walk off home runs forget about my boils
but if the other guy is right though about the infection how come the infection would be gone?
why is all that redness in this the pain it's all gone it feels fine and it's like a scab and
up and feeling just fine huh? right?
so I think he's full of crap again with good intentions I appreciate his diagnosis over the
phone from a long distance away where that's here's the stuff pages on this stuff
tracking down the elusive walkoff home run by Stan isx out of letfield the columnist.com
the columnist.com oh by the way Curtis Stevenson in from ad dog today what kind of a schedule
we got going? surprise guys you think it was the summertime and what are we going to do about
next Friday? I don't know I'll work I'll do it all right I'll do it I'm not going anywhere
okay of course I didn't go anywhere last week either but I was still on vacation I think I'm
getting screwed if he asked me I think there's something really wrong with that whole deal but at
any rate we'll see we'll see maybe I'll just let Josh do the show and he can talk about the walkoff
home runs and see and see him huh he could say that little seam just hit a walkoff home run holy cow
holy moly and even that would be more exciting than Dave Ed Boring's call I guarantee you that
let's have Josh do the games with Boog what do you say Josh all right I'm up for he's up for
there you go see he's easy Dave Ed Boring can stay home and study his wife anyway I'm not going to
read this about the walkoff this is ridiculous because it I didn't even send you all of it
oh thank the Lord only four pages the bomb costus responded to my emails as this guy saying I
imagine was a ball player originator perhaps an ESPN anchor I call the ESPN was told that their
guys and gals use it all the time for sure but none claims authorship Tim McCover was who never
shuts his mouth was amused at the idea ball player might have originated and suggested that the
hardworking people at the Elias Bureau that compiles baseball statistics might know oh oh this
is horrendous and they're actually defending it like it's a good like it's a great thing you know
walkoff home run now back in the day when we had real baseball broadcasters as opposed to these
dummy literary ex-jox that we got now then you had people with colorful expression you know
like there's a bug on a rug chicken on the hill with will the great Bob prints people are
recolourful red barber people are real broadcasters that's just a bunch of guys that used to take
showers naked with other men w. k.u.a.m. hello and now they're talking about reach around foul tips
reach around the foul tips I like that yeah yeah I've had a few of those yeah
maybe that's where I got my boil that's right maybe I caught it from a reach around foul
well five six seven oh five sixty you know the rest w. k.u.a.m. hello I hear your winner
family Anderson oh Hannah Anderson George is ecstatic about that thank you so much he's
changing his vote right now what famous female living or dead is most overrated as towards
Pamela Anderson I could be left off that bitch I still say she used to look really damn good
I'm not a good one you really do you should I agree with you and then and then she got hit by the
ugly Tommy stick it was a Tommy knocker careful I am doub, doub, doub, doub, doub, doub.w. k.u.a.m. hello
so so Gellie was on this morning spreading rumors about the radio station and then you saw what
I don't want to discuss what transpired after that subsequent to it but um this is what why is it
that I'm always single about you know leave me out of it okay whatever you guys got going on
down there that has nothing to do with ten to two leave me out of it I don't want to know about it
I don't want to hear about it I got not involved in it like Greg and muffin clerics just continue
playing their little baby games their baby Schmidt like a bunch of little infants in a sandbox with
rattles and a spoon and a pale and just leave us out we're doing just fine thank you
wqa.am hello and mail that was for you sir yes sir
failure cruise she did a walkoff maybe that's what she did when she croaked she just walk off
into the distance for cilia cruise anybody ever say cilia cruise look good I am cilia cruise and I am dead now
remember when I was alive I would need to do that. Don't put her on here we'll alienate
with little Hispanic audience we got left we can't afford to do that did you see the article I put
on a website about the um growing Hispanic audience and they are uh no radio ink I think it was
you didn't see that no see that's starting to splaying as Desi Arnez would say if he weren't dead
starting to splaying this deal that we got with these gigantic growing numbers of
Spanish language and we're blaming it on Miss Tanner and about this and that it's not true
just the fact that we got that we're drowning in the sea of sticks is what it is and if they
just came in off a banana vote from El Salvador or somewhere no expect them to speak in English
especially when some of your people have been here for 44 years and they still know speak in
English at least for you know public consumption anyway right unless it's convenient that's right
wqa and hello wqa and hello neo god yes sir first of all for the poll I have to say
Maria Shriver okay yeah no chance I saw foreign from calm mind finally loved with it they should
put it on TV every day of the week right and you guys are saying strip on it's script script the
brother say script with the hensk like you know script okay I thought script was something you
got like for free visa because you know huh nothing Josh has it right is you got it down that
ready up the bells five six seven oh five sixteen nobody's been to solve my boy I think I
solved it myself all you smarty pants out there they're just jealous that it's healing up real
nice and it's not infecting the name oh and it's probably a real secret boil and so what so
squeeze it again yeah I mean you know if you squeeze it once sometimes it's not a bad idea squeeze
it again that's right there my poor that's right and you never know what's gonna pop out wqa and hello
Neil when I was a kid my dad made me pop a boil on his back oh god he laid fake down in the bathroom
right me kind of straddle his back
yeah lean with all my weight I could with my thumbs on both sides of that boil I know what's
coming it hit me right between the eyes yeah it's not like it's not like the cheese
right oh the worst and I'll tell you what a back boil's bad but a Peter boil is worse
okay thanks hey I know him he was in a young Frankenstein yeah that was outstanding when he started
in about he was straddling naughty I started getting really nervous and then of course I guess
that explains the rest of his upcoming problem it's after one at five sixty wqa m wow wow I'm
gonna get some polyspawn and smear the mic with it just after that call good it summertime days are
getting longer nights are getting shorter which means it's so important for you good night sleep
do you understand what that means sorry I'm still on Peter boil okay well get off him if you're
not sleeping as well you could as well as you might call one eight hundred mattress today
millions of people have dialed one eight hundred MATTR yes including yours truly and just about all
of us at QAM because we finally got smart to get the lowest prices and the best deal on the best
brands in bedding it's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress save time save money improve
your productivity and bright you disposition with a great night sleep dollar mattresses ranked the
best in the world of customer satisfaction winners of the two thousand four better business bureau
local torts of excellence award when you call one eight hundred mattress you'll get the best
prices on the best brand delivery on your schedule you get to pick that to our window and they'll show
up and the best customer service in the business dollar mattress has the complete line the top names
in a business silly sir to king coil Simmons temper pete externs of an annus foster why haven't
had been anus foster in a long time and probably don't need a dough that I'd like it from kettle
the store pumbits to ford Myers dollar mattress can deliver you the finest bedding anywhere's
call one eight hundred MATTR yes or go online at mattress dot com if you're right now if you're
a masochist go out and hit it's a hundred degrees in the shade and slip all over town from
vetting sturdard departments throw waste a lot of time gas and money but if you're smart just
log on to mattress dot com or make that easy call today one eight hundred MATTR ES
m
I'm mark morgan now here's Neil Rogers on five sixty q eight and now a message from physicist
Stephen Hawking good morning you may have recently heard rumors about my wifey laying
beating me up these rumors are true the crazy bad she has a heavier life foot than us her day
where are you her she comes we tend like you are a glass room full of kids and so students
today's lesson will be who you talking to did I tell you to shut up I'm trying to think of beauty
rest sorry dear it won't happen again it better not professor or I'll show you the steps again
oh no not the steps the last time she showed me the steps I went down those things like a
one hundred and plenty pown slinky you got that right if I hear one more people be back thank goodness
she's gone but he will be back baby what did I tell you where did I put my Tylenol PM in
gin roll on over here sweetie and give mama some love in all sweet Jesus the woman has amnesty
for both sexual appetite if anyone is listening to my message please help me she eats a booze
empty hold open chicken of the sea tuna cans help me let's get to it my little motorized stud muffin
one eighteen five sixty w two and Margaret Kimberly writes in the black commentator that's
the name of the magazine american extremists so every this okay I like it good she says the
south will rise again and again and again there's no end in sight to the effort to redeem the
Confederacy and promote white racism and supremacy our late and now endlessly lamented 40th
president Ronald Reagan began his campaign for president and Philadelphia Mrs. Cibi by calling
for states rights he then gave a sheepish did I offend anyone when he was called on the carpet
for using this blatantly racist language at the scene of the murders the civil rights worker
Schwerner Cheney and Goodman despite this very obvious appeal to the worst instincts in americans the
GOP faces a quandary when admiring white supremacists takes them at their ward and runs for offices
Republicans latest to cause embarrassment is Ron Wilson national commander the sons of Confederate
veterans who's running for a seat in the South Carolina state senate the southern poverty law
center is given Wilson the dearest distinction to be named for the top 40 white supremacists in
need of constant monitoring if history is any indication Wilson's candidacy will have an all too
predictable response Republican planets will demand that the bumby thrown out of their ranks black
Republicans will wind that their brethren's hearts and minds will never be one over if commander
of the sons of Confederacy is a Republican elected official the GOP Southern ascendance coincided
with both overt and covert appeals to white racism unfortunately the unspoken bargain that
his racist must-ean occlusive is sometimes broken Louisiana's David Duke was the first such
troublemaker for Republicans the former clansman must have been just a little confused by all the
fuss the Republicans make racist appeals and then grow anxious when the less subtle want to come
along for the ride the pro-Republicans cry and scream that they don't have a racist bone in
their collective body and that it's slander to think otherwise poor senator Trent lot got the
boot as majority leader when he went over the top and praising the nearly more abund strong
thermon who had been literally propped up for yet another republican love fest we can feel
lots pain he hadn't said anything he hadn't said before and either democrats nor the press
to bother republicans that ever said a word against his racist die-trots lot may have gotten
the last laugh however he's now free to say that prison abuse is a fine idea and remain in sync
with his party not only is rime most indestined to become the gop perria but he's managed to alienate
the southern cultural heritage crowd a certain extent that some are forced to form a counter organization
save the sons of Confederate veterans let's call them Confederate light they want to remember
southern heritage but take great pains to this is this associate themselves from the white power
group recalling that great great grandpas regiment took a hill of get his burgers acceptable
but membership in the kkk is not the distinction is probably without a difference we're talking
about people result the effort to preserve slavery if some are racist with smiling faces the
rest of us should not be impressed but the amusement factors to go to resist our white supremacists
getting an undeserved bad rap the facts are as follows america wouldn't exist if it weren't for white
racism black people wouldn't be here instead of in africa if white racism hadn't been sanctioned
institutionalized from the very beginnings of this country's history america would not have the
world's highest rate of incarceration if there were no right racism but alias if an overly
exuberant Confederate reenactor has the nervous give a salute alah Hitler and yell white power
that he is cast out forced to live with the area nation and Idaho alongside others
who thought that the nation was serious about putting one group on top and all others at the
bottom it's little wonder this so angry the ascendancy of David Duke Ron Wilson their ilk is
inevitable especially when the appeal to domination and supremacy get the proverbial thumbs up from
the powerful republicans may moan that these people had nothing in common with them but how is it
that white supremacists continue to emerge from republican ranks that they get the wrong idea about
the GOP over and over again the answer is that they do not republicans are very extreme what
else would one call a group that allows itself with a chemical weapons terrorist yes sada mousain
was once a friend of current defense secretary Donald rumsfeld another administration officials
when rumsfeld was Reagan special envoy to the middle east him at Hussein and bagged that 1983
at that time assert for weapons of mass destruction would have been successful sada mousain not only
had wm these but was using them against the rainy ins and curards these atrocities didn't stop rumsfeld
and the republican party from shaking hands with the devil republicans even put in writing that
torture is not so bad after all and maintain that if a pesky congress asked for the information they're
just out of luck perhaps they'll begin advocating torture for senators who asked too many questions
the republicans should welcome Ron Wilson with open arms he's one of their own and will all be
so much easier if they just admit their mutual affection extremism is as american as apple pie and
everyone knows that republicans are the best americans of all rights mark read kimberley very good
little sarcastic in the black comment and i's going you go girl how do you like that oh bad news for you
uh oh you know baby ollie not to be confused with chemical ollie or little whatever his name was
what was the other one lucky ollie lucky ollie the woman no legs and arms right who's baby
he's got all them prosthesis a three month old Iraqi baby who prompted an outpouring a sympathy
around the world after he was photographed long he macheted and under supplied a raki hospital has
died doctor said on Saturday he died yeah ollie Muhammad Jabbar no relation to Karim Abdul
affectionately known as baby ollie no relation to Muhammad ollie died of septicemia bacteria blood
infection easily treated if more advanced medical care had been available easily treated if more
advanced medical care had been available said doctor how the hide our hide of bagged ads general
teaching hospital for children and you just would have grown up to be another terrorist like all the
ago good good thinking the chance of survival would have been much much higher if he were in a European
hospital how he said he most probably would have survived baby ollie suffering illustrated the
plate of a raki's children who are still acting proper proper medical care actor more than a year
of u.s. military occupation the hospital where baby ollie was treated had no proper equipment to
take blood and stool samples needed a pinpoint the type of diarrhea which afflicted him without
that precision doctors were unable to prescribe the right antibiotics for him we feel so sorry
lose a patient for something considered an ideal situation a simple disease how he said
even if they had the diagnosis such medicine is rarely available here for someone so young and
so small when he arrived at the hospital in the may he weighed seven point seventy two pounds and
now he's dead but i thought everything was just fine over there oh we're fine but there's new
poll shows fifty seven percent the public things things are hunky door interact man things are
on a great now got everything's just fine and you wake up in nine days till June thirty
but turn man we hand the keys to the kingdom over to anybody who will grab him and we uh you know
that's when everybody comes home right no oh surprise gotta make sure that nobody gets her hands
on that oil all over the oil pipelines you notice all the oil that's pumping out of those right
now not no because of all the sabotage none see oh thank you the great president for those
little gas prices if those are great I'd like to get that punk and just smash his whatever he's
got left between his ears with a with a uh two by four you know it remember him thank you mr
president for those low gas prices you fool you you simple silly uh whatever words that we can't
say no more Sarah just what did I tell you she she will she is beyond reproach man you can't touch
her and who in his right mind would want to what famous female living her dead is the most
overrated as the looks Sarah Jessica Parker has come from nowhere the first place she passed Madonna
she was laying prone 72 Madonna 64 and I guarantee she'll pull away in the stretch
Paris Hilton 51 Julia Roberts 48 Merle Street 27 Renee Zellweiger 22 Nicole Kidman 13
Oh Kidney Merle in my row 11 Pam Anderson eight she's moving up fast 326 votes see this is the one
they're gonna sink their teeth into can I say that they'll send them anyway Sandra Bullock six are
you saying we got some amari Kony South is what you're trying to say during pride weekend Toronto you
making a comment like that howie uh Maria Schreiber three howie Berry one Nancy Grayson and
Amber Smith don't have any they like Amber Smith they saw that picture on anything what's that
old fact talking about she's okay that Neil is she ain't so bad you're going blind from touch it
no that's my back oh oh I just I just did squeeze it again though yeah get anything no all right
oh man I think smells good
well 205 CTA M 132 and 560 WQM Glenn close for the poll that's a good one yeah it's a man baby
it is a guy in fact that was a guy that went down the bathtub in uh pedal of distinction
extinction at any rate back to follow a price to pay you here's some bad news
price to pay you and I have no idea why uh is it true that this is a Sun Sun will celebrity Q&A
and exercise is prequel is it true there's gonna be another sequel to the exercise if so well any
the original cast being it now see I want you to stop and think about this um whoever wrote this
question if so well any of the original cast being if this is a prequel so what year was the
exercise would you say seventy two or three they're about okay we're gonna look it up
I got my 400 pound book right here there's Elvis on tour so I can't be far away
uh the avictors the evil dead part two the exodus Leon urine evil doer 73 73 like I said so I
was uh right on for once I got one close Glenn see they're gonna have the young Gregory Pett.
Oh is that what it is sure anyway says yes it's true and no no no member of the 73 cast
Linda Blair Ellen berth and max von sider to lead Jason Miller will appear maybe Jason's making a
comeback the power of price to ban you don't try the power of price to ban you don't go don't go
the power of price to ban you okay come down oh yeah that would be something Jason Miller who played
father uh carous right he's dead good actor they could have uh take me even younger Linda
Blair anyway exorcist the beginning do August 20th and we read our very sorry about this see they
didn't learn their lesson when they made exorcist two and three right remember Richard Burton was in
one of those just just awful just horrible uh differs from the 77 and 90 sequels that in
oh look at that 77 and they're wrong about that because it was 70 oh I see number exorcist to
was 77 exorcist 390 and that it's a prequel taking place before the events of the original film
father miren portrayed in the original by max von sider was now played by another sweetest star
still on scars guard and then we just spray with stars guard spray your refer to with it right
is seen working as a missionary in post-World War II Africa where he has his first encounter with
Satan all right the power of price can tell you oh the power of price can tell you
ah the power of price can tell you ironically the new film was beset by so many difficulties
that cast members joke the movie said should undergo an exorcism of its own after two directors
dropped out the film was decided john frickenimer who died from a sudden stroke shortly before the
shooting was to begin in 2002 auto focus director Paul Schrader was in hand of the job and wrapped
up filming in march 2003 but the studio so disliked his version of the film that last that last
November die hard to director reney harland was brought in to reshoot a number of scenes
harland and I appreciate the entire movie so not a single film a straight a frame a
straighter film will be seen a rarity in hollywood how do you like that wow the power of price
don't tell you good yeah everybody I should see the original was on again like I said
on again a few days ago and I want once you've come across one of those on the tube you just
can't shut it off at least I can't watch the whole thing and this was like the unexpergated one
the one where she came like back we're down the stairs with the head her head kind of like twisted
all around that was going to add it scene I think you ought to bring back some of those Linda
Blair new pictures boy out that one you head on the one day really impressed the hell out of me got
more in her horse yeah nobody don't like Linda Blair I would hope anybody don't like Linda Blair
we don't like you I'll tell you that right now you're un-American you're a communist and we're
going to deport you by the end of the week five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and for Ryan's wireless line Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two the Humphor H4 and then we got
that you and Cal State Fullerton college world series game from Omaha at seven lot of rumors floating
around a lot of that guilty stuff man is he stirring it up or what what and then I see we
tomorrow we got Mo we got Moe and the big again but too much big oh on I mean I realized it's
our summer schedule now there's nobody in town and we're just you know hanging on by a thread but
what is that with the big I'd rather hear Moe solo than Moe and the big personal that's just my own
feeling solo me oh solo Moe and then you got Gildi and Boe after you're a Moe and Boe and
while I don't know too many I can't figure it out like SpaghettiOs the Obo show we already got one
of those amazing WQAM hello uh yes a meal please speaking Neil how about Herman Dias Cameron Dias you
don't like no she kind of reminds me of that that old five-toe episode uh the two-face yeah you know
sometimes she looks good and sometimes you know she just looks really baddie the two faces of Cameron
yeah okay we'll put her on her make you make you happy I think sometimes she looks pretty dang good
yeah she's she's cute but but overrated I think is the other point well let me say this the
question is what famous female living room that is the most overrated as to look see she's
a serica Jessica Parker right serica Jessica Parker is certainly in a class of her own yeah she's
an ass by even Karen Valentine I want to go in that classroom she can smell that stink stench
from a mile away maybe it's my boil maybe that's what it is next time you're walking down the street
well she's got one on her face a big boil sure right on her chin WQAM hello hi Neil hey where did
you get that picture of um Linda Blair from my collection from his private collection
I'm use of a white copies and I want to get some more coming up coming soon coming to way uh
beaded curtain near you beaded curtain today we got the pretty marginal we apologize it's okay
Amber Smith I think I mean the fact that she's the census here in the building and among all the
there are that I'm knocking the picture but I just don't think she's all that hot she's okay
she's not up to our usual although listen it's a big improvement over last monday's Britney that
that had to be very depressing for a lot of your heterosexual people out there we'll do her anyway
oh I'm sure probably in a better state like maybe Georgia Louisiana and then she gets married
again while I'm on vacation in fact every time I take a vacation Britney gets married again now
what's the deal with next Friday let's take a vote because just I mean I I could do it I mean
not a big deal but it's just the idea that first don't we get screwed because the fifth they
fourthed your eyes on a Sunday anyway right right and I think I guess I think we get screwed all
the way around because this year I do believe Christmas and New Year's both come like on a
Saturday or Sunday the weekend so what what what up with that we should have makeup holidays as
Mo would say what up with that
weekend on access Hollywood
oh no Britney get ahold of yourself oh my god just dangling by a thread
oh my god they are Britney Britney couldn't it have to amputee come on explosive actions just
stop it out girl that's his weekend on access Hollywood there's another really anxious person
Pato Brian boy do I and they're always a hockin about him on I'm as have you ever noticed that
no every time we turn it on for a dose for like about 10 minutes and I'm warning me for our show
and he's always a hockin about Pato Brian is this morning they spent about
three four or five minutes on Pato Brian who gives a flying crap now Pato Brian the actor there was a
guy who was a big fat old time a guy and then O'Brien and Joel Brian and whatever the hell that
horse was that great horse Joel Brian drove but anyway Florida court decision may help Limbaugh
case a Florida court last week throughout a murder conviction because the state illegally
obtained a defendant's medical records which top show host Russell Limbaugh's lawyers content
happen in his alleged doctor shopping case another technicality get the pill popping hypocrite
off the hook again in a court filing Limbaugh's attorney word black claim that his client's
medical records also were illegally seized and therefore may not be used against him
black immediately filed a notice in forming fourth district court of appeals of this new decision
by another Florida court black repeatedly has said that Palm Beach County State attorney
improperly obtained Limbaugh's medical records the prosecutor claims that without those records
they can't continue their investigation until they review Limbaugh's medical records which
have been sealed since December 22. Took it off the hook and the life will go on you know and the
ditto heads will continue going love that out there whatever you say rush rush that there's
a rush at that look that I just keep making up the crap how are we had a point man she
had her thumb right on it but I'll say it again I don't really as much as a lot of people probably
resented I don't care that much about Bubba's book coming up tomorrow I did not watch 60 minutes
last night and I've seen little snippets of him here in there and the rather's been on about 50
times already and all these king and all the other shows uh you know promoting that 60 minutes
piece last night I don't need to see it because I already know what the deal is I know what it's
all about right what's it all about it's all about a horny guy that was a hell of a lot better than
what we got right now pop a jack or look what we got five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t and for Ryzen wireless line what famous female living or dead is the most
overrated as to looks wqa hello you know what they were talking about addle brine
yeah because he retired he's off that show he's off that show but he's got some other show
oh is it well I hate him anyway yeah that's true
though they were talking about the fact that he was I don't want any of those shows anyway
access Hollywood entertainment tonight entertainment a week from circus I don't watch any of those
shows I don't care about those things this morning if I go back to that OJ business again what kind
of a simpering idiot what I mean we know the people in the in our station that goes without sand
scruan and the water Nazi and Greg we know we know because they're just professional jox nippers
I mean if they had their uh brothers they would they would just stay like in a locker room
entire life you have to have your food delivered around the clock and it would just be in the locker room
all day long screwing their brains out and uh sniping the jox traps that that's their ultimate fantasy
I think it's time for a walk off exorcism a QAM of all this sports craft this this obsession
is one thing it'll be a sports fan we don't have sports fans on this station we have sports obsessive
nerds it's like it's like computers it's the same thing I love the internet I can't imagine life
without the internet you know but it's one thing to be a computer person to have your PC and use
it you know for whatever you like it's nothing to be a computer nerd there's a very very uh great
distinction there all the chat crowd man you know what I do when I think about chat and it rhymes
with it but we can't say it no more back in the day we could say it past tense of like smat I smat
down right w a q a m hello you know yes sir happy Monday welcome back back to you not that we need any
further documentation about how correct this administration is that we currently have in the white
house but what was that book that you were recommending earlier uh uh uh one moment
it's called Bush's Bush's War for Re-election Iraq the White House and the people we got a bad echo
on the phone so listen on the radio please I can't stand it echo Bush's War for Re-election
Iraq the White House and the people by James Moore as like him Gary Moore and Michael Moore and
Mandy Moore M.O.O.R.E. author of the New York Times bestseller Bush's Brain this book is just
when you get through the first couple of chapters you'll be just boiling talk about boils you'll be
popping it man it is just aggravating a beautiful lie oh it's just uh and now of course they're
trying to spin all of this crap and they got one guy that was in Sodom's regime and he was a member
of al-Qaeda and out there for Sodom and even though they already said it they even said it again
that there's absolutely no connection between Sodom Hussein and and al-Qaeda what is it
those Iraqis shouldn't have had this yeah because the fact that it matters is the hating
each other like Poise you dealing with religious fanatics on the one hand and non-religious
fanatics on the other hand who hate each other like uh orthodox Jews and farbyss and a goyem
I think it's a good way to put it.
Isn't that the way you confuse us?
It's a good way to put it, right?
But that's not where you put it.
And what is the thing with that awful penis you've had on our website?
That's right.
Aero was supposed to put the link to the story underneath it.
I mailed in the story, but it just never made it on.
Yeah.
It's a big story.
It's all over the Yahoo and that has been for about a month now.
And that's Rasputin's penis?
Sure enough.
Oh my God.
I have seen a lot of those things in my life.
You call that a penis?
Maybe an elephant.
Maybe an elephant.
Because you knew he was popular.
And I guess we know why.
Why in local life?
You're sports radio five species.
You're a Jew.
You're a Jew.
Great.
Mickey Mouse, I'll have it.
Mr. Mouse.
It's Michael Eisner.
Michael Eisner?
Hold on.
What are you doing answering my phone?
Sorry, boss.
It's Donnie Eisner.
Donnie, Osmond.
What do you want?
It's Michael Eisner, sir.
It's not Donnie, Osmond.
It's Michael Eisner.
The press president.
Oh, boy, Eisner.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm the most done with you, pal.
Sir?
I was looking at the waiting for this nightmare you had it's going through.
I'm a forever he gave me out of here.
What a smashing successor.
What?
Everything was in the toilet.
It was unbelievable.
If you break down the demographies.
You know what Eisner say that I'm just happy it's over.
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better.
The second go round, you must be on crack.
We're not doing that thing again.
Why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around, you barely miss toppling the entire network.
Well, sir, it's already done.
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done?
Hang on.
Remus!
I'm on the floor with...
Remus!
Yes!
What the hell are you doing?
I'm going to some condo with, ma.
Go with quietly, Remus.
That's not quiet enough, Remus.
A blue bird stinks like an arm pit.
Sir, your face sweeps will be amazing.
I'm a celebrity.
Get me out of here, too.
Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights.
40 nights of I'm a celebrity.
Get me out of here.
You're killing me!
And the celebrities 10 times better.
Oh my God!
We've got...
Hold on.
Remus!
Remus!
Yes!
Take the harmonica.
Slide it up your back end.
Walk it out.
All right.
All right.
We've got Bernie Capel.
Who?
Bernie Capel, the doctor from the love boat.
Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial.
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos.
Oh my God!
She's terrible!
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush.
Oh, wait a minute.
Is that the president's annoying nephew?
That's the one.
Oh, for heaven's sake.
You can't put him on there.
And then...
Hold on.
Remus!
Remus!
Remus!
I can't hear you, Mr. Barbos.
Remus, I'm on the phone.
I can't hear you, Mr. Barbos.
Stop drilling!
What are you making?
Making a new condenser, Barbos.
What's wrong with my old condenser?
It's your lackey, Mr. Jack.
My shalac m-shot.
It's right, Mr. Jack.
Oh, you're doing great.
Yes!
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare.
Well, we have a major elixir, sir.
We've got Scott Bacula and Leonard Neemoy.
Even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neemoy.
You're at the most.
Remus, I wasn't addressing you.
Sorry, Boss, he was following those things.
Oh, my God.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Hey, Remus!
I thought I told you to put that harmonic off your butt.
Sorry, I thought it was.
Oh, I thought I was fighting the office, Remus.
What's the movement?
It's coming at me!
I can't see anything.
157 at 560.
Curtis Stevenson from Addaq coming up next.
Time magazine says this week, new abuse charges.
Could the abuse of prisoners in a rack have gone beyond the beatings and sexual
familiarization already alleged?
What I say?
Unreleased classified parts of the report on prison abuse from Major General Anthony Taguba,
who ain't never been in Cuba, which were ready to time contain indications of mistreatment
of female prisoners in a February 21st statement to Taguba, Lieutenant Colonel Stephen L.
Jordan, former head of the Abougar interrogation center, said he'd received reports that there
were members of the military intelligence community that had come over and done a late night interrogation
of two female detainees last October.
You know how those late night interrogations go, don't you?
No, how do they go?
Rough.
Oh.
According to a statement by Jordan's boss, Colonel Thomas Papis, no relation to a former
orals picture, milth Papis, three interrogators were later cited for violations of military
law and their handling of the two females, eight, seventeen, eighteen, Senate armed services
committee investigators are probing whether the two women were sexually abused, the Pentagon
declined to comment, of course.
Meanwhile, a class action filed to California in behalf of former detainees raises the
specter of brutal, brutal physical abuse.
One plaintiff identified only as NICEF claims that after he was taken from his home on the
outskirts of Baghdad last November, it sent to Abougar rape.
Americans made him disrobed and attacked electrical wires to his genitals.
He claims he was shot three times, although a vein in his penis ruptured and he had
blooded his urine so much that even Josh Beckett won't look at it, he says he was refused
medical attention.
In another session, NICEF claims he was held down by two men while uniformed woman forced
him to have sex with her.
I was crying, said NICEF-28.
I can relate to that.
I felt like my whole manhood was gone.
The class action also claims that detainees were raked at it in prison.
On June 6th, NICEF was released after he yes of it and told him he says that he had
been wronged and accused by informants.
A U.S. military spokesman in Baghdad confirmed that a prisoner with NICEF's ID number was released
on that date and time has obtained a copy of his release order, but the Pentagon would
not come out on this specifics of his genitals and the yadi-adiya.
And as ruptured penis.
So that will show these terrorists that's due then.
Okay, here's the result of our poll so far.
I told you this one will go better.
The first one went over like a lead balloon, but that's the way it goes like a pregnant
pole of order in July.
Ever been to Harvey's, by the way?
Harvey's?
Is that a Canadian burger place or is it the Harvey's?
I don't know.
Car tunes.
Isn't that a little lulu, a hearty?
Anyway, what famous female living or dead is the most overrated as to look?
Sarah Jessica Parker, as predicted, you can't hold a good bitch down.
106.
Madonna 80.
Parasulta 73.
Julia Robert 62.
Merrill Street 31.
Renee Zellweger 29.
Nicole Kidman 16.
Marilyn Monroe 14.
Pam Anderson 10.
Maria Shriver.
No chin, Maria 9.
She's a skank.
Sandra Bullock 9.
I, every time this happens, really offends me personal.
Huh?
She's cutesy.
What's wrong?
So she's a little too cutesy, but she's cute.
Cameron Diaz IV.
Halle Berry III.
Glenn Kent get even close to.
And none.
Zero for Nancy Grace and Amber Smith out of 440.
It's going to be better with this.
Curtis Stevenson is a sit and buy next.
And listen, let me tell you one thing.
Gellie, you better watch it.
He's starting all kinds of crap into building.
He is going to be the odd child out there.
Bye, bye, bye.
I love eating nuts.
I eat nuts.
I'm a grape either.
