Come on baby, say goodbye to each wisher one of the time.
Friday you first dude.
Join the anarexiu chart gun today.
Have yourself a down my prison phone.
Whoa your friends away will back you all the way.
Then you're right you're on a gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter when you pack your heater and carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
It's the anarexian way to be a member of the anarex.
Aim for the beat, aim for the chest and always aim for the head in case they're wearing not that.
You're in your skin, you're in your body,
you're in your right you're on a gun.
Come on and join today and you'll be proud to say you're a member of the anarex.
Hey it's eleven o'clock already.
How do you like that?
Isn't this your moving along fast?
Wow.
God almighty if the next three hours goes fast as the first one will be home by another two three minutes.
You know what?
And it feels like we just started.
Yeah I know.
That's how fast it's going.
That's how much fun we're having today.
I don't know about you.
Well I don't want to put you on a spot because it's not you're not in no position.
But I just want to make no one little comment here at the beginning on this Friday.
As we start off the June New Year, the junior.
This is starting to get a little bit on my nerves.
You know I never really thought it would.
And it's not a question of being on less time.
It's just the whole way that this thing works.
Nobody's got.
If the audience had any clue, well maybe some of them do.
As to how screwed up this whole thing is man, Greg Reed, you could screw up a wet dream.
Maybe you are just you are the worst.
You are the most impossible.
The most unacceptable excuse for a human being for a thinking, breathing, living creature.
I have ever encountered you make Mo look like Albert Einstein.
You know, you know, I hate it when you miss words.
Yeah, I want to think about Mo.
He's got a good agent anyway.
Good lawyer, which is probably why he's still on the air.
We were talking this morning about how many people that this radio station is paying now.
Who aren't even on the year anymore?
The third man.
Man, between guilty and the Humper and of course Mo who's getting paid.
But you better believe regardless of what they do with him, he will get paid.
Because his lawyer don't take for an answer.
One thing about Mo man, he holds their feet to the fire and he sticks his foot up their ass and twisted around a little bit.
Nice going Mo.
Well, almost.
Let's see the 11 a.m. advisories out in proper old storm gene.
And even though it shouldn't be of any concern to South Florida,
the bad news is the Chigren wood pile is that once it gets up.
Oh, I don't know.
Kind of like Northeast to the Bahamas there.
And all of a sudden it decides to make like a Northwest a left turn.
But luckily it looks like Wednesday morning at 2 a.m.
It's going to make that left turn toward Northern, Northwestern Florida.
Again, again, again, just don't stop another series of great reasons not to be there in that tropical swamp.
Toward like either Jacksonville or maybe a little bit south.
Or now they're saying one of the models shows maybe up toward Savannah.
Or maybe in Mertle Beach or who they don't know who the hell knows.
But at least the good news is that small cone.
The one that everybody wants to get their lixon.
That tiny cone is not looking too bad for you folks.
Here's our first facts of the day.
And I wonder if there's anybody else who shares their sentiments.
I don't know.
I'm just getting a little bit a little bit porky, you know.
Yeah, not real.
Not big time porky.
But this episode today of them see it's one thing if you really got something to say.
And there's a reason to continue going on and on and you know what I'm talking about.
So you're just saying that.
But but where you're just dragging it out is if to well talking about the same stuff and the same people and thanks to this one and goodbye.
And it's a what's the point it like I said the very first day that we had this mess on the year.
It's like an endurance contest like how long can we drag anything else?
Let's rob anything else anybody else we can say goodbye to.
I mean let's make it a 24 hour show then we can just all get paid for doing up and how's that sound?
This keeps squeezing it.
Oh, I like that.
It's sure a hell of a lot better in kind of like sitting by and standing by and waiting and waiting and waiting and wondering is there anybody out there who's not a stern listener who likes this show who has any clue when the show is going to start.
I mean if we don't how the hell do they know?
Well, they don't nobody does.
Yeah, nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
And that's because Greg Wheat has got this place.
I mean so out of control it's like it's like a Mac truck going about 140 miles an hour down I 75 with nobody at the wheel.
Okay, just turn that baby loose and just hope for the best and that that's QA M right now.
And I don't see anything.
I do need anything at all.
Jicacore's don't worry comes about anything other than puff pieces on TV shows.
So forget about him.
He's old news.
Even very jackass and miss Sarny there at the Sun Central.
Neither one of them are writing anything about what's going on because like you just said only moments ago.
Nobody knows it's what's going on.
Am I right?
WQA and hello.
QA M.
Yeah, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, I know I just turned your show on.
I used to turn it on at 10.
Yeah, me too.
And I don't know what they're thinking.
I mean you're the goose just laying the golden egg over there.
And they should be taking better care of you.
I mean I can't see.
I mean I never loved Howard's turn to begin with.
I tried listening the first day or two and it's the borrow your phrase.
It's on your it's ridiculous.
Yeah.
And to take away from your show.
I mean I listen to Bob and Tom till 10 and I used to switch over to you.
But now I you know I just listen to CD either if I'm out of the car.
I don't turn it back on and they're just hurting you and that doesn't make any sense to me.
So the chances of you're ever catching the very beginning of the show are pretty slim.
Unless you're a psychic.
Well, yeah, I mean I don't turn on to about 11 now.
Right.
Because it's doing it with all the commercials every.
Right.
Okay, pal, Greg's an idiot.
All right.
I have a great weekend.
There are first facts I started reading.
I got sidetracked by Maya Angst.
And I really am.
I'm getting like because as far as our audience is concerned, you know what we're going to do right now?
Let's put the other pull off till noon.
Let's just do a one hour pull.
Okay.
All right.
Let's let me do.
How do we do this without Eric and nervous breakdown?
Well, he can do it.
What we're fine.
We can communicate.
Okay.
Or maybe we'll do it till like 12 about 30 minutes.
I'm going to be on all weekend anyway.
It's just kind of like a turnaround flip flop.
Speaking of all those candidates, a flip flop from what we did on Wednesday, the other, the negative side would say like that.
Anyway, it says an offer Greg read.
It's from our friend Jean Rogers.
No relation to me.
It says an offer Greg read.
You're killing your audience with Howard Stern after 10 a.m.
Signed Jean Rogers in relation to.
Oh, God.
Okay.
Here's the first pull.
Okay.
Sorry, Eric.
I had no intention of doing this, but I'm just getting a little bit porked off.
Because again, jumping like I said, jumping into the pool without checking to see if there's any water in it from about 15 stories up.
And that's an end course holding all of us alongside with them.
We're all chained to Greg.
You know.
Oh, I guess what?
We're two thirds of the way down.
We just looked down there.
I guess what Greg?
There's no water in the pool.
Uh-oh.
We're dead.
A lot of days of change, is it?
Yeah, it's a daisy chain.
Anyway, driving Mr. Daisy and everybody else crazy is what you're doing.
Okay, here's the pull question.
How do we phrase this?
Well, I don't know what you're asking.
So I'm trying to find out.
I'm trying to find out how many of these people are happy about the fact that you know what's going on.
Okay, which which of these applies to you?
Okay.
How are you writing this down?
I'm typing it to it.
You're typing it to them on that.
That'll kill Thil Noon anyway.
Which of these applies to you?
Uh-uh.
I'm ecstatic that Stern is on QAM.
Okay?
Extend.
Even you can spell that.
Josh camp, but you can.
That's number one.
Number two.
I-
Let's see.
I'm furious that Neal doesn't start at 10.
Got it?
Yes.
Got it.
Uh, what are some other choices?
Come on, you can do it.
I don't give a rat's ass.
I don't give a rat's ass.
That's always very big.
Don't give a rat's ass.
Rack them.
There's got to be other categories here.
Does it start at 10?
Uh, I don't know.
It's all good.
I am.
Maybe they like both, you see.
So they'll tune in in the morning and whenever Stern ends, it's good.
Everything is just fine.
That's good.
Everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
That silly queen Dan Stewart would say.
And quit outing people on the air, Dan.
Okay?
Quit making up those stories about people just because you have the hots form.
And by the way, I got firstives on him anyway.
Not Dan Stewart.
Remember that day?
How could you forget?
I was- I still can't believe he did that.
Yeah.
Assuming that that person, which I'm not going to repeat who it was, because hopefully nobody remembers that.
But assuming that that person, that well-known celebrity, is really a friend of his, or he even knows him?
Why would- Yeah.
If somebody's your friend, why would you do that?
At any rate.
Which of these applies to you?
I'm ecstatic about Stern being on QAM.
I'm furious that Neil doesn't start at 10.
I don't give a crap, a rat's ass, or everything is just fine.
I'm thinking I'm leaving some possibilities out.
Oh, we can always add something if we-
Yeah.
As we like Neil certainly get a little bit porky.
Anyway, here's the appell result from yesterday.
Who is your all-time favorite movie character?
Don Coyoney.
The Godfather.
Nobody can touch the Godfather.
Because-
You cannot talk about it!
If you do, he'll slap you right in the push.
Don Coyoney had 155 James Bond and all the incarnations of the same of the character 119, which is good, because that was a question character.
Not actor, not version, not rendition.
Thirty Harry 104, Inspector Clousseau 85, Tony Montana Scarface 81, Carl Spackler from Candy Shack, 72, Ludo from Animal House 68, Darth Vader 65, Hannibal Lecter, 60, Indiana Jones 56,
Michael Coyoney 54, he was kind of small potatoes.
Jeff Lemouski from The Big Lewinsky 52, for his dump 44, Howard Beale from Network Who I'm sure should have got more votes in that.
I'm a mad ass hell, but I don't think I think I've anymore.
I think I've got 40, including my vote.
Randall P. McMurphy from a 1-4 over the Cookus Nest 38, East Ventura 36, Jeff Sv'Coli, Fast Times 35,
Keach and Chong 31, Josie Wales 31, Mad Max Head, Clark Rizwald from Vacation 29, Alex D'Alarge, and he was from Clockwork Orange 28,
Sarge and Hartman from Metal Jacket 26, Jules from Pulp Piction 24, Andrew D'Frain or D'Fresney, depending on how well you want to butcher the French from Shawshank 24,
Quint from JAWS 23, Terminator 19, Mr. Pink from West of our Drugs, or as that Reservoir Dog's 14, P.W. Herman from P.W. P. House 13, Alex Foley, Beverly Hills Cop 12, Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz 12,
George Bailey from It's a Wonderful Life.
Get the Surrup, get 12.
Bill the butcher, Changs from New York, have a dozen.
Oh, and there's just too many to read all the rest of these.
I'll just do the double digits.
Beatrice Cadu, is that the name?
Beatrice Cadu.
Cadu.
I don't know, because I didn't see the movies.
From Kill Bill, had 11.
Mongo from Blazing Saddles 11, Jack Torrance from The Shining.
Here's Johnny, had 10.
Chance from being there, 10.
Chance, I suppose to say, Chancy, whatever.
His really was Chance, but they called him Chancy.
Chancy, okay, Chancy.
I'm sure a lot comes 10, and that's all the others in single digits,
including of course, Raymond Babbitt from Rainman,
no kind of Billy Babbitt did it.
So that was yesterday's poll.
Now the first poll we're doing, and later on, we're going to turn them around from Wednesday.
What is the most, we did on Wednesday.
What is the most underrated rock group of all time today we're doing?
What is the most overrated rock group of all time?
We're starting with four that we put our heads together,
and also the audience, Boston, Steely Dan, Pearl Jam,
and the Dave Matthews band.
Oh, fat.
Now on our beaded curtain today, we got what's your name?
Victoria Beckham, aka Posh Spice,
from the highly overrated Spice Girls.
She was born, of course, so the big, her claim to fame now is that she's married to David Beckham.
Well, what we do, and that exciting?
Who?
The big soccer player, the big Brit soccer player,
it makes 80,000, $20,000 a match, whatever.
April 17, 1974, she was born, which makes her...
About third, man.
Born in Hertfordshire, England, in the UK.
And let's see, also credited as Spice Girls, Victoria Adams.
These Spice Girls, or these Spice Girls with a capital T.
This is silly stuff on AMDB.
Let's see, bend it like Beckham.
I bet she is 2002.
Spice World the game, and actually she was in a whole bunch of TV stuff,
and the marginal film mostly TV stuff.
Sport relief, maximum hot 100.
Mile and their shoes.
Christmas with the stars.
World Idol.
And a bunch of other very marginal crap.
And also, of course, the real David Beckham.
So there she is, she's on.
And now you told me that's the only available picture in the world that we know of with her boobies.
I mean, she's as naked as a jabour.
So there are from that series, there are other, even more blurry, hard to see pictures.
That's the best one.
I'm putting on here, even though it's not really my...
There's another choice for the pool.
I'm sorry, I guess John's gonna add it on.
I read the mom's.
I make 10,000 choices a day.
I mean, you can't all be right, right?
Now it's your turn to choose.
I choose for you to cut me some slack.
And then this thing right here.
And this November, the choice is clear.
Okay, I'll tell you what.
As your commander in chief, I order you to stand down.
Make the right choice.
Vote for John Kerry.
No, don't make the right choice, vote for me.
Oh, wait.
That didn't come all right.
Give me another one at that.
Come on.
I'm John Kerry.
And I approve George Bush's approval of this message.
Sucker.
Abu Gharram.
Look who's talking.
It's 1118 at 560.
There's one more for the pool.
Sorry about that, Josh, but we have to get that on their media as soon as we're not sooner.
I don't listen to Howard Stern.
Okay.
Okay.
Doesn't that make sense?
Who wouldn't listen to Howard Stern?
You.
You.
Me.
Josh.
Josh.
Everybody I know.
Well, not in time to see now.
You're not going to turn to Howard Stern.
Where's Static to have the Stern show on the QM because you can have those big numbers.
And because we're going to have a great lead in the only problem is we have no idea when we're coming.
See, when they stuck, when they screwed the show around the first time because management in this business, not just Greg Reed, but management generally speaking as I've told you for a hundred years,
they always have to mess with success to show how smart they are and how dumb the talent is.
They're the smart ones.
We're just, we're just pawns in a chess game.
So when they jerked us around so they could put Mo on, they'd just scale or move and put me on at nine o'clock, that was bad enough because people are already involved in their morning shows at that point, including Stern was still on big at that time.
And so, you know, people remember that the show started at nine or they wanted to hear the beginning that would tune over.
And if not, but at least the one thing is they knew when it started.
See, this is a thousand times worse than that because nobody including us has got any idea on any given day when we're going to start.
I mean, it's just it's on a hurdle in the history of this business.
It's absolutely on a hurdle and keep in mind that in the other markets that Stern is on, he's not on talk stations.
He's on classic rock stations.
In fact, this may be one of the only stations that he's on anywhere that is not a classic rock FM, right?
Right.
That used to be the prerequisite, but once a clear channel dumped him off a lot of the stations at that point, they scrambled to put him on anybody who would put him on.
So, classic rock, well, it doesn't make any difference what time you play Steeley Dan or what time you play CCR.
I mean, you can play that at any time, right?
It's just music.
I like they're going to be missing the beginning of a show.
Right.
But when you do a show, which of course, Greg Read knows nothing about doing a show, there's a certain continuity to it.
There's like a floor mat and there's like things you talk about in the beginning and set the table and set the stage.
And then, of course, when people are joining like a half hour after the start, they haven't got any freaking idea what's going on.
Again, I'm just thinking out loud.
Let's see, poll suggestion, cut stirons, ass off at 10 a.m. sharp.
Well, I hate to break the news, dude, but that ain't an option.
It's very obvious. That's not an option because this man, and I'm going to go through the whole thing right now.
I'm going to let it right off for it because I'm really getting myself pissed off, which I shouldn't do.
Well, don't bang on the table because it'll knock the mic out.
Yeah, although that might not be a bad idea.
In fact, I'm so pissed off that I'm taking next Thursday off because next Thursday's UM Kipper.
And I've never taken that off of my life because it would be very hypocritical and phony because I don't practice religion.
And I couldn't give a flying crap less about it, but everybody else is going to be taking that day off.
So I don't know how it should not.
Right?
Okay, and listen to what you need a little bit of practice.
Sharpening up your skills.
Violently opposed to you taking that day off.
Well, I'm taking it.
And at any rate, let me just also tell you this.
This whole deal was ended into it was a done deal.
I don't care who tells you that they talk to me or my agent or anybody else before the Stern show was locked signed in.
And they also signed away whatever part of the 10 o'clock hour to that show to syndicate his death program,
which they have contractually absolutely no right to do that.
It's like Jim Baker sung those condos that didn't exist.
He had about 100 of them and he's wound up selling 50,000 of them.
Well, there's a little bit of problem when people want to get their property.
That's the same thing with this.
And this is a man who just continues negotiating and negotiating himself into a corner and boxings up like that.
Remember we had that big deal between the Marlins and the dolphins I think it was.
Remember there was the conduct and there was a big, big flap and song to dance because obviously we can't carry both games at the same time.
And I think the Marlins always take precedence or is it dolphins?
I don't know.
I don't know.
But there was a big stink about that because we're dealing with snake world salesman management salespeople snake world salesman.
Well, Peddi any kind of crap that they can.
And I get my message across.
No, vague.
Oh, let's see what the polls are so far.
And at no point was I at all.
In fact, I fact you and Eric both the poll for today, right?
We talked about even yesterday.
Sure.
But it's just the idea of sitting and sitting and sitting and waiting and waiting.
Is it ever going to end?
And I don't need that, but there's no format.
In other words, there's no advance warning of like when it's going to end or when she's going to finish doing the news stories or when we're going to finish saying goodbye to her.
Everybody in Manhattan, New Jersey and Connecticut.
It's just a man.
And I knew what even to to some of us whether or not they're going to take that last break.
Right.
Whether or not they're going to even run the spots of people that have bought commercials on their program.
Well, if he's in the right mood to do what they will and if not, they just don't.
That's not a radio show.
It's just a cock.
It's just an ego trip is what that is.
Cock.
Right.
You got it.
133 votes.
Which of these applies to you?
I'm furious that Neil doesn't start at 10 54 40.6%.
I'm a give a rat's ass 26.
I'm ecstatic that Stern is on QA and 25 that's 18 and a half percent.
Everything is fine 16.
That's another 12%.
So what percent of those two?
About 30, man.
There you go.
I have no idea when Neil comes on 11 and I don't listen to Stern just one hundred is one there.
So I guess we didn't vote there.
We'd change our vote.
WQA and hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, I have one that will absolutely positively win by a landslide.
Yes, sir.
Bond, Shaq and Joby.
What does that have to do with the Howard Stern show?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Bond Joby.
Okay, for the poor.
Thank you.
Bond Joby, what are they picking on poor John Bond Joby for?
Probably because he sucks.
Well, that's just a rumor.
No, it's confirmed.
No, it's not.
Who told you, Duff?
Oh, speaking of recording artist, coroner, nine drugs found in Rick James's system.
Well, do we have a list?
It just might be as a matter of fact, but we got a partial list.
Flamboyant funk musician, that's within in.
Rick James had nine drugs in the system when he died suddenly in August, including, oh, yeah, here we go.
It doesn't have all of them, not the whole list that you like, the whole...
How come this thing won't change?
Yeah, that's it.
That's what I was looking for.
But how's this cocaine, methamphetamine, volume, and vicaridine, coroner's report yesterday?
James 56 died in his sleep, August 6, and his LA home of a heart attack, but the drugs in the system...
Wait till you hear this.
Likely contributed to the organ spade of the reports.
Likely.
In other words, not necessarily, but as a chance.
We're expecting a 400 different hallucinogens and all kinds of drugs in his body.
Might have contributed to his heart like finally crapping out.
James Vestnon for his 1981 hit.
In fact, I would say only known for a super freak suffered from diabetes had a pacemaker have been in fragile health after a stroke in 98.
He had been hooked on crack cocaine and once proclaimed himself as an icon of drug use and eroticism.
His family attributed his death to natural causes.
Well, I guess those are some of the natural substances or some of them not.
But the LA County coroner took over the case because James hadn't seen a doctor in recent weeks.
An autopsy failed to establish the cause and toxicology tests were ordered.
The coroner listed nine drugs, including prescription medications for anxiety, pain relief and heart failure, along with cocaine and methamphetamine that were found in James's body.
None of the drugs and drug combinations were found to be at levels that were life threatening in and of themselves.
The report said it gave the cause of death as a heart attack and ruled the death accidental.
James received the lifetime achievement award in June and thank goodness he got that before he croaked.
Had recently finished recording an album and was in talks with Hollywood studios for movie about his life and then all of a sudden.
Stress when he least expected guess what?
That's it. He croaked. His poor heart couldn't take it no more.
How's that line up look today? We got mad dog a tooth.
Thank God the mad dog's on it too.
Oh right.
A pillar of excitement and strength.
Try to goose it off and jump a little bit against that girl's team.
The bangles in Cincinnati this weekend.
I hear they are playing a girl's their playing the bangles not the bangles.
Isn't that it? And he still couldn't beat him.
Manage it to we got Mo Howard David it for these still absent the a wall Hank Goldberg who's on paid leave suspension.
Vacation termination we nobody has any idea so Mo Howard David.
Once again we'll be there to pick up a check and then we got the Marlon pregame at seven the Braves in town real
Passy when they played a Marlon 735 and a KF for the baseball.
New on the geriatric channel you can't hear to put me in a home and the makers of Piff my ride it's
my walker.
Whoa chisel my nizzle and you have a kid.
This walker is spunky.
Get a walker and win.
I can fly.
You is flying.
Come on.
Get my walker.
Brody does.
Detachable callocate bag.
Right on the cowboy.
Get you out.
Let them.
1130 at 560 WQM.
Happy Friday to you.
Happy New Year to all you people out there who just don't understand that New Year's
first.
198 votes on the pool so far which it is applies to you.
I'm sure that it would have been different if we had all the choices on there in the beginning.
Kates my grip.
Sorry it was over at the facts machine.
You were a fact in it.
Yes.
Anyone curious that Neil doesn't start at 10.
86 out of the first 190 that's 43.4% that's dang they're close to half of the audience is not too happy about what Greg read has
Rod.
Half of our audience you see he that evidently doesn't care about you folks who listen to this show.
The whole radio station is going to be based on one show and I'm not trying to demean the Howard Stern show because he's you know I had gigantic numbers and from
At a success and he's making 30 million a year in yada yada yada and a lot of people who listen to Howard have listened to us for a long time.
But there are a lot of people who don't listen to Howard Stern who listen to this show.
Oh what a concept Greg.
I'll screw them I guess is what he's saying screw you people Neil show will start whenever the hell Howard wants to go home.
And of course since next Thursday is you I'm Kipper and he took off yesterday where she's shown and he's about his Jewish is George.
I'm assuming he'll definitely take off next Thursday because you I'm Kipper is much more from than much more serious holiday for you folks.
My folks some of you folks and as a result I'm taking next Thursday off I deserve a nice day off on a due holiday.
I'm going to go out and eat tray if I'm going to go eat cheeseburgers all day on your Kipper.
212 votes I'm furious Neil hasn't started 10 89 42% I'm ecstatic Stern's on QAM 41 19%.
I don't give a rat's ass 31 14.5% everything is fine 23 11%.
So that's again the two real positive categories there that Greg has done a fine job.
I have no idea when Neil comes on 17.
I don't listen to Howard Stern level we just put that on there and start to move up the ladder moving up Jacobs ladder.
How's Jacob doing by the way remember Jacob who you don't know Jacob I know Jacob from the hockey games.
Oh it's because of hockey how those panthers doing.
See if some of you folks would listen to me you'd have some of that money in your pocket right now you can go to the track.
You go out and get laid you could have yourself a great time this weekend but no you went ahead and sent all that money to Alan Cohn in the organization.
When I told you there wasn't going to be a hockey season I told you that wouldn't listen.
Says well Neil there was only a matter of time what three weeks before you started to complain about the Stern show and the fact that runs into your show.
When you said it wouldn't bother you like clockwork you wouldn't last a month before you complaints and overall spite and hatred for the Stern show.
Shown through well tough it's bad enough George influences you about the Stern show make up your own mind.
Yes sometimes the show goes on long and it sucks at times but so these years no this show doesn't go on past two o'clock.
See I had to break the news to you the show ends it too we've always had a like every other radio show that I've ever heard of in my life.
We always have had a definitive time we don't go on until we feel like going home and make mandates sit by there on the days that he shows up.
Wait and wait and wait no we don't do that.
It says so you're in good company relax I thought you like the shorter show.
I do like the shorter show you're right about that I do like working a little bit less but I don't like the fact that our audience is getting screwed over and that there's absolutely no continuity anymore and that see I thought that maybe there would be like a certain window.
You know what I'm saying like maybe between 10 20 and 10 35 some like that would be just about the average time that they crap out on that show.
Sometimes it's 10 15 sometimes it's like today 11 o'clock sometimes it's 11 15 that's and again keeping in mind that consistency is the key.
Ralph Rennick was gigantic doing news in Miami because he was a great newscaster no because it was there for a hundred years and it was there every night six o'clock on channel four at that time.
That's what he used to be which is now channel six.
Do you want to say yeah consistency people love consistency and programming especially in this business and in television as well.
But Greg read Mr. hysteria one day we're doing this and the next day we're doing that one day with the all sports station the next day we're the all outrageous.
Oh speaking of Scott for well by the way nice going Greg of the station that for well was on Atlanta yesterday they went Spanish contemporary music.
So I guess for all maybe I don't know what the deal is with Scott.
I'm silly up losing I am dead now.
I'm not a bad singer.
Exactly so far for out he just keeps getting bounced around there was another another great move there so many moves man and so little time even people with wild diarrhea never had as many movements as Greg read his man the last couple of years.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil yes sir listen long time with an area you got the best show on WQM as far as I'm concerned what is that 35 plus Greg read.
It's doing taken into your space and not giving you the same privileges it gives how it's done yeah that's another well I don't care about that what do you mean by privileges you mean the stuff that you know you you should go on as long as you want take cut in your show.
Was the biggest mistake Greg read of the me but you see I don't want to go on as long as in fact when you say go on as long as I want well I'll tell you about another three minutes sounds good to me.
But you know man it's really yeah we've been a great fan of your show for many years and it's it's a good he broke into your time and that's not the same with us here.
And no consideration for anybody else he just continues wanting to be the big mover and shaker and manipulator and he lies man like a champion this idea that he tells my agent that he discussed it with me in the beginning I had no problem with it there was never one word of discussion with me and by the time I heard about it it was already a dumb deal and the stern deal is that he has to you have to carry the entire thing from the time they start till the time they finally run out of gas like steely then have a great way to know what wiki thank you I had to cut him off because he's making me weep I'm getting upset and of course for that last part of the show.
He had some good points and yes I did change my mind and some respects but you have to experience it for a while we didn't know what it was going to be like sir he came on on the station on August 16 well guess what today is September 17 so yesterday was one month right that we've been carrying the show and going through this experience and exercise which is unlike any that I've ever heard of and dreamed of or had nightmares about in this business this is just out the way radio works Greg but then again what would you know about radio.
Which of these applies to you he asks 251 votes I'm curious Neil doesn't start at 10.
104 41.5% I'm ecstatic stern is on QAM 47 18.7% which is good because that means that those people of course we don't know if those people were stern
the listers to this show before and Howard or not see what I'm saying we don't know right I don't give a rants ass 35 people are just you know they'll go with the flow they don't care they're stoned
everything is fine 24 so that's like uh oh no it's still about 20 a little bit less I have no idea when he'll comes on 21 and I'll listen to Howard Stern I was up to 20.
See this might come as a tremendous shock to Greg but we have a pretty significant section of this audience that doesn't listen to Howard Stern
also that didn't listen to Mo Howard David or that didn't listen to Joe Rose or for all or whatever else preceded us but as a result those people would like to know when hell the show starts they'd like to some clue WQAM hello.
Is this WQAM yes it is.
Oh okay well start to deal speaking.
Huh?
I say this is he this is Neil.
This is Neil?
Sounds like me yes.
Hi Neil can you give me a ticket and then my car.
I hear you're fine.
Okay great I wanted to tell you that I had to stop listening to QAM in the morning.
I could I enjoyed the sports okay even though I'm not a sports fanatic but it was tolerable even with Howard but I can't stand it.
You know Howard you're talking about Mo Howard David.
I know who I can't stand but this Howard Stern thing it's taken me to another level I can't stand it and when I hit him my car I had a clock and put on 560 and he's still on.
Yeah I would have thought my brain got I can't stand it.
I had to stop this.
Well I ain't going to stop I mean there's no way to stop that because he's already it's in the contract it's in the deal.
Well it would be like if you sold your house to do different people see what I'm saying.
Yeah.
And you signed a contract with the people on V notes to each other and you had a little bit of a conflict there and now it leaves you between a rock and a hard place which was where Greg perpetually leaves this radio station between a rock and a hard place.
I don't even know when he goes off because when I can't stand listening to him so much that I just go to my CD player and and and before you know it on my next definition and I miss you entirely so I'm very happy about this.
But thanks for calling everybody.
I thought a letter writing campaign but if we'll do any good.
No no no no.
I will be a campaign of one anyway.
Vote for John Kerry and I stood two or three times instead.
Okay I promise.
Okay thanks.
Love you.
Bye.
Bye now.
See there's a nice lady we actually had a lady call which we have no lady callers and no lady listeners on this formerly sports station.
I wouldn't be surprised if Joe Rose kicked some smelly ass on the ESPN the ticket I don't you want you to think while it'll be something to see.
He's on what like eight to 11 or nine to 11 something like that eight to 11 is it nine to 11 like I said and I just said that nine to 11.
And I think he's going to do pretty good in there.
And of course we can only hope that in days that we come on like at 10 30 10 40 to people who do like this show.
We'll say hey let's turn over and see if Neil is on right now we enjoyed here in the blockhead this morning and all of that.
But let's you think they will.
Yeah that should be our new motto.
Keep switching around baby and see if we're here you never know we might just be in the other hand.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Yeah that was.
It's back in the news.
We want to know what did John Kerry do.
Watch those swift boats.
Now they are making another run those swift boats.
They could determine the election said of course we're conjectured about things more than 30 years old.
It was really bad.
But it's still better than these negative ads.
It's war.
This campaign is a war.
I'm dying out of here.
1145 at 560 WQA and here's Alex and Miami.
I have no choice.
I listen to the catch the beginning of the show.
Thanks Alex.
I don't know.
I'm just aggravated in case you haven't noticed.
I wasn't aggravated when we were sitting here earlier but as that thing had droning on and I'm thinking to myself.
This is as Casey Kason would say this is getting really effing ponderous.
Just waiting and waiting and waiting.
I mean enough already say goodbye.
Go home.
We don't have to thank everybody and then Manhattan phone directory and just to get out of here already.
But again when you're on almost all music stations it doesn't make any difference when you play CCR for the 85th time today.
When you start the music roll it doesn't get impatient.
It's cute up waiting to go.
Exactly.
And it doesn't make any difference what time that music starts.
So it's a whole different concept and of course Greg read never thought about that because Greg read doesn't think he just jumps in with both feet and his head and there's nothing in it.
Which of these applies to you?
I want to change the pool.
Is that a problem for Eric?
I can better not be.
Because I'm foaming it them out.
I think what we were just just let's simplify this and then 1230 will put the other one.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's simplify it.
Two choices.
Which of these applies to you?
I'm happy with the current 6am to 2pm situation on QAM.
Okay. That's along with that.
I'll take a minute.
I'm happy with the 6am to 2pm.
I'm glad we want to see it.
I don't know.
I would schedule.
I'm scheduled.
Schedule.
Okay. Well, that's just that you don't have a schedule.
We got a record of breakfast.
Or I'm unhappy with it.
Right?
Okay.
Now let's take a look at what we had here.
The first 314 votes on this pool, which we're going to Schmidt can in a second.
I'm curious that Neil doesn't start at 10.
124 nearly 40%.
I'm ecstatic.
That extern is on QAM 60, 19.1%.
I don't give a rat's ass 42, 13.3%.
People with crystal radios that only have one frequency.
I don't listen to how it's turned 33 to 9.5%.
That's starting to slide up.
Everything is fine.
32.
I bet you're Maddie Bell and the water Nazi voted a few times.
And I have no idea when Neil comes on 23 out of the first 314.
Okay.
Let's change that.
And in like a 1230 we'll get into the other thing, which is, it'll be up there all weekend long anyway.
What is the most overrated rock group of all time?
And you can call and add your own.
We got Boston, Steeley Dan, Pearl Jam, Dave Matthews Band and Bon Jovi and all those terrible things you say about poor John Bon Jovi.
Are true.
Anyway, Mother of G.I.
Killed in Iraq, arrested and chaotic scene.
This story just makes you want to barf.
The mother of a South Brunswick New Jersey man killed in Iraq was arrested yesterday.
After interrupting a speech by first lady Laura Bush during a campaign event in a Hamilton Firehouse.
Sue Niederr, who are assured with a photo of her son, Army Lieutenant Seth Dvorin, that red President Bush you killed my son.
Dvorin died in February and Niederr said she asked the first lady why her daughters and the children of other politicians weren't serving in Iraq.
She pulled kind of a Michael Moran, L president his wife.
At that point it became chaotic and I was pushed in shove said Niederr of Hopewell New Jersey.
They engulfed me.
It wasn't plain ordinary folks, but people ensued with their phones.
The crowd chanted four more years as Secret Service agents surrounded Niederr and escorted her outside.
Once outside Niederr said she was handcuffed and placed in a police van after trying to speak with reporters she was charged with trespassing.
I had a ticket to get in she said adding that Hamilton Police kept her ticket as evidence.
I was there legitimately.
Niederr said she obtained a ticket by going to Republican campaign headquarters on Tuesday as a local newspaper had advise readers to do.
She said some campaign workers recognized her as an outspoken anti-war activist but still gave her a ticket.
No one stopped Niederr when she was checked in by name at yesterday's event.
Before Niederr was outburst in the fire how some people standing near her commented on her shirt expressing sympathy Niederr said.
After her shouted question Niederr said at least one person spoken her defense saying she has a right to speak.
She's a mother.
A man standing near her noticed the divorce shirt and told her his son had served with a soldier in Iraq Niederr said.
Anya de Ate, Kuzma.
Niederr has an October 12th court date in the Hamilton New Jersey.
How do you like that?
Okay.
President Bush you killed my son.
Can't protest not against this administration because they'll throw you like the start we had about the t-shirt.
Do you remember that?
But who would want to accept some liberal night anyway?
Let's see here's one for the poll.
I listen to Joe Rose on 790 till Neil comes on.
Well we've done that one about what you're listening to before but thanks Brian and Koke on a quick understand I get it.
What do you think the chances what do you think the percentage of our audience is that is listening when we when the steering goes off when we finally start every day.
About 30.
About 30 man.
No, I don't even think that.
Hey, it says here I want I never thought I would say this but I want Mo back and what a prophetic thought that is is this unnamed thanks you but they want Mo back.
That's how the first read of the hour with the current shenanigans going on on the radio station.
Okay, we're going to be changing that pool. I'm was Eric is right on top of a nice going Eric and I apologize profusely for putting you through all this exercise.
Okay. No, I don't.
Anyway, here's the promos for today.
We got the three of us matter fact.
Look for the QM van 5 to 7 at the publics at 1525 North 107th Avenue in Miami.
Stop by to spin the deal for our usual very embarrassing low budget prizes at the rock green.
The light beer display rock solid rock green light beer joined the big O speaking of that and a QM QT 6 to 8 tonight at the O.
A nightclub.
A nightclub located at 2101 South University Drive in Davy when prizes enjoy happy hour with two for one drink specials.
And also the night the QM van will be at the Kendall ale house made to 10 p.m. stop stop by for specials on course light.
And the Miami Hurricanes tickets. How do you like that for all of these things going on today?
All of these things WQM. Hello.
WQM. Hola. Hello.
Hi. This is sunny Fox in the view rock.
Wow. Like adding up on sunny. I wanted to hear what he had to say.
I didn't. I think it starts with.
Cool. WQM. Hello.
Not there. WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. I got one for the overrated rock band.
Please add on their metallic because they really cool.
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you, Neil.
Feet.
Got it. Metallica.
Got it. Okay. Well, we're working on all kinds of polls at the same time.
Yeah. I bet your screen can relate speaking of polls. What a segue bush leads in one poll tied to another one.
Boy, that galopol is really scary in the pew research poll.
Taken September 11 to 14 after bush was up 12 points or more from the previous poll.
It's almost dead even.
The first of two national polls by pew done September 8 to 10 reflected the president's post convention bounce.
Bush was ahead 52 to 40 among registered voters, even a wider margin among likely voters 54 39.
He was head by 15 points.
But the second poll done September 11 to 14 in that poll.
Bush lead had evaporated in that poll. Bush and carry a tied 46% among registered voters among likely voters.
Bush has had only 1.4746.
But in the galopol. Now, how come it doesn't say in this story? I got here. This is really a crappy story.
Where is the gal? Here it is.
Bush is 54 to 40 in a three-way matchup with native with 3%.
14 points up according to galop, which always is lean to the right conditionally through the years, but nevertheless, that's not looking really all that good.
You know, looking kind of disgusting.
Enough to make it bar.
5670560.
Most overweighted rock group of all time, pound 560 Verizon and singular wireless lines.
Line 9, WQA. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I've been a Stern Neil listener for years.
And what I do now is I don't know if you put this on your poll or not, but what you do is you get on the radio in the morning.
Listen to 1310 because they don't plot everything out.
Then I hang on until Stern's time goes.
1310.
Oh, the Palm Beach station.
Oh, you're a little 3.1.
You mean the band?
I don't know if you put one.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't be doing those AMS.
And I listen.
I listen.
The radio plays acting.
Yeah, I listen to Howard.
And the longer he stays on, the better your show is going to be when he signs off.
So what I do is I wait until, you know, when he gets around 10, 30, quarter to 11, and he signs off, I clip over to your show this about 30 seconds a day.
And you come on and go bonkers for the first half hour.
It's the best radio on the areas.
Like I said, I sure like having the hard stay on as long as he wants.
Yeah, I think it's great too because I get to flip over and listen to you just go ap, excuse me.
No, I'ma say that video.
Nice, nice recovery.
I can't, didn't I handle that well.
Caught that right out of me.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Hey, man.
We'll see you in the next video.
Bye.
Well, there's a guy he's pretty happy.
Let's see how this other poll is coming so far.
See, it's kind of like Phity Phity, but Phity Phity ain't going to be very good, you know what?
First 26 votes, they don't mean too much.
I'm unhappy with the 6th and the 2PM situation on Q and 15 happy with it 11.
So that's almost Phity 50.
That's not good.
We can't afford to have a more than half our audience like unhappy, right?
Right.
Like this guy just said he's happy.
Yeah.
There's one.
And I think he made a really good point.
I like working a lot less.
Maybe I just had like a little brain fart there.
It was just to exasperate.
We were all exasperated this morning because I keep pushing like well, what are they doing now?
Are they in the still as she's still in the news stories?
And are they doing it?
Did they do the break or they're going to do the break?
We don't know.
It's just totally unpredictable.
It's off the wall.
It's not radio.
It's not freaking radio.
I don't care if they got a 70's here.
It's not radio.
Yeah.
You can't complain about the format on it.
It's okay.
Because there isn't any.
Anyway, Hector says I can't stand stirring in one light item in your current poll should be.
How many listeners will no longer listen to WQM?
I for one I'm pretty close to that point says Hector.
Sounds like a threat to me.
Hector don't threaten us.
Okay, you love us.
Don't leave us.
We love you Hector.
Just don't leave.
Please.
We need everyone.
Most overrated Brock Van I love this.
Oh, two good choices on you.
From DP.
You too.
And Van Halen.
Hey boy.
Oh boy.
No wonder he couldn't choose between the two.
Let's get him a boat on.
You are the only real ruckus.
Exclusively.
I'm 560.
Hey, I'm Frao.
Ilya and I.
Ross Leidman.
And I like rubbing my slidrilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near ruckus.
I'm gonna use the hour.
Take high and pull.
Happy New Year Greg.
You'll go your shirt.
His head is your rock solid.
They raise the terror level high.
And I'm afraid I'm going to die.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
Oh.
They say how cater has a chance.
And I think I just beat my pants.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy now.
Woo.
I'm worried.
Woo.
I'm not happy.
Woo.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
I like the stores and clothes that drapes.
I've bought a hundred rows of duct tape.
I'm worried.
And I'm not happy.
If they change it from orange to red.
I'll go and hide under my bed.
I'm worried.
Oh, my, my, my, my.
I'm not happy.
Look at me.
I'm not happy.
Woo.
I'm not worried.
I'm not happy.
I'm not worried.
I'm not happy.
From our three at five sixty WQM Happy Friday to you.
We got the Marlon game tonight.
And of course in between we got Mad Dog and Mo.
Mad Dog and Mo.
Five six seven.
Let's get this other pool bill.
I think we'll leave this one on here till one.
Okay.
Because we're kind of like doing all this as we go along today.
Doing it by hand.
So to speak.
Can I say that?
No.
We're doing it by a rote.
I'll ask choice.
Yeah.
And I just do it if we can do it by hand.
I'd like to do it like by fist, like writing her teeth.
Okay.
Is what I would like to do her by bed anyway.
We'll leave this one on to one in the meantime.
We'll like build this pool.
And then when we get it on there will be there all weekend.
Anyway, so I have plenty of chance to vote on the most overrated rock group of all time.
I'm sure we'll have a fine list.
Don't you think?
Oh, we're fine.
By the time we get true.
Let's see.
George and Miami spelled just the same way you spelled as an American.
I don't think.
Like I read that.
That's a mere, I probably only two.
Anyway, he says for the other than maybe George Velasquez.
It's okay if he starts late but bring back the fart sounds.
Now you're talking, George.
Yeah.
For the overrated rock band.
Lenny Kravitz is considered a band.
No.
You see?
No.
No.
I mean, how can we hate him?
But we are.
The guy who do it.
He has music too.
No, we don't like.
We don't like the fancy.
We can't stand.
I don't even know what that's all about.
Plus to look at him is the puke from.
But no, he's not a band.
And thanks for being the voice of reasons as George and Miami.
He should be band.
He should be band from coast to coast and beaten from pillar to post.
560, 560, 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines on a singularly bizarre day.
I don't know.
I'm not glad we're only doing three hours.
I just don't like the way it happens.
You know what I'm saying?
Again, I'm not taking back what I said about getting the same money for working less.
That's fine.
But it's just not right.
It's just not being done right.
Like everything else, Gray.
At least one thing about Gray.
He may not be good, at least he's consistent.
He does everything half-assed.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and half-ass.
You know what I'm saying?
QA and?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I just wanted to voice down.
I'm just trying to understand this on the string thing.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening to you for a long time and I love your show.
I've tried that with you.
You got the most listenable show.
That's what you want.
You ought to come to the door, man.
Yeah, well, I'm talking about show.
That's what you want.
Because usually we're just driving around in a car and we just want something to listen to.
It's fun to pass the time.
So, at least forget, you know, this has to take place to listen to.
But I've been listening to Stern the morning, too.
I used to push over.
But this doesn't really bother me.
I can understand why you're a little annoyed because they stretch it out.
And that doesn't bother me because I would at 10 o'clock I'd always push over to you anyway.
But I don't know.
I think people shouldn't be like, it shouldn't be like, if they like you, they hate you, they hate you, they hate you.
No, absolutely not.
Of course not.
We want all of Stern listening as many as they like this show, but not at all.
I wonder if you're more, I wonder if you're more, I mean,
aside from your real hysterical nearly fans that are like, you've got worship you and, you know,
there's a lot of them cheer a lot.
It's just people that just like to listen to something that's pushing the boat, and that'll be fine.
And I have one fan for the thing that I can't believe no one said yet.
It's the ultimate overrated fan I think ever.
Be a grateful fan.
Oh, I want to change the tone.
I think you just did the jackpot.
I mean, great.
How much is fan, people, people, people devote their whole lives to the fan,
and no one should be only saw in the air, but it was trucking, and that was wasn't even a good song.
Amen.
And he's still dead by the way anyway.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
Have a great weekend.
That's a great call.
How do you like that?
Wow.
See?
But I do like that cherry garcia.
In fact, I like any, no, I don't like, I take that back.
I don't like any Ben and Jerry's.
I like most of them, especially that coffee toffee crunch.
The good news is that I can't find it lately for some reason anywhere.
I bet you I may have to go back to Nestle's turtle after this show today.
I have to go out and get a couple of tubs.
Don't do it, Tubby.
Because Greg Reed is going to drag me to eating again.
When I've been doing so well, I lost these 12 pounds, which it is back to 12 now.
Now that I got the hell out of there and get off the couch from that hurricane.
But I just I don't know.
I just have to go into an eating frenzy this weekend because Greg Reed just drives me crazy.
I just want to walk around.
Well, like that.
And of course in any big city including this one, there's a lot of crazy people walking around
loose and talk to themselves.
And like so I wouldn't even stand out at that point.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
That article you read before about that woman who is arrested for wearing a t-shirt.
Right.
I'm from that town and I've actually cried and laughed at the same time because that area is so
Republican and they are basically like they're so again any kind of human rights.
It's like another like country in there.
That's why the Republicans went there and gave that speech because they have a very good problem.
They've been preaching to the choir.
That's right.
I don't want anybody who disagrees at all anywhere within 100 miles of wherever they are.
Yeah.
In fact, I talked to my father who lived down there.
He's a big Republican there.
I told him I wanted to see him Michael Moore movie and he is when I can't say the word he called me for seeing the movie
and how anti-American I was.
Yeah, exactly.
Right.
I just like keep their mouth closed and I basically haven't talked to him since the 9-11 movie.
And I probably never called him again.
I told him I got him to take that spot.
Tell him to stop it.
Yep.
Good luck, guys.
Hang in there, pal.
Thank you.
Early and often, man, both several times at least.
Stop turning, man.
Or show those vans.
Let's see.
Here's, oh, oh, I think I recognize this handwriting.
Oh, yeah.
Don't you?
Sure.
Or am I wrong?
Am I making a baby?
No, no, it's very familiar, but I mean it might not be the one we think.
Oh, okay, good.
It says it's an advocate, I'm listening.
No, this is not who I thought.
I apologize in advance.
More than 10 years, my radio dial rarely left 560 WDQIN.
But with the new changes at the station, my selections have also changed.
I've tried to listen to Stern, but it just doesn't work for me.
Great read won't like to hear this, but 790 ESPN is working for me.
Oh, I listen to Joe Rose and you we love Joe Rose.
And usually to the end of his show, then I turn to 560.
Sometimes you're on, sometimes you hear anything else robin and I just gag.
4 to 7, I spent on 790 till hammer gets back.
And when you all have sporting news radio, I much prefer ESPN.
Sorry, great.
How do you like that?
That's what Greg says, Greg.
Says he's not too happy with your screw it all around.
And this business about when Hank gets back, who says he's coming back?
The scuffle butt around the Georgia's crotch this morning was his left nut tells him that the hump is not coming back.
I do have a psychic one.
He has a psychic scroat.
That's a crystal ball.
Which is these, well don't break it.
Which is these applies to you 86 votes.
And this is our second out of 100 polls today.
Why not they get a whole lot of polls, okay?
I'm unhappy with the 6am to 2am 2pm.
What about it is a thing, 44 now look at how close this is, huh?
44 say they're unhappy.
42 say they're happy out of 86.
So it's like almost neck and neck.
But and that may sound great, but that's not great.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah, but what are you going to do?
Cry.
Okay.
Ow!
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Not there.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, do you have hours?
WQAM, hello.
Cry.
Okay.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
I echo everything in that fact that you just read.
I listen to Joe Rosen and Warren.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
I'm going to listen to Joe Rosen.
No, they're not.
I think basically that's what it's been now for quite some time.
Is this show and sister Mary Mannwich and the Hopper.
That's it.
That's the meat and potatoes, the art and soul.
What about how it's...
This whole deal about every few days to read well.
Very Jack S. Wright's Hank Goldberg hasn't heard anything from station management
and has no idea what's going on if or when he'll be...
How long can that go on?
How many more months?
About 30, man.
Huh?
I mean, I could see if he had like seven months left on his deal and he was sitting on his fat ass
getting fatter and fatter waiting for the paycheck every week.
I've been through that.
That's fine.
All we wouldn't be happy about it.
But the deal ends October 1 from what I understand and the article the other day said he can start
negotiating with other places September 1.
Today is already September 1.
Today is already September 17, which means it sounds like two weeks from today.
Don't end October 1.
Look at the calendar, right?
24, 30th.
Okay.
Right?
Right.
October 1, two weeks from today.
So, you know, it's time to either wipe it or get off the pot, Greg,
because it really starting to smell very, very bad.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM, you're confused, you're bizarre, you're, uh, station.
Hey, you know, this is one of those times when many of you might need help fast.
Thankfully, dial amacres delivered the same day all across South Florida right to your dough.
When you call 1-800-MACres, you'll choose from the deepest and whitest selection of vetting all available for same day delivery.
Call 1-800-MACres right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery.
And you still get to pick the date and to our window for delivery to fit your schedule.
And dial amacres don't forget is on time just about all the time 99.7% of the time as close to perfect as humanly possible.
dial amacres is ranked number one, a customer satisfaction.
These folks were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch of excellence award.
When you call 1-800-MACres, like I've been doing for years, by the way, you'll choose from the complete line of Serta,
Seely, King Coral, Simmons, Tempropdic, and Sterns and Foster Hewitt.
No off-brands, no BS, no second, no craft, just the top names in amacres business.
All the smart folks are doing what you ought to be doing the same.
Forget about the vetting and department stores and paying for their big overheads for the best deal all the way around.
Log on to macrace.com or make that one easy call from right there on your Fed-ass.
Call 1-800-MACres 1-800-MATTRES.
Enter Brown, Sterns, John, Rio Rogers, Mortensen, Middits, and course around the clock to fight for the war.
We are...
Yes!
That's the answer, that's the answer, that's the loop.
What?
That's the answer, that's the answer.
That's the answer, that's the answer.
Hey!
That's the answer, that's the answer, that's the answer, that's the answer, that's the answer.
That's the answer, that's the answer, that's the answer, that's the answer, that's the answer, that's the answer.
Well here's chronic Craig in Miami Facts, this is, I wish Howard was not longer.
We knew he had a mental problem, Craig, and now it's pretty obvious.
Finally, finally admitting it.
Let's see, here's one from Elmer that says, please add Creed to your poll.
People who are losing corporate blood, sterile antiseptic, other than that's great.
Good choice, Elmer, Creed.
Are they Christians too?
Josh, I don't know.
They're one of these Christians.
I think they used to be.
I see what that was.
Oh, they used to be with the convertible now just in time for Russia's show on their...
Oh, yeah, they have money.
Maybe they're in the cabala.
Craig.
Huh?
Or maybe they're going to move to Carbola.
I don't know.
Here's one that says, and obviously now see, here's another person who was not listening the last hour when we came out 11
because they had no idea what time we come on.
Because I talked about Scott Farrell and about the fact that the station in Atlanta changed format where he was working and they went to Spanish contemporary music.
It says, bring back Scott Farrell, get certain off the air.
Clear channel fired him because they changed radio format.
We just talked about that.
But again, you get a free pass because nobody has any idea what time this show starts, including us.
Okay, let's get a whole bunch more names on that poll and quit all his belly ache and we like short shows.
Five, six.
It just would be a much...
Couldn't there be a much less painful way of doing it?
You know what I mean?
There must be.
For example, it would be much better for me on my part if I didn't have to hear like that last, because we don't listen to that show.
Every now and then we punish Josh in there.
We force him to put the pot in queue and hear what they're doing so we get some kind of idea when they might finish with those stories already.
Well, to make you listen so that we don't have to hear are they done yet?
No, all morning long.
Right.
But the bottom line is that I don't want to hear that last minute because the dead end of the story really frosted my head.
Neil?
Yes sir.
Web Zeppelin.
I agree.
Wholeheartedly, Georgian is going to be too happy to have that.
Where are the poor dogs worst movie ever?
Really?
Yes, for dopey white guy, so to one of the losers.
No.
I didn't like it either.
Thanks a lot pal.
Oh, can't we know you didn't like that.
So one out of two ain't bad.
He doesn't like Led Zeppelin.
I like Led Zeppelin, but you know, yeah I can't disagree.
It's another state of mind thing.
You know, it's like the Rascal House of Music.
And by the way, where does it go?
That's the stairway to heaven.
Heaven?
And what are we going to be doing up there?
Are we going to be praising God or praising God?
Oh God, you're good.
Oh God, you're good.
You're good.
I'll praise.
I'll take a pass on that.
I'd rather have a hot time down south.
Somebody QA him, hello?
And you just want to say it's great to have our stern on.
Great for you to follow.
The one to complain directly to Howard about his ego.
What do you mean by that?
You have the time when his ego is sent.
Yeah, I do.
So why don't you complain directly to him?
I think you get the word across to him.
You understand.
He doesn't care about what I think.
Nor do I have any interest in speaking to him or conveying a message to him.
That's why I have a radio show.
Uh-oh, okay.
But once again, great to have Howard Stern.
Excellent.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Yeah, I do have a problem with his ego.
It's mass.
I mean, is there any debate that he's got a gigantic ego?
That he would like to be on for 15 hours if he could physically take it and anybody would err it.
I don't have any doubt about that.
He's just all over the place.
But that's him, you know?
But it's like, and you know something.
If you want to send him a tape or what I'm saying, I have no problem with that.
What the hell are you here?
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey George.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
What do you got?
How about you two?
Me too.
How about you two?
I guess what we haven't put that one on you.
We're not putting that on the little one o'clock, right?
Right.
Because we want to take a look and well, we just want to see this.
I think this is a little bit disturbing right now, a little bit of research.
Since the station doesn't do any promotion, any research, they don't do anything.
They've just sit around around Greg's conference table there with all of his sidekicks.
They're a scruan and Maddie Bell and Ray Perry.
And of course, his underlings there, his yes men, mufflinzy and clearance,
who are both peen in their pants every time Greg farts the wrong flavor.
And then they sit around there unilaterally and this he decides.
And they, oh yes Greg, yes Greg, yes master, yes master, good idea master.
Hundred and three.
And then of course, after everything blows up and everybody's faced and they say,
oh well, it was Greg's idea.
They say that behind his back.
See there, there you go, the difference.
I'll be more than happy to say anything directly to his face or Howard Stern's face or anybody else's face,
unless they're a lot bigger than me and dangerous.
Uh, that I say on the air.
Hundred and thirty nine votes, which of these applies to you?
I'm unhappy with the current situation.
Six to two on QA.
I'm seventy three fifty two and a half percent of this audience is on freaking happy.
How do you like that?
They are unhappy.
Is that acceptable?
It's going to have to be.
It's not.
What you might think it is, but it's not.
I'm happy with a six to two is like sixty nine.
Oh, I can't say that.
Forty eight point two percent.
So fifty two to forty eight so far percent.
Unhappy.
And again, it's not like it's not like which side wins.
That's not the point.
The point is what we got a half or close to it or a little more than that.
And the audience who's like that out of shape, that doesn't vote well.
But you know something the paycheck still is salmon.
I'll take it.
I just want to go on a public record today, letting the audience know that we have been just used and abused.
I mean, let's move it tonight and o'clock.
Let's put it on whatever steering goes on.
Yeah, here's the show that's been the top rated show on this station from the day that I sat my fat ass down in that chair down there.
And that horse ball studio on the second floor and Georgia course being the lemon that he is getting to all the crap that they think that he've had him.
That's all we've done with little or no publicity of any real kind.
Couple of billboards and that's about it.
Here's the show that the general manager of the radio station one day walking out of the tea room says to me.
Boy, before you came here, we never had any ratings on the station, which of course wasn't true because Hank had some good books before I came to station.
But you know, once this show started, they got rid of a lot of that sports garbage they had in midday.
And we had gigantic numbers and they made them a lot of money.
So let's take the most successful, the most highly rated show and let's dig all around with it.
Let's move it here and move it over there and let's try to just won't stop with this man.
He just never never stops dealing around.
See, call me crazy, but you're crazy when it gets to be like about 157 when our last commercial break comes on every day.
See, this is the way radio works when it gets to be that point.
Now listen, if let's say I'm going to come back with about two minutes to go, I'll play like a bit, a comedy bit about a minute.
I make sure I had to see how long it is so I don't slap over in the mad dog show.
And then I come back and if I have time and bye bye bye and I'm watching city pulse, I have it on there because they have the digital clock so that we get out within five or 10 seconds of two o'clock right on the dot.
Usually a little ahead a couple of seconds ahead of time.
That's the way it works.
I can think back to the worst team.
Even that used to just drive me crazy and they'd send Robert Grieper and to tell us all what are going to be about two minutes late.
They had a great phone interview and they got a lot of spots to run.
How great what phone interview could have been if it was about the end of the world about nuclear weapons dropping on homestead.
You know, that I can understand, but it was a report.
Yeah, with a job with some dumb job with some stupid ass coach that we've heard 80 million times in the last week already.
Same, you know, the same slick here.
Pat Riley is all those other guys.
By the way, how you doing Pat?
How about that hockey season baby?
Yeah, you little ruckus.
It's called for that send the panther's you money by saying you this.
This radio station and today is Russia Shana, the Jewish New Year.
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths, we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year.
Hey, hey, happy New Year!
Hey, hey, that's it.
Go home, okay?
Oi!
I'm dying over here.
She's way we so early in hour.
Looks like the quaker rose, guys.
That's a movie.
Snows from the body, roll balls.
Barbara Bush has 40,000 ice balls of her ice.
Stop now!
It happened when she realized she raised more criminal clowns.
Barbara Bush has 40,000 ice.
And she's nasty, old and crappy.
And she raised for the police if that's this.
She's a troustance and takes a grip to an egg.
Why do those sad say why no boys?
What's like she's carrying a bowl of ball between her thighs and eyes?
Money fell midnight.
She doesn't teach her four.
And then she's always surprised.
She's with the one she talked.
Barbara Bush has not even fell midnight.
She gave us your voice and she must try to match in the middle of a broken voice.
I'll be rich and fat.
And smells just like the magic sauce.
I'm a big nut.
Barbara Bush, three apples on it for nine.
I'm a fair day with money.
That will be mine.
26 to one.
Let's get this pool off of it.
Let's get the other one on there.
Open running.
This pool is our second of three today.
Boy, three for the price of none.
I'm going to put it in.
I said, howdy.
173 votes.
Which of these applies to you?
I'm unhappy with the 62 line up on QM 95.
That's 55% on happy.
Not happy.
Unhappy.
Unhappy.
I'm happy with the 62 78 45%.
Well, I don't want to continue with that because it's getting too depressed.
So let's put the other one on there.
What is the most overrated rock group of all time?
And we had 100 because we got to get moving on that.
We got to get a whole bunch of names on that before too.
Right.
Right.
Now, I just had this fact.
I think for the first one I saw the fact I thought that was a fake that you made up about
Jung Kippur.
Jung Kippur, excuse me.
I want to say Jung Kippur because that sounds like something fishy to me.
Yeah, it sounds.
No, it sounds.
Jung Kippur starts sunset Friday September 24.
So I double checked that I have my day planner here like a planner.
And then sunset Saturday September 25.
So really, Jung Kippur is next Saturday.
So if I were to take a Thursday based on Jung Kippur, I'd be full of crap.
So I can't do that.
I'll be here.
And I know that for a fact because I looked it up in my poll financial group day planner for 2004.
I'm beginning these for years.
I don't have any idea who these people are.
I never did any business with these people.
I never had insurance with them.
But I thank them very much.
These are great day planner books.
You know the ones I'm talking about?
Yes, I do.
You got one?
No.
Well, they don't like it.
But I've seen it.
Peggy, faithful female listener, faxes in and says,
I used to listen to 560 from the time I would wake up in the mornings.
The first team, then Joe Rose, you and Mad Dog.
Hank, I would listen to sometimes.
Now I'd listen to Joe on 790.
Then I flip over to 560 after 1030 until you come on.
I hate the new format.
I'm not a Howard Spurman fan.
Says, faithful listener, Peggy.
Well, Peggy, what can we do?
You know, we're doing the best we can under impossible circumstances.
Because we got a boss who just everything with him is a knee jerk reaction.
Oh, look at this.
I'm doing this and I'm doing that.
I'm a big shot.
Yeah, I'm really impressed.
Get a haircut, by the way, Schmuck.
Let's see.
Here's Big Mighton St. Pete who says, oh, he says,
steely Dan is great.
Oh, wow.
See, you should never start at the bottom.
No, I shouldn't start at the bottom as fax.
It says, I'm an internet listener.
Every morning you tell me I get my coffee, get my snack turn on your feed.
Of course, it's 10 o'clock.
You can't get our feed because that's another thing on the internet.
We can't feed the stern.
Even if we had extra cheeseburgers, I read the stories.
Pepe I had to curtain have a few laughs.
Don't forget behind the curtain today it's posh spice, Victoria Beckham.
David Beckham is missed.
I can't listen to the whole show because it worked, but I always catch the beginning of the show.
Now I can't be sure when you start it's the most ridiculous.
Listen to this.
Big Mighton St. Pete says, it's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard streaming silence.
Simon and Garfunkel would be embarrassed.
People like a routine in this wreck my routine.
Yes, he says, I have no life.
I found this link about your old panel Goldstein.
What we don't care about that.
He says he likes food more than sex.
The biggest liar George Bush, when we know that, most overweight advanced sticks.
I think he might have a point there, you know.
Well, that's one of those that they started out good and they went really shocking.
Yeah.
A lot of real syrupy stuff.
Anyway, sticks.
We'll put it on there.
STYX.
I'm sure that Josh knows how to spell sticks and stones.
Spelt it already.
Don't put the stones on there.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8.
Come on, let's get a couple hundred names for the list.
Let's get off of it.
All this other modeling stuff, crying over spilled milk.
There's nothing we can do.
The guys sign all these different contracts.
They all can inflict.
He's got a whole bunch of people very unhappy.
The audience is unhappy.
Moe is unhappy.
The hopper is unhappy.
Gildies unhappy.
Where it gets starting to get really unhappy.
And, you know, I don't leave too much.
Mad dog, he's happy.
Oh, right.
He only works like two or three days a month.
Plus he gets to do those ball games with his good post personal buddy.
Absolutely.
WDQAM. Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing, pal?
Very good.
Can you do me a favor?
Yes, sir.
Next time you see Greg Reak, can you kick him in the ball, swarming, and tell me if he falls
to his knees?
If he had any.
Oh, well, yeah.
All right.
Viva la hammer.
Okay.
Right.
There you go.
Viva la hammer, baby.
Viva la hopper.
Viva the fat one.
That was Friday.
Anyway, don't forget our all-as-Zillion appearances today all over the place.
Quality string.
QAM fan 5 to 7 at the public's 1525.
That's 1525 in English.
Northwest 107th Avenue.
Miami Stop-Hide is spend the wheel for prizes at the Rock Green Lightbeard display.
And, of course, the big O, who is rock solid.
And the QM QD6-8 tonight at the Eden Night Club at 2101 South University Drive and
baby, win more of those crap prizes.
And enjoy a happy hour with two for one drink specials.
That's the highlight.
And tonight the van will be at the Kendall Ale House 8 to 10.
Lot of drink and a lot of booze in it up tonight.
Stop by for specials on Cours Light and win Miami Hercun's tickets as well.
Maybe.
If you're lucky, if you're real, real lucky.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Pretty good.
Good.
Got a question for you.
Was it ever determined what actually got the hammer on vacation?
Oh, allegedly.
I mean, I was not vacation myself.
I was, I think, in Europe at the time.
And I read the articles in the paper.
And, of course, then I started talking to some people.
I still can't get any information.
It had something to do with Jeffrey Luria and his marital situation or something.
I really don't know the details.
And I thought there had to be something more than that.
And people say, oh, no, well, that was it.
And I guess the Marlin organization, they were all bent out of shape.
And as a result, the man's been put into limbo.
I mean, this man gets suspended more than most people get laid.
I mean, since we've been on the stations, I'm suspended about 500 times already.
Because I think Greg's got a personal bug up his ass about Hank myself.
That's unbelievable.
Hey, I got one for your fault, too.
Yes, sir.
How about Chicago?
You don't like Chicago?
No, they started out good, but they're doing Christmas albums.
I mean, no, I like God.
OK, put it on.
I'll go.
See you.
OK, just whistle or something.
Bitch better have my money.
How much of this going to play?
About that much of my Chicago CD.
You don't have to go into a total panic and step for them.
I'll let the Schwarzenegger music.
They're especially on Russia's show.
Man, that's that's disrespectful.
That is on daily.
I think that was more means.
I was at the moments doing it.
Well, I mean, Chicago, the tremendous music.
You got points.
Let me start out because Terry Catluas brains a Bobby's on the land.
Huh?
Don't put Chicago on their please.
Did you put it on?
I did.
Yeah, you are.
I believe a man.
What do you feel?
He called me.
People can send me those.
I did put the people.
You put the people on there.
Yeah.
I have one thing for you to think about during the break.
Yeah, can Greg read?
For listening to Neil Rogers.
It's a good looking girl on 560-50.
Q-A-L.
Yes!
Yes!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
That's not the right one.
Hello, Larry.
Where you before me giving you
and you can really tell I do it for goodbye.
Are you sure?
Where you singing in a song
and you're smoking a bomb
for goodbye, by my side?
I'm full of those unknowns.
Well, in the days of days
you're not seen for the days
for goodbye, by my side.
Yes!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Yes!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Oh!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Yes!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Come on!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Well, there were either girls
and the new bow heen is smoking a bomb.
Oh, my God.
Well, in the black clothes
and dry many crimes
for goodbye.
Oh, my God!
This is me and our family
is always smoking a bomb.
Oh!
Let's go, let's go, smell, survive.
Let's go, smell, survive.
Oh!
Let's go, smell, survive.
What's all this?
Let's go, smell, survive.
Ah!
Come on!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Oh!
Oh!
I'm dying over here.
I had no life.
Oh, and these things.
Everybody's so alive.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Well, there's supposed to be some words here,
but I forgot them because I smoked you much, fine.
I went to Lollapaloo's and everybody out there was smoking, fine.
I saw flying, failing, and the midnight,
but eventually everything broke and it marked with a big,
let's go, smell, survive.
Let's go, smell, survive.
Oh!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Let's go, smell, survive.
All right.
Come on!
Let's go, smell, survive.
Okay.
Come on!
Come on!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
There are friends with Letter from your Lady,
Listen, who does not like Stuart,
and no offense.
I never listened to your show before, Stuart and came on now.
I listened to Stuart and the car and it worked on the Internet.
I listened to your show, it's great.
Thanks, a new fan, Lisa from Margate, you love you, Lisa.
I knew like that.
That's one of the great things that we've ever received.
Didn't it?
The same.
Well, who knows?
Now maybe we'll do that on Monday for a little bit. We'll find out how many new people listen to this show who are stirring people who never listen to it before when that be great
No, we're gonna say hold on man, huh? Let's change the poll and do it now
Oh, you're gonna drive for Eric to eat. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't take much to do that
Yeah, I'm thinking already about all this stuff. I'm gonna eat this weekend
I'm gonna have a great week on eating for I am gonna have an eating frenzy
It's all your food. I mean, I don't drink
I can't drink even if I wanted to which I don't because being diabetic
It's not a good idea and of course eating all that stuff. I'm gonna eat isn't a good idea either, but at least it tastes good
Right right Richard says I've been a loyal listener for years your show continues to be excellent right on Richard
And also enjoy George when you're on vacation, but this current format or lack of format is terrible says Richard
dick
Over the years you've said hundreds of times if you don't like it change the dial
But in this case we love it, but it's like so many other things in life
We love it, but we don't know when we're gonna get it
Well a lot of us can relate to that. Yeah, let's just stop there to some how it's turned is entertaining to me
He is not please pass this on to the management. Okay, Richard said he's not
Leave the near Roger show alone. Here's the here is the
Definitive line coming from one of our astute listers no less
It goes to show you I have to be have some kind of a title and be some kind of a radio jackball to
Figure it out he said leave the near Roger show alone stop fixing the one show that isn't broken says Richard
Let's hear it for dick. All right
Not incredible how it's succinctly he summed that up there in the last sentence
Got his thumb right on it
Perfect
Okay, we got the new pull up our 18th poll of the day. I'll tell you one thing
We may not be on very long, but we sure pack a lot of crap into there, you know
Yeah
Well, I had a pause because they're on CNN
They just had an ad for a toilet or something while Anderson Cooper was on there just want to sit well
What is the most overrated rock group of all time? That's the pull. We got 72 votes on this poll
Just went up there only moments ago the grateful dead is the 17 there off to the races and rightfully so they suck
Rest in peace jury, but I do like that cherry garci ice cream so many good flavors and so little time, you know
Creed nine you two seven the Beatles have got six that's on American
Led Zeppelin five and Haaland five Boston five they've Matthew's band four Pearl Jam four
Steely Dan four sticks to the Eagles two which I didn't know we put them on her
How can the Eagles be overrated? Wow?
Metallica to and Chicago. Thank God
Doesn't have any
We like to take it back. He's talking about
You know I Chicago I like Chicago talk about it off
One of the few things you don't argue about oh
Their ladder stuff got very small
You know for your Peter sit here
Well people say all kinds of things about him, but yeah, there's a life you know a whole bunch of kids
Oh
You got a while yet
I mean seriously they have so many great hits I mean just
Music
Now to talk up on this is like three minutes
And then of course is always a young kipper
Daddy
Now here's the greatest song of all time
You can debate it you can argue
You can make a case
On the page of the world maybe in the universe
From here to Uranus we're waiting for you to play the play-old
You just
I could export talk up to my day
If I did the only one flying
As a feeling human
Now are you standing waiting for me to play what old days there you go talk about it strong opening
Rallying
Opening
Oh
Seriously they're so good that it's scary you know, I mean they just
Now I understand why so many people somebody people would absolutely no tape was in the first
And John I always do I didn't like that John and humbous out Carolina says Nero Smith John
I hope that the next hurricane comes and just blows right through your back though nothing like about half an hour
Oh, man, yeah, you're right
See unlike Neil Diamond who thinks that every song he did with the classic every song they did was a classic
I'm listening
Don't
You know best with them old man. I'll say that right now. He doesn't take any crap lying down. That's what that's
Unlike Doug
Who's your life to feel relaxed once again
You
See you to do this start to lose
Here's where we went our separate ways you probably and I
Yeah, but because that's one of those Peter's the tear it's gonna be yeah
At that point it was because you know they went through a lot of changes
Chicago
We just got through a plan but unfortunately that that wasn't one of them in my opinion, but what a wine. Oh
I'm clean. This is good and it's not good. It's very good. A lot of people don't like this song. You know that though
A lot of people find this to be ponders or maybe a little syrupy. Yeah, it is syrupy, but nevertheless it's a very good song
It is a little waily catter walley depressing. Yeah
Takes forever for them to start saying
Really not that you've got whatever done that
Oh
We the weather cast
I'm dying on the land. How's that hurricane doing and what does done? Oh when you hear him right down
Or maybe I was weather
Your
Boy, it's the one to two hour
Power company
You put the utility in utility, Florida paradise in life. There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you
When a storm threatens we can count on you to turn our power off mom before it gets here
Leaving the rest of us tomorrow at the blue globe exploding transformers
Providing us a historical perspective of
1957's technology entered the moist heat of tropical darkness the weeping
Cateries and our radios broadcast your latest press release for South Florida
That says your trucks and crews are ready to roll from the Alabama State border and the question in everyone's mind is
So as we search for the appropriate answer to how many SPL emergency crews does it take to change a life hole
Powered ice in life this birds for you
101 and 560 WQM and the good news they're showing on CNN right now they attract one
It looks like over the next term gene old genie
Genie might be a meanie, but at any rate the South Florida is pretty much out of the neck of the woods out of that Cohen
During the Jewish holidays out of the Cohen of inter
And anyway, it looks like maybe up there Jacksonville
Maybe a little South. What is just south? I don't even know what's in there Coco Beach, Titusville
There he goes. I got smashed by Francis orman Beach. Oh, oh, it's a lot of glam there
Yeah, anyway, here's a pretty good fact
This is pretty interesting he covers a lot of territory now
It's as well sitting in my backyard on Jack Miranda golf course with my CO2 BB gun
Trying to kill every one of those effing wild parrots in the trees is as I disagree with you regarding the status of Florida radio
He's got a whole bunch of points. Okay, one gold. He is gone that alone makes this the golden age of radio
Excellent point. These squeak factor is definitely reduced considerably to I like Howard Stern
And let me just I want to say one thing that kind of called before that New Yorker who likes this show and that's fine
But the a guy that was trying to like the ego thing he brought up once you tell Howard
I'm not looking to I have no problem with Howard Stern. He doesn't care about me. I don't care about him
Believe me. He's got bigger fish to fry than me
But it's just that's my opinion
And I'll continue my opinion whether anybody else likes it or not. That's what they pay me to do
And work for least two hours a day a few days a year three year shows as good as it's ever been and of course
There's no question about that. Although I am out of touch with South Florida
Yeah, you can't help everything. You know Tom jicker writing about me being out of touch because I do the show from Toronto a good part of the year
That that has got to be one of the most hysterical things talk about the pot-carned kettle pink man Tommy
you are a jackass
And your good friend the Humper who's in limbo somewhere doing the limbo rock
How come you aren't writing about that, huh? How come we can't get any inside dope on that since you're supposed to be the radio TV
Maven Tommy Jerko all he writes is puff pieces about every freaking stupid network sitcom that that's all he writes
I think he's just getting old and fat
Anyway, four if I want to hear national sports shows like in your Tony Bruno and Jim Rome on 1400
How sad that is five if I want to hear the same people whining about Jimmy and Danny and Jay and they have on and on
I can go to seven 90 ESPN six. I don't read the hero
But I like to handle a bastard in the afternoon on seven 90 that is shocking
They do 10 to 20 minutes segments without spots. So that's because they don't have any and if you like college football
He has on Chris Fowler while Hank when he's back has vino cook talking about that great Minnesota army game
1904 and I would agree with that vino cook makes me just want a bar
Makes me want to like
Start drinking sterno and also it says I even like George now sort of how do you like that? He's warming up the edge
You know, I won't be on Thursday. I threaten next through that. I really think it was the young kipper because I thought I thought being the non-Jew that I really am
That young kipper was always a week after rush of shana
But it's it's roughly it's just a hair a weekish. So you know what I'm gonna do. I'm not gonna work on Saturday
All right, that's my very
Because as my protest all this crap that's been going down and Greg reads absolute indifference to our audience and me and you and everybody
I'm not working on Saturday and I'm gonna eat lots of trife on Saturday not only will I eat on your own kipper
I'm gonna make sure that everything I eat is uncowsher. I'm gonna have pork chops. I'm gonna have bacon double cheeseburgers
I'm gonna have all kinds of shellfish
Even with stuff. I don't like it'll be selfish about it
Yeah, I'm gonna go see the catfish lady. Well, I can't think of too many things more trife than catfish
Never have a tropical fish have I had tropical fish right?
Not that I'm aware like a goldfish or no, try goldfish isn't a try your right. No, I know what's a tropical
Everybody's had a fish tank
No, I haven't
It's a waste of money and you can't keep them alive
But the catfish are the bottom feeders man
I can't tell you what they crawl around and eat at the bottom, but they sure keep your tank guys
You know Joyce is gonna come over and give you what for pretty soon. Yeah, you might even give you a what what?
Well, and speaking of that here's the most important story for the weekend
From Atlantic City, New Jersey less talent more skin at pageant all right
I've actually the FCC is gonna be pretty parked off about this speaking about pork
The pretty young women battling to become Miss America may have college degrees artistic talent and high-minded ideals
But they're also showing more skin than ever before
Organizes America's pre-eminent beauty pageant whose final takes place on Saturday
That sounds like tomorrow in Atlantic City, which is a toilet by the way the casino capital of New Jersey
The casino capital of New Jersey
Wow
Insist the 83 year old event is not an outloaded forum for dizzy blinds with perfect bodies
And while TV viewers have grown accustomed to hearing how each contender would like to change the world by eliminating world hunger or
Literacy the good looks of this use contestants will be on greater display than ever before all right
Contestants will more more revealing swim suits on stage following a tear contract with speedo owned by
Warneco grouping the one piece or two piece suits worn as bikinis by most competitors will leave little imagination
And of course some unease among the contestants most of them are aged between 22 and 24. Oh, it's wrong with that
Nothing proves
But organizers are playing down the swimsuits same with contest showcases the talents and aspirations of today's young women
Who want to make the world a better place and write it with their good looks
At art McMaster had the mr. American organization said an interview that the swimsuits would make TV coverage more exciting
Yeah guys are gonna be sitting a lot closer to the TVs and getting really a good grip on life
He rejected suggestions that skimpy swimsuits compromise the organization's educational goals and were to
Tidelaate the audience. You know, so fast. I said that
They were very very good relate the audience
McMaster said the swimsuit competition demonstrates physical fitness and accounts for just 10% of contestants final score
What he can see did some contestants had complained about the suits not because of their minimal coverage
They provide but because the women couldn't choose their own suits
On Saturday the final I think it would be great now who's gonna be televising this do we know?
I don't
Did it say in this story? I don't know which network televises this thing
But I think regardless of which one it is would be fantastic if one of them really because it's a live thing
Just the just pulled the whole thing off
Yeah, yeah, would that be great? I mean might as well. We can't crack down any harder than we have
Have we exactly the winner of the crown miss american 2005 received a scholarship worth 50 grand
And quite frankly, uh, there have been times in my life when I've been forced to watch little bits and pieces of that show and
It's great that Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles are often picked to be the judges in that contest man
They picked some of these skankiest nasty looking bitches. I've ever seen in my life to be the winner sometimes
Yes, they did here's one from Cindy what we're getting a lot of taxes from ladies today. Oh, thank god
There's something going on out there. You better wake up and sniff it
That's what Cindy said she said sniff this
Oh, on the most overweighted band Cindy says I've listened to you since 10th grade during the Zayda days
Love you Cindy. I've never called him but I always enjoy your show my oh she's got a good one too
My vote for most overweighted band is kiss. Okay. Oh, how well said we were talking about him this morning
We were on me and Joshua
And what were you saying you were you me were Josh were kissing this morning. Yeah, there you go
How was it where yeah?
Okay, she also says P.L. I love it Marty Felman. I saw
If you say I'm not playing it again
I bet I got you off guard when I played the the original yesterday. I didn't know I spotted it
Yeah, but do you have it not on me now got it
I got to write my drawers but I'm not gonna play it again. It's too lazy for that. Okay. Can I get a few things in here this hour?
Because I feel like sometimes I feel that
The show is slipping away, you know what I mean? I mean take a look at that already. I don't
Huh it's great
It's already 109 we haven't even sat down and said hello yet
Sometimes I feel myself
At any rate but at Mitch Lewis what a guy
We were saying just yesterday Mitch Lewis what a crazy person and a wonderful guy but under one crazy park good guy crazy
Like Bokobry and chicken neck
authorities held Columbine papers says this very disturbing report you know
You see there's the real truth and then there's the hidden truth and then there's the public
Version of the truth there all these versions of what is supposed to be the truth and the public rarely gets any of the real truth
They just get the watered down
BS version
Sanitized for public consumption because if we tell you the real truth about what's happening in the country in the world
You're gonna start getting really nervous and saying hey there's some real heavy duty crap going down and we're not too happy about it right right like that song by Chicago
Which one?
Saturday in the park dialogue you clown a grand jury said authorities with held the document showing deputies new of one
Of the Columbine high school gunmen have been accused two years earlier of making death threats and building pipe bombs
But did not hand up any indictments just like the parents who I guess didn't find it unusual that they were making pipe bombs in the garage
Keep them off the street anyway
In a report released yesterday the grand jury also said it was troubled by still missing documents and what remains the deadliest school attack in
U.S. history
It was at least the third investigation to place no blame for the slaughter of 13 people by suicidal teens Eric Harris and Dylan
Clebold victimist families said the report confirmed their suspicions
That the Jefferson County Sheriff's or office covered up in states that could have led authorities to the killers as much as two years before the attack
Oh
Clearly Columbine should never have happened and they don't want the public to know that said Brian Rurbo
Want a several family members who met yesterday with the Trinity General Ken Salazar
Rurbo a son Daniel was among the students students killed April
2019-99 and it's just amazing to me how the American public just you know life just goes on
But a bit about did I say that at the time? Yes, that it was big thing on CNN and MSNBC for a couple days and everybody
Oh, this is terrible and it just goes on like nothing ever happened
The
Grand jury said it didn't hand up any indictments because all the witnesses claimed to know nothing about the missing sheriff's records
The records involved a draft search warrant for Harris's house a year before the attack
Salazar took the case to the Grand jury after the sheriff has him to investigate last fall
The Grand jury reports that the draft effort of it never submitted to a judge was the subject of a private meeting of high ranking Jefferson County officials and law enforcement officials
Called a few days after the attack to discuss the document and its potential
Liabilities their words its potential liabilities as a result of that meeting the sheriff's office decided against discussing the effort
A bit in April 30th 1999 news conference a state district judge ordered the affidavits release in 2001
Jefferson County DA Dave Thomas who was at the post attack meeting said yesterday
There was the first time he saw the affidavit that did not provide enough evidence to warrant a search of the Harris home
His spokeswoman Pam Russell also said prosecutors were asked during the meeting whether investigators should publicly disclose the document and a partridge and appear three
Randy and Judy Brown who contact the sheriff's office 9798 with complaints about Harris including allegations he had threatened their son
Work said the private meeting is evidence of a cover-up by authorities
This is a collusion. This is criminal criminal conspiracy brown said after he and his wife met with the Attorney General staff as usual
Because that's the American effin way
Provinets after one at five sixty but we got a great weekend coming up the hurricane and get at least this one is not gonna
Hit self-floor or everything and we can we can stand down now
America can at least you folks can stand down or lay down or sit down
right
Oh, sorry, this weekend go down. Oh, Joyce wouldn't be happy if I said that we can't say go down. Can we?
Right now armstrong fort of homes that wants to clear their locks and sell off all remaining of four is here
Just some of the great deals waiting for you right now and old four F150 pickup just a dollar over invoice
Some new old four explores a waiting for you also a dollar over invoice rangers crown vix toruses and focuses all waiting for you right now
And only a dollar over invoice only an armstrong fort of homestead plus armstrong fort offers more value to a solar customers when you buy a
Ford from Armstrong Ford you'll get their exclusive unbeatable tires and batteries for life program
That's right tires and batteries for life the value you'll get an armstrong
Ford doesn't stop there either because right now
They'll give your fee for the sun pass with any vehicle that you buy if you're pressed for time like a lot of folks
Our armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable
So just pick up that phone and give them a call and divide right over the phone 305 24751 12
24751 12 and they'll even deliver your new vehicle right to you wherever you're hanging about armstrong
Fort of homestead locally owned and operated they treat you just like family and I guarantee you
I'll bet you Greg reads life on it that you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town
No bait and switch no phony deals armstrong
Fort of homestead 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 minutes south of the 836
Check them on the web at armstrong cars dot com drive a little and save a ton lots and lots of cash on that new
Ford only at armstrong Ford of homestead
Rogers mornings in mid-disk
I got a call here is a number one rated to the Moe Highlander David and his home
And at least the putting on my aspirations
Stay away from it. I don't even know how you have children. They're about hello
Yes, I want to take on J. Peter. Oh
J. Peter is a great quarterback and a good Jew. I like J. Peter. Well, not to mention he's got to extraordinary
Never-least smooth
The foxes. Oh yeah
It's gotta be difficult what you say here
Thank you more. Oh no, no wait a minute. I don't go but I have nothing else to say
How about this I was doing it down there in the mirror mod
I'm right down the street from you. I have to go. Oh wait. Oh wait. By the way
I tell you what I'll hold you open a break house down there. I'll give you one of my old 10 t-shirts. How's that?
No way
That's what the only color we have
I'm fine. The boy. The boy. Wow
You got thick with food. I know that I can't face
And around those losing pimples
You call my eye. I know that if you go looking
The mirror you'll see a road map of Yipsel and C
You got your happy son way too
My nose glowed when something stays
Almost every day I think
Am I vain just when I start to tickle
I had to know it. Yeah, I know
Like the fall of the fire
That's because I'm a crazy old man
And I know that's true
The boy bull day
Yeah
That's true
That's true
And so you cannot just not worry
How I know that's true
The boy bull day
That's true
That's true
That's true
Try not to say that
Hey Gelly how about that panther
I know that's true
20 after one and five 60 WQM for our pool
What's the most overrated rock group of all time
Two excellent suggestions here from Steve from Charlotte
Hash Hash sweet Charlotte
Air supply
Little on the therapy side if you die of bed
By the way you're not allowed to listen to air supply
I don't think anybody even the people that like them
Overrated them but that's true
Once your girl just goes to the ring
No air supply is pretty uh they're up there man
They're up there in the air
Okay but they're overrated by some by anybody who likes them
They're overrated
There's a few where's maybe
And Huey Lewis and the news
Amen to that though
Huey Lewis the pepper saw him again
It would be much too soon
There's a phenomenon they were bigger than life
But nobody liked them
They couldn't find anybody that actually liked them
But because you're not supposed to admit
Anyway Michael Jackson nobody likes him anymore
At least don't admit it
Accuses mom to a California court
They're respected in court today
Accompanied by members of the famous the infamous Michael Jackson family
To watch his attorney fire tough questions
At the mother of the teenage boy who's the pop star
A child molestation
I'm just curious you think on the court TV
Right now they might be doing little something on this
Let's take a look
Oh they're squeezing it I can't talk about that
What they're squeezing
Jackson's appearance at the courthouse in Santa Maria
About 150 miles north of LA
Well Mark the first time he's come face to face with the woman
Since the accusations first became public 10 months ago
The moon walking entertainer
This is from Reuters okay
Isn't that the moon walking entertainer
What what what is that
Like good news say the news story
The child raping entertainer
Yeah the pitophile piece of crap
The phony baloney nose falling off piece of turd
Who looks like a freak from outer space
Well likely be greeted by hundreds of fans
Doesn't the reporters maybe a freak from the moon
And a few protesters
A carnival expectacle surrounding a normally quiet courthouse
In the sleepy central California town
Jackson the skid with the stand trial
January 31 and a 10 count indictment
That charges him with tribal estation and conspiracy
He's pleaded not guilty does anybody believe that?
Oh
So Jackson typically skips I think it's a racial thing
I think it's something about the guys who used to be black
And aren't anymore
So Jackson typically skips pretrial hearings
In the case he came to court and I we know all that
We know about the moon walking entertainer
Hey, Yadiah, isn't that something
The cockamoon walking entertainer
That is just
Oh and speaking of also bizarre stuff
This this is just amazing and it is so perfect
I wonder if they serve happy meals at rehab places
McDonald's has hired Mary Kate and Ashley Olson
To pitch its happy meals in France
Completely the twins online of purses coloring sets and photo albums
Is that incredible or what?
Oh it's France
To move to employ the twin
I guess what they call a big Mac in France
Royale with cheese
I can't say I want to go to John Rehoel again
That will be strictly for people who have never left
Who have never been more than 10 blocks from a home
No matter where they live in the states
If for people who have never been more than 10 blocks from
By all means go watch Pulp Fiction especially
If you like a lot of stupid dialogue and really a lot of gratuitous violence
Then you should really see reservoir dogs
No thanks. They move to employ the twins
Who gain a start among the television show Full House
And want to create a series of children's movies
Comes as the world's largest restaurant chain
Struggles with its European sales
McDonald's recently said European
Sames to her sales fell 910 to percent
August compared with a 3.9% gain in US sales
Maybe they're on to make death in Europe finally
McDonald's French side shows the twins and various branded items
Including the Sacanjon Mary Kate and Ashley
What was that Sacanjon?
I don't know
I have no idea that frog stuff man kills me
Mary Kate Olson had been receiving treatment for
Eating the summer which certainly was not eating sugar
It was definitely a drug disorder
Because the treatment center that she was at
Doesn't treat eating disorders
It's a drug we have joined
But of course for and of course to show you
What a good marketing job they did right?
The French fell for it
Here's a fact from Steve
Who says
I grew up loving the van Chicago
I just worked with them recently and there were only two original members left
Although the replacement members are great
It's just not the same van
Well it's kind of like the QM lineup
The biggest problem with the new Chicago
Is the front of house audio
The front of house audio engineer
He's a frustrated non-musician limibass
With a huge attitude
And PS to vote for John Kerry
Is the vote for bringing complete sentences back to the White House
That's not a bad idea
Somebody who can actually speak and articulate the English language
Abu Garib
Yeah
But America likes having a literate presence
I think now we're going to speak either
And of course Jimmy Carter
He was a little bit like that
Very bright but he just didn't really couldn't speak
Also said nuclear
Yeah another one
Now the Yahoo
Okay let's see how the pool is coming in during the last half hour
We're going to add a few more names on this
And I got a couple more things that I mean I got a whole pile of bedtime stories here that I just was hoping and praying
But and it's my fault it's my bad I got sidetracked because
I was just getting more and more frustrated
We kept talking starting about what?
About 1025 we thought that we got maybe the high sign
The low sign that it was time to wrap it up
And no more stories and no more news and go home and get the hell off the year already
And I think the fact that they are followed by music
I'm virtually every station that they're on
So it doesn't make any difference when they get off the year
Or when they get off
And we don't that's not us
So I got a great idea starting Monday
Music
All right we get the picket though right
Yeah you can pick it
Good
How about Wilson picket
What is the movie overrated rock group of all time that's our full question on neo-roger.com
232 votes
We all weekend to think about it to go out and buy some of them albums and burn them
Grateful dead 56 as in Q56
Cree 26 U218
Why can't stand U2 man
That Bono he just believes me limp
Dave Matthews band 15 the Beatles 15
Kiss 14 Pearl Jam 14 Metallica 11
Boston 11 Led Zeppelin 10 Van Halen 10
Aerosmith 9 but that just makes me want a caca
Caca
Carosmith has got 9 and Steely Dan's also got 7
And you wonder why Burger King sells all that crap
The Eagles have got 6 6 5 Chicago 4 air supply 1 and Huey Newton look at that
Huey Lewis and Huey Newton and Juice Newton they now got a new one
The
Exclusively
I'm 5
6
Apple
Apple
Let's abuse the more prisoners make them scream nice and loud
Get me some wires and a bad tree path
I don't care if they from my rack to the
He used you to the torture cause they're just playing their game
In the past it had to be worse with Saddam
Who say
The letters now it's the movie so vile so horrific
That you just can't stop watching
Alien versus sexual predator
Get one corner a bizarre creature who looks like he came from outer space and makes noises that should never be heard on earth
And in the other corner an alien
You're just like me
You're bad
You know it
Alien versus sexual predator he couldn't be stopped by the police he couldn't be stopped by the courts
So they sent an alien
Oh my god
It's already gone
The alien now Michael Jackson
Yeah
Food walk to a theater near UNC
Alien versus sexual predator today
Alien versus sexual predator is rated MDD N-O-13 for Michael Don't Date Nobody Over 13
One, two, three, five, six, D-W-D-Q-A-M
Pink Floyd somebody says that's an excellent suggestion
Yes and date
I agree with the rest of the understanding of all time
Fact says I love them up until 1980
But now
Boring they're kind of running to a brick wall I guess
5.6705.60 I guess we can a few more on before two o'clock right
Mad Dog coming up at two o'clock one of his rare work days
You don't like working on them due holidays I'll tell you that right now
Then we got Mohawar David and of course he was very professionally Jewish
Don't you think his Yavlaka would look really swell on that new bald spot he's got now
Which is his in-par-hand you know he could just draw one on now you know the funniest part of it is I I found this on the
4th of the other day under the board here
Yavlaka remember they know it's the picture of Moh that we had on our website once upon a time yeah I don't
Want to say who created it but a
Digitly created picture of a bald as a bowling ball Mohawar David and of course it turned out that this was Prussian
Prussian
Because I can only imagine but he probably looks a lot like that right now I would think but I bet he was real cute and sure yesterday
With that little couple on I bet he was great 5.6705.60 I just gave the numbers just get the calls on WQA and hello
QA and
Yes right Neil I'm a long time listener and I just want you know you do have another female fan out there
All right excellent I also have a one-feet pole how about fish fish very good good choice
Love you Neil thanks see I think she's talking about your filter fish my cell phone just ringing I'm really curious who
That was you know what what me whistle a tune
I got a phone number here and I have no idea who this is I've never seen this number before in my life
How about if I give the number out on the year and then you people can call and see who it was maybe it's thanks bookie
And for those days boy we sure miss the hopper out there that right now he's sure he is sure to enjoy his meals man
WQA and hello speaking
WQA and hello
How's it going going for the ball right
Nirvana
Oh I love it I want maybe that may be the winner right there thanks pali see there's somebody it's got the balls to say it
Nirvana
You wouldn't agree because you just want to be Mr. HIPH and Mr. Cool and or I'm going back to school how are there's another reason
Is that they're good and you have bad taste no I think they suck I know I couldn't you think of that right now but I'm in too much of a good mood
I finally I want myself from that bad mood that we all got into because my music to pretend to be cool some of it like it because it's good
I hate it I said WQA and hello good afternoon Neil yes sir good afternoon I love the Chicago thing before that's my all time favorite band
I appreciate that and I saw them in the Miami stadium which is out gone in 1975 down in the pictures now back
In about 42 degrees and where the hell is Hank over got bomb on TV I got all excited is he coming back
If I had the answer to that man I wouldn't be sitting here I don't think he's coming back I don't want to hear him with Joe Rose but I guess that's where he's got to go
I think if you wanted to put my feet to the floor which they're sitting on right now I would say you might be right
Yeah well it's sad because he's done a great job and I enjoy listening to him soon or later Greg Reed his motto is when in doubt I'll chase him all out
Greg Reed is the anti Christ you later amen thanks a lot in fact you know something this caller just solved a problem we've been wondering for a very long time
remember I keep asking you why Greg keeps scratching that spot on his head I always thought it was because there's a hole in his head
which I'm sure there is somewhere there's got to be that's not it he's reaching around to find where that 666 is on there
he is the anti Christ and on the crystal WQA am hello hey Neil hey George Howard yes sir
Hey listen I made you a little off of this but yesterday you guys were talking about great race and who was wrong
Are we wrong we got wrong I was wrong no no no no that's not my point
yeah that's Jack lemon but the guy that you described as keen and win with a little mustache and the big gap between his feet
that's that lemon what's that that's Jack lemon no no no that's Terry Thomas okay oh Terry Thomas I love Terry Thomas
yeah I'm kind of like on the outside looking down this movie Terry Thomas was a panic very funny guy exactly that's all I wanted to say I love you guys
keep up the fantastic work oh by the way palie have a great day
I'm saying China is like a zone Terry Terry Thomas you know who Terry Thomas I do I was I always get money British
in fact there was also Terry Thomas the harness raising driver too once upon a time used to wear like yellow gold and black striped
look like a prison guard look like something out of the prisoner with Patrick McGuin number six
see that's it was only for people with an IQ over four which really surprised me that boy Gary was a big fan of the prisoner and gave me on video tape the entire series
remember that it said it wow that was about the only good thing he ever did besides tell his house down the block from me and get the lot of the hood
WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello I want to make sure you got the whole thing out QAM
Neil yes sir oh you finally answered I'll hold on forever for you buddy I mean I must have to almost get rang about a minute
but man okay what do you got palie hey I want to add to it you know what it just Frank Zapp on that pretty it was most overrated group
oh come on he's not a group not a group I don't worry he's not Frank Zapp and the mother's invention wasn't a group
mother's invention work yeah I want to do that huh but here we lose on there we're gonna do that hey there people on Bob and Brown the sea on the Q is not wow
that that's just kind of blew up on our face yesterday yeah it's always a split like it over here and it's too bad hey joy stick it okay
we're sick and tired she's she probably hasn't gotten laid in about seven years and probably the biggest
foolish piece of turd that ever stepped face on the earth we're tired of having her be the sense of it is show let's have
muffs it in there with this finger on a button and keep punching it and yank it and twisting it that's
what Robert said he did the whole time they were here on a west coast a plane man 20
haha welcome 22 till 2 at 560 qa m you're listening to Neil Roger
there that's no the push twins are so smoking when they make those campaign styles
well because they're looks right from there mom they got the drink and from there
by I wish they have the big politicians good wish they have the big politicians I wish they have
the big politicians girls well the actresses and models they just don't do it for me
yeah girls in the whole white world I like the ones who live in the scene
yeah I wish they have the big politicians good wish they have the big politicians one
44 I think Joyce is going to be upset with this show I'll probably get called on the carpet I think
we have too many grips in the segment for her uh right approval anyway great white somebody says
especially when playing in Rhode Island it's very sick and you won't be seen in playing
there no mole at any rate and of course Josh will probably put it on the pool the central intelligence
agency lacks the coordination the capability the resources are the resolve to stop future terrorist
attacks from Osama Yamama bin Laden and his network of senior CIA officer B. San Mike Shor says
bad decisions under staffing and infighting among intelligence agencies stifled efforts to stop
Osama and his network more than three years after 9-11 the agency remains short staff he says
this is very reassuring isn't it yeah in an unusually critical campaign for a government
employee Shor has spent much of the last three months publicly criticizing his agency most
government officials wait until they retire as former national security council they've Richard
Clark did in July Shor had of the CIA's bin Laden unit until 1999 published his bestselling book
Imperial hubris why the West is losing the war on terror then he was identified only as anonymous
last week Shor sent the Senate Intelligence Committee a six-page letter accusing senior career
civil servants of failing to ensure the optimal performance of the West Intelligence community
and of missing opportunities to stop in Laden's al-Qaeda terrorist group and perennathy 9-11 attacks
Shor lists 10 management and leadership problems in the letter delivered just before the
confirmation hearing of President Bush's nominee to run the CIA a CIA representative Porter
Richard Goss of Florida a congressional source provided a copy to the AP this week there's been no
systematic effort to groom al-Qaeda expertise among directorate of operations officer since 11
September Shor writes referring to the CIA's most famous division its clandestine service
today the unit is greatly understood because of a hiring freeze and the rotation of large numbers
of officers in and out of the unit every 69 days isn't that great a hiring freeze on intelligence
what's supposedly the administration doing such a great job on fighting terror that sounds good to
me he says experienced officers do less work and become trainers for officers who lead before
they're qualified for the mission senior CIA managers running operations against al-Qaeda have made
more pleas for officers you were said they ain't getting them the CIA surprisingly amazingly
declined a comment on Shor statements can't imagine why can you no and just to be sure even though
this is about the 400th time maybe I'm exaggerating maybe it's only 30 man fallen Iraqi president
Saddam Hussein did not have stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction and this coming on the this
Gallup poll shows Bush 13 points ahead yeah rewarding him for the thousand plus dead Americans based
on lies the thousands and thousands of dead Iraqis the chaos and bloodshed in the streets over
the everyday and the fact that Afghanistan is back in the hands of the warlords and the eye poppy
businesses bigger than ever and the Taliban is reorganizing al-Qaeda is a stronger than ever and
we're making more and more young terrorists hate us like poison all around the world including
even civilized people around the world hate America and Americans like poison thanks to al-Presidentate
who's a dunderhead and a disaster the top U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq concludes that he did not
have stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction according to people familiar with the 1500 page report
the head of the Iraq survey group Charles Doolfer will find that Saddam did not have the WMD
said it is the primary justification by the administration for invading Iraq the report will say
Hussein was importing band materials working on unmanned aerial vehicles and violation of
U.N. agreements and maintaining a dual use industrial sector that could in the future produce weapons
but Doolfer also says Iraq had only small research and development programs for chemical and
biological weapons as he puts the finishing touches on his report he concludes that Saddam had
intentions of restarting weapons programs at some point after suspicion and inspections from
the international community weined after it stopped weining after a year and a half in Iraq however
the U.S. has found no weapons of mass destruction it's cheap argument for going to work overthrowing
the regime an intelligence official said Doolfer could wrap up the report as soon as this month the
noted may take time to be classified those who discussed the report inside and outside the
government until yesterday on the condition of anonymity because they don't want to get shot
that's basically what a broad non-brone so thanks because they value their lives and their families
and their dogs and their other parakeets and their tropical fish yeah their guppies
presidents and senators don't have people killed my friends they're neons they're angel fish
you never had any angel fish no I never had tropical fish good good choice and especially
the pain in the ass they die like crazy when they start swimming upside down it gets to be real
expensive and also the saltwater tropical fish oh man you talk about expensive very very beautiful
have you ever seen the one of the colors horse what are the colors pukies no you know what I'm
talking about yeah the sea horses sea horse that's it right they have the angel fish like
in fact if you want you go to poppano park and seahorse tiger fish and all that all the time
but anyway including tonight and tomorrow by the way Friday and Saturday free spot
poppano park racing but what was I just saying about oh yeah they're very expensive and very fragile
because you have to keep them saltwater and you got to keep the salt solution just right right
man yeah exactly I don't think we take as good care of ourselves as we have to buy the saltwater
or tropical fish or just regular tropical fish like neons never neon deon no like to see him
underwater for a couple of hours the army is threatening American very important story here and
you're poshking around and we're sure about time the power stir and show went till 1245 today
didn't mean to leave the mic open didn't the Howard Stern show go to like about 130 I wish
no seriously here's my feeling if you want to go over here long how we know problem just go to
about 130 would be good right now about 115 so we can get all the spots the army is threatening
American soldiers with immediate deployment to Iraq along with involuntary extension their
tours of duty involuntary extension of their tours of duty if they don't sign up for
reinforcement right away those who don't sign face reassignment to combat units headed for the war
wow wow wow this is unbelievable and we don't have the draft we have forced
conscriptions what we've got sounds like to me while the army confirms that a realist
a reenlistment drive is underway military brass claim no threats have been made yet
are you threatening me yes but hundreds of soldiers from the third brigade combat team in
Fort Carson Colorado were presented with that message and a reenlistment form in a series of
assemblies last week say two soldiers are refused to sign the form according to emails received
by capital hill blue this week the same message was delivered to soldiers at other bases a
Fort Carson spokesman confirmed the assemblies and the form which you've signed would extend
each soldiers tour with the third brigade until December 31 2007 they said if he refused to
reenlist with a third brigade we'll send you down to the third armored cavalry regiment which
is going to Iraq for a year and you can stay with them or we'll send you to Korea order for
Riley in Kansas where they're going to Iraq one of the soldiers they sergeant told the Rocky Mountain
news the second soldier and enlisted man who was interviewed separately confirmed the story
Hermann Gehring would be so proud

brigade
Each
in
I'm gonna make it for you
Absolutely
President Thump
S***
You're awful
You're a f***
Oh, what I get to
You've got both ones for
Yeah, yeah
And get to we all voted for
Why?
If you want this
Come on, come on
It's running stupidly
Oh
I'm this drunk and rich kid
You've got both these even
Number them me
Oh, please President Thump
Yeah, don't care what it took
You got them here by hooker and cross
The Christmas ride
No one's fussed you and I
But how don't feel
We've got a great leader here
I'm a cop who got
President Thump
Number that's five
He got a leader baby
You know what I said?
You were not mine
Yeah, yeah
158 and 560 WDQA
We got a great facts here
about how to read it, about joy
being an ass wife
And about the whole business
And it goes on and on
A lot of good questions about
What are you sure you don't have time for that?
I don't have time. How can I read this?
I got to do the pull results right now
Oh, is there anything else, Neil?
Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that
Because what I'm looking at right now is city
Boston is the digital clock in the upper right hand corner
And it says, well actually it says 13
Because the rest of the world doesn't do
Like the kind of time that we do with
Military time 1358, 2829 etc.
So it means we got them in the hand
See, I want to tell you this right now
I don't care who we're talking about, you can fill in the blank
When I hear somebody on the ear saying, oh we got to take a breakdown
Or not knowing it's time to say goodbye
In other words, what they're telling me is
They cannot look at the log
And they can't read the clock
That's what they're telling me, they need to be led by the nose
And that tells me they're not a real broadcaster
Oh, we got a breakdown?
Yeah, look at the log, you shmuck and then look at the clock
Look at the log
Here's the pull
What's the most overrated rock group of all time
The Grateful Dead 74, Creed 31, U2 29
KISS 27, Dave Matthews Band 23, The Beatles 22
That's on American man
Metallica 17, Pearl Jam
As in Jam on it, 16
Van Halen 13, Boston 13
Isn't that interesting? We got the Boston and Chicago both on here
How about that one? Now, this can't be seen
Yeah, oh, the hand is pretty good
Erosmith 12
Erosmith 12, that is, that's a Communist pilot craft
I'll tell you right now man
Led Zeppelin 11, the Eagles 10, Chicago 7, Steely Dan 7
Steely Dan is got only 7, the Eagles got 10
Hmm, sticks 5, Nirvana 4, Pink Floyd 4, Huey Lewis
And the Nudes 4, Fish 3, and Air Supply 3, out of 335 votes
And you know something? I just decided, unlike maybe 2-3 gallons of fish would be good
Bye, bye, bye
I'll see you in a second, I'll see you in a second
I'll see you in a second
