What's the problem, Officer?
It's the floor from the vehicle.
What's the problem, Officer?
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new law is in effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this.
They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection and the never ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorists act such as mouth noise, curping and fighting.
But be annoying to others, so under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that the law, the law, the law.
The law.
It's 10.46 at 5.60 W.A.I.
I'm happy Thursday too, how are Robin and Robin went home?
Finally, although a little bit too early for my taste, you tell me they ended 10.30 yesterday.
And freaking thirty.
Now here's the bad news which I noticed he didn't make any reference to it.
The bad news for me anyway is that starting tomorrow, Stern goes on vacation again.
I'm a piker when it comes to vacation.
How many weeks has he got off of here?
about third man.
Brother.
They've been on, they did nine shows on the station live.
Oh, wait a minute, no, they didn't.
Wasn't there one of them last week?
Yeah, Fridays and August, they played tapes, best of.
Right.
So I take that bag.
Eight shows live, and he was on vacation a week before
they started on the station.
And now starting tomorrow, he's on vacation again.
Sounds like you're jealous, Neil.
Damn right.
Yeah.
So the bad news about that is that when they play
the best of tapes, there's no news for obvious reasons
from Robin.
There's not anything else because it's a little bit dated.
It's kind of like those alien in the Pope tapes we used to play.
You got an alien, Surrey, later as a matter of fact, get out.
Yeah.
But nevertheless, so that's the bad news that all next week
I'm going to be settled with maybe starting at 10 o'clock
every day.
Oh, that's going to be bad.
Or maybe even before 10 o'clock, which guess what?
I don't start before 10 o'clock under any circumstances.
Oh, come on, Neil.
That's what Duff the dump fairy was saying this morning.
Come on, Neil.
Yeah, well, maybe a minute before 10, but not like a quarter
of or 10 to 935.
So we'll let George fill in because George is the go-of-music.
Right.
Play some music.
Like a stackle.
Like a whole stackle.
A whole medley of fart sound, stuff like that.
On our beaded curtain today, the beaded curtain today
on theNeorongers.com.
We got Latisha Kasta.
See.
Nice picture too.
Latisha was born May 11, 1978 in Pointe Older Mayor
France.
And she's been in a whole bunch of French movies, which I'm not
going to read because I'll butcher the name.
Did you get the name?
Did you get any way?
Did you get it?
She also, of course, was in the sports illustrated Swimsuit
99 and 97.
And that and all of these things.
Supermodel Latisha Kasta is behind the beaded curtain.
And John Ascroff is keeping his eyes on you.
And Frankie Valli, the brightest eye so closely geared
to where your hands are going.
So watch it.
And be sure you're over the age of 65.
And have lots of proofs of ID.
You realize that pretty soon, like November 5,
I'm going to be like kind of a little league senior citizen.
Right.
Well, I mean, officially senior citizen is 65.
But there are some things.
Yes.
When you're 62, you can get like a nice rate.
Right.
Sure.
Like what?
Cheap meals, theater admissions.
Great tickets, seats.
No, kind of.
Handway freebies.
Ask your AARP to have a full list.
Of course, most of that only happens in South Florida.
You think it would be better to be spending more time
to take advantage, though.
So no.
Here's George's poll from yesterday.
If he didn't have to work, what would you do?
Seems to me that the first three are kind of like all
inter-connective there.
Sort of.
We mentioned that.
There'd be some open-minded.
1789 votes, a massive outpouring from our growing audience
that's growing by the minute.
I would travel 845.
Try to get laid 222.
Well, of course, I wouldn't know anything
about time the first of those two together.
Right.
Party my ass off 181.
So like I said, the first three of those are like
inter-connected.
I would do outdoor activities, kind of like Woods-E-D-O-L.
Sure.
156.
What does that mean, outdoor activity?
Fishing canoeing.
Oh, kayaking.
Oh, how boring.
Things like that.
High-conditioned.
How Canadian-A?
I would do nothing.
136.
That's right.
Hey, for those people who say they would do nothing,
lots of pawn shops on 441, kind of lower your range out.
We had a definite lack of a good oxygen out there.
I would help people 135.
You're so full of crap.
Do you believe that?
7.5% of the audience, if they didn't have to work,
if they were like independently wealthy,
they had all, what could do with it?
They would help people.
You are so full of it, man.
I can sniff it all the way across the border.
Yeah, just don't play the sound.
Play games in sports 91.
Yeah, I can imagine what kind of games and sports.
Just like that sport that Titty Graven, the thing we saw.
Why?
We can say that.
It's twisted.
Yeah, it's a twister.
It's twisted, sister.
At the Olympics.
Well, what about your foulery that is?
That is the biggest bunch of, always said
that we don't have to have a separate gay Olympics,
because that's what the several Olympics are.
It's the gay Olympics, man.
What about your faggot?
And I would watch games like sports 23.
I wouldn't play them.
I would just sit around and watch them 23.
I'd like the people who watch other people
play golf, for example.
Well, already, or people have way too much time on their hands.
Here's today's poll question.
We have about 4,000 choices on this one.
What's the best food item sold at fast food joints?
You know, I was inspired me for the poll.
I was thinking last night about a good burrito
supreme with no beans from Taco Bell.
And we do have Taco Bells all over the place here.
I just, I don't know where they are.
I'll find one.
Because I'm in the mood.
I'm Jones in for one right now.
So that's my choice.
Burrito supreme Taco Bell.
I didn't necessarily say without beans,
because we don't want to make these too long.
But that's my choice.
I don't like them.
Refried beans that Mexican mush.
Yeah, that's what they think.
M&M's are Mexico.
Mexican mush.
It's that refried bean crap.
Oh, man, it is mushy, nasty garbage.
And what is the point in that?
What's supposed to be the big reaction with filler?
Huh?
To fill it.
And the serious thing, why it doesn't taste good?
It doesn't taste like it.
And just like mush.
Who wants when you got a nice burrito supreme?
Right.
It's got all those olives and sour cream and tomatoes
and paste.
That nice horse beef or whatever's in there.
Why would you want to have a bunch of paste in there
like putting the pages glue in there?
So burrito supreme from Taco Bell.
French fries from McDonald's,
which a lot of people are going to say that.
Even though of course they put the mayonnaise on them
and Amsterdam and they will kill you,
they had McDeath.
Cheeseburger and Wendy's.
I don't care what anybody says.
Wendy's got the best burgers.
Damn, damn good burgers.
Chicken sandwich at Wendy's would ride your George
and George seem to be leaning in that direction.
And the milkshakes that's taking shake.
Those are the first five choices on there.
The best fast food item sold at fast food joints.
Today we're talking about, I don't want to hear about
white castle and all this crap.
You people live it in the past.
That was great.
Waves with those big, great onion rings.
That was wonderful.
But they've been out of business for how many years now?
30 minutes.
So what up with that?
We don't have to do one break now this hour, right?
That's right.
Tilly have to reformat.
And that ties it with us.
Nice fast we got this morning from Geraldine.
Thank you, Geraldine, for the kind words.
To near Rogers and George says, Geraldine,
I've listened to your show Neil many, many years.
The first thing in the morning, I always turned out your station.
Not a sports expert.
I enjoyed the banter of Joe Rose.
Yes, even guilty.
All of these things.
And the reason I look forward to 10 o'clock to hear you.
Neil, you always said you can change the dollar,
turn the radio off if you don't like what you're listening to.
Well, having had my Phil of Stern years ago,
I now find that my radio doesn't get turned on until 10 o'clock.
And then off, because Stern's allowed to ramble on
in his self-involved world until whenever.
Thank God.
I'm sorry, Geraldine.
I work in the law, I always have the luxury.
Yes, the luxury I've listened to your entire broadcast.
You are never, never boring.
And also I find out from the dumpery that Stern said the effort on the air
was that this morning he said he was today.
This morning, I think.
This morning.
Now, I mean, I don't want to get distracted and go off on a whole thing on that.
But how stupid you have to be.
Mediums come in and naturally they dumped it in New York.
So we never got down the line to anybody else.
Well, what's the point?
You know, when do you reach a point in your life when you finally stop being a jackass and say,
why am I doing these things?
Maybe he's got Tourette syndrome.
That could be.
And it must be.
Anyway, Geraldine says, please, how do we, the listing audience, get you on at 10 o'clock?
Well, the goodness for you, Geraldine, is all next week.
You'll have me at 10 o'clock because it'll be the Stern-Mister on tape, the best of Stern.
And so, that lasts four hours or less because we don't have all those great news to race from Robin.
Anything else?
Huh?
Anything else?
A huge lover of your Witt and Tulligence and George enjoy you also,
says, Geraldine, although you have no Witt and Humor, but nevertheless you enjoy YouTube.
So there you go.
So we'll see what happens.
Of course, tomorrow, I guess you'll just go on with it and tell you to because it's just the way it is.
I got music.
You're not going to play music.
Are you?
Yeah!
I'm ready.
I'm here with you.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Let's go!
Okay, here's our death of the day on death and death.
This is so sad.
Dr. Elizabeth Kubler-Ross, a psychiatrist who famously theorized in 1969 that
a termally ill patients go through five stages of grief, denial, anger, bargaining, depression,
and acceptance, died to his day of age 78 after being a prolonged bout with illness.
How do you like that?
Don't.
Of course.
Huh?
Her most famous book,
She died.
In 1969, it was called on death and dying.
So I guess now that makes her a little bit more of an expert than she was before.
That's how it's going to work.
Thanks to that, you're going to write about it.
You might as well have the experience.
She pioneered hospice care after working with dying hospital patients whose
pipes she considered intolerable.
As for her own death, she was in the acceptance stage for a year,
said her son Kenneth Ross.
For her death wasn't something to fear.
It was like a graduation, he said yesterday.
Now this is the part that's really disturbing.
Coober Ross moved Arizona nine years ago after a series of strokes left her partially paralyzed
on the left side.
You hear that fat boy?
In a 2002 interview with the Arizona Republic, she said she was ready to die.
I told God last night he's a damn procrastinator, she said.
She felt that way until the end, but she made sure to enjoy her last moments
by smoking cigarettes from Sarah Ferguson, Britain's Duchess of York,
and by eating swish chocolates and shopping, said Ross.
And here's the part that I find just annoyingness.
Death is simply a shedding of the physical body like the butterfly shedding its cocoon.
It's a transition to a higher state of consciousness where you continue to perceive to understand
the life and be able to grow, she once said.
Isn't that pathetic?
You know the four minutes.
Are you pardon?
Sorry to explain the poll here.
Explain what?
The poll were put the poll up.
Do you know what I just said?
Don't let him distract you with much of Kakarari.
This was important.
She says that death is like a butterfly shedding its cocoon.
It's a transition to a higher state of consciousness where you continue to perceive
to understand the life and be able to grow.
What kind of Kakar is that?
You just wanted to take a coup again.
Yeah.
I want to say Kakamoon in honor of the Kakamoon lady.
What kind of crap is that?
Crap.
Boy oh boy.
There's another one of these people in total denial,
even though she claimed to be the expert.
She wanted to make death so much easier.
But just spoon feeding crap.
It's like stepping on an ant baby.
You step out of not a cockroach and
but I'm being its dead.
It's not thinking it's not perceiving.
It's not running around.
It's not festering around a crawl on top of your sink and doing these things.
It's dead.
Oh how can you say that Neil, that's so bad.
The truth really is bad.
Well that's because the Lord
knew God.
Works in the serious ways.
He's always testing us, you know.
Because he's a damn sadist.
1057 at 560 WQM.
Right now for a limited time.
We'll even save more than ever before on top selling macroses from
our good pies on the dial macros.
Call 1-800 macros today for extra discounts above
beyond the everyday low-factory direct prices plus now.
You can get an extra 10% officer
to this perfect sleeper magnolia,
one of the great movies of all time.
Combine these savings with the
dial macros award winning service,
their ranked numeral uno and overall customers satisfaction
as winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau
local turrets of excellence award.
They're on time delivery policy.
Let's you choose the tour window.
You want your macros delivered when you're going to be home
and you'll be a satisfied customer like I've been for years.
Have a college student need to vetting.
Pick up that phone right now.
Call 1-800 macros.
And you can get saved to deliver to all major
colleges and universities from Miami to Maine.
From Canada Stewart,
Palm Beach to Ford Myers from Alacrupa to
Alacua.
This is the deal.
dial macros will deliver right to your door.
The fine is betting around.
Set it up for you.
Take away the spell you old vetting.
Anybody with a brain is buying a macros this way
with one easy call to 1-800 macros
or by logging on to their website.
macros.com 1-800 macros that's 1-800-MATT-R-E-S.
Get a round of string shot.
Meal Rogers, mornings and meetings.
The billboard goes to the floor.
So round of climb.
No price.
The drinks you weigh.
WQA and Miami for a lot of them.
And furthermore,
Hold on.
Is that Sean Hannity?
Hey, moron.
Cram its sideways.
I'm a user for a long time.
I'm a QAM Miami for a load of.
Did you hear that?
That's turn in a pan.
What a show.
I know you're that fun cuttin' at a show.
I say get rid of them and I'm going to go back to a nice safe tool.
Besides, you're going to lose the dolphins.
You know who he is?
The dumb.
Me, bro.
Why?
We're going to do so well now.
Yeah, I might even decide to pay Bokeh.
Did anybody see my pants?
God, oh, so much pants.
Well, what did he do that for?
He even liked what I called him.
And what was that?
Green gold.
I mixed bladder on your shoe, honey.
It'll give me back my pants.
I heard them in my previous years.
He lived in the woods.
I heard him get a little bit of my ass.
That's my ass.
He's like a green horse.
I am.
I'm the best son of a bitch.
I'm the best son of a bitch.
No!
I'm the best son of a bitch.
God, you're the best.
You did it.
I think the story show was off now.
What do we do?
I don't know.
It's George on today.
I think it's a pregnant cause.
It's a baby Robin has something on it.
Guys, let's just relax.
Oh, why don't you...
Is there more to that?
No, that's how it's supposed to end apparently.
I see.
I was pretty sure that was if...
You know, these CDs.
It's the 1103 boys and girls.
Let's take a look at that QAM schedule.
Today, pencil is in.
I don't have any changes.
Of course, we didn't have our usual morning chat
with Florence this morning.
Nice job on the paycheck and the talent this time around.
Florence, good job.
Just to stay in the closet.
We got the mad dog at two o'clock today.
All right.
I was here on yesterday.
Yes.
Two days in a row.
Oh!
For the mad dog, working some heavy duty.
Then we got Moe 4-630,
filling in for the vacationing
and suspended Hank Goldberg 4-630.
Toiletoy, toiletoy.
Florence's on deck at 630
and in the giant centenia again,
a Marlins loss to the tough one in extra earnings last night.
Did they 6-5?
I believe in 10-10?
That's right.
That's what I saw.
So I answered to Florence at PPPR-705
and it educated him to the baseball game.
That's our schedule as it's penciled in right now
but you never can be too sure.
This story is just before we start taking calls
for a thousand ideas for a pool today.
And boy, I got stories of the ass today, man.
Really?
Yeah, don't shake.
Port of sweet grass Montana.
Jesse Huffman and Sissy didn't do it on purpose
but the toilet he left plugged after nature
called at this water crossing in central Montana
has him facing criminal charges.
This ain't something we're making up just to be gross
or something like that
and to discuss extra-tory activity.
This is from the A&P, okay?
This isn't some kind of a bull or craft story.
It's craft story without a bullcrap.
Tool County authorities charged the 19-year-old college student
from Great Falls with criminal mischief
after a border-raging accused him of intentionally
clogging the toilet.
Oh my god.
Huffman said the clogged piping was completely unintentionally
resolved of an urgent but natural bodily function.
And have we all had urgent but natural bodily function?
You bet.
I mean urgent.
I've never been arrested before anything like that.
I get arrested for taking a dump
said Huffman a student on Tennessee University in Boseman.
Huffman was returning to Montana from a trip to left
Virginia, Alberta with four friends Saturday.
Port of the hurry stopped their car for what apparently was a random search.
The car's 19-year-old driver was cited for illegally possessing booze.
Huffman said he asked to use the back room
while waiting for the driver.
A short time later, a port inspector discovered the toilet was clogged
and threatened charges Huffman said.
Corey Grayson, one of Huffman's friends, said he couldn't believe
a border agent's first threatened charges.
I didn't think they were serious at first.
I was laughing so hard.
He said,
Port director Larry overcast that he couldn't comment on the case
but that it's obviously no laughing matter.
Huffman said he's hard and attorney-intensive to fight the charge.
Is this America or what?
It's the same America where a decorated warrior
is defending himself against all these smear charges
and then come to find out that another one is evil Jews
this Ben Ginsburg,
one of the Bush attorneys,
has been behind putting all these people up to it and advising me
so-called, what they call themselves, the bull-crab veterans,
the swift vote,
but they're not so swift to vote bull-crab veterans.
And everybody's, and Bush has actually gained feed points.
The same kind of smear thing that worked so well against John McCain,
another decorated veteran who was a,
not a POW on top of all of that.
I'm not really. He said it at a hotel.
Yeah, that's right.
He just made it up.
Just like he just decorated the side of his face to get sympathy.
Yeah, just didn't have no cancer.
It's just a decoration to get attention.
The same kind of smear thing,
because that's all they can do.
They sure as hell can't run under a record,
the market's in the tank,
oil costs $80 billion a barrel.
Kids who die every day over there in Iraq,
which we'll get to that story in Hollywood about their father.
That's just, can you imagine?
No.
I can be the parent of a kid in any kind of a war.
And you look out the window and you see that vehicle
that government vehicle pull up the driveway.
Like a robot on your birthday.
On your birthday.
Here's your birthday.
Give your son's dead.
Oh, brother.
Anyway, here's the pull.
Let's see.
Let me take a vote.
I'm voting for the Burrito Supreme at Taco Bell.
I'm going to go do a little search today.
Yeah, I'm going to find me at Taco Bell
if it's the last dang thing I do.
I mean, it's, it's not good if you try to lose weight,
although I'm doing very splendidly.
Well, 186, which is lowest.
I've been in quite some time.
Very good.
Proud of that.
Even though I had a chocolate banana waffle
for a lunch a few days ago.
Oh my God.
That was one of the best damn things I ever had in my life.
My blood sugar was up to like about
about 13,000.
13,000.
But, boy, was that good?
See, once in a while, you have to, you just have to splurge.
You have to have some really, really out there.
You can pick real high boy and you can put it on your fridge.
No, no, I just got to you.
Tony, I'm about 186.
All right.
All right.
Just keep getting weight from eating one thing.
One, one meal, unless it's a gistage,
I can't eat gorging.
Isn't it going to make you lose weight?
Okay.
Shmuck.
WQM, hello.
Hill.
Yes, sir.
Man, you are God, buddy.
Yeah, sure.
I guess you're bad.
Hey, listen.
He wasn't in Ward.
I'm making a pardon.
What do you say?
He wasn't his ward.
Yeah, and that's it.
No.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon
were those like great material.
What's the best food item sold as fast food joints?
WQM, hello.
This is going to be two for two, I'm sure.
And hello, I hear.
Oh, huh.
When is this?
Up your nose with a piece of glass hose.
Not there.
Okay, that takes your your calls, which is good,
because I only got three hours anyway.
WQM, hello.
Hey, man, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I heard you said the other day that Joe Rose
is going to be on another stage.
Think, can you tell me what the business is going to be on?
790 AM starting on September 1st,
9 to 9 in the morning.
Thanks, man.
Thanks for the food.
All right.
Hey, we're here to promote everybody.
Okay, we're not a fear of 790.
And Greg reads this, but it will put about that.
That's after he screwed over, Joe Rose,
about how many times?
About 30, man.
Why do I miss strung up along?
And just used him and abused him over it over and over.
And Joe must be a masochist.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how about Checkers 5?
Fries at Checkers, okay, you've got them, man.
Thanks.
And have a great day.
See, there's a guy actually who spotted to our pool.
It takes a little while to get him going,
because we got these other people that had their own agenda
before we started a poll question.
So you may have noticed over the years,
it takes a few minutes.
Stop, Joe, the man.
To get them on track, so to speak.
By the way, speak at a track.
Todd Dreckens, for when you can forget about it.
I'm not doing.
When I told you the answer was no,
there is no amount of money.
There's no kind of devious game you can cook up.
The answer is absolutely, positively.
No, I'm not endorsing an account where the client
I despise and hate like poison, okay?
They make me want to gag and puke.
They want to make me up-chuck breeders of preemes
that eight years ago.
Is how much I dislike those people, okay?
So the answer is, you just forget about it, okay?
Get some other flunky to do your work.
More ons.
WQAM, hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
You will do a lot of exercise, right?
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
I want to talk about how it's turned.
What do you want to say?
Hello.
What do you want to say?
This meal?
Yes, it is.
Yeah, why do you always fat,
modern, how it's turned?
About what?
Well, when he goes over your,
supposed, time limit,
and film,
What are you talking about?
I haven't I said I'm ecstatic.
I wish they go under 130.
You always reading comments from your listeners
about how it's turned to my house.
Probably let me ask you something.
So you're making comments about you.
Wish you was on till two o'clock.
Am I hanging up on you?
Yeah, but I'm just, I'm not my house.
I'm saying and I listen to you.
But I don't like it the way you speak.
You also love to find out your,
somebody has a different opinion.
Somebody sends us a facts.
I'm only supposed to read the ones that kiss Howard's ass.
You've got the wrong show pal.
I don't kiss anybody's ass, including yours.
Schmuck.
How do you like that?
Oh, that's typical.
It's a really good deal.
Typical stern and groupies.
You see, there are sourdestern fans,
which is fine.
We welcome them all to the show.
They like what we're doing here.
If not, bye-bye.
But, you know, if you're a groupied
and there's something obviously wrong with you,
I wish they would go on and this is serious.
I wish they go on to number 155.
If I could get paid the same every day
for the next 80 million years
until I croak for working five minutes today,
I'd have no ego, you see,
unlike Howard and certain other people.
I don't have any ego.
So it doesn't bother me in the least,
but I don't have this desperate need
to be on the air,
to be, you know,
do whatever the hell it is.
I have no problem with that.
So I'll listen to some of the facts
and I read it.
If they would have said a facts in
and said Howard's stern,
where congratulations is the greatest thing
in history and where they're at,
I read those too.
Fuck.
But you're one of those people with a very fragile ego,
just like certain other people,
and you can't handle the truth.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Over the years, you've heard me talk to you
about Chuck Alfie-Aurean, his patented hair systems.
Charles Alfie-Aurean is the best in the business
for over 35 years.
He's made guys look great with his
fantastic hair systems
that are virtually 100% undetectable.
Let me say it again.
Detectable.
And right now, Charlie's introducing
the latest development in hair restoration.
It's called the new laser light therapy treatment.
Now, this treatment is used for treating fine
and thinning hair.
The new treatment fine.
Oh, we're fine.
And thinning hair.
This new treatment is FDA-assured to fine
and restores hair and scalp act
towards healthiest day while increasing hair,
shaft density and volume.
The new laser light therapy
and its cool light laser devices
effective on both men and women
and is a paneless non-invasive treatment
that's completely about half an hour.
Charlie and his staff have witnessed
dramatic results with their new system
that impedes hair fall out for those
with fine and thinning hair.
So stop thinking that by some miracle,
some act of God that you're thinking
here's just going to stop falling
around in the sink shower on the float
and give Charlie a call to learn more about
his new exciting laser light therapy treatment
and how can solve all your thinning hair problems.
It truly can change your life,
make you look at how level I'm better and younger too.
Call Charlie toll-free.
There's no obligation.
It's 1-800-3-124-13.
That's 1-800-3-124-13.
Run that wicked worldwide web
trullsoffeory.com.
You are a single evil Roger.
Exclusively.
On 560-8-AM.
Hey, it's Howard.
Howard spamming.
I'm so, I'm a shinnah city.
What this thing called electricity.
LA, where it's hot and rugged.
Ain't no place for a horse and bugging.
They might go on a bender
where we're being hats and funny suspenders.
So back home, it's a different world.
No phone, so you can't call girls.
Come on, come on and raise that barn.
They can't swear they can just say,
don't you, man?
If you miss it, the pity these kids.
They can't say the same because they're honest
in the sink because they're honest in the sink.
No more eating only mutton.
They can use zippers instead of buttons.
First time seeing a computer.
Going for lunch at a place called Hooters.
Car's hot, never heard street noise.
And it's the first time they ever seen a homeboy.
But back home, it's a different thing.
No tattoos or belly rings.
Come on, come on and feel no guilt.
When you get home, you can do this.
That's where LA.
The place is so pretty at this day.
How will they survive when they're honest in the sink?
When they're honest in the sink.
Well, here's the spy report that Shluck
had just called Moe at about 6.50.
It's 6.50 this morning.
I'm thinking Moe.
I got my Howard's mix right.
Way out so many.
Yeah.
And probably give him a bunch of crap about how I'm whining.
See, that's the interesting.
That's the irony of the whole part.
Is that was predicted by certain Howard?
Don't mention no names.
Absolutely.
But quite the contrary, old contrary.
But we got a bunch of Schmidt distributors out there
and have a good time because basically
what you're trying, that's what he denounced to the world is.
I have no right.
This is the bad news, boys and girls.
Bush edges ahead of Kerry for the first time this year.
He heads it in the next week's Republican
National Convention with voters moving slightly
in his direction amid signs that John Kerry has been nicked.
Not by a bullet this time like in Vietnam,
but nicked by attacks on his service in Vietnam.
But LA Times pulled his phone for the first time
this year in a time survey.
Bush led Kerry 49 to 46% among registered voters.
And at times pulled just before the Democratic Convention
Alliance month, Kerry had the two point lead.
And although a solid majority of Americans
say they believe Kerry served honorably in Vietnam,
the poll showed that the attacks on the senator
from a group of Vietnam veterans
for a bunch of professional liars criticizing his performance
in combat and his anti-war protest at home
have left some marks.
Kerry suffered small but consistent erosion compared with July.
I'm telling you, there's so many stupid people out there.
It's just it's a scary.
And of course they get sucked right into what
and then he makes the phone call and the
Democratic convince them why aren't they
striking back the way they ought to be, man?
There's never been an I don't think other than Hebert Hoover.
There hasn't been a more vulnerable president than this one.
And this these people just continue wimping out, man.
It's a democratic effin way.
That's all they know how to do.
When did that winp out?
Oh, well, we don't want to be too harsh.
We don't want to come off as a very hard.
No, let them continue doing it just like
the John McCain in 2000.
Not only was the decorated war hero but a POW.
Now that's that's okay.
And Max Tlailin, too, who's in a wheelchair
and he's trying to make the case out there
at Crawford, Texas and they're giving him a song in advance.
I think they were like he was doing wheelies out there
and from the ranch.
Ha ha ha ha.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Count 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
What's the best fast food item sold at fast food joints?
The best food item.
Milk shakes and stick and shakes 17.
Fries and McDonald.
I got another one.
Yeah, nobody's going to call in but it's definitely worth some
votes.
Leads your mocha shake at Arby's.
They have to mocha shakes at Arby's.
You never had one?
No.
You were starting with trying to tell me a while back
about a month ago.
I don't have those anymore where you're full of crap.
Of course they have them.
Maybe it was Josh was trying to tell me that.
I was telling you about those market fresh sandwiches.
Yeah.
I got something fresh for you.
I'm going to bring it to you in a bag.
Anyway, milk shakes from steak and shake 17.
Fries and McDonald's 12.
Chicken sandwich and Wendy's 9.
Rita Supreme Taco Bell only 8.
See there we are again and everybody knows that should be the winner.
Cheeseburger Wendy's 5 and fries at Taker's 3.
54 votes.
We should have many, many more.
Fuck three men.
30,000 more on there by a two o'clock.
WQA and hello.
Yes, I'd like to speak to you.
Speaking.
Neil, yes, I have a question being that Bush is such a lane brain.
Yes, how could it be possibly that the Democrats couldn't have come up with
somebody else to just easily win this election?
Because that's what that's their expertise man.
Member Walter Mondale, member Michael DuPocaca.
Right.
I mean, he is so vulnerable Bush in every aspect of it.
I think people are not.
But stop and think of the irony.
You've got a decorated warrior hero who volunteered to serve in Vietnam against an
a wall, a national guardsman who didn't show up at the time and who had the daddy pull
strings to keep him from fighting and for a vice president, a attorney who was a draft
of your five separate times and they're picking on him and they're making, they're making
inroads with the public.
Is that tell you how stupid the people are and how inept the carry people are?
It's unbelievable.
The Democratic Party is the anti-Christ man.
They're pathetic.
They have like a death wish.
You know, I sure an ad that he had running for about insurance and he said that he wants
to get small, I mean tax credits to a small business.
I think he has to speak more to the people.
People, that's a big issue, health care for the elderly and things like that.
I think he has to speak more to people and tell them that he wants to give health care
to the elderly instead of talking about things like tax credits for small businesses.
The average older person doesn't understand you.
What happens is to do is rip the crap out of Bush.
That's what he needs to do.
They should have been doing that at the convention.
They should all take it a pay from Ted Kennedy and Howard Dean and rip it off and ask.
And they should put Jewelie remain in a broom closet somewhere.
Yeah.
Every day, Paul, a good lecture with us.
I'll see you at the border.
Now what is this?
You only, somebody faxed this or you sent me a part, obviously the second page of a story.
No, no, I just, I just omitted all of the, uh, hospitalized.
My local boy sent me a link to this story about Tom Donnelly.
So I just sent him a list of his based, Tom Donnelly, who was a major failure in a Miami
market years ago, by the way, which treated at a hospital for a black eye and a cut above
the eye that required 17 stitches following an attack outside a restaurant early Monday,
according to a police report.
Like is 40.
It is known for blunt talk on gender issues.
In other words, women bashing and for naming such individuals as the woman accusing Kobe
Bryant of break a woman who tried to commit suicide.
I had one of his regular trips to broadcast from Seattle.
Like I said, he was getting some fresh air about 345 in the morning, Monday outside of
the cafe, when a man took a picture of him went back inside the night spot and returned
with two other men.
I was minding my own business.
It was a person who knew who I was from the radio, he said, oh, yeah, I guess you know
who he is from the radio, right?
Sure, look just like him.
Yeah.
Look at your speaker there.
Oh, there's Tom Likus.
One of the three men said Likus had taken a call from him and salted him on the ear, questioning
his virility.
The man who took the picture, I think I had a point.
The man who took the picture and kicked Likus in the head, knocking him to the ground
according to the report.
The two men fled, the reports said, where Likus took him to his hotel, is this a big story
or what?
Why don't you even give a crap about Tom D'O' Likus, huh?
For the guy kicked him the head.
He's small potato as well.
That's a good story.
560-560-560 on EAT and see maybe it was a couple of guys who actually like women.
WQA and hello.
How about a Wendy's triple with cheese?
Okay, that's actually what I had in mind.
Did I say it wrong?
That's good.
He said cheeseburger.
Yeah, that's already wrong.
You know, singles, doubles, doubles, double triple, quadruple, sex, couple, like,
the other guy that guy's got his thumb on it though, man.
Good choice.
A Wendy's triple with cheese with ketchup and onion only.
Oh, man.
And if you're lucky, you might actually get what you ordered.
Especially the Wendy's down here by where we used to work.
Oh boy, wow, wow, wow.
It's kind of a different crowd.
It's like spit in the middle of food.
The wheel of meat.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Oh, a quinto stop.
Some from Quinto is okay.
Here they're very good.
Quinto is not Quinto.
That's the Quinto's quizno, sorry.
They bring a smooth one day.
It was very great.
I'll read it.
So they answered, yeah.
They're here.
We got quiznos here all over the place.
We have quizli's here.
I know that.
I was just going to say that.
Damn it.
5, 6, 7.
Okay.
You got that, you guys.
Quiznos.
Sub.
How are we putting these on there?
Sub from Quiznos.
There you go.
So far, milkshake and steak and shake.
That was my.
I came up with that.
I'm proud.
26.
Fries and McDonald's.
17.
That was Georgia course.
Chicken sandwich and wine.
You put that on there.
Jorussian George.
Well, because a lot of people were going to say that and they did.
It's that in place already.
Don't you know that?
Don't you just know it?
And I do.
Like Huey, what's his name?
I think it was.
I don't know.
I told you just know it.
Huey, what was his name?
Huey Lewis.
Huey Lewis.
Huey, I don't know.
Huey and Dewey.
Huey Log.
Barito Supreme Taco Bell.
10.
Mo, I love them.
Barito Supremes.
Cheeseburger Wendy's six, especially them triple cheese, with ketchup and onion only
please.
Fries and checkers four and the Jamoco-Shake at Arby's out of 79 votes that's got the
big.
So far it will have some.
We'll have some people with some real taste.
WQA and hello.
I don't know.
Yeah, I know.
They can't use biscuits from McDonald's.
Bacon and cheese biscuit.
They can, they can, they can, they can, they can, and cheese biscuits from McDonald's.
They are delicious.
Okay, thanks.
I would say I would see you there, but I won't.
After Golden Arches, man, the people who are poison in the world who are destroying, and
I can't imagine why people continue getting fatter, not just in America, but all over the
world.
They're getting fatter and fatter and bigger and sicker.
They're dying of BBs and of course, the poverty struggle.
All these things, man.
Can't imagine why, can you?
Evolution.
20.
Is that your evaluation?
They're evolving.
26 after 11 at 5, 60.
Speaking of that, if you're on, what a segway, if you're on the adkins, the South,
Beach Sugar Busters, many low-carb sugar-free diet, then head forward to the likes of West
Boker.
For years, the likes has helped thousands of low-carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals
and now the likes of West Boker celebrate in their 14th anniversary with special discounts
of up to 50% off on low-carb products like Carbolaid, Pure Delight Carb Sense and lots
more.
It is the anniversary super special.
You can save half off on all their adkins, brands, foods and supplements.
Don't forget the great selection of low-carb baker items like cheesecakes, breads, rolls,
brownies for all your brownie hounds, and whatever reality you find in a story, you can
try it before your diet, too, to make sure you like it.
They got, can you imagine that in the supermarket?
You can actually taste it before your diet?
Yeah.
That would have messed that would be, huh?
They got an eligible staff head to lights through open every day till 10.
Don't forget their guaranteed lowest-priced policy on all all adkins, Carbolaid and Pure
Delight products, too.
The LICOS Booker will not be in this order to find them on the northeast corner of Glazed
in 441 right next to Boston.
Marketer column, tool-free, 1-877-LOW-CARB, on a web, it's lowcarb.com.
The LICOS Booker is your official adkins retail center.
You are listening to new Roger Colt and the school of utility.
On 566-D.
Thank you, A.M.
Yeah, the vault just went out.
All right, I guess we're not going anywhere.
I think you're important.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's go.
For the conformity.
What about, yeah, let's go.
We're not only in the end of that low.
We've got to put it all in.
Anyway.
Well, I just keep going for a second.
No problem.
We've got left over.
That came from.
How about now?
No, I think I'll bother you.
I guess I just think what I was going to play.
I'm going to play now for another celebrity presidential endorsement.
This is Arnold Schwarzenegger, a moment-tossing resident George W. Bush.
He has the values of the splabby Americans in the red states.
And to the Americans in the blue states, I'll be to say this.
I'll beat you up with my new pinky toe, you curly man.
This George W. Bush.
And I never heard of these people or came lame.
John Kerry never wasn't Vietnam.
He lied about even being in the service.
I just bobbed all and bobbed all, says.
I never saw Kerry bleed.
So in my view, that makes him a liar.
John Kerry wasn't Vietnam.
Our summit to his party's poll in used to have.
I remember watching.
Kerry had sex with me to tell me on the five-inch white check.
John Kerry never went to Vietnam.
He didn't did John Edwards.
Kerry was working as a stunt double for Fred Quinn.
It's only true with we say so.
Listen to the voices in your head.
And the ones we hire to lie about John Kerry service.
Because we can do anything we like.
You are weak-minded and gullible.
How's its smell we get in up there?
It's 1129 and 560.
Right, dumb.
WQ and Mad Dog is on today too and never got to unfortunately.
He's no monster who's so out of touch with reality that it almost pains me.
It almost gives me big roids.
Cuban shifts herself to US and wouldn't create.
He's probably got some bad roids now, I would think.
Splitters.
A Cuban woman tucked herself inside a wooden crate, the size of a small filing cabinet.
And had herself shift from the Bahamas to Miami-Border cargo plane.
All from the Bahamas monitor's bad.
The last thing we need is any more people from the Bahamas.
Well, she's Cuban.
But she's from the Bahamas.
She's coming by way of that.
We don't need any more people from the Bahamas in the US or from Jamaica or from St. Kits or from St. Thomas,
or Jamama or a right.
The woman whose name was not released will be allowed to stay in the US of course.
A cargo crew found her trod up inside the crate after unloading it late Tuesday at Miami International.
Certainly she's lucky to be alive since Zach Mann, spokesman for Customs and Border Protection,
speaking of Zach, wants to hear no more.
Under the so-called Wetfoot Dryfoot Policy,
Cubans who weathe you by soil, weathe you by soil, are usually allowed to stay while those who are picked up at CR-SET home.
Federal officials released no information on how the woman got from Cuba to the Bahamas.
The 180-mile route is flown by a third-party contractor for delivery service DHL,
which said it was investigating.
The flight lasted only an hour, so the woman described as being in her early 20s,
would have been exposed to the cold for only a short period, and in other words, no problem.
Earlier this year a homestick man who shipped himself in a wooden cargo crate from New York to Dallas
was fined 1,500 bucks, sentenced to four months of house arrest for being a stowaway,
and forced to spend the rest of the year at Crawford, Texas.
With a bunch of mouth-reading idiots.
Popeyes biscuits, okay got this biscuits at top five.
We got them a cracker with soil, all right.
Biscuits at Popeyes.
Yeah.
I never even had Popeyes or bow jangles.
I don't think they're for me.
We'll be able to break in about ten minutes.
What do you mean by that?
That's what I was told by the engineers at the P.E.T.A.
We'll be able to break in about ten minutes.
Well the next scheduled break is about ten minutes, and we're not doing an evening break.
I'll tell you that right now.
Oh come on, it's all the rage now.
No freaking chance.
See one thing about our sponsors, they don't want to be like the 10th spot in the middle of a 20 minute break.
Sure they do.
Because they realize that that's like having a quarter of an inch ad in the Sunday hero
to just kind of a waste of cash, you know.
When you get lost in the middle of a long, ponderous commercial break that goes on and on.
Nobody's paying any attention.
Anyway the chili had Wendy somebody says I'm not, see I love chili but I don't like it with beans.
Right, and I'm sure you can't get it without the beans, right?
Sure you can, you have to buy it though in there, places you can go.
Real chili does not have beans.
No no I understand it.
I know you can get it but I'm talking about like are these joints itself like Wendy's.
They won't do that special chili right?
Because it's all pre-fabric, it's all baked cooked in a big, big steaming pot.
It's sitting there for like hours and hours and hours just, oh man.
Just rotting and festering.
Kind of like the stuff in the windows there in the Amsterdam.
And I was very pleased to see in my last trip here, but I, in fact, I waived high to some of those slices of pizza in the window.
That one place called Good Luck and believe me you'll need it.
I'm serious, I recognize some of the food in the window, how do they do that?
And don't think that it's just like an I'm displaying thing, you know.
They actually sell it.
Oh, oh.
Yeah, these unsuspected punks who are stoned out there ass anyway to come along.
I got the much, he's not having a big slice of pizza with pineapple, you know.
It's been sitting there from October 1893.
This is one of my favorite stories of all times that makes me very proud to be a part, at least a little bit of Canadian in me.
So to speak, it was Dan Bastard's last year.
It's idiots this year.
Oh right, all right, eh?
Canadian member of parliament, Carolyn Perish had said she hated Dan to Merkins and called them Bastards in the run up to the Iraq war.
She found a new moniker, Idiots yesterday, and discussing the planned US Missile Defense System.
We are not joining the coalition of idiots.
We're joining the coalition of the WISE, the liberal legislator told a small group of demonstrators.
Perish who had to apologize for her bastards in March last year at first that I'd use them as her idiots.
And when reporters put it out, they had to remarks on tape, just like last year.
She said, I don't mean Americans are idiots.
The world respects Canada for to join this, that it'll be giving credibility to what they're doing, she said.
Perish then, big reporters, not to use their remarks.
Please guys, don't put on that tape, she said.
I've already gotten into trouble once.
Really, please have had enough trouble.
She's just got a big mouth.
And most guys like somebody like that who's got a big mouth.
But if you saw her, you wouldn't make much to her.
The top spokesman of her former predecessor, Jean Crèche, and who also had a big mouth,
which kind of sloped off the one side, Francois Ducro had to resign in 2002 for calling to president George Bush a moron.
In other words, for telling the truth.
Crèche and successor, Prime Minister Paul Martin, who's about as exciting as Tappy of Caputting,
has pledged to put relations with Canada's largest trading partner on a warmer footing.
You go, girl, nice going, Carolyn.
Keep telling it like it is, bitch.
Oh, let's see.
Here, oh, here, grilled sub from Blimpie.
Got it? The grilled sub from Blimpie?
We can also, it says here, free Hank Goldberg.
Nice going, whoever, from Mike.
Nice going. Excellent job.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 8, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0
5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, nea, 8, 13, 14, 0, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 4, 16, 0,
6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 11, reach out in fall,
16, 11, OH,��서, 16, 18, 16, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 14, 18, 18, 18, 19, 27, 17, 25, PT, 15 YOWL,
Okay, thanks, Sally.
See in Temple Terrace, not.
The mini burgers at Crystal, that's with a K, of course, K, R, Y, S, T, A, L, not to
be confused with George's wife.
Right.
Have you ever eaten at Crystal?
No.
Really?
I don't think so.
They have mineral ando.
I still don't understand that.
I guess it's because most of the people in South Florida either ride a lot of beans or
they like stuff that you don't have to chew too hard because they like to gum their
food on the agery actor.
I thought it was why they didn't make it down here.
Yeah, I don't know.
I stayed in check.
What, how many years of took steak?
They didn't take to make it down there and then when they got to South Florida, then their
burgers started to fall on a part.
Yeah.
And I do mean literally fall on a part.
I don't know what happened to that.
I don't know.
Their shakes are still great, which they're leading them to pull.
Milk shakes.
And Sautec was here for about five minutes.
They were great.
Right.
Well, I mean, look, we can't live in the past with all the stuff that was good, but I'm
just saying stuff that's all around the rest of the state, just like Hardies.
We've even got Hardies here, eh?
No, Hardies.
Is there a Hardies in the data browser pump each?
Ah.
There's one thing they got that's great at Hardies, man.
Is that Truman Cheeseburger?
Yeah, man.
There's a big one down on Bird Road, but that was like a hundred years ago.
Right.
It was probably a little bit too good for the folks in the house.
That was where it was.
They could have points to go to Hardies every time we take a trip up North to the South.
There you go.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
What is it?
I'm speaking, yeah.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
I wanted to put in on my request for a one of three piece chicken from the inner city with
two pieces and some coleslaw.
I'll bring it right over.
Well, we happen to have one right this year in the station you're in Los Halley.
Who?
Josh will be delivered right here and do a right at two-fifteen.
Just sit tight right now, okay?
Oh, God.
Now somebody is probably going to say KFC.
After seeing that story about them butchering up them chickens and stomping on them and asking
if they were to smash them.
That's a nice idea.
It's baseball bats.
Oh, is that what it is?
It's a tender.
Oh, I thought that the bush might say that everybody has to use eight-offs to gain the tender
rise all their stuff.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, the slide KFC is probably the best.
The slaw?
KFC.
It's the best item.
The slide KFC.
Okay, let's put that on there just for all time.
Sure, that's good.
The slaw.
The KFC.
Slaw is for going in, okay?
Now what's the story about the brakes here?
I mean, I'd like to get a little bit of an update.
Upchuck.
Well, when the AV returns it's broken as I'm told and we'll go to break.
I see.
Well, how about if I do my next live spot right now and then we're going to like free up something?
Is that enough?
Because I think we actually in the last hour I have a couple of, we've had a couple of openings
there in that last hour which is not that we're only on for three hours in a few minutes.
It's really outrageous, outlandish.
I understand we even have some openings on the Stern show which shows me that our sales
department is too busy trying to force me to do spots that I'm not going to ever do as
opposed to going out there and really selling the 85th in a whole bunch of 95 spots, right?
Right.
I can't understand these people.
22 till noon at QA.
You've heard me talk about dry concepts for many years and that's because I've used them in my
house for over 20 years.
They've been around in South Florida for 25 years.
Cleaning carpeting like nobody ever heard of before because they have a patented,
exclusive method.
That's where their name came from, dry concepts.
They dry clean your carpeting.
Same idea is dry clean your clothing and guess what?
It works.
It sucks out all the dirt, all the germs, all the crap that even make it eye can't see way down there in the fibers of your carpet.
And it leaves your carpet looking just like brand new no matter how filthy it is right now and
smelling lemony fresh.
Your carpets are dry in a couple of hours.
You really can clean today and entertain tonight.
They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job and you can say
an extra 15% off that are already unbeatable priced by having you put them on you.
They're stand by list when you call dry concepts.
Here's their toll free number, whether it's your carpeting, your poster or your area rug, your expensive
oriental rug, all of these things, nobody will do a job for you like these folks.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
It's dry concepts making carpets clean since 1979.
Let's see, I'm not playing to rejoin the whatever, the bumper, the thingy.
The bumper, the bumper for the Humper.
Yeah, because we got no, we can't play any spots.
Now, are they going to give us like a little heads up on this or they're just going to like, we're going to interrupt and mid-sentence?
Because I really don't care anymore to be honest with you.
We don't know.
We're going with the flow, we just have no idea.
This is Greg Reed radio at its finest.
Let's see, a cheeseburger from Charislotte County, or a charburger, sure why not?
Joe Rosini, we're upset if we didn't put that on there.
That is true.
You're from Greyhunt.
In fact, I got another one for you.
After you put that on there, another Charislotte one is the Italian sausage.
Right.
Don't normally think about that.
Why not?
Well, because it's Charislotte, people think of burgers.
Well, what about their weeners, man?
They got some weird Charislotte.
Yeah.
Let's see, here's one from WB.
It seems as if Bob D'Oll opened up a real can of worms when he brings up Curie's war record.
According to the Nation magazine article, they logged in 121996.
Bob D'Oll's war hero record isn't even close to being just that.
The article may be found at, oh, a long, long, pronderous website.
Mr. D'Oll is just as much of fake as George W.
I'm not close to being the hero that Curie is.
Just another bitter old Republican who got his ass whooped and chooses to use selective memory.
Please read for enlightenment since WB.
There you go.
And of course, not to mention, of course, that he's got a limp-
**** noodle.
Bob D'Oll.
Mr. Viagra.
That's why he's, that's why he's been under shape and gender.
Well, he didn't, I think that's a good light.
Didn't see Curie bleed.
Worryed.
Wake up in the morning.
I say bleeding.
Because you know what they say if it bleeds, it bleeds.
Craig and Miami's chronic, man.
Oh, Craig, you've got to get a life where you're pleased.
I have no life.
Oh, man.
The best item sold at a fast food place is the B.K. broiler from Burger King.
Now we're beginning to understand what Craig's problem is.
It's his taste is in his...
Right, dome, Tush.
Anybody who says the best, anything is a Burger King needs serious ass systems, okay?
Do you believe that?
Well, the best aid is burgers.
The B.K. those ain't this...
Yeah, maybe that's what the B.K. stands for behind the beating curtain or something.
I don't know.
The B.K. broiler from Burger King.
Well, what we put it on there is kind of a comic relief.
You can't complain about the food at Burger King because they don't sell any.
I'm trying to think, do they have shakes at Burger King?
And gives me the shakes when I think about eating it.
Oh, no, I take it back.
In fact, I got one to put on there.
Okay?
Although you're not going to be able to spell it, Josh.
The cross sandwich.
He'll still Google it.
Don't you agree?
Yeah, no doubt.
Although I always used to get it without the egg.
They put that little piece of plastic on it.
The heaven cheese cross sandwich.
But we can just put the breakfast cross sandwich however they like it.
Breakfast cross sandwich and Burger King is damn good.
So I take back, I apologize.
I'm very...
I almost am sorry, but not really because they suck really badly.
But I apologize.
I apologize.
I apologize.
We've been working for a long time.
Exactly.
That was a very, very bad.
Holy crap.
Man, that was like a nice echo in there too.
It sounded like the old days in the WABC.
A little reverb.
Okay, go ahead and go to a break.
Oh, let's take a break.
It's 18 to 9.
You want to sing a new Roger.
You want to sing a new Roger.
You want to sing a new Roger.
You want to sing a new Roger.
You want to sing a new Roger.
You want to sing a new Roger.
You want to sing a new Roger.
2001?
Okay, went out again.
Okay, I thought maybe I missed something, but they're in the...
I don't know.
One of Lamy Tom's little boy?
Now, it's a concert.
It's John Kerry.
John Kerry.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
John Kerry.
Coming soon to a town new youth.
Help.
I need some time.
Help.
Just stay here.
Help.
I need some time.
Help.
John the Merrick.
Just stay here.
John the Merrick.
Just stay here.
John the Merrick.
Hold.
Right.
John the Merrick.
John Kerry sings that classic hymn.
John Kerry.
Just stay here.
Hold.
Hold.
Well, the I got told.
I was going to get everything straightened out.
So just relax.
Okay, everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
We're team going to our equipment a-two fine.
In fact, I don't probably shouldn't mention the story now because people start connecting the dots with our audio vault continuing to crash so we can't play any spots.
Right.
It's a conspiracy.
Although my computer seems to be working just fine and evidently yours both are two, but, right.
A coordinated online strike against internet service by terrorists dubbed electronic G-HOD may or may not strike this week's security expert said.
One security researcher in Moscow warned that today could be the day in question.
Oh, my God.
But a recent string of attacks on primary internet services and the unraveling of major encryption routines are raising concerns in the internet operator community.
Did you know there was an internet operator community?
No, I did not.
It's kind of like the gay community and the black community and the Cuban community and the all the other communities that are such good friends of John.
11.
According to a Tuesday report Russian security researcher, you have Gennie Kaspersky.
I thought he used to play for the panthers and by the way, no hockey season.
I think it's about 99 and 2.30 percent for sure.
Founder of Moscow based Kaspersky Labs International said a strike against political and financial sites was expected today.
Today.
The hackers who have proclaimed the electronics G-HOD have enough experience and resources to paralyze the internet for several hours at least.
Kaspersky said in the report,
the EG-HOD has been discussed for years, but an undisputed attack has yet to surface that can Durham directly of malicious code and IDFN's Inc. of Rest in Virginia.
He's director of malicious code.
For the most part coordinated, hacktivist attacks have been more talked and walk-headed.
Durham said security pros are increasingly worried about when political activists might join with like-minded security and internet programmers.
This will be a dangerous situation he said.
While Kaspersky is wanting to appear to suggest wide-scale DDoS attacks distributed to Nala Service, experts suggest that important internet services as well as root servers are also at risk.
Oh my god.
For example, a DDoS attack in June against Akamai Technologies Inc. slowed traffic across the internet for several hours.
And in July, double-click Inc.'s DNS domain name system was attacked and unable to serve ads for a similar time frame.
There was significant worry in the internet community that these attacks have a greater meaning said one internet operator declined attribution.
They could be related to an electronic G-HOD or not.
Nobody knows. In other words, nobody knows the trouble we're going to be seeing as what he's saying.
See? See what I'm saying.
So I just mentioned that in passing.
I had that in my pilot for a long time to pass that along because I get everybody all whipped up into a frenzy.
I'll really nervous.
Because why also would the audio vault keep crapping out?
Was that happening earlier this morning? Do we know?
Or is that just something that started on the world famous The Aroger Show?
Yeah.
Just started with us now.
It's probably a communist plot is what it is.
It's probably a bunch of caseroot supporting bearded Kami Pinkawa fags is what it is.
Or hiding out in the tea room with the freaky carloas.
And the weird beard.
Right.
And the buffery.
Well, only we can only imagine what's going on in there.
If you hear the sounds of a pneumatic drill.
Somebody's getting drilled in there. I guarantee you.
What's the best food item sold at fast food joints? That's our poll question.
What do we got here? We got 197 votes starting to pick up a little steam.
Milk shake and steak and shake is holding on to a wait tenuous lead, 45.
The chocolate shake and steak and shake is worth going on.
Don't bother with the burgers man. They fall apart and they suck.
Yeah, they do.
Well, what's wrong with that?
First came, you know, that one right by my house on the sawdust there.
I never had the pleasure.
Huh?
Never had the pleasure of that one.
I don't know what all happened to them.
Well, they started hiring some of different folks too.
I see.
Yeah, I don't know if that is anything to do with it.
Bringing in some people who don't live in the hood.
And those folks just can't make no boogers.
Anyway, fries and McDonald's is a close second.
The shakes have got 47.
McDonald's 41.
I get the shakes when I see the golden arch.
Chicken sandwich and Wendy's 25.
Cheeseburger and Wendy's 18 and especially the triple cheese with whatever.
Subs from QuizNo is 15.
Well, I sure wish I could eat that bread, you know what?
Yeah, well, I never ate one of those with the bread.
They brought in a whole spread with no bread for me that one day.
But boy, those grilled subs, man, they look so fantastic, so inviting.
Although I'm going to cheat, I'd rather have that chocolate banana waffle.
Yeah, sure.
Would maple syrup, would maple syrup, man, it was good.
With Canadian maple syrup, hey.
I might just have one today, but I'm going to love the maple.
They're very big.
Maple leaves, maple leaves, maple trees, maple syrup, maple.
They even slather maple syrup on their...
Correct, don't you like that?
They even love the maple.
They can't miss it on here anymore, huh?
For redo, supreme and taco bell, 15 type with QuizNo is that is so good.
Now that's what I'm going to do.
I'm not going to go and have no chocolate waffle again.
I'm going to go to Taco Bell.
And a guy that asked before about Taco Viva, they've been gone for many, many years.
Taco Viva!
That's a real good one that's no longer round was in Candle on sunset drive.
Taco's Ole, we've talked about this many times, but it used to have that...
The melted cheese, oh man.
They would put it everywhere, they'd even stuff a little near it.
Correct.
If you ask nicely.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
That soft or melted cheese.
Oh, man, that's good.
They said everything good.
And no matter what they had, whether it was the taco or the burritos,
in fact, their great thing was the burrito with the no beans, with onions and cheese.
Oh, man.
Taco's Ole.
Why can't we eat?
Why doesn't some bags do that there and rent a pill?
Now this bull crap about, wow, if we just exercise a little bit, we don't want to exercise discipline.
We want to eat.
There's just too much good crap out there, man.
Somebody give us that freaking pill before it's too late.
So we can just eat manja, manja, manja.
Anyway, you can go to break, we can play it out of the other studio.
Oh, let's go to a break.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Congratulations on the 560s.
UAM.
WQAM, Miami for Florida.
This is Dick Cheney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
And hey.
So can ever.
Oh.
You're home and need a breath.
I, boss and see.
Will not you and your ass.
Welcome.
Is the sunrise and she's by our side.
We can enjoy the view to the sea.
It's the legal church according to you.
And you know that you're seeing.
Oh, ladies and gentlemen,
come and get your hands on me.
Oh, can ever, boss and see.
That's that's the one you need.
You can go to the door.
Oh, can ever, boss and see.
That's that's the one you need.
It's, uh, let me fit the eight.
It's almost noon.
Now, what do we do now here on Make It Up?
We'll play it by ear.
Well, what do you mean by that?
We'll just have to space them out, uh, you know, appropriately.
Sir Malky, shake from our bees has got a few votes in there.
What did I tell you?
It's got.
You have a little faith.
Oh, I just never heard of it.
What?
Jamoka.
We got a Narbeze right by the house.
Jamoka is like a coffee shake.
You never had Jamoka ice cream?
No, I've had coffee just not.
Yeah, it's not in here.
You must be.
I thought you were a man of the at least not the world so much, but the hood.
You must be sleeping in a car hanging and sleeping under the hood.
What is that all about?
You never, like, even Starbucks, which I don't go into those places,
because I don't read coffee because it makes me crap my brains out.
But, uh, I'm sure that Starbucks,
they now have their own ice creams.
They're all coffee flavored.
I bet you.
I'll bet you a great week's life on it.
I'll even throw in the dump, uh, furry.
They have a chocolate frappe latte thingy that's really good.
Oh, I'm talking about these Starbucks ice creams.
They have, I'm sure they got a Jamoka.
Well, they, it's kind of like a shake.
It comes out like a shake.
But you never had Jamoka ice cream?
Not that I would have.
Oh, my God.
We not having Nestle's Turtle ice cream in Jamoka.
You just imagine all the avenues you've got to look forward to.
We go to Arby's like once a month.
So, uh, next time.
You go to Arby's once a month?
What?
The drive-through for the, uh, they have.
And I know for those, uh, one of them market-fresh sandwiches.
Yeah.
Isn't that what it is?
Right.
No, for their, they, they have decent chicken sandwiches there.
And they have a variety of fries, whatever you are as stylists,
even potato cakes.
No.
Even potato cakes.
I don't remember.
I was the one talking about that.
Right.
No, wait a minute.
Was it, who was it that was telling me that they didn't have potato cakes?
So, wasn't the Jamoka straight?
They said they didn't have potato cakes.
I think that was Josh.
No, I think that was Josh.
Well, he's out of the room, so let's talk about it.
I see.
Well, with good reason, okay.
New probably knew we were going to talk about that.
He was trying to tell me they did not have potato cakes at Arby's.
Yes, they do.
They say they're doing a great job.
They're like, and, uh, the regular whole day.
They're kind of like almost like little potato pancakes all-mode.
They're good.
In fact, they're kind of like potato pancakes for goyem.
See.
The stats were of Liberty Bloomingdale's, the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens,
a stage full of naked guys singing.
Oops.
The city's tourist bureau has pulled an off-roadway show called Naked Voice Singing,
from a list of discounted offerings to visiting Republican delegates
after the Republican National Right Wing Committee complained it wasn't suitable
for their blue-nosed right wing Bible-thumping hematocritical phony fags.
The Gay Thing Show, built as a musical review that celebrates the splendors of male nudity
and comedy song in dance.
As we see generally, good reviews hasn't created much of a stir since it began.
It's run six years ago.
It's 2127 performances making the 10th longest running off-roadway show ever.
So when New York City and Company placed the production among the theater offerings
for its come-early-stay-late program,
designed to get delegates to spend an extra couple of days in the city,
nobody thought much-abooted.
But this month, when members of the Republican National Committee on Arrangements
began to review the list of offerings, the show's title caught their eye,
and they asked that it be removed from the tourist bureau's website.
The Republican Party selected what we felt were offers that bests would suit our
blue-nosed right wing audience R&C's,
spoke to him on the letter Alcivar said Wednesday,
we thank the producers for offering their generous discount
and wish them continued success for the show.
It's interesting that he's spelled success, by the way.
Oh, it's big and a spelling. I hate to break the news to you.
Is George back in there? Yeah, he's coming in.
I hate to break the news to two things.
Number one, they do still have potato cakes at Arby's. That's number one.
Because I'm emphatically insist that it was you that denied the things.
And number two, you left the-
Oh, of course sandwich.
You've got like cross and witch.
Cross, which is I guess where they used to burn them, wasn't it?
I'm across, which one?
Which? But see the idea is it's a croissant and a sandwich.
See, I don't want to get like two technical here.
Okay, two technicals.
Yeah, but that's what that's all about.
Is a croissant and sandwich form with something inside of it.
Stuff as opposed to misplained red and their pedestrian French croissant.
That's all.
So that's you left off the eye.
And of course, I'm sure the Erika patch is up in no time at all.
This story is very disturbing and very distressing.
And one more reason why nobody ought to vote for George Bush to be in a regained with his very much a Nazi killers
for these aluminum things with all that blood on their hands.
By the way, you love the new billboard, the picture of Bush that we have on there.
On our website, neo-argers.com.
It's just a so dumb that it's scary and the fact that more than maybe half of the electorate or a little bit more of those who've decided
is going to vote for him again.
If it's just a scandalist, unbelievable.
So when some Canadian bitch says that we got a bunch of idiots running in America,
how about the ones who are voting for these idiots and putting them back in there again or coming close to,
close enough for them to steal it again?
Lies and lies and smear and the dirtiest.
And these were the people that were going to bring back feces and civility and all these other things.
The good religious holy Bible thumpers all of this crap.
The fetus huggers, the stem cell lookers.
But boy, just smear and when they get cornered like a cornered rat,
just lash out and smear and tear down.
And that's because they don't have a record they can run on.
You could list their accomplishments on your fingers and have at least four and a half left over.
So what are we talking about?
He didn't really deserve those medals.
Oh, that's right.
He only had a little flesh wound is what I'm hearing.
Hey, Nail.
Yeah, and they probably dragged his ass over there.
Anyway, speaking of people dying for no reason at all,
a man was severely burned yesterday when he said,
fired away Marine Corvana for being told that his Marine son had been killed in Iraq police.
He said, another senseless killing, another senseless tragedy,
not to mention what's going on in the Jaffa over there.
Now they got the old Ayatollah, Sistani, they brought back.
They got Al-Sadir and Al-Toh Ayatollah, this one and that one.
And they're all rioting in the streets and a whole bunch of people are dead
and they're in a bomba grande over here and a little one over there,
a pakenia, mayor pakenia.
And all this stuff is going on because of this war based,
this illegal invasion based on a pack of lies.
And nobody's talking about that because your media are just a bunch of shields.
You're a bunch of suckholes is what you are, all of your people,
NBC, ABC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC was nobody watches.
And of course Fox that goes without saying.
I thought they finally must have come to their senses when they finally admit
a little bit of honesty on Fox 28 when they replaced the old logo on Fox News with a swastika.
I thought at least they're starting to show the law on us anyway.
And you noticed that all the reporters now on Fox News,
it's obligatory to have the little paste on mustache.
Yeah, that's your spashtite.
Three US Marines went to the house in Hollywood yesterday afternoon
told the parents of a 20-year-old Marine that their son died Tuesday in combat in a job.
The father Carlos Arradondo, 44, then walked into the open garage,
picked up a can of gasoline, a propane tank and a lighting device.
Hollywood police captain Tony Rody said,
he smashed the van's window and with a propane tank and doused the van with gasoline
before setting it on fire.
The father was in disbelief, same as any of us would be after hearing this kind of horrible news, Rody said.
But then the father basically loses it.
You can only imagine what this father was going through.
He snapped to say the least.
Local TV news station identified the son of his PFC, Alexander Arradondo,
Rody did not confirm that cost of the Marine Corridor immediately returned.
The Marines unsuccessfully tried to stop Arradondo from starting the fire,
but he set himself on fire and the process was inside the burning van
when Brune's pulled him out and put out the flames.
He was taken initially to Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood,
moved to Miami's Jackson Memorial, he was listed in serious condition,
with secondary severe burns to his arms and legs.
All of these tragedies, all of these dead people.
All of these things.
Thanks to the butcher of Washington, okay?
And the public says, oh yeah, well he's got a good point about that.
Just for a little bit, just because he was AWOL and he can't tell anybody where he was
or what that was all about.
And he keeps hiding that part of his military records.
And I use that term military records loosely.
Man, you don't ever, ever overestimate the intelligence of the American public in fact.
I think that's an oxymoron American intelligence because there's so little.
You got to have a search party, you got to have Shylock Holmes and Miss Hercule Perot
whatever the hell it is him and Miss Marple, Mar Maple, whatever her name was.
What was her name? Agatha Christie. Let's do it.
There you go.
It is just amazing how many idiots do are out there.
But thanks for those low gas prices, Mr. President.
Yeah, thanks for giving us a tremendous respect around the world.
And the international cooperation.
Mill, let me get back to this poll because I'm getting all whipped up into a frenzy
and you should not be allowing me to do this because it's the last day of this summer schedule.
That's what I ought to be pissed off about.
And then to find out that Syrin's going on vacation again tomorrow.
I'm not going to be only until 10 o'clock or earlier all next week because they're playing a bunch of stay-all-tapes.
Oh my goodness.
What kind of punishment is that?
It's not bad enough that I'm not in training.
I'm not in shape to be doing five shows in one week.
There's a demo.
Five full four hour shows.
And maybe a couple of extra minutes before 10 o'clock, which I'm not...
I will see what happens there.
I kind of like that music work.
Yeah.
Somebody's got to play that.
Now the TMI, I mean, KAT.
Or over the classical stations going on vacation melodies.
Is it something Andy Courage, that thing I read on Tuesday,
that was really something about WKAT.
They got like, how many listeners to that classical scratchy music on their scratchy A.M. signal?
About third, man.
And it's like a big sign of dance.
All he's doing is giving you a little warning.
They're going to dump it.
They're going to schmit can it.
Note shake, it's taking shake is the best fast food I'm sold at fast food joints.
That's what's so far in our poll 53.
How many hosts we got?
Enough to talk about 262.
Not overwhelming.
Pretty weak.
The Fry's in McDonald's 47.
When these cheeseburgers 27.
The chicken sandwich of Wendy's 26.
Chicken sandwich to me is like, I don't know, not a lot of taste.
It does there, see.
That's just spicy chicken?
Yeah.
Surprisingly.
They're both good, but we like spicy.
They're very tender there.
They're very flavorful.
They even tender.
Yeah.
Marina's a pro.
Except from Quiz Ozes got 22.
Good stuff, even though I can't eat it.
I can't eat all that bread.
Marina's a premium Taco Bell 19.
Man, that is the Katsumia.
Now, Charburger with Charhot 14.
Did you move your chicken?
Arby's got 10, George.
You'll love it.
You're right back.
This weekend you better go try one.
Oh well.
Make it a per...
Or else.
Fry's at...
Checker's 10.
Bacon egg and cheese biscuit of McDonald's 9.
Ooh, that sounds so...
Oh, so much...
You know what they also have at hearties?
They have those nasty biscuits with gravy.
I don't like any of those biscuits.
Oh, we're all the...
They never had them biscuits.
They're like...
They've been sitting on a street corner in Hollywood, California.
They're all throngers.
They taste like baking soda.
Oh, man.
They are nasty.
Which goes to show.
And they sell like crazy.
Big seller.
Anyway, making the cheese biscuit of McDonald's 9.
Many burgers at Crystal have got 8.
Chilli Wendy's has got 5.
Although I'm sure they got them beans.
There's nasty kidney beans.
Yeah, they do.
Ooh.
Biscuits at Popeyes 3.
The B.K. Brother Burger King's got 2.
People would absolutely know taste.
They cross sandwiched which I still don't think that's right.
But it's close enough.
Burger King has got a pair.
The Italian sausage is charred only too.
The Slocke is got 2.
It must be really, really fantastic.
You know what?
For the cold slaughter they voted.
That's because you're a lot.
And the grilled sub-it-blimp is only going to one.
Blimp is such, by the way.
Didn't they once bring a spoon?
I don't recall.
I think they did.
I don't really care what they brought a spoon or not.
I guess I've just been like...
Maybe they improved.
Maybe they got better.
I don't even remember.
I know I've eaten there once.
I think you're quite a sucks.
So you're having a good sub itself.
That's why it's a good thing that Quiznos came along.
And of course our good friends at Atlantic City.
Atlantic City.
Oh.
Well that was reported and so it wasn't it.
Atlantic City, Atlantic City subs?
Yes, a Ira who isn't there anymore.
Anyway, they got good subs.
But finding good subs is like finding good pizza and stuff.
So I voted very little.
We got the...
How's our friends?
You have Colin doing no hair from him anymore.
They have pizza law.
They're doing good man.
He's regrouping and he's doing just fine.
He's regrouping?
I'm sure of that.
Everybody.
It's 11 past noon at 5.60.
Why don't we make it a few bucks now that the rumors move to Colin anyway?
Right now for a limited time already you can save lots more.
Speaking of money than before on top selling mattresses from Donald Macressor.
You do sit on your fat lazy ass and make one easy call.
Is it kind of shopping all of us love?
Just call 1-800 mattress today for extra discounts.
Above and beyond they're already every day on a beatable low-factory direct prices.
Plus now you can get an extra 10% off.
So it's just perfect sleeper magnolia.
I think it even comes with the frogs.
Combined three savings and other savings with the Donald Macressor award winning service.
They're ranked number one overall customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourism Excellence Award.
And of course the runtime delivery policy that lets you pick the two are one
do you want your mattress shoved through.
And you'll be a satisfied customer like I've been for years.
If you have a college student need a bedding pick up the phone right now call 1-800 mattress
and get saved in delivery to all major colleges and universities from Miami to Maine.
Or just send me his picture and maybe he can sleep on my mattress.
From Kendlestore Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Donald Macressor will deliver the finest bedding around everybody at QA.
All the smart people all over town are calling 1-800 mattress because it's the easiest
as smart as piece of shopping you can ever do.
Just that one easy call will have your sleep in fine for years to come.
1-800 mattress or on their website is mattress.com 1-800-MATTRES.
You will listen to Neil Rogers it's gloosively on 5-16-8-5-1.
1-MIGILGAN ZONE.
It's Father of Illumina.
Meet Switt as attorney.
In preparation to take his son back to Cuba.
Well Mr. Gonzalez how was your trip?
Very good glasses.
Have any questions before we go any further?
C-C-C-C.
These box with the pictures.
It's incredible. What is this?
Oh that's a television.
Oh tell me.
Mr. William what does that mean?
Pardon me?
Wada.
Well it means what's up?
Like what's going on?
Wada.
Right it's a greeting.
Wada.
Now I know that you're uncomfortable being here.
This is a very difficult time for you soon.
What is it?
Oh this pizza hot stuffed crust pizza is incredible.
How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
I'm not sure.
So as I was saying...
Wada.
Yeah as I was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible.
Bye bye bye.
Are you going somewhere?
No I'm racing to the new CD by the boy band InSync with my new Sony disc man.
He's incredible.
Yes Mr. Gonzalez they are quite incredible but we'll be meeting with the...
You must take me but we can't know.
Hi bye bye.
Oh God.
Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
Why do you look all I love it here?
They've dragged 300 channels on cable and I can watch all the yucky games.
But Mr. William what is it Mr. Gonzalez?
Wada.
From 18 to 560 Wada.
We got the man dog Jim Manitou too.
We got Howard David at 4 for Hank Goldberg suspended non vacation.
Not necessarily in that order.
Marlon's on deck 630 Jhinest at the Marlon 7505 and any K good old guy who's just there day after day it's any K.
They'll give you the odds and everything that things have been invented and things we haven't thought of yet after the ballgame tonight.
Speak of Elian, Elianito.
By the way the Abuelos reports is that they're still checking for it.
They're still looking at it.
They're still fumbling with it.
A federal judge is throwing out a lawsuit claiming six federal agents use excessive force in that armed raid to seize little Elianito Gonzalez at the home of his Miami as slime ball relatives four years ago.
The 14 pay Georgia issued this week by US District Judge Marsha Cook concluded that the agents who conducted the raid were legally immune to the lawsuit and she found no constitutional violations.
We were pleased with the judge's decision said Charles Miller Washington spoke to the Department of Justice.
That wasn't a reaction in Miami of course.
We are shocked and disappointed by the court's decision town fit and present of the right wing judicial watch said in the statement yesterday.
The legal watchdog group soon on behalf of Elian's cousin great uncle and his wife.
It's the shame the Bush administration defends these unlawful acts by the Clinton administration he said.
The Gonzalez family is considering an appeal.
The lawsuit noted that the raid team broke down the front door unannounced, sprayed irritating gas or two bad back in the day.
We'd have a lot of good.
Irritating gas is nothing worse than irritating gas held people at gunpoint and shouted of senators that sleepy unarmed relatives supporters and news media in the pre-dawner raid of April 2000.
Of course the fact that if those people would have obeyed the law and it would have turned them over and handed them over without all that so advanced we wouldn't have had to go through all of that to song dance.
A famous associated press photograph showed a frightened Elian in a closet.
The air from an arm-martial directing shot clothing during the raid the boy now ten was returned on the cue after his father.
A with his father after the raid and of course we all know that it was the fisherman that was holding him in the closet.
Why was the fisherman in the closet?
I think that that story needs to be examined a little bit more.
The suit was the sixth file over the raid including three by people at the house and three by a whistle blowing immigration agent who claimed an anti-cuban bias at the Miami office.
The former INS service the agent reached a settlement under the cases of going to trial all about your cockarai as they say in Tekas-Labakia or used to be with the Czech Republic.
Where is the other way around?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 are following this on the AT&T and Verizon wireless law.
It's got a lot more names on this pool. I'm sure we'd have a lot more votes if we had a lot more items when you think well take a lot more calls.
Well if I did but you know we've got a lot of fish to fry see.
No one is saying no fish sandwiches and you want to know why does anybody not that I don't eat that anyway.
Does anybody make you a fish sandwich?
No one is famous for it.
Because the only story that I'm always hearing about people with fish sandwiches especially at the Mickey D's is people getting really sick.
You know I'm...
Right?
I hadn't heard those stories.
Oh yeah! All the time here people getting sick on bad fish.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
How are we fixed for...
We're just doing the normal routine rest of the thing now?
Yeah we're back to normal.
Assuming that everything continues working.
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey Neil how you doing?
Pretty good?
You know you're no longer able to use those sound effects that you used to use years ago.
That is correct.
But a couple mornings ago I did hear these sounds on the gentleman from fixed to 10.
On the Howard sperm show yes?
Yes sir.
So are you under different laws than me?
I don't really care.
Now we're following the corporate.
The corporate has handed down their edict and I just want the money.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not going to be like a child and sit here banging a spoon on the table.
I love my cigarette snorers right?
I'll do whatever the hell they tell me.
As long as they keep paying me that kind of money I'm more than delighted.
In addition to which guess what?
Somehow we're continuing to just find without the sounds.
Yeah this is true though.
But overall though you are more enjoyable should have listened to than that.
Absolutely.
Okay and have a great day.
If I can I want to get that guy all his feathers ruffled or call up how are you going to
tomorrow morning on tape.
See it's interesting because if he called him at 6.15 this morning the professional
Ojiyan provocative to a sprick that called us before.
If he did that then how come that was before we even got that facts that I read?
Well how come you do that?
So far I don't have we had any facts that said boy it sure is great having Howard
Stern and you make a great back to back how are we whatever huh?
Or we wish Stern was on till midnight.
No I didn't like that.
Because if we had those we'd I'd sure read him or maybe just your just sabotaging it
and I was setting those facts is not passing them along to me because he's got that personal
rod bug of his ass.
You know how jealous I am.
That's right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line WQAM hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
You still the best Neil full car for Howard man.
Yep.
Can I call somebody this bag?
No.
How do you like that?
Yeah well.
I guarantee you a lot of dumping going on there.
I can all want to thought I smelled something.
5 6 7 0 5 60 out.
Is this a difficult question or we got all of mine because if that's the case I'll just proceed with my agenda.
Here I got a whole pile of very important stuff.
Huh?
I don't know.
How about you go ahead and hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
I'm great.
Good.
Good.
Glad to hear.
I don't usually I can't get through but this is the first time I want to let you know big
fans.
My brother and I love listening to you.
Just an awful George.
I wanted to mention I don't know if anybody is saying anything.
I've only been able to hear you for the last 20 minutes.
This morning somebody called up the Howard show and I don't know why I was listening but I put
it out for about 5 minutes and then I usually turned it off.
Somebody made a comment.
A couple people were complaining.
They called up and said oh man those guys in Miami are pissing you when you get off the
air and they were pretty much complaining about how they didn't like Howard and they were
crying.
It was great.
I enjoyed it.
Yeah.
What did he say?
Oh.
He said oh well.
Let me tell you.
He started talking about the Beasley and he says well you know those I like those Beasley's
guys are pretty nice people over there that run that and he kind of was buttering up to
them and smoothing around it and that guy was complaining.
Oh yeah they're saying that they're not getting a lot of it locked out, a lot of your show.
He says oh yeah we've had problems and he says oh well a little bit of Howard is better
than...
There you go.
That's right.
A little bit of ego is a better than a big foul one right.
Okay.
Listen Pally have a great day.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks for the spy report.
567056.
Pound 5660 boys sucking out to the Beasley's I work for them and even I don't do that.
Man that would be how could I have any self respect sucking up to a bunch of banjo pick
and Yahoo's.
Well maybe they're paying them more.
That could be WQAM Hello.
Line 9.
Hello Neil.
Yes.
You need to put from I think it's called checkers or rallies that is going to send company
but their banana shake is incredible.
Well that sounds good.
Do you ever had a Jim Okashake at Arby's?
Oh that is the only reason I would go to Arby's.
That is absolutely correct.
But here is the deal with excellent taste.
Now is it rallies or is it checkers because I don't part this deal with it?
It's a checkers down in Florida and rallies up north.
Well it's sick with checkers.
It's like hardies and calls junior are the same.
But here.
How do you do that?
Yeah.
Rallys and hardies and calls junior are the same?
Yeah it's called junior in the west and it's hardies.
I'm absolutely positive.
But Neil.
Yes sir.
What did I ever do to you?
So banana shake at checkers.
Wow.
I'm going to stuff.
This is not a good show for me.
Maybe I was inspired by that chocolate banana and a broccoli.
Maple pure Canadian maple syrup has slatted all over it.
Man it was so good.
I'd say like maybe once every six weeks I'd tweet myself to something like that.
If I continue on the not so straight and very narrow.
Yeah.
1226 at 560 WQ and if you have a business if you're in charge of ordering ink jets,
thermocarbon paper, supplies and of course all of these things.
Pick up that phone right now called tool free 1-800-2879212.
That's the number four a laser recharge, the toner recharge cartridge specialist.
They provide service support and maintenance for most basic models of machines
to make them run just like brand new again.
When you call 800-2879212, you'll save money on all your printing and office equipment supplies.
For those of you who haven't called yet, what are you waiting for?
When you call 1-800-2879212, you'll be dealing with just Bob with the supply of businesses
and South Florida with what they need.
In most cases, you've got it within 24 hours.
A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing.
And keep in mind, all the cartridges sold by A laser recharge are remanufactured,
not refilled, any smuck, any schlepper on a streetcorder,
consignate cheap refill of cartridge, but you only get what you pay for.
Don't forget, remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go.
Write down this number on your sleeve, on your wrist, on your unit,
and the column as soon as you can save a lot of money.
1-800-2879212.
A laser recharge is part of the individualized service,
or for you, no questions, act satisfaction guarantee.
Whether it's toner, cartridges, all of these things pick up that phone and call just Bob
at A laser recharge, toll free 1-800-2879212
or the website is a laser recharge.com.
Call them right now, 1-800-2879212.
That's pure, signature, minimal rocket.
And score is now at 8 AM.
Accept you over there behind the Fox News camera.
Scrow yo!
She's finally joyfully you know!
The flight is like a roadside.
Snows from the body roll bowl.
Far from the chest body, bells and eyes,
all the rice not bowed.
It has been like sheet me alive.
She raised for criminal proud.
Far from the chest body, bells and eyes.
And she test me, old and craft me.
And she ran for twice, said sad things.
She's a drowsiness, and said,
I'm great so I may fly, but I'll say say what's no point.
What's like the carries in a bowl is all between the skies and time.
But he tells me now,
he doesn't need to fall up.
That's if he's always a fool, I ain't even.
He's with what he's taught.
Far from the chest body, bells and eyes.
We gave a short punch and chest push,
not a bad gym meal.
Wild and flush, we were kicked back.
And smelled some ice, the ice, the stars,
and a big hat.
Far from the chest, we kept a smile,
and it's the night of the bad day with the body,
terrible night.
You know, as nobody has said,
Big Mac or the Wopper,
ran those very famous signature burrito
while made those joints the crap that they are today.
Isn't that amazing?
Not really.
Speaking of that special sauce,
345 votes,
what's the best food item sold at fast food joints?
The milkshake at Stake and Shake,
62, I prefer the chocolate myself,
nice and thick and creamy and rich and just,
oh man.
Fries and McDonald's, 60,
right on the answer to the shake.
Chicken sandwich at Wendy's,
it's quite a drop down there to 35.
The extra spicy, I guess, is the good one, huh?
Yeah, yeah.
I'll take your word, yeah.
I'm just not into 60.
I hear that chicken ton of guy.
It's very boring.
It's just not there, not those.
No, no, it's great.
Savory.
Probably not good for your roids,
either if it's really extra spicy.
The probably got paprika on it.
I would imagine.
Is it got paprika?
I don't know, that probably.
I bet you it does.
I don't know if it got paprika.
Just remember, pepper and paprika are the only two things
that go into your body and come out exactly the same way.
They don't dissolve, they don't change,
they come out the same way and across the other side.
That's the only one place they can come out.
I swallowing to Penny once.
Cheeseburger and Wendy's.
Did it taste like a penny?
On the way down there.
Wendy's 32.
Look at this, the Bariga Supreme Otacobel is God.
That's third man.
All right, a lot of people would excellent taste out there.
Substance from Quiznos 27.
Charburger and Charod 19.
The Mini Berbers of Crystal 13.
Give me a sack to go, baby.
Just load it up.
The Demokashek at Arby's 13.
The Big and Egg and Cheese Viscat and McDonald's.
11.
The Fry's at Checkers 11.
Chilli and Wendy's 8.
I don't, I'm about to write a middle lunch.
I don't want to say what the Chilli looks like.
Looks like a chili.
Yeah.
Popeyes Viscat 7.
The Croce Amherstian Burger King.
Now, I notice we got an apostrophe.
Now we can change it away with Sponent.
Apparently Eric looked it up and got the right proper spelling right up there.
Nice golden Eric.
Eric's on top of that.
In fact, he's probably eating a few right now.
He's probably got a whole sack full of Croce Amherstian.
We just from Burger King four.
Those are good.
I must confess.
In fact, if they would just serve those all day long instead of those crappy, rubberized burgers they got.
And those nasty, nasty substitute make believe onion rings.
Those crisps of deep fried crack with no onion in them.
Four for the Croce Amherstian.
Which the Slaw of KFC has got four.
It must, you want to go run next door.
Got a very sarner going next door and get you some.
I don't see probably have to check on people with kosher first.
It's not.
The grilled sub at Blimpy Four.
The Italian sausage in Charlottes only got three.
You folks, you know, I always hear Joe Rose who used to be on our station and we love Joe.
He started on 790 AM on September 1.
9 to 11 AM.
But as much as he loves those,
didn't they ever bring those when he used to bring the turhut food and they ever bring in the Italian sausages?
No, no, just the burgers.
Well, see, that's because you got too many glam working there when he was on.
Man, get that Italian sausage with cheese on it.
Oh, man, that's there.
That's by far their best good stuff.
The B.K. broiler at Booger King has got a pair and the banana shake of checkers don't have any effort.
I'm sure it will.
Although, we'll see.
Somebody Q.A. Hello.
Somebody Q.A. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this near Roger show?
Yes, it is speaking.
Is it Neil?
Yes, it is.
Really?
No, I'm just making it up.
I'm just finding it.
It doesn't sound like you.
No, okay.
What can I do for you, sir?
I just, in regards to selection, there's an article in today's paper about a father in Fort Lauderdale.
The sun guy killed in the red.
I just got through reading that story half an hour ago.
Get with it, pal.
Okay, get with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, and it was in Hollywood, by the way, too.
But, you know, people get things a little bit confused.
And the Saint Neil, anyway.
Right, and then posthit.
The B.K.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know the B.K. is foul killer.
That's what it is.
Is that what it is?
Boul killer.
Okay, thanks.
All the food at Burger King is a foul killer.
It's a Kisky killer.
It's the, in fact, it's not the B.K.
It's the K.K.
It's the old Kisky killer.
If you have twisted Kisies, man, you head for Burger King immediately and twist your
terrier guts out.
How can they still be in business?
That's what I'd like to know.
I told you that thing about the Trane, the train station where they have so many really
good restaurants.
I don't know if they're great, not gourmet, but you know, a lot of good stuff, all that
great bratwurst in German sausages and stuff.
And there used to be one of the places.
It was a market where they had to counter where they would have their own bratwurst and
stuff.
It was the best.
In the last time in Cologne, I'm looking for it.
I'm thinking, where the hell is this?
And guess what they replaced?
Didn't I tell you this story already?
I don't remember.
They replaced this fine, wonderful, authentic German market with a Burger King.
Oh, my God.
If America continues exporting poison to the world, killing between Macdeath and Burger King
and of course the anxious pizza hut.
What's that pizza hut express?
Yeah, is that the word they said?
I mean, I guess it's the stress when I eat it, pizza hut express.
I'll tell you that right now.
You know, the one where they have the little real quick, maybe they have them around.
How do they have them in the US?
There's a gas station.
Oh, yeah, that's the perfect place for them in the gas stations.
We got that Godfather.
Of course, that's not fast food, but they still in business.
It has to be a good thing.
The ought to be doing pretty good because Rudolph has to make it a comeback now that bushes
it.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
I speak to Neil, please.
Speaking, now, ladies, here's our first lady of the day.
Oh.
You got to put Wendy's chicken nuggets on there.
Oh, I didn't even know Wendy's soul chicken nuggets.
Yeah, they're only a buck.
How can you beat Wendy's chicken nuggets for a buck?
With a fist probably.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you, happy day.
All right.
Well, there's a lady.
We actually got a lady question.
Notice the tremendous increase in our lady listener since we got stern on you.
No, no, no, no.
Neil Rogers, mornings in my day.
It goes up so close.
I'm round that clock.
You're fine.
She way out.
I'm on it, you on your.
Yeah.
It will click in the middle for a P unit.
Good morning.
Allow me to introduce my new.
Business venture.
Pardon the unit of my surprise.
I don't care what you've done.
Murder, embezzlement.
If you're a cop, the maid of woman walk home making.
If you've got the loot, I'll give the charges the boo.
Even though I'm no longer the president of the United States.
And I possess no real power.
I have found a way to jerry rig the system.
I still look diamond from the sales jewelry store.
How much you got?
About a thousand bucks.
Pardon me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, I am bezel 600 million dollars from my brokerage firm.
Yeah.
How much you got?
$10,000.
Pardon me.
Yeah.
I left off my husband's willy.
No can do, Mama Sita.
Tried your Kobe and Myers.
Pardon the university is not affiliated with any institution of higher learning.
And maybe illegal in most states.
Hey, if you've got the bread, the charges are dead.
Yeah.
Pardon me.
Pardon me.
Pardon me.
Pardon me.
Pardon me.
Speaking of that, President Mary Amascozo today, pardon for Cuban.
For what?
No, this is unbelievable.
This isn't a Sunsend.
Let's just teach me.
Don't ever read something cold from a Sunsend.
I'll read it just the way it says.
Pardon for Cuban demigure deaths.
Hey.
Who had been accused of trying to assassinate Cuban President Fidel Castro?
What does that mean?
I'd never heard that word.
Is that a group?
The EMIGR, the ES, towards.
The island's government earlier said that such a movement automatically several relations
between the two countries, between Panama and Fidel.
Mascozo, who hands over the presidency on Wednesday and next Wednesday to Martin Torrejo's,
pardon Luis Posada, oh, not Posada, not Jorge Posada.
If there's one person needs to be sent to Siberia, it's Tim Macarbor, Jorge Posada.
Every time he says that I want to scream and I don't even watch baseball.
Jorge Posada.
All these dumb, illiterate ex-Jaxman, they make me want to barf.
Anyway, he pardon Luis Posada, parias, gas bar hymenes,
Guillermo Novo, and Pedro Arremoan, who I thought used to pitch for the Washington Senators years ago,
or Pedro Arremos.
According to announcements sent to newest organizations, it was immediately clear when they might be freed.
Mascozo had earlier denied Cuban government claims that she had taken the decision to pardon the foreseils,
expressing anger at the thought of Cuban complaints she would do her countries ambassador from Cuba this week,
or do they Cuban ambassador in Panama City to leave?
Adios, or Viderche, don't let the door hit you in your Cuban ass on a way out.
Cuban officials said that Posada, a former CIA operative, led the plan to kill cash
through the summer meeting in November 2000.
It is repeatedly described him as a terrorist, no Schmidt.
He once escaped from a Venezuelan prison when he was awaiting retrial and charges of helping blow up a civilian Cuban airliner.
Cuba earlier in protested to disseminate your prison sentences imposed on them and saying they were not tough enough.
But Panama and the court ruled there wasn't enough evidence to achieve the amount of attempted murder or on other serious charges such as possession of explosive.
Well, it's a long convoluted story, but I figured with our heavy spick factor in South Florida, somebody a few people might care about it.
But third man, especially since Fidel was involved, probably Miguel came running in.
Oh, do you hear that? You think?
Hmm? But he didn't.
Okay. Let's get some more of these fantastic fast food, the items on here.
Okay, so we can all go pick out this afternoon. Sounds like a winner to me.
No, now how about that place in Florida?
Every time I ask about this, everybody pretend they feign ignorance or maybe they just are ignorant.
That place where they have those Chicago dogs, unsummarizable of our east and Fort Lauderdale.
Okay, I'm the feigning ignorance.
No, we've talked about this a many times over the years.
There's still never been there.
It's the hot dogory or something like that.
It's called the hot diggerie.
The hot diggerie.
The hot diggerie, the dogory.
And man, they got really good dogs because hot dogs is not a big thing in South Florida.
You know, unlike certain places like in New York and like Philly, Cheese, Stakes, sandwiches.
I guess only big and Philly.
I mean, you know, there are places that sell that stuff, which is, I don't know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
They make a long story short.
There's a lot of good food in South Florida.
But boy, there's a lot of bad food too.
There's a lot of crap.
Everybody QAAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing fantastic.
Hey, this is a guy a couple years ago that brought you and George Stake and Shaken to the studio.
Oh yeah, right.
I don't know if you remember me or not, but out in Vegas, out West.
They had this place called In and Out Burger.
In an Out Burger?
I know there's one right there right by the strip right behind the main of the way.
Right.
It's unbelievable.
They have everything's made fresh right there and they have the best hamburgers in the world.
And all of you put out on your list or not.
No, we only put in South Florida places on there.
But I've heard that many, many times.
But it looks like such a cheesy place if I can say that.
It is.
It's a little wrinkly thing place you walk in.
It takes you about 10 minutes.
It's fast food.
I think it's about 10 minutes because they cook everything fresh right there.
They cut their own fries.
If you ever get a chance, check it out.
It's really good.
If I ever went to Vegas again, which I won't put, I'll put it on my list.
All right, thanks.
Thanks, Sally.
Yeah, I'm not going to Vegas anymore.
Why do I need to go there to lose my ass when I can do it right here at a woodbine slots?
And I'm going to tell you something right now.
When anything is on a ballot this fall, and I hope my different Dick Feinberg's listening right now,
but he probably isn't.
He's probably hanging out with Sandy Fisher.
The fact of the matter is that if they don't pass that thing, it is so fantastic that the
facility at woodbine.
On the one side, you go in there's the casino, beautiful casino, 1700 slot machines.
Pretty soon they're going to have the full casino with a table and all the whole deal.
And then you go up the escalator and there's the racetrack, a beautiful plant at woodbine.
I probably should tell that story about losing my ass at the slots yesterday and going upstairs
to get a cheeseburger just before I, it probably should tell that story.
Nobody will believe it.
God, I don't know if we have time.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, you know, these short shows anymore.
It's not a long story.
I just went up there with no intention to betting Wednesday.
There's no harness racing.
They have the third breads at night at woodbine.
And I sat there eating my cheeseburger.
And I'm looking at the monitor.
And for whatever reason, lately, the number six, I see when I watch the racing network,
number six has been one in the third bread races.
Now it's kind of like root for number six when I watch because I really did not bet on those races.
And I sat there when I looked at the board.
And here's the favorite in the races, three to one.
Well, let me just tell you right now for you, non gambling people.
When the favorite in the races, the Lukewarm, three to one, that means there's no heavy favorite.
And it's wide open.
Anybody that's usually a bomb, a long shot wins that race.
So to make a long story short, the six horses, 10 to one, he goes down to eight to one with about two minutes to go.
And then he goes back up to 10 to one.
I thought, while I lucky number six, I'm going to go and punch my gut set on this horse.
I made a pretty good size bet.
The horse wins by three lengths and I made about to, a lot.
How do you like that?
I'll leave you there.
Yeah, about 1,500 bucks.
I didn't read the, I didn't buy the racing form, the program.
I had the idea who the jockey was, the name of the horse and who the hell cares.
After I catch my ticket, that's all I cared about.
That was an amazing, just an amazing thing.
Don't try it again though.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hi, I'm Jacker.
Hey.
Haha.
WQAM, hello.
Nice talking to you too.
WQAM.
About more jangles.
Who Jangles what?
What a moron man.
Why don't you get back on a, get on the raft.
Don't let that raft leave you at George.
Make some space for him.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, you're Peggy.
Yeah, okay, great, thanks.
WQAM, hello.
I'll put that on the list.
Yeah.
I'll look at the magazine, bow jails.
What is it?
I thought heaven on sunrise, right?
That's it.
That's the actual one stock.
Bacon shakes fries.
Eat the heck out of McDonald's fries any day.
Okay, well put it on there for our pali.
We'll put it right on there, get a new phone.
Fry's at steak and shake.
I think we also probably put it on to put the Chicago dog at the hot,
what did he say it was?
Heavenly hot dog.
Heavenly hot dog.
Is that it?
That's it.
Heavenly hot dog?
Hi.
I think so.
That's not what he said.
That couldn't understand what he was saying.
Hot dog heaven.
Hot dog heaven, that's it.
Right across from Italy, can mercury dealership there on sunrise?
You know where that is?
Sure, right.
That's the piecehouse of meat.
Yeah, right.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Old shameless request, Neil.
Please, Neil.
The bridge tender.
Yeah, yeah.
WQM, hello.
Must be time for the circle jerk because all your Julios are now sitting around.
That's how many we had in the last 15 minutes now.
About 30 minutes.
They're sitting around, passing the phone around.
They're passing it around in the instrument too.
Have a good time, boys.
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
What about most of beach eliminate the best wieners?
Yeah, right.
See what I'm saying?
What about this?
Let's give you a ton.
You've got to hurry before lunch.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've all the people in Fort Lauderdale talking to you forget about wieners.
Wieners isn't there anymore.
It's been gone for ages.
That's what on sunrise.
They still have the one down on old US one.
They do?
Yes, sir.
But what's, we're not talking about places.
We're talking about items on the menu.
What would you put on there?
The Chicago, Italian, Dish sandwich or the Italian sausage.
Italian sausage sounds right up my alley.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I didn't, that's right.
Somebody called and told us there because they never think of the name.
There was a changing neighborhood there.
Andrew Zavano and Oakland Park Boulevard, I believe,
is where wieners used to be.
And it's a changing hood.
And they flew to hell out of there.
Italian sausage, it renoes, got it.
It's called just like Janet.
We're like, we got it.
We got it.
I'll give people with these fries, man.
What is the, what is the story with that?
Well, you're not crazy about fries.
I'm wondering if this past is so long, you know,
I realized like the Chicago dog.
It's got the real green relish and it's got onions and all the accoutrements.
I mean, the hot dog is a hot dog.
I'll load their good ones and bad ones.
But it's the accoutrements that make it great.
But generally speaking, any food item that you have to smear with a whole bunch of stuff,
it's not that good.
It's like when you go to Ruth Christian, you have a steak.
If you order the steak sauce at Ruth Christian, they probably,
or at any great steak restaurant, they order a race day, I brought it.
And although Peter Lugas in New York, they probably don't raise their eyebrows
because they got their own Peter's Lugas steakhouse, which is unbelievably great.
But at Ruth Christian, you don't need steak sauce or Worcestershire any of that crap, right?
Right.
You don't need it because the meat is so tender and juicy and fantastic and detalicious.
But when you have to slather stuff on it, we're like french fries.
Do you know anybody that eats fries just plain?
McDonald's fries, sure. All the time.
You eat McDonald's fries plain.
McDonald's fries plain.
No bag plates.
No mayonnaise.
No mayonnaise. No Peter Lugas steak sauce. Nothing.
I'll be damned.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, hi. Richie, cell phone.
Here's Richie on a cell phone. Hello.
Who's this?
Neil.
How about those white castles up in the airfield?
White castles in the airfield?
Yep.
Get out of here. There's no white castles anymore.
Now, the little red caboose?
Oh, little red caboose. Oh, get out of here.
Even John, a little old.
You want to put it on there? The burgers are little red caboose?
No.
I didn't think so.
Beat me to it.
Yeah.
Although, since that brings back memories, bad ones have pity Lenny.
I don't care what mommy says about the meat.
They say sharp and too fine to enjoy.
To be alright, exclusively,
2560.
But heads.
It's a one to two hour.
That's why I feel me.
Tell me by the light.
That's why I feel me.
Now, you're the boy.
He got a seat in his hands.
That's all he wants.
That's a fantastic dress to wear.
He's a beautiful girl.
He's like only a fool.
The one around here is gonna miss you.
That's how you look at him.
Do you proud of?
I love him.
You're the boy.
I love him.
Tell me by the light.
I love him.
Tell me by the light.
Tell me by the light.
Tell me by the light.
Tell me by the light.
Tell me by the light.
I think the audience should know the complaints have been pouring in
from all over town about guilty, not being on the anymore's aim, but believe it.
No.
How many complaints have we had so far?
About who?
Two minutes after one at five, 60 WQM, the mad doggy, coming along into the
saffnon's yomanics.
What a present.
This story here.
If this doesn't, I don't know what it takes.
Do they need to have these people come on here and say, okay, this is all a bunch of
political crap that we made up.
It's all contrived.
It was all geared to Shmir and the Shmir.
Shmir is a queer.
What a present of Bush's top lawyers resigned from his campaign yesterday.
After disclosing they had given legal advice to a veteran's group,
Airing TV ads, challenging John Kerry's Vietnam War service, the guidance
occluded checking ad scripts the group said.
One of Bush's top lawyers checking ad scripts.
But of course they had nothing to do with it.
Of course.
Benjamin Ginsburg, self-hating the evil Jew, who also represented Bush in the
2000 Florida recount that made the Republican president, told Bush in letter
that he felt his legal work for these swiftboath veterans for truth and become
a distraction for the re-election campaign.
Right.
I've decided to resign as the National Council to your campaign to ensure that
the giving of legal advice to decorated military veterans, which was entirely
within the boundaries of the law, doesn't distract from the real issues upon which
even the country should be focusing Ginsburg wrote, and which both candidates ought to be
talking about right now as opposed to who can't espouse macho and who is the greater
military hero, the AWOL president, or the volunteering John Kerry, with all those
medals.
The Kerry campaign portrayed Ginsburg's departure as another sign of ties between the
Bush campaign and the veterans group, which has been airing as accusing Kerry of
exaggerating his record in Vietnam.
The sudden resignation of Bush's top lawyer doesn't end the extensive web of
connections between George Bush and the group prior to smear John Kerry's military
record, said Kerry Edwards campaign manager Mary Beth Teahill.
In fact, it only confirms the extent of those connections.
A senior house Democrat Michigan representative John Dingo sent a letter asking
attorney general John Ascroft to investigate the possible illegal coordination
between the two.
The Bush campaign and veterans group have denied any coordination.
In other words, they lie like crazy.
They lie through their teeth.
They're full of it.
Smear and smear.
That's all they know.
That's their only chance.
Just like the only chance they had to be John McCain to work like a
drum, because the American people are dumb or they're a boxer rocks.
Now, I'm going to get all the stuff in here this year.
Okay?
Is there anything else?
Anything else Batman?
Don't give me started.
I see you're the trouble maker.
No.
I'm like my own business.
I'm glad we got Stern on the air.
It's a great lead in.
And we work a lot less most days.
I'm not too happy.
In fact, quite to the contrary of what Mo...
It's certain other Mo runs have been suggesting.
Not only am I not unhappy about the fact that he runs into whenever he gets done.
I'm already unhappy when it runs short.
And when it show ends at 10 o'clock or before, like it's going to be doing tomorrow and all next week,
because he's on vacation.
Those days, I'm not a happy camper.
Because when someone...
Yeah, it's just not right.
When somebody says you're okay, it can work like three hours, three out of a quarter hours, whatever.
And we'll get you paid the same.
And all of a sudden, they say, well, the next day, you're going to be back to four hours.
Ah, ah, not good.
Not...
Doesn't make for a good state of mind, you know what?
Because four hours is too long anyway.
That's right.
The chief critic of John Terry's military record told President Nixon in 1971 that he had been in Cambodia
in a swift boat during the Vietnam War, a claim at odds with his recent statements that he was not.
I was in Cambodia, sir.
I worked along the border, sir, John E. O'Neill in a conversation that was taped by the former President's Secret Recording System,
to tape the story of the National Archives in Collins Park, Maryland.
In an interview with the Associated Press on Wednesday, O'Neill did not dispute what he said to Nixon,
but insisted he was never actually in Cambodia.
I think I made it very clear that I was on the border, which is exactly where I was for three months.
I was about a hundred yards from Cambodia, O'Neill said, and clarifying the June 1671 conversation with Nixon.
Chad Clinton spoke to him from the Democratic Presidential candidate, said that tape is just the latest,
in a long line of lies and false statements from a group trying to smear John Terry's military service.
Again, they're being proven liars with their own words.
It's time for President Bush to stand up and specifically condemn this smear.
Hold your breath right now, take a deep breath, and I'll let you know when you can let it out.
Brother, speaking of liars, David Cornright's Bush overstated his military record.
Oh no. Almost enough to make me want to play a wall Bush on the next break.
A group of veterans motivated by 30 years...
A third man!
A resentment accused John Kerry of exaggerating his Vietnam wartime service rights day,
and the attack makes the front pages and cable gab fest.
But when a news report showed that George W. Bush had overstated his military experience,
Bush escaped without a scratch.
That's your media for you, man. The media sucks. The American media blows.
David Cornright's, I'm not referring to the Bush's missing time in the Air National Guard,
that episode did receive much attention, although only in the past year,
not when the issue was first raised during the 2000 campaign.
In fact, then Bush was disingenuous about his guard service.
In his campaign autobiography, he wrote that he had completed his pilot training in 1970,
while assigned to an airbase in Houston and continued flying with my unit for the next several years.
Well, how do you fly without your unit? You cut it off?
Well, in his case.
But as the Boston Globe revealed, he stopped flying during his final 18 months of service in 1972 and 1973,
Bush had been grounded after figuring to take a flight exam,
and a one-permission to train with a unit in Alabama where he didn't know flying.
There are no records proving he showed up for duty at all Alabama, but Bush insisted he did.
Putting aside the controversy over Bush's Air National Guard service or dereliction of duty,
there was another instance when Bush clearly did not speak truthfully about his military record.
In 1978, Bush, while running for Congress in West Texas, produced campaign literature
that claimed he had served in the U.S. Air Force.
According to a 1999 AP report, Bush's congressional campaign ran a pull-out ad
and the Lubbock Avalanche Journal that declared he had served in the U.S. Air Force and the Texas Air National Guard,
where he piloted the F-102 aircraft.
Bush lost that congressional race, but 21 years later, the AP questioned him about the ad.
The news outlet had good reason to do so, Bush had never served in the Air Force.
He'd only been in the Air National Guard.
But when AP asked Bush if he had been justified in claiming service in the Air Force,
Bush, then the governor of Texas and the President of Canada, said,
I think so, yes, I was in the Air Force for over 600 days.
Karen Hughes, a spokeswoman, maintained that when Bush attended flight school for the Air National Guard from 68 to 69,
he was considered to be on active duty for the Air Force, and that several times afterward,
he had been placed on alert, which also qualified as active duty for the Air Force.
All tools, he said, Bush had logged 607 days of training in alerts.
As an officer in the Air Force and the Air National Guard, he told the AP,
he was serving on active duty in the Air Force.
But this explanation was wrong.
Says who? The Air Force says the AP reports?
The Air Force says that Air National Guard members are considered
guardsmen on active duty while receiving pilot training.
They are not, however, counted as members of the overall active duty Air Force.
Anyone in the Air National Guard is always considered a guardsman
and not a member of the active duty Air Force, according to the Air Force,
spokeswoman and the Pentagon.
A National Guard member may be called a active duty for pilot training
or another temporary assignment and receive active duty pay at the time,
but they remain guard members.
The AP reports that may be a question of semantics, but today I check
with two spokespersons for the U.S. Air Force and each confirmed that an active duty
member of the Air National Guard is not considered a member of the U.S. Air Force.
If a member of the Air National Guard is in pilot training, says Captain Crispin
Les Perons of the U.S. Air Force Media Relations Office, they would remain on the guard books.
They would be counted as guard, not an active duty Air Force member.
So where was all the hollering about Bush's exaggeration of his military service?
True Bush was hyping his military record way back in 1978, but he repeated
and defended the misrepresentation in 1999 while campaigning for the White House,
and no doubt Kerry's critics would consider any remark Kerry made 26 years ago for a game.
Admiral Roy Hoffman founder of the Swift Go veterans for truth recently said
that his group is not politically motivated.
It would make no difference if John Kerry were a Republican Democrat or an independent,
Swift Go veterans would still be speaking for the truth concerning John Kerry's military service record.
But are any of Kerry's accuses willing to criticize Bush for falsely representing his service?
Kerry, who volunteered to go to Vietnam in one five minutes, has made his Vietnam service
a central element of his campaign for the presidency, so there's nothing improper
about examining his account of his Vietnam days, as long as such scrutiny is done in an honest,
accurate fashion. But Bush overstated his own military record, which involved no combat,
no daring due, no wounds, no enemy fire, for political purposes, when he was caught doing so he stepped to a phony story.
He had no firestorm ensued, while Republican leaders of funders now underwrite a group called Air Force Veterans for Truth
that will demand that Bush withdraw his claim of membership in the Air Force,
don't expect such a shot soon, right? David Korn in the nation.
How do you like that?
Well, I think I'm going to have a deep host certain on two of them speaking of Korn.
Any minute, no. That Korn sure is special, ain't it?
What's the best food item sold at fast food joints?
That's our full question today.
432 votes, and they want to know why we don't have more than that, because we could probably have a lot more items on here.
But you know what's too bad? I got too many fish to fry.
Milk shakes, steak and shakes, 77.
Fries and McDonald's 71, and that interesting the way that's been all day long?
Yeah, that's surprising though.
Your fries and McDonald's have never been able to overtake my shakes and shake and quake.
Just wait.
Burrito Supreme from Taco Bellas moved on up to 40.
We're moving it on up.
Chicken sandwich at Wendy's 38.
Hold the paprika please.
Cheeseburger at Wendy's 35.
Preferably the triple cheese with lots of bacon and onions and lots of really gut-runching stuff,
so you can join Dave Thomas.
That was an amazing, I saw that on biography channel one night, a few weeks ago.
Dave Thomas?
Yeah.
An amazing story.
An even more amazing story with the Ray Crocs story about the McDonald's thing and about that guy he bought out in California.
Anyway, we don't have time for that, but it's pretty interesting.
Cheeseburger at Wendy's 35.
Subs from Quiz Nose, which is excellent 34.
Charburger at Charha 23.
The mini burgers at Crystal Elite team, Chelya Wendy's 17.
Jamalka Shake at Arby's 17.
Fries and Taker's 13.
The bacon egg and the cheese biscuit at McDonald's 12.
Biscuits at Popeyes 8.
All you go, you love them biscuits, man.
They're like a lard.
Croced sandwich at Burger King 6.
That should be much higher.
The Slaw KFC's got five.
Banana Shake at Checkers 4.
It's Hay and Sausage at Charha 4.
Grilled sub at Blimpie 4.
B.K. Brother at Burger King 3.
The hot dog and hot dog heaven 2.
Should see we should have put the um...
Whatever.
The Chicago dog.
The chicken nuggets at Wendy's 1.
It's Hay and Sausage at Reno's and the fries at Staking Shake.
It got the big...
Oh!
So far.
Your name's Neil Rogers.
Listen, I'm 560.
U-A-M.
Are you Drudge Packing?
From a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush
comes up film about the real Michael Moore
and the real reason behind his invasion.
How could he be in store snack aisles?
Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction.
When it comes to dang gangs and funny bones.
Baron Heifth's 7-Eleven.
Exposing the man who is becoming the most hated figure
in the Arab world.
By force his cupcake his flame was formed.
His destiny.
Stand and make of the mortar came in.
And devour everything.
From Washington to the Middle East.
And every place in between that sells slim gems and fondy bars.
You'll find a fat man with a bad beard
and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all.
Here won't stop until it keeps its arm.
Michael Moore is not real.
That honest.
Baron Heifth's 7-Eleven.
Exposing the congressman?
Yeah.
Where we're courting the children of politicians
to work and clean in stores.
When Michael Moore comes in with a handkerchief for 20 years.
Sir, please come back.
And I won't take a second.
Baron Heifth's 7-Eleven.
Now showing 24 hours a day.
Seven days a week.
Remember I said I was going to play this?
Here we go.
I can grab it.
Put that in remember.
Oh, drag.
Back to earth boys.
Where the place you can land so that you can.
A boy, be me a man.
Now you said you.
So debtive duty just fine.
My you be absent in your mind.
George Bush.
Your position to stay.
Cause John Kerry is up to you.
Your fate.
It's those questions.
About the National Guard.
That might leave your rep.
You.
Tation start.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
It doesn't treat Lee's lives.
.
he was bored.
Teacher.
।
Oh, hey.
It would have killed you.
What about you?
You.
It's a
stupidest should I get the pelt.
can't have a day of math used by and they suck to be honest with it yet they can't
and it might be can't complain about their music because they never made any
but anyway
right right
they really blow authorities were considering criminal charges yesterday
against the day of math used ban and one of its tour bus drivers for allegedly
dumping human waste
from bus to the Chicago River dousing a turbo filled with passengers
oh no
they must know that guy in Montana
holy crap oh there he goes again see
the announcement came a day after the state sued the band and driver step on
wall
accusing them of violating state water pollution and public nuisance laws
the lawsuit seeks seventy thousand dollars in civil penalties
Chicago police at surveillance footage from nearby buildings shows a bus
crossing the graded bridge august eight
as the tour boat passed underneath
certainly this is the bus that discharged this fluid
commander Michael chason said
the driver told police he crossed the bridge around the time of the incident
but didn't admit dumping the waste
what a waste
more than a hundred people on the architecture tour
were showered with follows smelling waste
the attorney general's office had no one was seriously injured i can't stand
anybody with a false smelling waste
the band was waiting to see the video surveillance footage and other evidence
before making a judgment day math used bans spokesman
john for a lot of the city yesterday
police were working with the attorney general's office that determine
any charges of the befriended
how are the learned executive director of the chicago based
environmental law and policy centers that criminal charges include
violations of public nuisance laws and ordinance to protect public and health
safety
that great
they were dumping way now doesn't say whether it was like intentional or whether
he's just that i had to dump it somewhere or
like they were like playing a funny read that they were just
dumping it somewhere you know that luck i'm just guessing bad luck that
tiny things to be that they got really good luck to over the town today god
of course the show it's not just the old parts you can put anything over on
this country look for the qm band today we're going to try to pull it over on you
folks look for the qm band probably Miguel will be there
better late to never make it we find to get this promo in here almost at the
end of the show from five to seven at the public said one forty three seventy
five mere mark parkway stop by to spin the wheel for prizes and registered
to repair a dolphin titan tickets at the president he did it was by speaking
of spinning the wheel i'm so glad that we got this promo because it reminded me
uh... friend of mine was telling me that they remember we discussed in the
slots at them
the hard rock casino in the Hollywood there
yeah the dice to
is that how i would or dania that's how they would i guess
not really sure way out of
what yeah it's all you would the rest
anyway
uh... come to fight out that that they're not exactly what has been
represented was not either one of the near
no
now
okay
now i've been represented that these are the they're not like with the spinning
wheels you know like uh... who did that song
uh...
they've been clinton thomas and there was a good
uh...
very good
let's win tears
uh... they have the spinning wheels reels what they have is like uh... like a
tv screen yes and it's got like uh... kind of animated the not not even
like those animated digital video games if they have a casino
for like i don't know how to describe it and on top of all of this
there's like a like bingo balls
you have your balls on top
right
drasken be
well that's that's what has been explained to me and i guess after you uh...
hit your spin on the thing
on the tv screen then what you win or don't win is determined by the spin of
your balls
so i don't i mean something to explain it to me but i i just don't get that
it is a very sad to me the good thing is they do have the new technology with
the slips of the commas opposed to
handling all the freaking coins at that point they may have to keep running to
the
uh...
the more you like that because like money coming at you
oh god oh you know that people i cannot stand up
courses all kinds of superstitions in casino
it really there's one
the
with his elbow
i'm sorry that i think it goes on
now some of the people believe that the machine knows whether you're feeding it
uh... coins or if you put the credits in you know that's right so whether it
was of course is totally ludicrous the machine isn't sitting there thinking
no no computers and but it's not thinking but nevertheless does it go to the
machine so a lot of these people have put in their hundred dollars in the
middle they'll hit the change out thing and so all the coins come plop in
and when you've been sitting there for about five hours you can barely see
straight and you're losing your ass or whatever
it's one of the most annoying things that put up with these people
plop plop plop you're right they did
look at the one-up in the coin like a feel of it like to feel that hard
middle in their hand
or something
so maybe something to explain to us what kind of crap pony uh...
slot machines they got up there at the hard rock just like that's what we
need to ask that uh... to that the slot thing for the uh... permautuals desperately
in November
what
like the people that pull the lever even though you don't have to in Vegas you
know you just press the button but they like it all the way
what i've been looking at people that pull the lever
all right people that crank it like that and the whole what pisses me off about
that is that the whole row machines i always play a real fortunate that's
my game you know
and the whole roach machines is shaking
and you're thinking to yourself quick doing that because you're screwing
a while with my uh... thing there you know you're going to be in a good way
with the lay of the land and the whole it's just so freaking annoying
and then we got the old indian guy he likes to hold and pull it and he thinks
you know and then he puts his hand over the the glass you know
oh my god and he's a nice guy but i always joke with him hey i'm not in the
hocus focus okay he just uh... think he's a little hungry
of course he also has vixpreth
oh what are you that's coming with that so that's how it's uh... alcoholics is that
what that is yeah
what does that mean they suck on conf drops and drink lots of diet soda
it's inflammation no no no no this is not the conference this is
vixpreth he's got like uh... uh... uh...
alcoholics really i think so
john em always know like vix
and what about the harry penis you told me that's what i
hahaha
twenty seven past one a q a m
you're seeing a meal lunch
let's go to the class
q a and i
hey you
i've been you
god don't think i'm gonna get you
he won't take us to anyone
only good
she said no he's
so i think it's not that i know
and she's your body
because i can do
uh...
and so now where do you have the rapture
uh...
each
uh...
because
On Full awed cables, baby baby...
That thinks life're a Jews
And neither should they Inst Idiot
Him not fair said tough when We have a Rapt yen
With all petitions, beautiful twector
I have so much.
26 till 2 and that day, my or death, whatever that thing was in that story about the Cubans
in Panama.
Yeah.
Eric emailed me that the definition is like absent, like exiliose, like the exiled.
Never heard of it.
In Panama.
What you did now, the damn best, this one here, this one here, this one here.
I don't know what it is.
So that's all about it.
A former personnel assistant to Chicago doctor William Kennedy Smith filed a lawsuit yesterday
accusing the nephew of late John Kennedy of sexually assaulting her inside his north side
home in 1999.
Poor William Kennedy Smith.
Take it a break.
The Sioux filed in Cook County Circuit Court yesterday after noon named Smith as the
defendant seeks an excess of 50 grand.
The plaintiffs attorney Kevin O'Reilly could not be reached for comment.
In December of 91 Smith was acquitted of rape and battery charges following a televised
trial on West Palm Beach, which we all know well, all too well, right?
Right.
Wasn't free, Bailey, the attorney.
I think he was the other somewhere.
We got some of them.
He was good bits out of it though.
Did we really?
Probably some that we can't play anymore.
We got anything we can play.
Who knows?
We got, what does that thing call?
The Paul and Paul Cable.
No, the one.
Bill and Ted something or other.
You know what it is?
I don't think there's anything in it.
Oh yeah, but I like to say Poon Tang.
There's nothing wrong with it.
I don't even know what that is.
Exactly.
There's no other.
I think they're saying Poon Tang.
Yes.
The Rocks Palm Beach in the world.
Uncle Ted did.
They're on some bosser shorts.
Let's cruise a bark and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Our money.
Woman.
And Poon Tang.
Uncle Ted did.
Let's use our end to this last name to impressy babes
and do the wall thing at the cons of.
No way, Bill.
Just wait, Ted.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like to swim naked.
Well, you're going to be smitten.
Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-foot adventure
are due to the next genitalia.
Excellent.
Coming soon to a due to the EU.
We're going to be back for excellence.
Well, we didn't mention it.
Rich Sances is going to CNN.
Oh, gee.
How did we forget that?
Yeah.
Rich Sances is going to CNN.
Anybody care?
And that guy he hit is still dead.
That's number one.
Number two, we got to find out about those slots
of the casino at the Hard Rock in Hollywood.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Maybe somebody who understands what real slot machines
are like in Vegas and Atlanta City and they're like real casinos.
As opposed to whatever kind of crap
that they're trying to put over in the public there.
We'll find out.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Hey, you know the difference between a date with a Kennedy
and a great W.A.M. Hello.
I'm a big.
Okay, I'm working on it someday.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
This is Ellie Brecker from the Harold Kelly Brecker.
Why do you sound so sad, Ellie?
Jesus Christ, what do you want?
It's you.
How are you?
I'm okay.
What do you call in line for?
Because it's the only way to get you.
Oh, that's what we are.
Well, I'm calling because I'm writing about Randy.
And I'm writing about Randy.
Why all the japs, all the Yenthus have to stick together?
Is that it?
Yes.
Well, you know, I haven't seen her in quite a while
and now that she's made it big in the Apple.
But she couldn't have done it without you.
Yeah.
So have you listened to her?
No, I have not.
Why not?
Well, first of all, I'm in Toronto,
so I couldn't hear if I wanted to.
And secondly, she's on the air under her tape
at the same time that I'm on.
Well, then.
And thirdly, I have heard her when she was on J&O
and what she's doing is of no interest to me,
but don't quote me on that.
No, I mean, just it's nothing personal.
What do I want to hear that for?
Why don't listen to the radio?
Well, I thought you had satellite XM
and probably spend every waking minute of your life on it.
Right.
First of all, I don't have a car here.
So if I have satellite XM,
must be sitting on my patio out here
because I don't have such a thing.
I don't have a car here.
It's a real city.
You don't need a car.
Well, she's doing quite well
and will probably warm your heart.
That David Rouse has nothing but good things to say about her.
We know that actually quite frankly,
does just the opposite.
David Rouse had bad things to say.
I feel better for her because he's a backstabbing
weasel piece of crap is what he is.
And you can quote me on that.
He is a, he and Pete Bordger
are the biggest two assassins in the history of broadcast.
Now, I'm trying to get some information
on the Hollywood, the Hard Rock Casino.
You don't go there.
You're too cheap to go, Gamble.
You're right.
Okay.
What do you want to know about what?
About the Hard Rock Casino.
I want to know about the slots about what,
what kind of, what those machines are really all about.
They're not real slot machines.
They're, they're airsots like everything else in that time.
Well, I have a friend who goes there obsessively
and plays the slot and he said they were hard to figure out it.
Yeah.
But, you know, he usually breaks about even.
I hear they only have one record that they play in the background
constantly.
24 hours a day, Conway, Twitty.
It's only make believe is what they play.
Listen, say hi to the goddess, Ellie.
I certainly will.
How you doing?
You doing okay?
Yeah, I'm hanging in.
Not good.
That's all we can all do.
Yeah, I'm, you know, I expect you a,
a note after your mom died.
I don't know if you ever got it.
The adjords mentioned to me.
Thank you.
Alrighty.
Thank you, Ellie.
Have fun in Toronto.
See you.
Say hi to the watcher name.
Okay, see you.
Bye.
Wow.
So, uh, now, do you understand what they're all about?
I've been LA's players with us.
No.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
There's a recording.
I'm on fire.
I'm on fire.
I'm on fire.
I get in and hold it.
They look like a good spot, Car.
You should have skied board.
I've put down this here.
Portable tap board.
Yes, Mr. Chris.
Carol, there's a hand sticking out of ground here.
Just welcome him, did sir.
Okay.
Ready?
Yes.
One.
Two.
Uh-huh.
That's three, Mr. Chris.
Oh.
Great.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, what are you doing?
Ow.
No one's allowed our ground zero.
Now feed it.
He has ever rewrites a dance on these graves.
Extra-ass.
We're having us a convention here, you know.
Now watch it.
I'm going to tip any bearish for smarter.
I've got you to go.
The fine sir.
Anywhere you like.
Car.
Yes sir.
You helped me out here.
I put my pants on backwards, you can't.
145.
Now how many guesses do I get?
Who's on the bat line?
Three.
Joe Castella.
Nope.
Jeff Cohen.
Jeff Cohen.
Who is that?
Dick Feinberg.
Oh, here's my great close personal friend, Dick Feinberg, who is the Francis O'Hara's
School of Racing.
How you doing, Dick?
I'm okay.
When he coming down to visit.
This week.
Uh-uh.
Thanks for the warning.
Next week.
I hear you, uh, Lil Bertie told me you've been talking about slot machines in the amendment
for today.
Right.
I just mentioned it briefly.
You don't think I got any response to that, do you?
Well, that's why I'm calling.
I'm going to keep the stock the fires here.
No, I, you weren't listening.
So I got to tell you, I, at the risk of boring the audience, I got to tell you an amazing story.
I was at the slots of Woodbuy, which I've been spending a lot of time there losing my ass,
but having a great time last few weeks.
And, uh, I was there last night not doing really well.
And I went upstairs because it's such a beautiful plant.
The casino's got 17,000 machines and it's just spotless.
It's great.
It is, it's wonderful.
And I get on the escalator and I went upstairs just to get a sandwich, not to bet, because
once I had this thoroughbred and I'm not really that much interested anymore in those.
And I'm seeing there eating my cheeseburger and I'm watching the monitor in five minutes to post
time.
And here's a horse to make a long story short.
Just picked a number.
I watched the odds.
14 to one shot.
I made a very nice bet on a much larger than I usually would.
And a horse one by three lengths.
$31 horse.
Hey.
Better be good.
I just mentioned that in passing, but it's a beautiful facility.
And what I was saying before is that anybody who would vote against slots, I mean, it's such a great thing.
I mean, you go in there, you can play a little bit of the slots, you go up, box the racing.
Uh, it's, it's just great.
And of course it makes for great racing.
The person is our fantastic.
I don't have to tell you about that.
No, it's, uh, yeah, that's the envy of, uh, of everybody in the hardest industry,
what they've done in, uh, in the province of Ontario.
Oh, yeah.
All the little, all the little tracks plus the big ones like woodbine or just, uh, their showplaces.
No, sir, and even the little tracks have got the slots and they got the beautiful, like you said, they're all beautiful.
Yeah, it's, uh, it seems like a no-brainer.
I mean, um, all the machines are here.
They're around us.
They're untaxed.
They're unregulated.
They're unlicensed.
Uh, we should be getting some money, uh, to, uh, you know, help our schools, help our kids.
Hey, man.
Well, I'm gonna, uh, I'm gonna do what I can.
I'm gonna go out and wrestle up some votes.
Well, that's good.
Uh, other, uh, other voting for Kerry, they can vote for, uh, slots.
And, um, and don't forget we're, uh, we're racing Fridays and Saturdays now.
So don't show up there in the week and be disappointed.
No, Simon Casting?
Oh, yeah.
We'll Simon Casting.
Simon Casting, the, uh, uh, the other five, the other five days and nights.
And poker on Friday and Saturday too.
There you go.
Nice free spot for Poppato Park from Dick Fiber, if I can stick.
Well, I had to listen to the whole break, so I figured out it was a title of 30 seconds.
I'll see you next week.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
Dick Fiber, good Poppato Park.
We're a great guy and they're doing a nice job there.
But if we get to Slotman, it'll be fantastic.
Did I answer my question?
Nope.
No.
We'll get an answer.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hi, is this George?
No.
What's Neil?
Oh, how are you?
Um, I wanted to talk to you about, first of all, the hard rock hotel.
Great.
And also about slot machine-deterra mutual, specifically greyhound tracks.
Mm-hmm.
Um, I went to the hard rock and the spot was right there.
And the hard rock machines are not like what they have in Vegas.
They don't have video poker.
They only have these weird games that the odds are really not regulated very well, I don't think.
But the place is packed and it's a beautiful hotel.
Um, until they get real stuff like video poker, roulette, and things like that, it's not going to be really a real casino.
Well, how do the machines work?
I mean, people have tried to describe to me about these bingo balls.
They have on top of the machine and after you make the pull, I don't understand it at all.
It's supposedly they say that, I don't know how you can first of all, I don't know how it works.
But it's supposed to be a game of luck versus skill.
And if it's skill, it's not legal.
If it's luck, it's legal.
So that's why they make it more like bingo than a regular slot machine.
Don't ask.
I will give you a minute.
Well, wait a minute.
Tell me that a regular slot machine is again with skill.
After you're able to know how that works.
Yeah.
Well, that's what that's what they do.
That's what I was thinking.
I think it's easy to use it.
I think.
But what I'm really calling about was about the vote towards putting slot machines as per mutuals
and the biggest problem, or that is the most against, let's see how am I saying this.
The door tracks, which are failing, they want to put slot machines there to boost attendance.
And in fact, we really want the Greyhound tracks to go out of business because of the cruelty to the animal.
That's a separate issue.
But I mean, that's a big issue.
No, that's a big issue at all.
And you're one of those animal huggers, and that's fine.
I love dogs, too, but I understand what you're talking about.
But, boy, leave it to our crowd, man.
Leave it to us like the petta people.
It's the same thing, you know.
God is that for us, my ass.
Always some cock-a-mami reason.
So, in other words, let's sacrifice the horse.
And I'm saying if I were to mention the horses, she'd probably talk about the cruelty the horses, too, you know.
I'm totally the everybody.
God, all freaking muddy.
Like I said, if maybe I might not be coming back so soon.
You were listening to the whole Roger States collusion lady on bikes.
A whole lot.
Every town at 560 WQA.
Everybody, a separate body, all the time.
Absolutely.
That's so well-known in Florida.
If it didn't work out.
I'm saying, don't want to leave.
You'll find there at a few flight hours.
When I'm a shadow, they threaten us like you to the fall.
Then, to the grin-lock of Roger Howard.
I though when does someone call you mad at me?
Oh my God.
Everybody, hey, everybody, all the time.
So how does that feel?
It needs me to sign off a hair.
Something that's free is walking from public old T.
Oh, nothing personal or dick.
Anyway, that woman, man.
What a way to end the show today, huh?
That's the top Florida FM way, man.
Anything, any reason to be negative about something.
If you want the dog tracks to close down because you think that they're screwed at the Greyhound,
then work out that as a separate issue.
But don't penalize everybody else, okay?
Jesus, God.
Who's out of the hotline?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
What are you doing on the air, Rich?
Well, I think I may be able to help you with that slot machine.
Oh, okay. I got about a minute.
I got it.
No, you're not in much time.
Basically, I think it's a two-tier system with the,
it's a game called the Wheel of Fortune.
Yeah.
And you play it like a regular slot machine.
But if you're able to hit like three spins, you know, it comes up spin, spin, spin.
You go into a phase two, which above the game is a big wheel that spins.
That tells you how much additional money you're going to win.
So, which could be up to a thousand times you're bad.
So you better quarter, you can win a thousand quarters.
Or if you had better dollar, you can win a thousand dollars.
So at that point, if for the first time you know you're going to win money,
it's a psychological thing.
Now you're anticipating how much am I going to win?
And that's how that, that's how that, that's how the Wheel of Fortune game like they haven't been able to win.
No, no, no, nothing, nothing.
How did you like my, how did you like my horse story last night?
I heard that. That's good.
For me, I made a very sizable bet, which I'll tell you when I see in a few days.
I'm sure you did.
Yes, I did.
Let's not get too excited because you know coming to Pomoro, we can't anticipate that.
I'll be back to my smaller bets, Pomoro.
You better believe it.
I'll follow what you're seeing.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there's Pat Rich with his insight and outside.
I still don't understand it.
535 votes on a pool.
He didn't get to the thing about minor league baseball employee, Fired After Cracken,
Gage Oaks during ballgame, Audi Audi, Adelante City, and Olympic Chiefs as Bush to pull election.
I didn't get to those.
Well, I had more.
I had anything else.
Well, you have lots of time.
You have to.
No, we don't take extra time.
We just do our thing.
You know, 535 votes on a pool.
What's the best food item sold at Fast Food joints?
Milk shake, it's steak and shake.
93.
I'm so proud.
The Fry's McDonald's 86.
Fry's a for a goyam.
Maria Supreme of Taco Bell 47.
She's burger at Wendy's triple, please.
44.
The chicken sandwich at Wendy's 42.
And Sums from Quizlings, a Quiz No is 40.
Charburger from Charger 32.
Jermoco shake at RB's 25.
Don't forget this weekend.
I will.
I'll cross me when I tell you.
All right.
Campy with a stick.
Bye, bye, bye.
