Hey, Gell, they quit lying about Joe Rose, okay?
He's not suspended, you lie little squirrel.
Quit making up stories, you idiot.
You backstabber.
You little, squeaky voice clown you.
How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud of
the domes saying torture, privilege.
As prosecute of for the bright, you're like a Nazi from the O Third Reich.
A plentiful penis to find anything like women who I can in between.
What's your problem, can he stop?
Don't you think you got too far?
Everybody thinks you are like Joseph McCarthy.
Are you sure?
If you know that Joe McCarthy was gay, you're kind of like he can except he never bathed.
He kept right home, lost by his side until he got fired with broken died.
What's your problem, can he stop?
You've turned into bad Edward Burrow's gun.
He would wanna take you on like Joseph McCarthy.
Creep, creep, creep, creep, boy.
Creep, creep, creep, creep, boy.
You know how he's saying creep, boy.
David Robert Creeper was in at the Kenny Star thing, I guarantee you that he was probably
checking out Clintons penis.
I got an interesting piece on Clintons penis by the way, which we'll get to.
It's no Rasputin.
Well, but then who is?
1002 at 560 WQM, the home of every kind of BS, every kind of story, every kind of ball
face line.
We fight them.
They lie at the top, why the hell shouldn't they lie all the way down?
Gildy, you're nothing but a backstab and little lion twerker.
Okay.
See this is a long history the morning after 10 a.m. from 10 a.m. on QAM is just, you know,
oh, we're fine.
We're kicking ass.
We're doing just great.
Before 10 a.m.
As a matter of fact, we could say after 8 a.m. would be doing fine.
If weren't for the fact that Greg Reed is an overgrown child and he won't sit down with
Joe Rose and he keeps playing Canton Mouse and lying through his teeth, which is his number
one specialty.
And if he'd sit down with a guy and like sign him to the deal, he promised him and pay him
to money, he promised him everything would be just fine.
Oh, where'd he do it?
What it would be.
But no.
And so as a result, you're, I guess, is I don't know what the real deal is because there's
all these stories out there.
You know, Mark tells you one thing and then Clarence had a good idea this morning.
He said, Gildi is so good.
He ought to do a walkoff show is what he ought to say a couple of words and then just give
one or two of those and just walk off maybe with his eyes.
Walk off, Gildi.
Okay.
You're the problem now.
Little did we know that mode turned out to be a pretty, uh, not a good guy.
I mean, he is after all a cancer, but nevertheless, uh, benign is compared to like Gildi.
He's like a benign tumor.
As compared to that festering, winding little twerp.
Two batter ain't going to be no hockey season this fall, Gildi.
Fourteen hundred ninety votes on our poll yesterday.
What famous female living reddit is most overweighted as to looks and do we have our thumb
right on her answer?
Well, Sarah Jessica Parker was we I always call her because for some reason I can't
to say it right.
Sarah Jessica Parker just sounds better.
Don't look any better though.
She had 364.
She is a beast.
Oh, never see her in the beast together.
Same person.
Paris Hilton 232.
And I'll say it again.
And you guys out there.
So desperate to see the Paris Hilton sex tape.
Man, you guys must be whatever the step is beyond desperate.
That's what you are.
Four hundred yards beyond desperate.
Paris Hilton had a strong second pass in Madonna like she was laying out flat.
Madonna 211.
Nasty, skanky bitch.
She will your Roberts 160.
I don't know what that's all about.
I mean, she's overrated, but I'm.
That's great.
She's not that great.
But she's a good actress.
Sometimes.
Fine actress.
And you still haven't seen Aaron.
What's her bitch?
Brock of it.
Yes, I did.
Oh, you did.
I saw it during.
I don't know.
During vacation or just before I did see Aaron Brock of it.
I never mentioned it.
Well, I never mentioned it because maybe I went on vacation.
Who knows?
I did see a child's play.
Is that the name?
Yeah, right.
Last night.
I saw most of it and then I had to go to bed.
It was unlike till midnight.
I'm too old to be stayed up till midnight and you have to get up seven o'clock in the
morning.
But Chris Sarandon was in there and George and I discovered that we both have the same
opinion about Chris Sarandon beside the fact he's a fact.
And that is a, looks just like Eric.
What?
What?
Oh, nothing.
I told myself a joke I never heard before.
Oh, seriously, he looks just like Eric Roberts.
Yeah.
He's got a Julia Roberts.
Same person.
And nobody likes Eric Roberts.
Even Julia probably don't like him.
Yeah.
Julia 160.
Pan Anderson 88.
Now, once upon a time back in the day about a hundred years ago, it looked pretty dang good.
When she had like real boobies.
Renee Zillweger 68.
Merrill Street 64.
Maria Schreiver.
The note in bitch 58.
The first lady of California 58.
Cameron Diaz 57.
Nicole Kidman 49.
Much to do about nothing at bitch.
Glenn Close 38.
She wasn't even close.
Good actress though.
Halle Berry 32.
You don't think she's a good actress?
She's a fine actress.
Halle Berry 32.
There's no justice.
Merrill and Monroe 31.
Sandra Bullock 29.
Amber Smith finally got five.
She was behind the video curtain in the bitch yesterday.
And I don't care what any of you say.
Head roll or not.
She was okay.
Just okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Why you thought she was.
She's great.
She's really super hot.
She's smoking.
No, that's not.
She's hot air.
Nancy Grace IV.
That nice pony Southern draw her on court TV.
Nancy Grace.
Oh, she was makes my skin.
Boy.
And by the way, I do have a boil.
It's healing up just fine.
I don't have any cyst.
I'm not going to go have a cut out.
And I'll do amateur doctors out there.
Bugga.
I just thought I would tell a story to butt my piercing my boil because of a gross and disgusting.
That's why.
You can't say anything else on the year.
So might as well do that.
We can talk about puss and blood.
You notice.
Here we go.
I hope you're going to wait.
Yeah.
They're all lined up.
Now the last two weeks it was Reagan.
Reagan Reagan Reagan because he finally croaked.
And now this week and next week it's all Pinto and Pinto and even our poll is Pinto.
This week.
In fact, I'll give you the poll right now because it's not one that we're going to build.
Oh, building is boring.
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
Well, why not?
I mean, that's all everybody's talking about right now.
I didn't know that Reagan or Clinton were running for president quite frankly.
I think in his present state, Reagan might be a big improvement over what we got now.
And I know that Clinton already was.
But anyway, here's three six, seven choices.
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
He's the greatest.
He was much better than W.
His ego is out of control.
He's trying to upstage Kerry.
He has a nifty penis.
He was weak or he was an embarrassment.
Okay.
Oh, and our behind-the-beated curtain today is Lissette Anthony.
Although Eric in the beginning had Anthony Lissette and I looked at him and I thought,
that ain't no Anthony.
I know a little Anthony.
She ate so little.
Lissette Anthony is on our be the curtain.
I'll give you her whole inside poop in a moment.
Oh, before that.
Britney's puppy love nightmare.
Poor little Britney.
She's got another nightmare every day.
It's seen.
Of course, if you saw her just picture that he put up a week ago yesterday,
that looked like a nightmare.
What happened to poor Britney?
It's one thing to be a little bit out of shape.
But that, it looked like Britney's head, not a very good one either.
It looked like her head on Rosie O'Donnell's body.
It really, really did.
She looked as porky as a poor Petunia pig.
All she wanted was a cuddle with a new puppy,
but in the complicated world of Britney Spears, nothing is that simple.
Instead, the trouble 22-year-old singer found herself in the center of a major incident
when she called a pet shop to collect the latest member of her entourage.
Spears, who's been cooperating after a serious knee injury,
decided a fluffy white maltease terrier was just the thing to cheer herself up.
There were squeals of delight.
As she and her mother Lynn picked out her new pet near her home in Santa Monica, California.
But as Mrs. Oh, that is Mrs.
Hmm.
But I'm sure her name isn't Mrs. Spears, but that's what it says here.
As Britney drove them away,
a photographer had been waiting outside the shop,
claims she had run over his foot.
Within moments, Britney and her mother were surrounded by an unwanted entourage.
A police lot of entourage is in this story.
Police paramedics and even the fire brigade.
They all wanted to get a peek, I guess, or a feel.
As the circus unfolded around them,
a miserable Britney who had to cancel her world tour last month
because of her knee problem could only sit and wait.
The first police to arrive, see her off the area.
Then more police swirmed in around the shop.
In the end, there were 10 patrol cars at the scene.
Thank God there's no crime out there in LA.
Two ambulances arrived,
Birmingham with paramedics, and the local fire crews turned up.
Even when it became obvious they would not be needed.
They found an excuse to stay for at least half an hour.
Maybe to get it, like I said, a peek, a feel of a squeeze or something.
In the midst of all the pandemonium,
it was left to a single female officer to ask Mrs. Spears what had happened.
Yeah, they keep saying Mrs. Spears in this article here.
Once coped out of the car,
she happily gave her a version of events.
If the presence of somebody officers was meant to reassure her
rather fraught daughter, it didn't work.
Looking tired of the stress Britney started yelling.
Then she soft eventually, she burst into tears.
Finally, after answering the police officer's question,
Mrs. Spears was allowed to go.
One of her daughter's minders took over the driving.
The photographer who claimed to have been hurt was taking a hospital not known whether
any charges will be brought.
But I'm sure that's a good idea, wouldn't you think?
Yeah.
If Britney drove over your foot, would you bring some charges?
Yeah, I would.
I would sue her for something.
Yeah, and then settle for like a quick field.
I settle, yeah.
Anyway, just to give you an idea, since the Clinton thing is just mammoth
and big and huge this week and next week and the book came out at midnight last night,
and people are lined up by the thousands from coast to coast.
Am I going to go out and buy it?
No.
I couldn't give a flying crap less.
How do you like that?
I love Clinton.
I just don't want to read his book.
950 pages of self-reinvising stuff,
which there's nothing I really want to know about Bubba.
I wish he could run again.
I'd vote for him in a heartbeat.
But I'm not interested.
Are you?
No.
I mean, here'll be all Eric King Thursday night.
That's a good reason to miss that show.
I mean, I don't know as if we need one.
But in the book, The Hunting of the President, which the movie is out now,
by Joe Coniston and Gene Lyons on page 318,
and boy, you talk about Chiggers in a Woodpile between this bitch, Laura Ingramham,
and that bitch and culture, and that bitch mismanaged drugs.
So many bitches in so little time.
All of the crap that they made up, and of course, so all fed through the drug report naturally.
You know, if you can't get him out of office, if you can't win the election,
if it's not close enough to be able to steal it,
just to come up with some other bunches of crap to drum him out of office.
That was the whole game plan.
So anybody who doesn't believe that stuff about the right-wing conspiracy is strictly
a right-wing lunatic.
You're totally in denial, like Cleopatra, you're in denial, baby.
Page 318.
Now, this is very short, just a few paragraphs.
Can you handle it?
Good.
With the departure of Gil Davis and Joe Camarada as Council of Records for Paula Jones in September,
prospect for settling her case gradually faded.
For an interim period during the weeks that followed, Bill McMillan took over as her council.
At first, Bob Bennett, who was Clinton's attorney, regarded Susan Carpenter,
McMillan's lawyer, husband, with suspicion,
quickly came to regard him as a savvy guy who might sincerely want to reach a settlement.
Any trust it might have been established between Bennett and McMillan, however,
was lost in October when two other Jones supporters, George Conway and Anne Coulter,
took it upon themselves to leak details of the supposed and distinguishing characteristic of the president's genitals.
Without him relating disclosure, any attempted settlement agreement surely would be scuttled.
Just to be certain Conway sent a confidential email on October 8th to the Drudge Report,
the New York Lawyer refreshed Matt Drudge's memory by identifying himself as a friend of Laura Ingramham,
Conway forwarded the same message to her the following morning.
This exclusive was being provided Conway wrote on the condition that Drudge would conceal its source.
Among other problems, Conway's leak was a clear violation of Judge Wright's gag word,
a covering all attorneys in the Jones litigation.
The distinguishing physical characteristic that Paul Jones says he believes that she saw is that
Clintons penis is curved when its erect, he wrote, if it is correct and Clintons has a
urological condition called peronis disease, it is caused by blockages and blood flow to the penis.
If blood is constricted on one side, the penis curves when its erect.
Jones former lawyers, Kamerad and Davis, attempted to find a urological expert witness before they re-signed for the case.
The idea was that the expert witness a physician would examine Clintons in a turgid state induced by injection,
and then would render an opinion as to whether it's impossible that Clintons had the problem in 1991.
Disgusting or what, Conway had explained over his forwarded message to Ingramham and there he had a point.
It later turned out the president had no history of peronis disease, and then like other shifting allegations by Jones,
this conard failed to survive close examination.
But truth or falsity of the allegation mattered little to Conway and Colter.
Their interest is Colter candidly admitted later to Michael Isacal, was to humiliate the president.
She thought a settlement would be a disaster.
While Conway pushed a peronis theory on drudge, Colter gave it to Richard Johnson of the New York Post-Paid 6 gossip column.
Richard Johnson, I got it.
When Johnson's editors befused to let him print it, the item turned up on the front page of the Washington Times, and on Don I'm a radio show such as it is in it.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
There's just a little example of the kind of crap that was made up and passed from this one to that one to Anne Colter,
and to Laura Engraham to that drudge to the world.
1013 at 560 WQM, if you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop-up windows being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and co-workers,
the easiest way to deal with these bugs is to get you a Macintosh from MacCenter, the Apple specialist in Fort Lauderdale.
The Macintosh is built on an entirely different base than Windows, so all these PC pests just can't hurt the Mac.
The technology experts at MacCenter can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available and putting ones you already are used to like Microsoft Word and Excel.
They'll even take your old computer as a trade-in.
So make the change today by calling the MacCenter at 954-486-5500.
You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPod anywhere else in South Florida because MacCenter is the home of the 5% rebate on every single purchase.
Come in before June 30th.
To register to win the hard-to-find iPod mini, that's at the MacCenter on Commercial Boulevard, call them at 954-486-5500.
Don't forget to mention you heard about it right here on QAM.
My life and love, this is Fort Radio 560, UA2AM.
At my junior, honey.
Alright, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Come on over honey now. Come and take a drive to my big house in Chapat, Kla.
We can both get juxtaposed a little Panama.
My wife is on business. She's up for a week. I might get in a candy store. It's time to achieve. I got pretzels.
Hot dogs, cold beer and pizza. You remember Little Billy, you're leaving Tara pizza.
It's gonna be a wild time not my home in New York.
Guts to meet darling, cheating like a sport. I'm sick, my wife.
It's all good. Come on over honey now. Blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of Monica in my god. A little bit of Monica without my wife.
Now, a little bit of Monica is what I see. When she's far away, that's Hillary.
A little bit of Monica is what I need. A little bit of Monica, memory.
A little bit of Monica, here I am. A little bit of you, I'm a happy man.
Well, that's one of the Clinton bits we can still play. Just barely. I mean, just right up against the edge.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, close.
Huh? But no, Bill cigar. But no cigar.
Oh, and by the way, I forgot to mention.
Arachite, f***ing blow.
And they lost him. It was a lot of errors in loss last night, which I'm sure Josh is probably in the dumper about that.
But Josh Darrow, Clarence sends me a fax and says, here's tonight's schedule.
You am against South Carolina against the Gain Cox at 7 o'clock on AM 790.
Certainly not here on QA because we got the Marlins a real team.
The Braves at the Marlins pregame at 630 Gain 10705 at P.P. Park.
Listen for a possible walkoff homers as Clarence. In fact, I think he had the greatest line of all time.
And Gellie should do that walkoff show. That's a good idea.
Just one last squeak would be good. Walk away.
Anyway, let's say Anthony.
Born September 26, 1963, that makes her old is what it makes her.
Not as old as me, but pretty damn old anyway.
40, which almost 41. Pretty old.
Not by South Florida standards. A lot of her set of spring chicken.
Well, she's made a lot of movies. You know what beneath lock nest 2001 farewell, Laherry.
Depends mode the videos 86 and 98.
Tale of the mummy. Miss Begotten.
Man of her dreams. Trilogy of terror. Robinson Crusoe.
Prince of lies. A fair play. Dead cold. Dracula. Dead loving it.
I wonder if Erica not. A. Chris.
Or Anna was in that. What was that awful movie?
He was the one who played the vampire. One of those kid movies a year.
It'll come today. One of those teenage group on the right.
That was it. Yeah. That was actually kind of a movie.
It's like Queen. Roddy McDowell was in that movie.
She was. She did. By the way, Roddy McDowell. She was a real lady.
Dr. Jacqueline Miz-Miz hide with Polly Bergen and Sean Young.
Whatever happened to Polly Bergen? Is she dead?
Yeah, nice skin.
The hard truth of Brigham Disguise the hour of the pig.
Oh, speaking of that. What a segue.
You see, it's this word relationship when you get to be old and daughtering.
You just have to connect to Dutch. I wanted to say.
Hi, I'm Holly. For our good post personal friend Jeff Hy,
who's just barely hanging on.
I mean, we don't want to sound like we're rejoicing over this because he's never still afraid trying to.
As much as we rip him and ask, he's certainly compared to his colleagues over there in sales.
Heads and big shoulders, big head and big shoulders above some of the rest.
We can rejoice. He's not dead.
He's not. Yeah, we're very happy. You're not dead.
Oh, right.
Back boy, but he's right on the verge.
He was rushed to the hospital and had a pacemaker installed.
And now he's resting uncomfortably at home. Probably sitting there with a radio turned on in the back and just shoveling.
He's not. He's not. He said he was tomorrow. No, come tomorrow.
You sure? No. Dead or alive. They're bringing him home tomorrow.
Well, they needed the two hospital rooms.
They need to those good beds.
They got him in a flat bed.
Look for the QAM van.
They left the word on there, but you're not pulling any wool over my eyes.
Miguel, look for the QM van.
Love it a clock this morning at the Shell gas station on a quarter of 27th and US one in a grove.
Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets while they last to the nice Marlon Braves game.
So in other words, they got a bunch of men out here.
They got to do a stop by and they give you some tickets.
How do you like that? That's on 27th and US one.
The Shell gas station looked for the QM van starting at when 11 o'clock this morning.
I'm sure he'll stay there until all how many tickets he got.
So all five tickets are gone.
So zip on by the fact maybe you want to wait for him right now.
Huh? Okay, because it's free.
Maybe you'll spend like five, six, eight bucks gas to get over there.
But nonetheless, you can tell all your friends you got free tickets for tonight's game and impress everybody.
After considerable financial turmoil, staff bloodletting and station losses executives at Air America
tell the Wall Street Journal that the company is stabilizing and is on track to meet his financial goal.
Well, don't get too carried away.
Radio Inc today says maybe, but the Wall Street Journal yesterday reported that many executives
have not yet been reimbursed for expenses incurred before during an after the launch
of the Liberal Radio Network on March 30.
About 30, man.
In fact, as the journal notes, creditors are lined up at the door and it's off the air in those two big markets still
Los Angeles and Chicago or some illiterate mass holes would say Chicago.
How come I haven't said that before, a mass hole? I guess I did.
Yeah? I just said it again.
I like spas holes better though.
The idea that there are words that I've been saying on the year for 20 years that we can't say right now
should give you a real good idea of the kind of climate that exists in your America.
But why I mean, you know, why should we worry? Right? What's it got to do with?
It's good enough for Alfred Newman. It's good enough for W.
Two of her America's initial problems, lack of clash and a cash and a business plan that lack comprehension of how the...
This is so great. Don't go skating on by this.
A lack of a business plan that lack comprehension of how the radio industry works.
Sounds like QIM.
Just prior to launch date, key executives within the company were crowing that they had raised more than 30 million dollars from investors.
But 30 million.
When in fact only 6 million actually have been collected. But what's 24 million among friends, right?
Right.
So within 6 weeks of the launch, those funds have been spent in the company old credit is more than 2 million.
The second problem arose from an affiliation plan that essentially insisted that stations carry all 24 hours of the network programming,
which few programmers were interested in doing.
MS Radio President Rick Cummings says he's had brief talks with their America, he said that is the MS,
but maintained that he didn't want to dedicate an entire station to which shows his network requested.
They quickly realized there were a lot of things they didn't know and one was how to do radio.
Now you're lacking before I got to the line.
Sorry.
They quickly realized there were a lot of things they didn't know and one was how to do radio Cummings told the journal.
Since the initial debacle, Air America's Investors created a new company, Peacot LLC,
which bought the assets of the old company.
They've also stopped trying to buy stations.
Lee Serratimer and Sister Stations carried their entire slate of programming.
So they're hanging on, I guess is the best of the most generous way to describe it.
They're hanging on, hopefully Randy got some cash.
Hopefully she's getting paid, right?
Maybe we'll get a spy report because we sure aren't going to get any calls on the poll
because we're not building the poll today and that of course is the end of the phone calls, right?
So you know what that means.
Jamba?
Right.
The poll bill is going.
Now all those, all your favorite people.
I think the insurgents will have all summer to consult with you folks and I just,
I'm really jealous.
Except for Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Well let's take a look at the poll and I look at this.
I wouldn't be surprised if by 10 30 by the bottom of the yard.
We have close as many votes as we had on the whole first two hours yesterday.
Well not by 10 by 11 anyway because they just didn't like that thing about the overrated looked actor.
Yeah, because we're all men out here.
You got 98% mega audience out there.
We just don't know what the guys are supposed to look good.
Okay.
We believe it.
Not what's your take on Bill Clinton?
We got 115 votes.
He was might he's a was much better than W 53.
58 just changed again.
We got 124.
Much better than W 58.
He's the greatest 37.
We love him.
That's what that was my, I don't mean greatest of all time, but I mean he's the greatest isn't.
We like him a lot.
He's the greatest.
Right.
He was an embarrassment 14.
14 people who never got laid.
His ego is out of control.
Six.
He was weak for.
He has an empty penis three and he's trying to upstage carry two.
Now there's two ways to look at that.
See because I was sticking also the timing of this whole thing.
Yeah.
But maybe it's not such a bad idea because carry is really scary.
I mean the less we see him between out and election time because the polls.
In fact, I got one coming up a little bit later.
The polls are starting to really improve for carry a lot of areas.
In fact, this morning for the first time is a poll that shows even on fighting terrorism,
which we know the president hasn't been doing anyway.
He's been too busy with his Iraq attack and a lot of innocent people dying.
But even on fighting terrorism, carry now moved to point ahead, which has been pushed strong suit.
He brought it to the same place that Greg gets his.
And I think doing too good.
He doing about as well as Greg is doing these days.
Hey, Greg, get your rose sign a quit dillon around.
This man won't stop messing with success.
He puts your rose in there all by himself eight to ten.
We finally have a lead in a guy that's not going to threaten our license.
That's not going to, you know, just to find big numbers in their eight to ten spectacular.
But he just can't get it done because Greg is an emotional cripple and overgrown child.
So what Geldie or anybody else or Bo Camper tells you that your rose to a suspended guesswife, Liars!
Your a bunch of Liars are already was not suspended.
He has a little contractual dispute with management if they ever get around to a sit in down with them like a real bench.
Which Greg read is not, but just pretend you're a bench, just bench for a day.
Get Jack Bailey, call him up on a phone.
Maybe he can get you to win on that show, bench for a day.
Don't mention it.
Okay.
Hey, the best pizza in town or your money back, that's correct.
You heard right.
The best pizza or your money back.
I bet you I know somebody who's moving to Columbus who wants to take advantage of that.
You know, Jeff, this was really good, but I've had better.
I can just see that.
Jeff Cohen, chef and owner of the pizza lock restaurant, guarantees he'll be thrilled with all the food at the pizza lock.
And he's so sure that you're going to love that pizza three different kinds, by the way, that he guarantees his pizza is the best in town or if you give you your money back.
That's right.
The best pizza in town or your money back.
After twenty-seven years in South Florida, pizza lock's under reputation for quality food, great service, probably on expectations.
Jeff is inviting you to stop by pizza lock today and take him up on his offer for the best pizza in town.
And I guarantee you'll become one of pizza locks regular customers too.
Now they offer you a balance for life zone diet menu items, as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta too.
For those who'd like to stay alive, I'm like a fat boy.
Hey, stay alive, fat boy.
Although, you know, even if he croaks, we've always got just as a, remember,
Hi, Sally.
You always got that, right?
He lives on.
Forever.
There you go, just like we got.
I'm dying over here.
Pizza lock is located in Davie on university drive, just a mile to South of 595, North of Gryffin Road.
Pizza lock is open every day, seven days a week for lunch and dinner, tons of free parking, they deliver to most of South Broward.
So for a fantastic, fresh delicious Italian goodies, the best pizza you've ever had.
Call pizza lock to 9.5.4.916.8880.
9.5.4.916.8880 for the world famous pizza lock in Davie, home of that money back, bottom thief.
9.5.916.8880.
And look all, this is Sports Radio 560.
You will see who we are.
Another audio selection from the Clinton memoirs.
I had a meeting with a cabinet today and spent a little time with Madeline Albright talking over national security.
I got it, Netta was oddly turned on.
Yes, it turns out of all it's wanted to, my grandfather.
The Clinton memoirs, that bookstores this summer.
Ever see Madeline Albright and Bubba's Grand Poverty together?
No, never seen person.
Anyway, now look at that phone man, that is a door nail and that's because all of our audience are lined up at the bookstore.
They probably had Barnes and Noble's and Borders, all the bookstores all over town.
Weed to buy the Clinton memoirs right now, wouldn't you think?
I don't know.
Not.
When's the last time you bought a book?
The Al Franken book.
You actually bought that?
Yeah, I bought it.
I'd be giving you mine, no problem.
In fact, I'd have paid you to take it.
I'm sorry, I'm just becoming less and less of a fan of Al Franken because you just, every time I see him on TV, such a dullard.
His writing is somewhat amusing, they're parts of that book that are, which I read.
Remember the one day the guy stuck me in a reading that one chapter on, what's his name from, Ashawan Hannity?
Man was that boring.
And I apologized to myself, like right in the middle of it in the Schmidt-Candid, right in the middle of the reading.
It was just pathetic.
Crowd's line up for the Clinton book, okay, maybe this audience doesn't care about it, but man, everybody in America, that's where it's at.
Reagan last week and Clinton this week, anybody except Bush and Kerry.
I mean, and then later, of course, being the honest guy that he is, being a total faker, he picks a running mate who happens to be a member of loser,
member the Green Party in California, which is his way of sneaking into, there are 22 states where the Green Party is already on the ballot.
Uh-huh.
So that's his way of getting his name on a ballot in those states, because otherwise he hasn't got a China-Minsense.
By the way, you might be very interested in Arizona, which Bush won in 2000, and released so they claim.
Uh-uh, you can't believe any of the states that he supposedly won, but Arizona, the latest poll shows Bush 44, Kerry 41, and 8 or 2.
Oh, pretty interesting.
Pretty close, if you ask me, since Kerry hasn't even gotten out of death mode yet.
Out of bed.
And they said that he outspent Bush in May.
I forget how many million dollars they said that the Democrats spent in May.
And we did see those two boring spots.
Other than that, was there anything?
No.
I don't know what kind of campaign he's running.
Maybe it's like one of those kind of like sneak up when you least expect it toward the end of it.
Huh?
Settle.
Former President Clinton's way the autobiography from his childhood in Arkansas, it was eight years in the White House went on sale today, amid a wave of publicity,
expected a propel amount of the bestseller list, each your heart out, Al Franken, and Miss Fudge.
The 957-page Tome, my life, sprawls chronologically like a diary, over 55 untitled chapters that are not organized by subject.
The second half of the book covers these two terms as present, a four-page epilogue covers the three-year-since-y-left orifice.
In all, he provides a first-person narrative of his political battles and accomplishments, his opinions on Vice President and his successor, a scathing review of his impeachment and the prosecutor pursued at the Unchist Kenny Star.
I'm going to get your boy.
I'm going to get your boy.
Can he start that one?
I mean, the one that's being indicted?
That one.
And what's this that you did to all staff from Josh Dero?
Oh, geez.
You know, first of all, I'm glad that he sent me this because number one, we're running that phony auction again, which is just another revenue stream for Beasley Broadcasting.
And on this gildy, the shameless shill, you see, gildy is perfect to be doing the Panther Games.
You want to know why?
Well, he's the ultimate shill.
He even makes Rimmer look like an outspoken guy.
That's the kind of shill that the gildy is.
And that's what the Panther Organization loves.
That's why he was on the year talking about the successful season the Panther's ready.
And I want Collar ripped him and asked that day.
And I congratulate that Collar very enthusiastically because you are absolutely correct, sir.
Not even coming close to making a playoff yet again.
Another disaster.
And he's on their time out.
It's a very successful season.
Yeah.
You're just a liquor, man.
Man, he must have a tongue as long as a ant eater.
You think?
How serious.
I'm just going to be disgusted with him.
He just makes me nauseous.
Have you ever called me at home again, whining about mowgilding?
I'm going to just go and kidnap one of your kids.
Give them to give them to a real father.
Anyway, Clarence Deiro sends me this.
Let's see.
Clarence has just been arrested for impersonating a program director.
That's good.
That's cute.
That's what Dupsa says.
He now goes before Chairman Goldberg for bail.
He'll call for bail money.
Every year we do this cornball thing.
But anyway, let me finish that thing about the online auction that we're promoting again.
We won't be promoting it on this show.
It may have a promo or two, which they asked me what I'd be offended by that.
I don't care what kind of spewed him you put on the ear.
What do I care?
Just as long as I'm not required to endorse it.
It's a fake.
It sounds like it's for charity.
And all they're doing is sticking the money in their pocket because these are a bunch of grave robbers.
Okay?
So don't get sucked into that QM online auction unless, of course, you're a sports nerd.
The balls are real.
No, and that's not what I heard.
That's not what SCRUAN told me.
They've been carrying them around the station.
I saw it.
I heard Dup had them.
This year, Hank Goldberg's been named the honorary chairman for David Singer's jail and bailed
the raise money for the American Cancer Society, which I'm not the least bit of a fan of the American Cancer Society,
either when you come right down to it.
They waste millions and millions of dollars and they're not doing squad.
Are you a fan of the American Cancer Society?
I really don't know anything about them.
Well, good.
So I'm not reading this either.
Okay.
And again, I don't want to pee on your parade, but quite frankly, what you guys do for us, for our charity,
for whatever charity we're doing every year, you could put in the symbol to have room for fat boys,
ass, and Hank's left over in there.
So bug off.
Getting back to the Clinton book.
I bet you we got a lot of these people calling right now who already been to their local local books,
they're probably pouring through, huh?
Oh, yeah.
They're probably going to read us selected passages right now.
WQM, hello.
See, there's one.
My favorite.
That was chapter eight.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, sir?
Okay.
Listen, I can I just rip somebody, actually the court system is off Florida.
Now you're chronic, how do I want to talk to you?
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't worry about me.
I got a whole smit load of stuff all piled up here, unlike Rick Riley, who used to lie that he had a whole bunch of stuff,
and never had nothing, which is why that's showing on here anymore.
We love suds, but Rick Man, the truth comes out finally.
Everybody hates you, including us.
Even George is finally ready to admit it today.
Come on, do it.
Don't hate Rick.
They held you down.
I don't.
Now what you told me off the year, 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's take a quick look at that poll.
Oh, don't give those poll results every 10 minutes.
See, I saw that poll you took.
In fact, I voted on your polls every day last week, even though I did not list of the show except the couple minutes Friday when I heard suds was on.
But, and I enjoyed that poll.
Even though it was an audience suggestion and thank God, we had nothing else that day.
That's right.
As a matter of fact, I remember it started out.
I looked to see what your poll question was and every head on there.
Which of these things or what thing?
I don't know.
I'm just like that.
Which told me right away, oh, this man don't have a poll.
It's only Tuesday.
Right.
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
But the thing about the poll, well, I'll talk about the poll.
Whatever the hell I feel like it.
Okay.
If we didn't have the poll on his show every day, we'd be talking to Shamba and Maddie Kohn every day for four hours.
Like it was for about two years there.
I'll build you a party.
They got nothing to say.
I mean, this is South Florida, land of the walking dead.
Maybe that's why Kereal do very well in South Florida because he looks like he fits right in.
Herman Munster, Jr.
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
That's our poll question today.
We got two hundred and three votes already.
See that?
Mm-hmm.
He was much better than W. 101.
Well, that goes without saying.
He's the greatest 63.
We love him.
We love him.
He was an embarrassment 19, 9.3% in embarrassment just because he got a couple of...
About third, man.
Jobs.
In fact, there were a hell of a lot more jobs when he was in office than there are right now.
And we're not talking about these phony jobs that are coming in now that they keep reporting that I think they're making up.
His ego is out of control.
Eight.
That may be a good point.
He has a nifty penis.
Six.
Not according to what we just read about his fake pironi's disease.
Did you know anything about pironi's disease?
No, I think it was just a boil.
He was weak for, and he's trying to upstage carry two out of two hundred and eleven votes.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
Okay.
Now, I was just thinking for yourself for the audience if you want a poll that everybody is going to call in on.
Yeah.
You're going about it all wrong.
You have to do which Miami dolphin will have the biggest muscles this year, and then you'll get all the calls.
Hey, guys.
I'm doing great.
And by the way, is J. Feeler really still on that team, Josh?
Yeah.
You got to be kidding me.
Oh!
And the touchy-feely guy, boy, they're going to...
I wouldn't be surprised if they go about four and twelve this year, the dolphins.
Right in that down there.
Okay.
Wouldn't surprise me.
How are they going to win any air games with that team?
With that team they got.
And then, of course, they got that Jack Martin coach in the Panthers if there was a season.
Jack Martin coaching and Geldy calling the games.
That's definitely a losing combination right there.
And Mike Keenan, who already is a...
I'm here in rumors about the...
He wants to trade Steve and Ysene.
He wants to do this.
He don't like this one.
I have for the life of me just because Jack Martin wanted to back.
Jack Martin.
See, we don't dignify the frogs by doing that at Franchacks.
And we just call him Jack Martin.
Here in Ontario where people speak English or else...
B-B-B.
Or else...
That's right.
We need a...
Jack, what was his name back?
Sharak.
No, not...
We need Jean Krech in back.
That's what we need.
Oh.
They got the election here next Monday.
The biggest bunch of stiffs you ever saw in your...
Paul Martin was that Martin.
He's from Quebec.
He's another one.
And then you've got this right-wing Bush wannabe, Stephen Harper, who's the
conservative Nazi candidate.
And then Jack Layton from the New Democratic Party, the NDP, emphasized the P-Party.
Speaking of that, how's Josh Beckett doing?
Summer is here, but are you still embarrassed to take off your shirt at the pool or where
that nice skirt you saw in the window?
I understand that even Joe Rose is embarrassed to wear that nice skirt.
Come on back tomorrow, Joe.
Put him up in a round, okay?
We can't handle this a good...
Gellie and Bo Show after Mo and O.
Mo and O and Gellie and Bo.
It is a disaster.
What's going on in this station?
Anyway, what are you finally doing to lose weight and feel better about yourself and stay
alive unlike certain fat people out on one of my channel names?
Isn't that sad?
Now the guy so fat he's got a pacemaker.
Hi, a cowie!
But take a fat...
What?
He's not that bad.
Yeah, barely.
Just barely.
First it was the Walker and the Kane and now the pacemaker and the knee operation and the
hip, it weighs about 800 pounds soaking wet.
Who would have thought that you could have three meals and two snacks delivered right to
your daily ins to lose weight with a balance for life you can and don't forget the beauty
of the deal is you get to pick your meals.
Pass on the Bobbaganou's, that's my advice.
Each week you get a different menu with two sluggins for every meal.
No other company offers anything like this.
Select your breakfast, lunch, dinner and two snacks.
That's it.
There's no cleaning, no cooking, no calorie counting, no carbs counting and you lose weight.
Because all the meals are based on the proven zone diet but Dr. Barry Sears.
For example, menu choices this week are Portobello and Provolone Omlet, Veal Marcella and
Crab Louie Salad.
How can you call that dieting?
People on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds a month without even trying
hard.
Plus for a limited time get a free pedometer when you sign up.
Track your steps and increase the weight loss.
And now try their special seven day trial never offered before.
Call their toll free number 1-866-225-4543 to get started or get more information or go online
at balanceforlife.com.
That's balanceforlife.com or call toll free 1-866-225-4543.
I think the local office is 566-366-225-4543.
The radio is on yours.
I'll see you in.
Okay, f***ing blow!
The following is a paid infotizement.
Hi folks, I'm the guy in the ugly sweater.
And I'm the guy with a fake Australian accent and if all I got an offer for you, what if
I'll show you a way to save thousands of dollars on your petrol bill?
What the heck is petrol?
Petrol means gasoline.
Oh, gas is expensive.
What do I have to do to save money?
Don't tell me I have to throw away my car.
Stop being a moron.
I can show you how to save up to 100% on your gasoline bill for utilizing our new gas and gas system.
Wow, gas and gas.
That sounds complicated.
It's not.
It's so simple even a common criminal could do it.
Wow, how does the gas and gas system work?
It couldn't be easier.
Just pull up to the gas station, fill your tank as normal, and then instead of paying for it, just drive away.
I get it.
Gas and gas.
Isn't that great folks?
I told you gas and gas is a real steal.
Stay.
It doesn't work at all gas stations.
That's the beauty of it.
Gas and gas works one time at every gas station.
I'm sold.
How can I order the gas and gas system?
I'd love to tell you, but if I did, I'd be an accessory.
Terrific.
Hey folks, don't go away.
When we come back, our friend will tell you how to save money on expensive restaurant bills.
It's more patented, chew and screw system.
I'm getting hungry already.
Good boy, everyone.
It's so hot folks.
1048 at 560.
So you don't watch infomercial, so you can't really appreciate this much as some of the rest of us.
Sorry.
Why not?
I know it.
There were times even when you have 700 channels like I do when the infomercial, especially like on a Sunday.
Really on a Sunday before the talking head show start.
It's some of the most entertaining craft fun.
You haven't been watching Ron Popeel and the, I will say this though, on the Spanish language TV cable channels.
They have even infomercials for, I don't know what they are where they just have women's asses parading around constantly.
I think they're for nylon's.
Oh, there you go.
I'll watch the other day.
Over and over.
I want this car out.
I'm going to save you this car.
I'm going to save you this car.
There you go.
Anyway, there's not very good news for President Bush and the latest ABC News Washington Post pull on two erase, carry 53, bush 45%.
In a three way mantra of carry 48, bush 44 and native four, native continues being an arrogant pompous ass with an ego the size of a Mount Rushmore.
Unacceptable.
I think maybe they're going to have to break his legs.
That might be the only way to get the message across.
Also, the Wall Street Journal, which is to the right of a till of the hunt, their battleground pull has better news for Mr. Bush.
The President continues to gain on John Kerry among likely voters in the 16 battleground states.
Mr. Bush now leads in seven states up from the five states yield two weeks ago.
I don't like that.
Of course, keep in mind all these numbers.
Kerry hasn't even awakened from a deep nap yet.
What's going to happen when he wakes up?
It'll either be very, very good or you never know.
Speaking of bad news for candidates, Republican Senate candidate Jack Ryan in Chicago pressured his wife, well known actress Jerry Lynn Ryan,
had sex and clubs while others watched.
She charged in divorce documents released yesterday.
Something George can relate to those sex clubs, those swing clubs,
try to schlep your wife and her and be innocent humiliate and degrade her.
And she won't do anything anyway.
No wonder she hates you like poison.
By the way, speaking of poison, how's her lemonade doing?
The Boston Public and Star Trek Voyager actress said she angered Ryan by refusing.
She did acknowledge impidelity on her part, which she said took place after the marriage was irretrievably broken anyway.
In the documents, Ryan denied the allegations saying he'd been faithful and loyal to his wife.
In a news conference held after the documents were released, Ryan repeatedly refused to comment on the allegations, saying his respost in the court papers spoke for itself and that he would not discuss them again.
It's not helpful for my son or for she or me to reopen the allegations, Ryan said.
I'm sticking by the exact things I said five years ago.
While Ryan has spent time in recent days attempting to disrupt support among the party leadership,
one Republican member of the Illinois delegation called for Ryan to withdraw as a candidate, Ray LaHood.
Republican from Peoria, that's the hood he hangs out, and said Ryan needs to quit the campaign for the good of himself, his family and his party.
There's no way the people of Illinois are going to count this behavior from a Senate candidate from the Republican Party LaHood said.
Ryan said he's got no plans to withdraw.
My intention is to stay in the race he be saying.
Jerry Lynn Ryan charged during custody hearing that Ryan took around surprise trips to New Orleans, New York in Paris in 1998,
and that he insisted she go to sex clubs with him on each trip.
She said that after going out today with Ryan in New York, he demanded that she go to a club with him.
It was a bizarre club with cages, whips and other apparatus hanging from the ceiling, she said.
All right.
How come I have that echo on it?
Did you hit it too?
You just hit it also?
Yeah.
Oh no.
Oh my god.
She said Ryan asked him to perform a sexual act while others watched and she refused.
All right.
I know it's one.
Ooh, ooh.
She said they left and Ryan apologized or instead it was out of his system, but then she said he took it in Paris and again took it to a sex club.
She said she cried, became physically ill of the club and her husband got angry with her.
She said she could never get over that incident.
You can relate to all of this.
She also accused him in the papers of being controlling and lying repeatedly throughout the proceedings.
I did arrange a reminder, getaways for us, but then did not include the type of activity she described Ryan said in the papers.
We did go to one avant-garde nightclub in Paris, which was more than either one of us felt comfortable with.
We left and vowed never to return.
He told the court.
Yadda, yadda, yadda.
How do I like that?
Another one of those right wing, I don't want to say perverts because we're all perverts.
Another one of those right wing perverts, like I said.
A whole year than thou.
Anyway, here's more of that ABC News poll.
This is some pretty interesting stuff.
It's on our website.
It's much too long in Pondras.
But the interesting part of this from the year for the first time in the ABC News Washington Post polls,
more than half of Americans, 52% say the Iraq war was not worth fighting.
It should be 92% already by now.
Five more soldiers dead in the last two days I should point out.
We had the former Marines yesterday, but there was one other one in your bag that five more were approaching the 900 market before it would be a thousand.
Thousand lives just sacrificed for nothing.
And we're like eight days away from that magical day of June.
Not third man.
When we do that hand over, when we throw the keys to the king, I'm up in the air and say, hey, somebody grabbed the grass ring and we're getting out of here.
Of course, we're not getting out of there.
That's the bad part.
And if there's going to be a civil war, if there's going to be just massive wild bloodshed, who the hell knows, but one can only imagine that probably will.
There's been a steady slide in the belief that the war has enhanced long term US security.
51% now say so down 11 points just this year or long.
Here are some of the questions.
How the war with the rack impacts US reputation in this ABC Washington Post pool.
The war with the rack has damaged the US image in July of last year, 63% said it damaged the US image now 76%.
Cause long term, you had damaged US relations with France and Germany last year, 51% said that now 64%.
Improve US security last year, 62% said now only 51% of the very naive fools out there.
Contributed to mid East P, 50% said that last July now 42%.
And improved your rack his life 72% said that last July 65% say that now I guess those are the rack his life they're talking about.
You're right.
Right.
So there you go. It's on our website for those who actually can read those who care.
That's why it's such a joke about the idea that our audience is out there buying a Clinton book, 975 pages.
You should live so long.
Maybe how many people in this audience you think will buy?
About third man.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe exaggerating right there.
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
That's our poll question today since he's like all over the news.
We're sure seeing a lot more him than the John Kerry and that like I said before may not be a bad thing.
278 votes.
What do we get yesterday in the first two hours?
280?
Something like that.
278 already.
No, I think it was 208.
I know.
It was pretty weak.
He was much better than W. 131 votes.
He's the greatest 86.
So between those right there you got 78%.
See that of this very astute audience.
He was an embarrassment.
Look at that number.
About 30.
10.7%.
30 people say he was an embarrassment.
His ego is out of control.
Another 13 jump it on in there.
Say that.
He has an ifty penis 10 who I guess have seen it up close.
He's trying to up stage Kerry 5 and he was weak.
5 out of 295 votes.
We just eclipse yesterday's first two hours.
We apologize for that really bad poll.
All your homophobes out there who can't stand the reality.
All these queens in denial.
Oh, I just like to watch well-built guys slap each other on the ass play ball.
Your game.
Yeah.
Takes showers together.
Things like that.
The Faggery of Sports.
That's gonna be the theme of QAM.
The Faggery of Sports, man.
Of guys showering together.
Slap at each other on the ass.
Let me say it again because nobody will ever answer that question.
What other endeavor in human history where guys, you know,
hit a walkoff home run for example and some guy come as he's rounding the
bases of the first base coach.
Slaps him on a pat him on the ass.
Sports.
Guy goes out to manager at a pitching coach goes out to remove the pitcher and
as he takes the ball from his hand he gives him a pat on the ass.
Even in the OJ trial Johnny Cochran didn't pat Eiffely Bailey on the ass and
believe me that was a big target.
Bobby Shapiro didn't slap what's his name on the ass there.
Very direct.
Not that we saw anyway.
He was given a black power salute to the jury.
Can you imagine if he would have been convicted and one of the jurors would have pulled out
like a hooded cap or something?
Yeah, like a KKK hood.
Right.
I mean, oh my goodness.
Talk about history in the hood.
They'd have been going an Apesman.
But no, this guy gives the black power salute.
Hey, you go OJ and then think of all those spasels that were cheering him on on the
freeway in the white Ford Bronco.
Well, I'm telling you this.
This America it's just.
We got a lot of work to do maybe a lot of work.
1056 at 560 WQAM where work is a word we don't like too much.
Well, the either the summer here now is a great time to get out of that miserable car you've been driving to get
yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota homestead.
Your fund among US one just 20 minutes out of the 36th.
They're worth that drive because they're going to save you so much cash.
They'll save you thousands on great new fancy shmancy Toyota's.
And with rising gas prices maybe you want to get a car with more fuel economy like the
legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11 990 or lease it for just 209 a month.
You need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate.
How about the Toyota Echo?
These prices just 199 or need to truck the V6 Toyota Tundra regular camp can be yours for just 239 a month.
If you're looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and
Solarra convertible they're both in stock right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
Their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done.
They're committed to treat you like family and make you a happy camper.
In fact, Armstrong Toyota of homestead was the first unit off your free tires and batteries for life
and now they're the first to offer free replacement parts for life that is absolutely correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life nobody.
No where's do that.
So why waste time and gasch?
Shluffin' all around town with those big mega dealers who rip you off.
See our good buddy David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead for an unbeatable deal.
Grab a little and save a lot on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
We're sports radio bikes.
You a.m.
You drudge packing.
That's stupid.
Come on everybody get into the spin.
Now that it's been in for however long it's been.
Green of the old green stuck in your second chin.
Everybody knew what plans to just come on and fight over to the middle.
Over to the middle, raising up and stepping light.
Hop and stepping light.
Needed to the left a little.
To the left a little.
Now he knows how to drive.
Come on and take a step and it positions.
Jumping with total turn of bowels.
Take your finger at the knee.
See how good there'll be a everybody to the spin.
Come on everybody join the problem name.
When you start to fade and the public is swayed.
Hustle free trade and stage a bombing raid.
Everybody do the things.
Come on and slide over to the middle.
Over to the middle, raising up and stepping light.
Hop and stepping light.
Needed to the left a little.
To the left a little.
Now he knows how to drive.
Stand over making everybody happy.
Everybody now let's be the other guy.
Be the other guy.
Be by a viewing jack or Sony and ring another.
Growing in everybody new.
But when you have a step up.
When stand back low.
It was harder than you planned.
You must.
With the strikestand.
Shocking giant.
Now stand with the fan.
Come on and slide over to the middle.
Over to the middle.
Raise up and step light.
Hop and step light.
Needed to the left a little.
To the left a little.
To the right a little.
Now he knows how to drive.
Hop and stepping light.
Now a little diplomatic side.
Stop on the nominees.
On the refugees.
Start to feel a little ill and eat with your own abilities.
Everybody do.
Upwind.
Now you feel an illustrated juffle.
In a state of juffle.
In the continental hot.
In the continental hot.
Have another walk.
Have another walk.
It's right up to your latest spot.
When you're made of me.
Marry and try to keep on trucking.
Try to keep on trucking.
Baby one step at a time.
One step at a time.
You just like your mama says make good on your promises.
Everybody do.
Upwind.
You just like your mama says make good on your promises.
Everybody do.
Upwind.
Well he either will or he won't.
It's up to him.
Everybody do.
Upwind.
I'm riding on my hair.
I'm riding on my hair.
I'm riding on my hair.
I'm riding on my hair.
I have no idea.
I'm riding on my hair.
That's the moon.
Okay it's a long, long big one.
Keep it in mind.
You can wait around on the yard.
You're right on my arm.
Look for the QM van.
It's there right now.
Take a peek at it.
It's there at the Shell gas station in the quarter of 27th Avenue.
Isn't that Northwest 27th Avenue?
You know what I'm going to grow?
Is it?
In the grove.
Yeah.
I don't know either.
Anyway where the hell it is.
Stop by the f*** up.
What?
Southwest I think.
Well something.
West.
While they last at the Knights Marlins Braves game that's on the 27th Avenue
West 1th Southwest that the Shell gas station just looked for the QM van and
McGill.
He'll be waiting frantically saying anybody want these tickets.
And by all speaking of that I'm so glad that I fell into another bucket of crap right there.
Next season don't let me forget if we're all still alive.
This business of McGill holds on to my tickets because I just don't happen to be there.
And then Chirri picks all of the decent games and then gives me back like a skeleton.
Then it's going to happen no more.
Okay.
I mean I like McGill but not that much.
I have people that would like to have those tickets where I actually would enjoy going to the games.
That's just all of their relatives and illegal aliens that just hop off of banana boat.
So don't be letting him a Ray Perry.
Don't be handed anymore of my tickets to McGillito.
Otherwise we'll get the real Esco bars all over his ass.
Uens times U.S. overspending your rack funds.
This is another scandal that will not be a big scandal because nobody's got their eye on the balls.
That's the problem.
Everybody's eye are on the Reagan.
They're on Clinton. They're not watching the Bonson Ballsman.
It's like a shell game.
Was that where McGill is?
And why are you there at the shell station?
I don't want to like piss them off or anything but don't buy into that gas because they must up your gas tank.
United Nations mandated auditors have sharply criticized the US occupation authority
for the way it spent more than $11 billion in a Mackey oil revenue.
They face resistance from coalition officials.
In an interim report obtained by Financial Times, the Brits, KPMG says the development fund for a rack which is managed by the US
that coalition provisional authority and channels oil revenue into Reconstruction projects is open to fraudulent acts.
Oh my god.
What a surprise.
The auditors criticized the CPA's bookkeeping and war and the CPA does not have effective controls over the ministry spending of their individual allocated budgets.
Whether the funds are direct from the CPA or via the Ministry of Finance, the findings come after the US complaints about the UN's administration of the oil for food program under Saddam Hussein.
In other words, they were ripping off billions, were ripping off billions.
In the meantime, we're busy pointing fingers at each other while all your money and all the Iraqi's money is getting flushed into somebody's pocket.
How do you like that?
What a surprise.
Yeah, what a shock.
They're raping the public again.
We're too busy.
We're not even with ball games and walkoff home runs.
I still can't get over that.
I can't relate to it.
I can't associate with it.
Once even more disturbing is that punks like Josh and other young punks are walking around thinking like,
oh well that really is a baseball thing.
Are you some kind of a moron to don't understand the basic elements of baseball?
He'd respond but he had to go tell somebody that the audio vault just crashed.
Oh well that's where it goes.
It says, see, maybe Fitsikr could come in and handle that.
Instead of calling me up here trying to invite himself to bother me and pick up a day of my life on my vacation,
maybe he could come in and fix it.
If you speak to him real nice, although I don't think he's got the capacity to do it.
Look at this phone man. Is it smoking or what?
Remember yesterday?
Right.
Building that pole yesterday with this one and that one.
At least in the last two hours, not the first two.
What?
We were building a pole.
We were building a pole.
That's all that it's all the South Florida audience could do.
Man, it's the old totem pole deal.
By the way, both vaults are broken right now.
Both vaults? Well what's the other vault?
The word of the control room.
Well I saw it.
In other words, both audio vaults are down which means no spots.
That's a bonus.
Oh yeah, thousands of your great calls today.
No spots except the live spots which I happen to have right here in my hand.
Let's just do some previews.
Some extras for all of our fine spots.
Sure.
Like Pompadot Park.
I don't even know what's going on at Pompadot Park because Troy Stratford,
I haven't heard from him in a Koonz age if you've heard that expression.
I haven't seen him either.
Well maybe he's suspended again.
Let's start a rumor.
Troy Stratford got suspended.
That's what Geldy will be putting on here tomorrow.
Geldy, you are such an ass-wife, man.
It's just pathetic.
It is so sad watching a no-talent tour for the squeaky voice like you just...
Just the suck in your way to the top.
He's kind of like the Pete Bulger of...
Beasley Broadcasting.
Just kiss and ask, kiss and ask, suck in his way along to the top.
Just like with a Panther organization, same thing.
Meanwhile, nobody wants to monitor show.
That's why he's in there hoping that Joe gets canned.
That Joe Rose never comes back.
Howard, guarantee him what I want him on his show.
Absolutely.
He guaranteed he'd like to get a dump him off of there.
Now that he knows that he hates him like poison.
He's been bad mouthed him all over town.
And of course Joe, we know Joe Rose don't want any part of Geldy on there.
He thought he just slide right in there.
You know when his mentor came on.
And Joe smart enough, he don't want that squeaker on there.
So now you're stuck with like fillings and maybe they have Panther games
if there's a season which we doubt very seriously.
Okay, Mr.
And well deserved WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, call to speak to the mad dog.
All right, all right.
There you go. WQAM.
Hello.
I have a poll suggestion for Neil.
Yes.
It's a food poll actually.
Food poll.
Yeah.
What's that food or restaurant?
Has your favorite French fry?
Was that the same guy that called about the dolphin muscles?
I think that sounded like the same loser.
The model man.
Yeah, I would know.
He said which dolphin has the biggest muscle?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, I've got a whole bunch of stuff here, but I was since we have no spots anytime in the immediate future.
I mean, might as well get a million calls in here.
There's your chance.
Let's hear about that Clinton book.
Let's hear about Bubba.
What are your memories?
What are your thoughts?
What's your take?
WQAM.
Hello.
What's your gunners?
See they can't.
They can't even handle it.
They can't even handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
They can't handle it.
Man, oh man.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
I'm about two feet out of the chair already.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Jim Harper used to be the production director.
Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
Our founding fathers set forth these in alienable rights.
Light, Liberty.
A case of fear and a shopping bag of explosives
that you set up in your driveway with a cigarette.
Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
You, Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
You, Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
You, Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
You, Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
You, Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
You, Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
There's no real two day anyway.
Act, put one in his trash can too.
There's no trash pick up the day either.
So the next time you're terrified
that there are leaving little yellow puddles.
Every time an explosion is heard from across the street.
Raise your wadded up paper towel and salute to
Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
A real, American hero.
Mr. Drunken Fireworks Lighter.
Call 911 and help him look for his finger.
1126. Now what are we going to do? Do an extra break and make up all the spots this hour?
Sure.
We can do that. No problem. You know how easy I can do that? Bad news, Delarok.
A mortar attack on the US Army Camp near Baghdad today left US soldier dead.
Seven other people including foreign contractor injured.
So the numbers keep rising and rising and the public sits back and like,
well let's say it's too good and it's not looking like everything is so...
Oh we're fine.
And speaking of that, speaking of people who lie like crazy,
you know this commissioner John Langan from the 911 Commission who's been like
sucking up to the bush people like crazy and trying to distort the truth, well guess what?
Too bad, not working.
The CIA concluded a long time ago, this is from News Day,
that an Al-Qaeda associate who met with two of the 911 hijackers in Malaysia
was not an officer in Saddam Hussein's army as alleged Sunday by Republican
member of the 911 Commission. They just keep tried like a force all of this BS
to make the story true. In other words, we lied like crazy,
but now we'll create all kinds of other lies to make the first lie like
seemed like it was true.
Commissioner John Langan, who was Navy Secretary under Ronald Reagan,
who's still dead, said new documents indicated that at least one officer of Saddam's
Fet Aein and elite army unit was a very prominent member of Al-Qaeda.
Guess what?
Langan's remarks on NBC's meet the press lens support to the Bush administration's
insistence that there were strong ties between Hussein and Al-Qaeda.
The administration official said the CIA and US Army appinned to list the members of the Fet Aein
shortly after the invasion of Iraq last year.
Somi said had names that were similar to Ahmad Hikmachuk here,
but he said the CIA concluded a long time ago that none were the Al-Qaeda associate.
He would not say whether the Al-Qaeda associate was in US custody.
Other sources said he is not.
So there you go, liar liar, again, your pants are on fire.
And that's something?
The way they go right there on the nationwide on Worldwide TV
and just lie in lie to the freaking public.
And you want to know why they do it?
Just like what Clinton said about why he was doing this stuff with Monica?
Because they can.
Why in local, near-sports radio five six East UA-U-A-M?
Deal got out, WQ-A-M.
Where the faggot is out!
In all my videos, see my lashes tell the Dean.
And then I'm newly aware that show how dumb of long can be.
Huh.
Growing and I'm not a big deal.
I'm showing why I keep these books tucked inside.
Even though guys want them just Nicholas, she gets to stay.
My love, storm my breath today.
Oh, right.
My love, you're so my best, you're so my best.
28th to the moon at 5.60 WQM.
Now it's the mad dog on today, on, off, in, out.
Yesterday we had Curtis on there.
You don't know what his schedule.
It's the only station I've ever worked there.
Where the hell are you?
I'm not sure if you can give you a schedule in pencil with a bigger racer.
I think the mad dog on today is that correct?
Oh, right.
Humber in the studio, 4 o'clock, 630 Marlins on deck.
The Braves at the Marlins, 705, don't forget you can use some free tickets for that game tonight.
If you stop by and see the lovely Miguel who's not getting any more of those.
Oh, don't get on you.
Forget about it.
They're all gone?
Yeah.
Boy, that's your didn't take long did it?
Oh, it didn't.
Wow.
Now we're nearly when you go out on those appearances as you well know,
used to sit there and stare at the ceiling, eat those sandwiches from a world where that place is.
And that's about it.
Now I don't mind plugging the Atlantic City sub now that hours are going,
but they really are some of the biggest free loaders I've ever seen in my life.
And you know whose fault that was?
That was D-fo.
Yeah.
I mean, you talk about a scammice.
There wasn't just that thing with the Indians.
D-fo was one of the biggest slime balls that I'm not that I don't like them.
All of them, he don't like me very much.
He stabbed me several times.
But he was very shady.
You know, I'm a slippery, shady, schlocky kind of a radio guy.
And as a result, he had more different deals going with different people.
And of course that whole thing where we like the weekend,
a QAM is just a horror thing.
If there's anybody out there who's against prostitution,
you better start investigating the weekends of QAM
because we just basically horror all the time out.
Mad Dog has got all those hours that he owns.
I don't know how that deal works, you know?
And then there's that thing where Zagaki is on there.
Oh, I actually turned on a station yesterday just at the wrong time.
It was about 10 to 7 last night.
I'm in here sending some bedtime stories to Eric and Josh.
And lo and behold, the Humphers' show is just about to end.
And then somebody says to him, I guess there were no calls.
You want to talk to a Joe?
Oh, I'd love to talk to Joe, meaning Joe Zagaki.
Joe Zagaki sucks, okay?
Wow.
I mean, Joe Zagaki makes Dave Van Boring sound like Harry Kiri.
I know that's saying a lot.
You know what I mean by that?
I don't.
That's how cool.
Josh is funny, you know, laugh and yell.
Yeah, I know it's true because that's how animated Dave Van Boring is compared to Zagaki.
And Dave Van Boring is like a dead man.
He's like John Kerry on the doggy downers.
Here's the fact that says where was our home line security when a commercial airliner suddenly gears off course and lands in an Air Force base.
That was over the weekend.
You see that surround a website?
Nope.
No, that was the North, was the commercial flight, a Northwest flight, and a pilot landed in the Air Force base, which was about eight miles from where the right airport was in.
Soft Dakota or somewhere up there, something in the Inamsville.
It says it could have been any type of terrorism from an AAPAM on board who knows all I know is our protection of blows is what it says here.
Thank you, Michael.
Michael and Boka.
Who of course is no relation to our good post personal friend who now move way up on the Eritre scare.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Howard from Boka.
Yeah, he's moving on up.
I know that it's almost impossible, but Geldy's making Moe look pretty good by comparison.
And I will say that as Moe at least he's got a great radio voice, right?
Right?
Nope. No organ.
He's a real broadcaster.
I'm not necessarily saying to talk to your host, but he's a real broadcaster, play by play guy.
He's been around the block several times canned everywhere, but nonetheless he's a real broadcaster.
And so he brings something to the table as opposed to Geldy who just brings a sharp knife and a squeaky voice to the table as all he brings.
Supreme court law.
I don't know what it is.
So I can nishmitkin.
This right me.
I think Geldy's going to tickets are all gone.
So like I said, we got the game tonight, 7.05, Braves at the Marlin.
Marlin's better start winning a gamer too.
They slipped out of first place.
They're a percentage point beyond its closets.
Neck and neck knows the nose.
I understand that somebody might win a million dollars at the game tonight.
I just made that up, but I figure if somebody figures there's something really good or free.
What?
Well, let's just make some stuff up.
You know, it's like if you listen to the show every day for the next two and a half years, you might win a million dollars.
I mean, I'm sure you won because we're not giving it away, but maybe you win the lottery.
Oh, and speaking of winning the lottery, I'm trying to think of who the people were from up here, no less who won the Florida lottery.
Really on there?
Yes.
People from here.
People from either Woodbine or one of the tracks here.
I was just reading about in the Toronto Sun yesterday, which don't read that paper just a sports section.
It's a right-wing rag.
The Supreme Court yesterday, a lot of law sued to proceed that allow accuses the arts dices in Milwaukee of transferring a child molester
from Wisconsin to work as a Roman Catholic priest in California.
Well, that should be for enough of a shouldn't it?
The judges declined without comment to block a lawsuit involving allegations that the priest, Sigfried Wadira, Wadira, Wardo, molested an eight-year-old California boy after his move.
Wadira committed suicide in 2003.
All right.
A year after Eric Payne was sued him in the Milwaukee Arts Dice, so over the last 1985 sexual assault, before his death Wadira fled the country to avoid trial on dozens of counts of sexual, of child molestation in Wisconsin and the California.
He had been convicted of perversion with a boy in Wisconsin in the 70s before they shifted his ass out there to California.
I said, shifted.
Matthew Flynn, the attorney for the Milwaukee Arts Dice, said that California courts should not handle cases involving out-of-state religious institutions.
And I want to say to you right now, most priests, bull and nuns, belonging institutions.
I'm not talking about religious institutions. I'm talking about a rental institution.
And you know who really belongs to the mental institutions?
Our parents who turn their children over to these people for fun and amusement and pleasure.
They belong in jail.
You've got these frustrated bull-like nuns who have spent almost their entire careers abusing and beating up the girls and smashing them and doing them whatever.
And then you've acquired the course of all these pedophile priests who are busy trying to alter boys.
And that's a religion.
That's some kind of a thing to turn your children over to.
The brainwash.
The most evil, the most vile, the most vulgar, taxidempt institution on the face of the globe.
And you're turning your little kids over to that.
Shame on you.
I think a lot of these parents ought to be in jail myself.
I think if the priest already committed suicide or is dead like I think some of the parents will allow this crap to go on.
They ought to be in jail.
Permanent of malinois practice. Don't you think?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
There you go. That's two out of two. What does Josh think?
Absolutely.
Absolutely. There you go. Three for three.
Which is not as good as a walkoff home run, but it's still betting a thousand.
He's another one, you know, raised cat like so.
So he can have a house and...
Well, that's that spick thing.
Spick thing.
Yeah, you told me that his name was like that.
He's the all mixed up.
Yeah, he's got a little of this.
I heard he's got a little something in him.
That's what I've heard.
That's what the clearance told me.
It was so little.
And that's not what Duff said.
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
That's our poll quesitant.
We don't want to refer to the poll result too often because then those people who got you all whipped up into a thing about the poll.
You don't matter what you do.
I don't have to tell you this.
No matter what it is.
Oh no way!
It's just like the so-called sports fans.
And they're like,
You know, I mean, a Marlins could win every game from now to the end of the season.
No, we didn't get any more freebies.
We didn't get any Bobblehead dolls.
Well, it's always crying.
Always crying.
Just like the thing with the heat.
Nobody expected the heat to go anywhere.
They were off to a horrendous start.
Pat Riley went into hiding somewhere.
And all of a sudden they went up into playoffs and gave who the hell was it?
Indiana.
Good run for their money.
Wasn't it Indiana?
Yeah, just like that.
I don't even pay any attention to that crap.
I don't care about Shvobal.
But...
You turn into the station.
You think they would have lost every game, gotten blown out every game in a playoffs
or wouldn't have made it in the first place.
There's no way to please the people in South Florida.
They lived to be miserable.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
That's why Moe was there.
To make sure that all of us are.
He's doing a good job, by the way.
Nice job, Moe.
I hope that I hope he makes the buildings life so as bad as he's made it before.
I hope he just makes it miserable.
I hope he just terrorizes that schmuck.
Now I really mean that.
See, now he can focus all his attention on one person.
Now he's been with George and me and the Beast and Joe Rose and Hank.
Now he can focus right in on the real chigger in the wood pot.
That's the one right there.
Squeaky.
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
That's our poll question today.
400 E1 votes.
But we sure got more response today on this than we did in the first two hours yesterday.
Haven't we?
That's because that was perceived as a fag question here.
And by the way, speaking of the fag stuff, I've got four words.
I wrote it down.
People that are worried about who other people are sleeping with.
As long as they're adults, as long as it's consensual, I have four words for you.
What's it to you?
Write it on your...
Just like in Momento, which was on again the other day, and I couldn't turn it off.
Just like Momento, write it to...
How's Teddy doing?
Write it on your wrist.
Write it on your cheek.
Back up.
What's it to you?
Yeah.
How is it going to change your life?
How is it going to change anything about anything?
Is it?
No.
So what's it to you?
What's it to you?
What's it to you?
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
It's to you.
He's going to control 25.
He has an empty penis 13.
He's trying to upstage carry 8.
And he was weak 8.
Like a Martinez voice.
Two more votes for 500.
Boy, this is like more, you know?
You know what I'm saying?
Like you feel like it's almost worth turning the transmitter on.
Yeah.
For all my crazy...
I'm crazy.
I'm crazy.
I'm crazy.
I'm crazy.
I'm crazy.
I'm crazy.
I'm crazy.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Another thing.
Another thing.
He went over the big star by now.
Sorry.
He does a little bit sweet voice.
I didn't expect to get anywhere a little cutie-poo.
Sorry.
We saved you.
And I didn't expect to get to the red one.
I don't know what this is.
35 hundred white.
I didn't come on.
I was you.
What?
The more white you.
Yeah, what a cutie.
The more white you.
What do I say?
I swear not to see you.
Hey.
I want a dime.
Hi, you're Pekka-Rin.
Oh, don't know.
She's a robot.
She's in a coma.
And points like that.
Why are you, why you're a smth-you?
Then she said,
I know my smell attracts you.
But unlike Zack, you...
You still got such a...
I feel just like
That you are my div runner.
And one year you do another.
That's why you're a scum at five.
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
I'm going to show him what you're in a cowfire.
If we do, it's over.
All right, that's enough.
14-tools.
No, at 5.60 WQM, all those Marlon brave tickets are gone.
But it didn't take long at all.
How many did we have?
About 3, man.
I went out there many.
Probably he was given mine away too.
Hey, I'm a guy, a nice job, but not next season, man.
He just raped those books of tickets.
He raped at him.
Here's a fact that says, from somebody who's a little bit agitated and gestifiably so,
I was just online for the wonderful QM auction.
Sucker, I wanted to sign up just to see what kind of schmit they have for Sarlan F.
It says that you have to give these holes or credit.
A lot of words in here.
A credit card number, which has to first be approved, what an F-ing scam.
It's a screw Q-I-M.
Why are all the hosts including Moe plucking this schmit?
Because they're a bunch of horrors.
Because they have no credibility.
Also, Neal, why is Gildey on with Boe and Moe on with the big...
Oh!
Well, it's long story.
Because Joe, if that's the Joe, instead of Boe and Moe, how's that go?
And the big guy.
I don't...
It's all screwed up.
It's because Greg Read is a goofball.
He's an imbecile man.
He's got things going every time things look like they're really going great.
Even the Moe man must have had a decent number in his last training in the morning.
All the day parts are doing just fine.
But no, he just can't get his act together.
I'm tired of a...
You know, an emotional cripple is what we got running the radio station.
And I'm trying to...
Oh, holding stuff back.
Get with it.
Get Joe Rose signed up.
He's doing just fine.
Get Gildey off his back.
There's a Chinaman's chance he's going to let him get on that show.
That's the only way he's going to be on air as if Joe is a walked out for a week, which he did.
Get it done.
Get it done.
Get it done.
Greg, get it done.
Get something done for once in your life.
And then go off and, you know, have a great life.
Leave us alone.
Speaking of liars, like Greg...
Secretary of State Colin Powell is announcing they a sharp increase last year in victims of terrorism worldwide,
correcting findings that were used in other lie to bolster President Bush's claim of success and countering this scourge of violence.
A revised State Department report is being released today showing a dramatic increase in both the number of deaths and other casualties,
as well as a less dramatic boost in incidents the senior department official said.
The initial report was issued in April.
On June 10th, the State Department acknowledged the findings were inaccurate as in...
Paul attributed the air as partly to a new data system and said there was no attempt to manipulate the figures to Bukhris Bush's argument.
Right. When the report was issued, senior administration officials claimed that it showed Bush's counterterrorism campaign was a great success.
But guess what?
Not so fast. People are dying like flies.
I'm dying over here.
Just open up the window. You hear the sound of...
I'm dying over here.
Somebody screaming like that, pours out Korean guy. They're like, oh, please don't come. And how come we don't know what happened with him?
We will.
When they chopped off Paul Johnson's head, we knew about it immediately. We had all the pictures on everybody's website.
And let me just tell you this right up front. We'll put a lot of wild stuff on our website.
We are putting no shrunken heads on our website.
No.
No.
Unless it's somebody that we really don't like.
Like a screw-and-winnik, we put that on there. Or OJ, we put his head on there at a heartbeat.
Oh, man.
Wouldn't that be great? Well, not that Miguel finished that appearance, really. He could probably go and get a machete wheelchair at the Army's surplus store.
And they'll go find OJ down Kendall, probably on the golf course.
Like on the link.
On the link.
Yeah, that's why the even the animal rights activist, Hadoj, spends too much time on the links.
Greg Polast is one of my very favorites, right?
We actually got all the spots in. We're like up to date now, aren't we?
Yeah, yeah.
We are.
Well, I'm telling you, we are so good on this show. It's just amazing. It's in the sleight of hand, the trickery that we can pretend to be doing like a real radio show here and again.
All we care about is the spots. You know, we hope you're having a good time. You know, prices right.
But we just want to get those spots in there. Get that paycheck. Get the big bucks like Josh and George are getting.
Don't forget, Clarets, Fridays, payday. No excuses this time. It'd be nice just once this summer to get a paycheck on time.
Not that I'm complaining. The amounts look pretty good. But let's get one in there on time would be excellent.
In fact, slap that bitch, whatever her name is. Isn't it amazing how many different people we've had working in accounting since we've been on this station?
Oh, including poor Miriam. And I don't apologize for what I said that time that I got all that flack about from those goofball professional little spits there at power 96.
I was saying something nice about her, which he was a sweetheart. I said probably what hastened her to my eyes with the fact that he had a life or Greg all those years and fend off all the creditors. Now, what was wrong with that?
Nothing. That's just not the story they got.
Oh, I see they got a twisted story because they didn't actually hear it themselves. They got all that under shape in your close friend Joe Costello was saying, oh, I think there's going to be a brawl in here.
Yeah, you know, Joe, you're a good guy. But you're so emotional, which is probably why you're not on the air plus the fact you're a pervert.
So what's the deal with that? When is your rose coming? I mean, Joe Costello coming back.
In fact, listen, we could have had instead of guilty on here, we could have bow and Joe Costello. We could have right.
Mo and the big. And then we could have bow and Joe. What do you say? Okay. No. Oh, Greg, I would all say this for next hour. Let's take somebody's really good cause.
They've been excellent. No question about a lot of people on their way to buy the Clinton memoirs. 975 pages of stuff.
Yeah, I, you know, again, people are the victims of hype. I went out and bought the Hillary book and I read a few of these pages on a year, which I apologize for.
And it's been, it's been sitting here in the same spot. The only thing I do with this book is I put like different things in there that I defined, you know, like print stuff out on the internet.
And things I need to save. I put them in that book because I know I'm never going to open the book again. So what do I need another thousand page book sitting over there to my right?
I don't have room for it number one. And number two, I should have spent about 50 bucks Canadian to go out there and buy it because it'll match the Hillary book. Are they the same?
Well, I could, I could put that 50 bucks in a machine at woodbine at the slots out there and have a much better time with it and a better chance of doing something productive or maybe just play the 649 lotto.
10 million dollar jackpot tomorrow, baby. If I do win the lotto here, one good thing about it, even though it's a Canadian funds, which is only 73 cents on a dollar American.
But the good part of it is they don't take any taxes and they give it to you in one month in a wide and a big wide big water cash. So if you win 10 million, here's a check for 10 million Canadian, I'll take it.
And then George will be on for the rest of the summer and the fall and the winter.
In next spring, next year, we'll see. I don't understand how I mean first they got to get the Joe roasting taking care of you would think now would only two and a half years left on this deal that they'd be hastening to put something together where you'd be on most of the near Roger show with George Rodriguez.
See what I'm saying? Yeah. And I'd be on like maybe I don't know 10 times a year something like that you do the show every day and then they can use my name and pretend it.
It's the near Roger show and everything would be just fine. I'll just change by a little fine. No, seriously, that would be great. If they had any brains at all, I'd make a couple of cameo appearances here and there.
Duff ought to be working on that right now to save his sorry asked because he knows that the minute I'm out the door. It's bye bye. Bye bye, sweetheart. WQA. Hello, not there Q.A. Hello.
Not there to it or let's go for three for three for three for a thousand baby. Let's do a walk off call here. WQA. Hello.
Hi, yes, sir. Where is that Charlotte? Charlotte North Carolina. Yes, sir. Well, I'll be named. How you doing? All right. This one taught to Neil. You're speaking to him. I'm speaking Neil. It sounds like me. Yeah. Oh, it is, but I must be online the internet. Neil. So I'm sorry. You're still fine. Don't be sorry. People that are sitting right there were right in the middle of Miami.
Right in the end. I had no idea what's going on. Well, I left I left Miami about a year ago. Left it in a rearview mirror. Congratulations. And have a look back since that's got to be the best day your life. You're not a soft Florida, man. Oh, it was great. It's great up here. Different. Different. I took somebody asked me why didn't like it up here or why didn't like Florida. I said, well, you know, little things like the politics and stuff like that. And I say, you remember that LA on case and he said, who? Exactly. Exactly.
People, people and most of the rest of mankind are like civilized and they're polite and they're like reasonable and friendly as opposed to South Florida where they hate you like poison. They don't even know you yet. They know you. They're really good. But I want to ask them in calling on the other timeline and nobody's picking it up. Well, we do screenless now because we don't want to have Josh have a nervous breakdown. It is young age and have to screen a call. So I just pick them up as you know here in there. I that line nine is usually only two morons. They're calling there anyway with all due apology. So okay. This is the only thing I can do. I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I
don't have to be unholed and spend a lot of money. That's true. Yeah. Thank you very much for taking my call. And thanks for making it and have a great life. I already I see you. There's a guy to cut out. He sounds happy. He sounds ecstatic. And he's in Charlotte with good radio. Good WT Charlotte. I don't know what they do now because I didn't stop. Florida. You can't hear anything. Right. But when you're up north like I've been through this many times before back in the day when radio was great WT Charlotte speaking of sportsman. I used to have all the basketball games in a North Carolina.
NC State. And it was just a great radio station. 50,000 watts. 11 something or other on the dial. I really don't know and quite frankly don't care. But it was see back also in the day when I was a kid growing up and was fascinated with radio and with sports and with all these things. I used to be able to go right out from the end of the dial and all the way to the from the left to the right on the AM dial before FM even was heard up. And tell you every major 50,000 mark there were a channel station. You're like 760 was WJ R and Detroit 740 used to be WC.
CBL and Toronto is a matter of fact they hockey night in Canada. Aren't you impressed 750 WSB in Atlanta 760 WJ R and Detroit 770 WC New York 780 was WNBM Chicago. I don't know what 790 was 790 of course was WNWS but nobody could hear that 800 was CK WN Wednesday Detroit and down a
year went aren't you excited. Wow that's something. 11 11 80 was WHA in Rochester 11 90 was WO and 4 Wayne Indian. I'm sure as a kid George you
listen those hockey games the 4 Wayne comments on WO and 4 Wayne. That was a good rock and roll station huh. WO.
Then there was 10 20 was KDK and 10 30 was WVZ 10 40 was WH. Oh, Des Moines Iowa man. Oh man. KMO X and St. Louis was 11 I think 11 30.
Those were the days boy you talk about living in the past when your radio was worth it was like it was something you would grab onto you
stand there little transistor radios and you would hang out of that thing like it was made out of gold it was like a party or
body you never want to let that baby go now your radio just flush it down the toilet.
My life and love this is 43560 WN2A.
Look it it's the 12 to 1 hour at least for today on the next American Idol attorney general John Ashcroft sings.
So.
4 1
R
3
4
4
4
5
4
4
4
I'm sure that surprise by your confusion that I smiley
It seems that my sex, but I don't like women's flesh
I'd like to cut them off
Their chest is sickle, you have sex
And that's why I cut a whole machine
And I pour hot wax down my head
But I think it's a crime to die
So let the evil sword
Let it come to the free
If the cats would be
Let you never soar before
We have so many emotional cripples with this radio station
It's unbelievable
Here's a fact just hot off the machine
I just reached back and yanked it
Tell me where to drop off the tickets
I'll give them back, sign McGill
Oh man, oh man
He must have come like an engine giver
I don't want them back
It's just that you went a little heavy duty that's all
And next time maybe I'll peruse through their first
Got all mighty through what
He really is, he's got that hot spanish temper
You know, he comes across as being very low key
But if you look at him cross-eyed man
That's what Duff told me
He said once he patted him on the ass, he just turned
Here's the fact this is they called it last licks
Until everyone thought Mike Piazza was a queer
Then they changed it to walk off
Last licks, I see
Following this?
As a matter of fact I saw walk off field as choice last night
Yeah, how about if the game ends on an error?
Is that a walk off error?
No
No?
Why not?
If the bases are loaded two out
Guy hits the ground ball to short and the short stop bobbles
Is it the winning run scores?
Isn't that a walk off error?
I don't think so
Well, why not?
And what about if the bases are loaded two out
And the bottom of the tenth
And the guy walks into winning run
Is that a walk off walk?
No?
Well, why not?
I don't care what you say
Because you're just brainwashed man
It's a miracle that Catholics didn't get to you
But at least the ESPN has
No, somebody got to you
Thank God it wasn't deaf
Greg Polast writes
And I still say the guy that facts in yesterday
With that go-homer
I think that's a great cliche
That will one would stick
It makes sense
A go-homer
I can just hear Dave Ann Bore-Sanera
It's up, up and away
A go-homer
A go-homer
Yeah, time to go home, Homer
FAAAAMING
Greg Polast says the sour smell of spoiled ballots
Greg was one of our favorite colonists
And I actually have a link to his website
As a matter of fact, Greg Polast.com
He says in the 2000 presidential election
1.9 million Americans cast ballots that nobody counted
Spoiled votes is the technical term
A pile of ballots left to rot has a distinctly dark hue
About 1 million of them, half of the rejected ballots
Were cast by African Americans
Although black voters make up only 12% of the electorate
This year it could get worse
On you dark folks out there
You better vote 4 or 5 or 6 times
Just to make sure you make it counted once maybe
These ugly racial statistics are hidden away in the mathematical thickets of the appendices
To official reports coming out of the investigation of ballot box monkey business in Florida
From the last go-round
How do you spoil 2 million ballots
Not by leaving them out of the fridge too long
A stream mark, a jammed machine, a punch card, a punch twice will do it
It's easy to lose your vote especially when some politicians want your vote to be lost
While investigating the 2000 ballot count in Florida for BBC television I saw first hand how the spoilage game was played
With black voters the predetermined losers
Florida's Gadsden County has the highest percentage of black voters in the state
And the highest spoilage rate
One in 8 votes cast there in 2000 was never counted
Many voters wrote in Al Gore optical reading machines rejected these because Al is a stray mark
By contrast in neighboring Tallahassee the capital vote spoilage was nearly zipped every vote counted
The difference?
And Tallahassee's white majority county voters placed their ballots directly on the optical scanners
If they added a stray mark they received another ballot with instructions to correct it
In other words in the white county make a mistake in another ballot and the black county make a mistake and your ballot is tossed
The US Civil Rights Commission looked into the smelly pile of spoiled ballots and concluded that of the 179,855 ballots invalidated by Florida officials
53% were cast by black voters
In Florida a black citizen when 10 times is likely to have a vote rejected as a white voter
But let's not get smug about Florida's Jim Crow spoilage rate
Civil Rights Commissioner Christopher Edley recently appointed Dean of Volthaugh Hall School of Law UC Berkeley
Took the Florida study nationwide
His team discovered the uncomfortable fact that Florida is typical of the nation
Philip Klinger
The statistician working on the L-Edley investigations concluded it appears that about half of the all ballots spoiled in the USA
About a million votes were cast by non-white voters, how do you like that?
Oh my god!
The no count as the Civil Rights Commission calls it is no accident
In Florida for example I discovered that technicians had warned Governor Jeb Bush's office well in advance in November 2000 of the racial ban in the Volt-count procedures
Herein lies the problem
In a part-time Volt-counting system is far from politically neutral
Given that more than 90% of the black electorate votes democratic had all the spoiled votes been tallied
The girl would have taken Florida in a walk, it would have been a walk-off walk
Not to mention fattening is popular vote total nation-wide
It's not surprising that the first brother's team informed of a pending rejection of black ballots looked away and whistled
The ballot box blackout is not the monopoly of one party
Cook County Illinois is one of the nation's worst spoilage rates, that's not surprising
Boston is Democratic machine now his son survives by systematic disenfranchisement of Chicago's black vote
How can we fix it?
First let's shed a convenient excuse for votes for a lawyer such as a lack of voter education
One television that was stated as fact that Florida's black voters newly registered in lacking education had difficulty with their ballots
In other words blacks are too dumb to vote
This convenient racist excuse is dead wrong
After that disaster in Gadson, Florida public outcry forced the government to change that black counties procedures
To match that of white counties the result near zero spoilage in the 2002 election
Ballot design machines and procedures say statistician clinker control spoilage
In other words the vote counters not the voters are to blame
Politicians who choose the type of ballot and the method of counting have long fined to the spoilage rate that they're liking
It's about to get worse
The ill-named Help America Vodak signed by president Bush in 2002 is pushing computerization of the ballot box
California desertified some of the die-bold corpse digital ballot boxes
And response to fears that hackers can pick our next president
But the known danger of black box voting is that computers even with their software secure are vulnerable to low-text spoilage games
Polls opening late locked in votes votes lost in the ether
And once again the history of computer voting glitches has decidedly racial bias
Florida's Broward County grandly shifted to touchscreen voting in 2002
In white precincts all seem to go well
In black precincts hundreds of African Americans showed up at polls with machines down and votes that simply disappeared
Going digital won't fix the problem Canada and Sweden vote on paper ballots with little spoilage and without suspicious counts
In America a simple fix based on paper-balloting is resisted because unfortunately too many politicians who understand the racial bias in the votes
Forage game are its beneficiaries with little incentive to find those missing one million black voters ballots
I'm going to tell you if that doesn't frost your ass if that doesn't piss you off nothing will unless maybe lunch could spoil
Is that incredible or what?
So it's very credible
And you're talking about the land of the free in a home of the brave and all of a sudden bull crap all of this propaganda
All propaganda all the time man and you wonder why the rest of the world looks at us with a jaundiced eye
Tell you right now as you travel around they look at America with a jaundiced
Right and with good reason
The best elections that crooks can steal that's why jab called as brother there w three o'clock and a more and said don't worry you won
And people are wondering well how come they're reporting on television at the bush one no go or one no nobody knows
Don't pay that worry the fixes in that they wasn't the worry you won the message was the fixes in bro
So I'd yours press what a pathetic sorry sad ass excuse for voting that is but nevertheless
And then of course these two preams even Diana Ross she was too drunk to know that everything said oh yeah let's stop the count
Okay, I'm gonna play that today all right is there anything vulgar in here
If there is will I get to it I can't imagine okay he might he might say cool a couple of times that's all right
What's your take on Bill Clinton now that that book is out its investors rotten by it okay bill needs the money badly
He was much better than W 272 people said that 46.2% that's out of 588
He's the greatest 187 we love bubble we like to kiss him right on well not really 187 32%
He was an embarrassment 66 Mary, all amused not too happy about that 66 11.2% his ego is out of control look at that about 30 men
He has an iffy penis 16 I'll take your word for it
He's trying to upstage carry nine and he was weak only eight out of almost 600 votes. There's West Clark
You remember they were on television how angry here is your next vice president right there you know Dick Cheney had gone normally when people get captured
They do get roughed up a bit because there's a lot of tension people are afraid on both sides
But we've never condoned that treatment. I know it's happened. It's been wrong and it's wrong today
Here you go Westlake Clark your next vice president of the United States of America
You think he'll do he'll do just fine 12 minutes past known plus he's got a nice head of here
Even nicer than Wolflet's Creek who's getting that receding her line which is good anything bad that happens to Wolflet's Creek
I applaud that heartily okay. Oh another bunch of hair and other clumps just fell out
I think I'm putting this one instead
Okay, but there might be something some ros and let's see
Oh I'd like to know who won the election
Said I'd like to know who won the election
Count the vote count the vote lady count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote
Count the vote lady count the vote count the vote over count the vote
Emma says this presidential race began
Live up in wonder who was going to win
Some palm beach people went to do their voting chore
So pound up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too Patrick you can and boy
Oh my God
I'd like to know who won the election
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election
Count the vote count the vote lady count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote lady count the vote count the vote over count the vote
The final tabulation started coming in
Abu Gharram
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10
Some may repeat for a lot together in a bunch
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too Patrick you can and boy
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
So I'd like to know who won the election
Said I'd like to know who won the election
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election
Count the vote count the vote lady count the vote count the vote over count the vote
No, no, no
Count the vote count the vote count the vote over count the vote
I'm in a bush
I'm in a bush
I'm in a bush
I'm in a bush
I'm in a bush
I'm in a bush
He's not a pottymouth like that
We don't have to bleep out anything in his boots
Still, he said that you wanted to play it was clean
What's that?
The one you were going to play before that you were
Oh, stop the count?
I hate to break the news as much as I love a bush
I can't look abroad but I like that one better
Stop the count is all we're done
This floor is part of the sun
Stop the count is all we're done
Make sure that George keep on coming home over
This race is all over
Yeah
This race is all over
He'll roam around some day
I'm dying out of here
The count is part of the sun
This floor is part of the sun
Stop the count is part of the sun
Make sure that George keep on coming home
The most blatantly corrupt
and the fixed presidential election since 1960
went a whole bunch of people in Chicago
A bunch of dead people voted in Illinois
Thanks to Dick Daley
And Kennedy won the election based on Guess what stayed
Florida?
Illinois
So there we go the vote in Florida was totally bogus
And the votes all across the country is great
But last pointed out, millions probably more votes
that the Gorka had or at least hundreds of thousands
A very comfortable margin one hands down your pants
And in the meantime right in broad daylight
They stole it all as the goofballs they sent down from all over the place
From outside of the state all these interlopers
Pounding on those doors
Plot us in
And of course if Alex Penelas, Alex Penis and Pakenia
would have any balls
He would have made sure he was there
like armed state troopers
and armed in the National Guard
Whoever needed to be there to keep the interlopers out of there
So we could have a fair election
And didn't need to do a fine job for our Gork
You're a done Alex, you're a toast man
Maybe you can be out of Paul and Old Ron show
Because now you're a toast
You're pathetic
You're out of the closet
You've been exposed as the phony baloney that you are
The turncode
The Pandora
The Philanderer
Idiot
And by the way, how's all his friends at the airport doing?
567-0560
This is already Tuesday now you do understand
But we're only three days away from the big day you understand that
You can make people do anything if they're afraid
Pakenia is taking the action flows
All of the airports in the United States
All commercial and airline traffic was grounded
But we have some airplanes authorized at the highest levels of our government to pick up the son of bin Laden's family members to transport the motor to the country
In the middle of the world corporations decided to hold the crown
They figured out how much money to be made
Once that oil starts flowing it's going to be lots of money
Whatever it costs, that everyone would be
It's going to be good for business, bad for the people
Congressman?
I'm pretty good number of the Congress
There are good for shifts for the Muslim and the Army
And go over to arrest
The USA's Patriot Act allows researchers of medical and financial records
It gets law enforcement on some of the limited power
The way to the middle of the night is printed in the middle of the night
How could Congress have the Patriot Act said I was leaving reading it?
Sit down nicely
We don't read most of the bills
No one read it
The Congress is trying to warn the USA to be free
The English law
The court wants its power
Congressman?
To the streets of small town America
To the front lines
This is an impressive crowd to have
And to have more
Some people call you dearly
I call you my base
It comes the true story
That will make you a temperature rise
I call upon all nations
And we're everything they can
To stop these terrorist killers
Thank you
Now watch this drive
This Friday at the theater near you
Fahrenheit 9-11 and Ray Bradbury
You're right, can kiss everybody's ass including Michael Morse fat ass
Yeah, Ray you're an idiot
You never wrote anything worthwhile in the first place
As if you know made the comment the other day
About like Michael Donald Trump wants to uh he wants to copyright the word the expression you're fired
As if he invented it
As if Ray Bradbury invented the word Fahrenheit
Stick it up your can okay Ray
And Shakespeare is going to sue him for that something wicked line
Exactly
He invented the word Fahrenheit my ass
At any rate so the movie comes out Friday
No, no seriously
Rather than go out and spend 35 bucks to buy the Clinton memoirs
Which some of you will anyway but
Much easier than wasting your eyesight
A 975 pages of stuff
Just go see the movie for a couple of hours
For like what six seven bucks
Alright
As a matter of fact I want on Friday don't forget I want to make sure that you get the uh
Because I don't think I can get it here online and it's much easier anyway
Get the uh Suns Central
Into where the hero and we'll uh
Give the locations of all the places where the movie is playing
It'll be here it'll be in Toronto
It'll be all over North America starting this Friday
And then whatever theaters it is not but at Friday
It'll be the following Friday July 2
Whatever a market
You're gonna go see it right?
Yeah several times
As a matter of fact Josh is gonna go see part of it but then he's probably got a ball game to do with the Dave
So he's gonna do a walkoff appearance at the movie
Yeah
A walkoff disappearance
Right just kind of like Renee Lasvy
Did they walk away a walkoff uh Renee appearance
Maybe I should play that too since I'm playing all this good stuff
It's amazing that we're finding things that we can actually play still
Okay just a couple of seconds to listen to you
We're just gonna be whole so
Just go to bed
Walkoff Renee please
And when you're switching pictures
Cost us the game
It's clear that as a manager
You are quite great
Absolutely
Yeah do a walkoff
He did thank goodness for that
Jack McCann just turned 175
He still got his marbles together
From 26 at 5.60 WQM
Emerald coast wants you just like Uncle Sam
Or you'll have a much better time with him believe me
This is no ordinary Asian buffet
The service is impeccable
And you'll never leave with an empty stomach
You'll walk out just hold on your puppet
You'll be having a big smile on your puts
Emerald coast are presumed as you sensational mouthwatering fishes
Six different delicious soups
Dozens and zillions of succulent on phrase
Including New York's skip made a order at their sizzling Asian grill
The brand new Hoon on a fish
Enjoy main lobster, thermometer style, Jonah Krab
Oysters on a half shell
I'm getting choked up just thinking about it
They've got hand-car primer cooked just the way you like it
They're brand new Thai specialties too
They've got a full salad bar, a full Chinese food lot of
They're brand new sushi bar and coarse fresh
Siyun cocktail
Scream
And don't forget no headaches, no MSG
Because they don't use MSG at the Emerald coast
No corn starts, no crap
They cook everything only with the best cholesterol free oils
And the dessert station, incredible featuring brews and waffles
Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings
Even a fresh fruit you can't be to with a stick
Emerald coast, relocations for you
They're in sunrise, sunnets, pemberpines
Let him do the cooking for the whole family
Take them all right now or book your next business lunch and right away
This copy still says Father's Day by the way
Whose account is this?
Don't know
We don't know
See that's another thing
How about if we put that on a copy so kneeling
Everybody can know who the hell it is
And anybody who cares who's, yeah right
Anyway, let Emerald coast cook up a storm for you
Take out delivery always available
They're voted number one
But as you get restaurant reviews and WSVN news is self-flowed
As best Asian buffet and they got their thumb right on
Believe you me, they're unbeatable
The Emerald coast Chinese buffet for information or directions
Called 954-572-3822-954-572-3822
We're support radio 5cc
2am
If I have a towel
Have 560-WQ-A-S
What now on X-H-Hollyline
Bill, congratulations on your new book and the tour
Thank you. One chapter talks about how after you and Mr. Lewinsky
Hillary got a scissors and what did she do to your thing
Cut and pass
Wow, what a job she has done
How long has it been like that?
For five years now. Is it totally useless?
There are things that it doesn't do that I wish you did
Have you tried to have sex?
I have tried once and it didn't work
Wow, is by-egger work?
No, it doesn't work
Do they have the technology to make it work again?
I don't have any idea but I hope it will happen sometime in my life
From 32 we still hate pedal-brandon
And to show 666 looking to votes on that poll
Is your 666 as a minor?
Elante Gleisto reloading
Incredible
What's your take on Bill Clinton?
He was much better than W304-45.6
344
He's the greatest tour in 1532.2
That's 77.7% and 666 votes
How do you like that? And I've toured you 999 million times
He was an embarrassment 78 people said that almost 12%
How embarrassing
His ego is out of control 33
He has a nifty penis 18
I'm sure they've all seen it
He's trying to upstage carry 10 and he was weak only 8
He was polarizing either loved and merated him just like the one we got now
Although the one we got now even much too a greater degree
Maybe this one is the most polarizing president in history
At least in history of my life
Yeah, I mean you got this small core of right wing religionist Bible thumpers Spazholes
Who just anything he does
Yes sir he did oh heads
And then of course the rest of us who just hate him like poison
In fact I'm much in certainly not news right now
And I see that BBB brain Netanyahu on there
And I'm thinking to myself, Bartcher
Like to see his head on a plate
Oh yeah, kosher
Yeah kosher of course it would have to be a flasher plate
Only for the meat products
Stuart Collins and the nation rights by way of deception speaking of a Fahrenheit 9-11
Which comes out this Friday June 25th of the theater near you
He says not the judgment of film critics
But the passage of time will decide whether Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11 can change the world
Change of course is the whole purpose
Whatever satisfaction Moore derives from his ever mounting income and awards
He clearly will consider this picture's success only if it helps drive George W. Bush from office
Voters will write the real review
I can really fill time until November with the thought that Fahrenheit 9-11 might be interesting as a movie after it's done its work as politics
As with any good polemic and this is an excellent one
You sit in the theater thinking of how someone else would respond
Some imaginary undecided in the swing state or perhaps your uncle maxed the Republican
You know much monitor your own reactions
But then as you leave the movie house you might notice that the sidewalk chatter sounds oddly muffled
The traffic looks a little blurred as you begin to realize that your attention does not come outside with you
It's still in the dark struggling with the feelings that
Fahrenheit 9-11 called up and didn't resolve
Are you outraged, heartbroken, vengeful, more amorose, gloating, thoughtful, electrified?
Moore has elicited all these emotions and then had the nerve the filmmakers nerve to leave you to sort them out
I think there are two bundles of messages in Fahrenheit 9-11
One political and one emotional and while the first is about as ambiguous as a call to take up pitch force and torches and storm the castle
The second is too complex to one settle those in power
It works to one settle you
It's what makes Fahrenheit 9-11 a real movie
For clarity's sake then let's start with the politics
The films bill of particulars against Bush and also against the Democratic leadership which in Moore's view has colluded most shamefully in the Miss Rule the World now suffers
The prologue to Fahrenheit 9-11 revisits Bush's rise to power in late 2000
Thing particular attention, the hunched posture of the Democrats who let him step on their backs
Here are Dick Ebbhardt and Tom Dashel, counseling acceptance of the non-election
And here's Al Gore mildly officiating over the Senate session that legitimized the theft of his presidency
For the first time in Fahrenheit 9-11 but certainly not the last, Moore tells his story through borrowed but decidedly non-stock footage
Which you most likely have not seen before in this case the scene of members of the House all of them African-American coming forward to contest the election
While Gore calmly rules their objections inadmissible because no senator not one would satisfy congressional rules by signing on of them
Moore's antagonist being Republican mocoeasy on them
Their attached will note out a clue the charge that his film is Democratic Party propaganda
You can understand from the preceding the flimsyness of this accusation although it's true that Moore spares his decide of one notable Democrat John Kerry voting to authorize Bush to start a war on his own say so at any time that suited him
But enough of Democratic male fizzens who is the sage of Crawford that he may choose for us between life and death
Moore answers in part with more footage you probably haven't seen until now a substantial portion of video tape from the morning of September 11, 2001 when Bush and his handlers staged a photo op at an elementary school in Florida
After an aide whispered to him that a second airplane at Structle World Trade Center Bush set in place for seven minutes pretending to read a book titled My Pet Goat
Have you ever before had a chance to study a space on that morning has anything other than this movie made you feel the unendurable length of his inaction?
What do you suppose he was thinking all that time as he stared in the space?
Moore himself asked that last question on the soundtrack as a way of opening a biographical digression about Bush, his family and their business interests
This section of the film will particularly incense Moore's attackers will pronounce on him the dependable slew of conspiracy theorists so I digress to my own
Moore ledges no conspiracies he merely says that Bush has motives beyond those he's willing to state. To make this case, Moore begins by showing that the Bush family in general and George W. in particular have received laver support over the years from the Saudi elite including the bin Laden's and have offered valuable help and turn
Unlike the actualities footage that Moore uses in the film these facts are now by now widely known although it was news to me that Prince Banda the Saudi ambassador had dined with Bush at the White House on September 13, 2001 not news to us
In speculating about this dinner and about the subsequent air lifting out of the United States of more than a hundred Saudis when everyone else was grounded, Moore goes only so far as to say that the overwhelmingly Saudi make up of the 9-11 attack teams could have proved embarrassing to Bush
He would not have wanted journalists just then to begin looking into his personal ties to Saudi interests or to ask whether any useful information had emerged from the two dozen bin Laden's would have been in the country and whom he soon spirited away without the indignity of the questioning
Nothing conspiratorial about that the worst you can reasonably say of the section of the film is that it gives more the opportunity for one of his men on the street pranks
He films himself and Craig Unger off through the book house of Bush House of Saud in front of the Watergate complex in Washington directly across the street from the Saudi Embassy a choice of location that ensures interruption
Sure enough, onto the scene drive car loads of secret service agents who just want to ask politely why a film crew is working on this spot
The agents move off readily enough when given the answer although one of them seems a bastard more blind than there was his punch line
I didn't realize the secret service guards for an embassies in fact reasonable people may find this to be the best part of the session
So there you go, it's your what you're apt to have a little bit right?
It's what?
And you'll have like this even better released for the time being until Friday
Walmart versus 1.6 million female workers judge certifies sex discrimination case against number one retailer
I saw an ad by the way yesterday on TV here that I just about peed my pants
It was for Walmart's spaghetti sauce
Yeah, that's not the name of it, but they had their own brand and they showed that the guys are talking about all the lengths they go to when the tomatoes and I thought it was like I got confused about who the spot was for
And show enough they showed all the different kinds of sauces on the shelves there at a Walmart and it was Walmart
They make their own sauce. I can't imagine what they put in it. I bet Josh Beckett knows it's in there. It's in there.
It's in there Josh. In fact, he probably washed his hands with it right now
At Walmart, he's their kind of guy
20 to 1 at 560 W to Q. A. M. is your company suffering from regulations that increase labor costs
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management
Or just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help you business be more profitable call Oasis outsourcing two day for a free evaluation at 1 866 at Oasis
Oasis the toll free call 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management
Outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to the folks that Oasis outsourcing
So let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable if you like a free no obligation evaluation just call that toll free number 1 866 at Oasis
at 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing
I'll e-pop little boy
I know about the press CIA make judgments that they now regret
fall to anti terrorism policies we just need more answers from the land who's key we need to know we need to know
what push knew about 911 we need to know we need to know we need to know what push knew about 911 we need to know
So the air post says air america hits our ratings note but I haven't been able to print the story out yet I'll do it during the next break just keep that in mind
so they got a little bit of good news on the one hand is that they're not stone as broke yet and on the other hand we'll have to give that story
we don't want to pre-judge doing I mean I wish Randy all the luck in the world but other than that that whole deal is just it was doomed from the start it was like Roby Young said you're doomed
is he still my phone booth yeah the federal judge today said a lawsuit can proceed against Walmart ink
and what may be the biggest civil rights class action suit in US history as the company faces allegations that discriminated against female workers
oh look at the poll they're taking on the CNN money I better check that out too is Walmart too big for its own good is there any down there oh yeah
US district court judge martin Jenkins and San Francisco certified the class of about 1.6 million women who work for a Walmart US
stores at any time since the 726 1998 attorneys for the sickly plaintiffs said if we have any women out there used to work for Walmart you might get some cash
how many women we got listening the lawsuit filed in 2001 accuses the largest US private sector employer of discriminating against women employees
and retaliating against those who complained Walmart said it would appeal the decision and said the ruling has absolutely nothing to do with the merits of the case
right oh Walmart stock is down to bucks six good Walmart stocks saying 2.1% after the ruling and heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange where it was around today's most active issues
Walmart is previously denied a pattern discrimination and said that the number of men and management reflects the higher number of applications it receives from men for management positions lawyers for the plaintiffs said 70% of Walmart's hourly employees are female
but women hold fewer than 15% of store management positions Walmart faces dozens of lawsuits claiming violations of wage in our laws and discrimination but analysts think this one in particular could prove costly for Walmart the concern is the potential impact on earnings growth said James Luke
who manages the large company growth fund BB and TSM management Walmart may have to change the way they do business ultimately it could add to their cost structure miserable cheap grave robbing bastards that they are
boy do we hate Walmart or why yeah a lot of spies speaking of a gigantic let's get to Rasputin's penis all right St. Petersburg Russia I got this email from you yesterday been hold sitting on it very uncomfortable
oh boy get a cushion in a more innocent age it was said that Gregory Elham if LL I'll say to you Gregory FM of it so I can read it just at the F and the I read Gregory FM of it's Rasputin's legendary powerful women was due to his piercing eyes
but a new museum of a rock they her suggested the mad monks charme instead of been concealed beneath his casak and you can see that by the way in the a jar on our website behind the media curtain of course we don't want to have no penises there like you know for little kids to see measuring 28.5 centimeters about 11 inches
oh my god allowing for shrinkage caused by pickling well if they pickled your penis it would probably shrink too
the tongue twister you can make out of that yeah bad Rasputin's penis displayed in a tall glass bottle is to put it delicately a big attraction at the museum boys this uh who where's this strong oh I got it yeah director Igor Knazkin said he bought the object from a French
uh antiquarian for $8,000 along with several Rasputin's handwritten letters are he is he sure he wrote it but with hand his hand
and was not not all yet significant of authenticity for such a remarkable piece right reputed both for his mysticism and his debauchery Rasputin was a powerful influence at the court of the Roman off-sars
considered about the unusual hold over the Empress Alexandra Guilford Restercraft decided to kill him to save Russia they lured him to an assassination in 1916
oh an assassination whatever the hell I just fed him drug cake shot him and finally killed him by wrapping him into carpet throwing him in the frozen niva river sounds like an assassination to me the aura of sexual power mysticism lizan some Russians think just by staring at the object they can cure sexual impotence one visitor accident Knazkin if this is true without a shadow without he replied with a smile
maybe Bob Dole ought to go there and take a few catty think couldn't hurt the Chinese might like it to I don't think the Chinese are impotent based on the Abillion Chinese people are always making comments to me about the Chinese and their tiny little whatever right but the fact of the matter is they must where there's a
Wilders away in Ormstein what do they keep eating ground up right oh horn and tiger parts well maybe they want to make two billion people who now knows ask them did Ashcroff be hit an innocent man in Ohio election terror scan this is such a great article I'm gonna have to read it all
maybe about to take some calls first you think why not I don't want to do all of this reading here but I just have like stuff that I feel the spirit of Christ compels me Harvey Wasserman and Bob Petrackis co-authors of George W. Bush versus the superpower of peace
this is so beautiful and again all these things that are being done the timing of them all to try to distract us and throw us off the scent kind of like a chasing the foxes with a hounds W. Q. A. M. Hello hey Nia how you doing pretty good
Hey I'm just want to let the listeners know you can go on movie tickets dot com right click on the Fahrenheit 9 11 link and then put in your zip code and it is spit out all the theaters near you that are showing the movie
alright excellent yeah and I'm going to see it cocoa walk 10 o'clock on Friday night and I'm bringing the girlfriend who voted for W in the 2000 election with me well you get you get you're convinced you're with the movie you're locker up on election day one of the other well I told the bitch if you vote for him again she's history wouldn't maybe her head would look and I'll play too think about it every day pali
all right no problem there you go Friday this Friday June 25th Fahrenheit 9 11 okay forget about wasting all that money on the Clinton book unless of course you're loaded which in the spread it around and he could use it you have to feed that dog he's doing fine is he doing just fine oh we're fine
what the Clintons tell us they're doing just fine Hillary still a swill in all that money in from her book and he's making all these speeches making a big big serious box I just I don't know I'm just a little bit I have mixed emotions about this whole thing
but at least we're seeing some Democrat out there because we sure still are not seeing Carrie which may not be all bad when you come right down to it he's looking really maybe here like a second wind you know what I mean we'd make a
salad in the old days yeah he's getting a second wind you can just in your own mind imagine I hear I was thinking about this the other day not for a long for about five seconds but just I want the public to stop and think about this here we've got all these horrendous things going on in the world we've got all these lunatic terrorists chopping people's heads off we've got
hundreds of Americans who are dying in a war that was based on a pack of lies we've got thousands of people in the country that we supposedly are liberating or dying who'd still be alive otherwise and what is the US government worried about if we play fart sounds on the radio how many times have I said
about 30 men that the government treats all of you people like you're a bunch of little children in a sandbox and of course in some cases they might be right based on a lot of people we hear from but that's generally the way they treat the public like you're a bunch of little children
now speaking of John ascroft while the major media screams about the latest be hitting in the Middle East John ascroft destruction of a man in the middle west likely for political purposes has gone unnoticed the gasly court appearance in Columbus Ohio of
Naredin Abdi is underscored to hide likely hood that the Bush administration used variations of torture to break this in proper Somali immigrant and his dubious dubious indictment may well have been used to overshadow a campaign visit here by John Kerry no Republican is ever won a white house without carrying Ohio
on Monday June 14 the eve of Kerry's two day visit here attorney general ascroft dramatically sees national headlines by unsealing a four month old four-count indictment of Abdi a Somali native living in Columbus
even more dangerous than Rimmer the American heartland was targeted for death and destruction by an al-Qaeda cell allegedly which included a Somali immigrant who will now face justice ascroft posted
ascroft failed to point out that Abdi had been in custody since November 28 2003 federal investigators claim Abdi allegedly bred that he wanted to blow up a mall but according to CBS news.com no specific mall was targeted no explosives were in hand and it was unclear that the alleged terrorist had the world with all to do it anyway
Abdi faces up the 80 years in prison and a million dollars in fines according US immigration records Abdi first entered the US in 1995 resided in Canada then re-ended the US in August 97 a
Official statements say the US granted Abdi asylum as a refugee in January 99 after Abdi gave false information to immigration officials
his November 2003 arrest was on immigration charges he's been held in prison under extremely dubious circumstances
he was not formally charged with terrorism his family could not see him and heard little from him he had no legal representation
last week ascroft charged Abdi with plotting to blow up an unnamed shopping mall in central Ohio
these super high findings immediately followed embarrassing new revelations about the administration's use of torture
and came just before John Kerry's campaign appearance in the capital of this crucial swan state
Kerry raised a record two million dollars in his two days no Ohio
ascroft says that while in prison Nauradan Abdi claimed to have gone to Mecca on a pilgrimage but instead went to Ethiopia for terrorist training
and a BBC interview Abdi's brother Abdi Aziz said Nauradine is not into Ethiopia he hasn't been to Mecca either
Federal magistrate Mark Abel ordered Abdi transferred to a federal psychiatric facility to determine if he's mentally confident
the evidence used to determine magistrate Abel's decision remains sealed
here's how ABC's Peter Jennings described the public announcement of Abdi's indictment
in Washington today the attorney general said that Al-Qaeda has been planning to blow up a shopping mall in Ohio
John Ascroft went before the cameras to say that a man from Somalia currently US custody is at the heart of this plan
over the last three years Mr. Ascroft has made several dramatic announcements about terrorist plots in the US
and it's hard to verify them because the evidence is held in such secrecy
in court Abdi looked nothing like a terrorist or his former self his family in the larger Somalic community here were horrified to see
Abdi enter the courtroom smiling vacantly and failing to recognize his own brother
apparently unconscious of his surroundings Abdi banged his head repeatedly on the table and grinned at nothing
many who know Abdi in the center of Ohio community say the vague sensational charges against him are absurdly out of character
no photos have emerged of abuse in prison but Abdi's new attorney is family in the community who knew him find little else to conclude
some say he apparently lost his mind while under the condition of his incarceration
the four count indictment returned by a federal grand jury in Columbus centers around charges that Abdi conspired with Lyman, Ferris and others to blow up an unidentified shopping mall
Ferris is serving 20 years in prison for allegedly planning but take no actual action to sabotage the Brooklyn Bridge
Ferris's family says he has had a long standing struggle with mental difficulties
Ferris was held in prison for several months before suddenly being fingered as a high-profile terrorist
the Bush administration says Ferris visited the Brooklyn Bridge and tried to buy equipment to aid in an alleged al-Qaeda attack
Ferris and Abdi attended the same mosque in Columbus home to more than 30,000 Somalis it's the second largest Somali community in the West after Minneapolis
the Somali community here is met on mass about the Abdi indictment
it's been quick to point out the mistake the government made in the November 8, 2001 World Headlines
telling a Bush crackdown on financial networks alleged that the title was some of been loved
among those arrested in a much-hide Columbus raid was Somali businessman Hassan Hussein owner of Veracott Enterprise Inc
a financial transfer business at the end of August 2002 the US Treasury Department quietly moved to Hussein
and two other Somali individuals from its list of alleged supporters of terrorism and dropped all charges against them
Hussein's lawyer Kevin O'Brien told reporters after the charges were dropped
that I wish the government would just come out and say we screwed up and apologize for 10 months we asked them to produce proof and out once that they produced one shred of information
Somali asked were Ted Dany of the Congressional Research Service in Washington DC called the government to assist in closed down Barraquette
a major blunder based on junk intelligence like our invasion of Iraq same thing
at least were consistent the BBC reported that 60% of all Somali ins used Veracott financial services to send money back home
local attitude toward the arrest of bond with skepticism
one June 19th called it a local talk show charge as crop with targeting unstable Somali men to whip up fear and tension in the heartland
I think that these Somali community are just easy fodder for Mr. Ashcroff
they said they're black they make it very easy they're powerless as well
I also think that it had something to do with Kerry's Columbus appearance too they induce his fear and panic reminding us the course that bushes in control
it puts Kerry's visit on the back burner
Adian Ferris might normally prove to be terrorists but so far they seem just hapless patsys their minds and spirits broken in bush hug
in a bush Ashcroff Gulag more reminiscent of Stalin Soviet Union and Sodom's
Abu Gharrayb been a nation covered by the rule of law
the real source of terror here may be that this is precisely the kind of treatment and store for countless innocent Americans or foreign-born bystanders
the badger terrorism can always be pinned on defenseless marginalized people broken in the horrors of a prison system
unconstrained by the Geneva Convention or the Bill of Rights
give motion other four years and it could happen to you
so let's just not do it what are you saying?
all right let's not give another four years
all right sounds like a plan to me but if you're not Somali what do you got to worry about?
that's true of course they're black so you know let them lose their vote
the water took to the water
103 at 560 W.Q.M. the South Korean hostages has been beheaded
yeah that'd be bad
that'd be bad he's been beheaded he was pleading and screaming like come save me do something I want to live but no way Jose
encouraging preliminary ratings for all liberal-era american New York have collapsed along with the fledgling radio never finances
oh my god today's New York post and on official extrapolation of arbitrage data released last Friday which
air-americas host crote about last month of virtual ignored yesterday show W.L.I.B.
ratings dropping back to their lowly levels before the Nets April launch
didn't we say that that in the beginning there's always like this you know fascination and a lot of publicity
and a lot of whoblon and we'll see if it sticks evidently not not yet
arbitrage on Carson station and advertisement not to read too much into this inter-remunfully data
but they didn't stop air america star al franken from boasting last month they'd beaten W.A.B.C.'s
worse limbaugh among 25 to 54 year-old listers chased by radio advertisers instead of ratings yesterday franken discussed the Wall Street Journal article
that provided frightening details about alleged phantom finances including purported promises of major backing from liberal moneybags Normand Leary and Larry David
they resulted in a near complete shakeup of air-americas executive suite last month
according to the article many air-america investors stopped the network and raised 30 million dollars
but in fact only six million have been raised before the network launched
we have a new influx of cash coming up said franken is contract promises more than a million a year according to the journal
I'm being paid now we told this yesterday have been paid for weeks
franken took issue with Fox News Channel's bill O'Reilly for interviewing a reporter last week who said
air-america investors have been throwing money down a rat hole
Fox News Channel lost 150 million its first two years franken said that was a much bigger rat hole than our rat hole
air-america president john sit in who declined comment through his spokesman yesterday told the post in April that
it would be unfair to make too many judgments too soon
it takes a long time to develop talk radio audience he said echoing the sentiments of many talk radio experts
this is a long-term project
the lofty network the lefty network rather was aimed to lofty the lefty network which hopes to counter the
election year influence of high rated conservative talk radio is still without affiliates in Los Angeles
and Chicago after noisy disputes over station lease payments except for near WLIB
its 15 affiliates are in medium to small markets as in small potatoes
good luck to them they'll need it
let's get a lot of calls in here this last hour right
right that's good
hundreds how's Jeff I do and is he still alive
we only can hope
and those of you who wish can pray pray for Jeff I pray for his pacemaker
pray for his gourmet chef to cook up the right things
how much he's eating right now
remember remember when they had the prize closet of power and kept breaking into it they had all those candy bars
yeah I was shortly after he first got hired at QAM
that all these boxes of cartons of candy bars
and somehow either got the key or he just like busted his back home into the door and knocked it down
and he just could break it in there and steal all the candy bars
it's a sickness baby it's the sugar red action you're talking to an expert right now believe you me
it's a sugar red action sugar kills more powerful and heroin more powerful and a white powder
more powerful and anything ever known to man
even superman it is powerful is that this is the real white powder
as you cod as your good friend would say see that cruise
by the way don't forget to see the cruise hour starts tomorrow 8 to 10
I think we'd have a better chance with that lead and then bow and guilty and oh and whatever we got now
WDQAM hello
yeah yes sir
I got a little spot report on Joe Rosenfeller
yeah
he on the Saturday morning show he said this is Greg Reed's quote that he go to anger management class
did you hear anything like that?
no it was on the spot 10 30 on the Saturday morning he was talking about it
yeah
that Greg Reed need some for him to go to anger management class
well what does that mean?
that I guess he ain't getting paid
well no ticking no washi baby that's why he's not on this week and if Greg Reed don't get him straight
down man here's this guy
seriously how Greg Reed continues to maintain that job he must have naked pictures of all of the beesleys you know
he must have Carolyn doing a billy goat
got to I'm talking about Carolyn Beasley that is
had a clarify that fast didn't I?
oh I'm sorry I have a space to see
yeah I bet you were reading some porn
yeah
I mean how can this man continue surviving he keeps screwing up screw up and no matter how many times he screws up
he still comes and he falls into a bucket of stuff you know every time
I think it's that horseshoe you keep talking
and then no matter how many times he does that then he manages to find another way to screw it up again
just like when it looks like we got it all straight now
here comes Greg to screw it up again man this guy is just amazing
I bet you if they if duck took in his personal
productologist they would find 50 horseshoes 185 four leaf clovers and got only those what up inside his
who knows what maybe Richard Gears lucky durable could be in there too
do you remember he used to have a gerbil named lucky
oh it was so lucky maybe that blind dog is in there too the one that's blind deaf and dumb and with three legs
oh god Greg get your sign a quick dick and around
oh I didn't say that did I no I didn't hear that
oh fight once that's a different thing 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon world as a matter of fact now that I think of it we actually can say that
once or twice what WQA am hello good afternoon ill
yes sir good afternoon
it's called my attention that the disciples are now
facts things
we're going to go back to the job will not have to go out
oh geez like I said you won't be on the air again
I decided that during the vacation okay there's no way that that crowd is going to be on the air again
if you know once in a while if we want to drop in a qd of our own here on this end like
you're gay yeah that would be good
first the first word I heard sounded like the phoniest voice ever heard my life and I thought well you know
then it was I'm in a good mood and it was
forget about it okay go find another show go lease them time here I'll wax you they got plenty of time to sell
go lease some of the time I know is a make believe on WF all A L L whatever that is fall radio
WQA am hello how you doing Neil pretty good
the thing is that's not me yeah huh we know WQA am hello
Neil yes sir how are you pretty good you got the greatest idea you do your show from
another country and another land yeah all the crap these people just want to kill each other
and all the arts with Howard Davis he is the instigator he is and don't say dick anymore
wow they are in a frenzy now aren't they they wouldn't well when they know they're going to get their water cut off
man what's the only start like getting Josh Beckett disease who knows what they're going to be drinking next
5 6 7 0 5 60 these are good I told you let's get a lot of great calls this last hour not building up
pulled they because the police weren't put your back on get told you on anything
retire right we haven't had that quite a while yet and you want to know why they're starting to get nervous
with a summertime deal coming I mean they liked you a lot last week but you know after a couple of weeks
of that the sniffing ass WQA am hello hey Neil yes sir I wish I was on hold for all these dumps that are going on
oh yeah even even in the QMT room they never has many dumps right regarding the 2000 election
results yes have you ever talked about database technologies and the voter purge list yes
oh okay I just saw a documentary called unprecedented and it just it nails it
it blows your mind right yeah so I mean the fix was in long before the account was stopped or any of that
you know no question about it unbelievable all right but you know something even even
with the fix being in before the vote was the given even with that if they would have kept counting he still
at a loss sure that's why they had to get the supreme's in there Diana Ross in the token Thomas that whole bunch
right good luck with pali well it's it's just a man you can have race rides over stuff like this you know what I mean
I'll see you at the border yep later you know I got this spot for Brandy's here I'm sure that there's a tag
because every week they have a great special sale of Brandy's but we don't have any tag for this week
and I have a feeling that Troy Astratford may have been a kid after something it's not over anymore
we have one for last week Troy yeah but we don't have one for this week that's my point last week was last week
this week is this week do we have one for this week Troy who's account is it now Berkeley oh well forget about that
she is whoever I never never never know you've never had she's alright but what it means she's alright
she may be the nicest person maybe she like you know sniffs your armpits or whatever but she shares how they do no job on these accounts
we got Emerald Coast to and Father's Day spots we got Brandy shoes with no tag we got that one that you know about that I only want
to mention on the year that's become a major project because Todd Rick is a Mongolian idiot
and in the meanwhile muff is a back there playing grab ass with clearance in the programming office and none of this stuff is getting
not that that's their job but if we're going to let screw and handle it forget about that she's too busy handling other things
Roy and then once you heard about that brass mutant picture well forget about today she's busy
yeah one 13 at five sixty WQM when you shop for quality footwear great selection and professional service
the only place to take those feet is Brandy shoes and pompano beats they've been doing it right for years and years and years
at Brandy's who find the largest selection of men's and women shoes the best service and the best prices in town
at Brandy's you find the top names in the shoe business or what's not to like they got them all they got rock ports
floor shim s a s spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more it would Brandy's humongous selection you can just about
bet Berkeley's life on it that whatever you need is in stock right now ready to slap on your feet for men ladies
in between find out why most of Brandy's customers not just keep coming back but usually by several pair or is that
pairs on each visit the store because you can't beat the prices and the selection to Brandy's is open
daily Monday through Saturday nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and this week they got a great special on
go ahead and check out the this week Brandy's there at 1290 North Federal Highway and pompano beats always worth a trip
be sure in town that old Berkeley's inch of my
life and local this is for 205 city
oh my god it's a severed head
yes severed head the new fad that's sweeping an ancient everyone who's anyone has got a severed head
and if you think it's not for you then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a
satisfied severed head customer okay that makes six hundred twenty three dollars for all your Halloween candy
well six hundred and twenty three dollars isn't that a lot for a bag of candy?
well it's our finest mixture you do get the caramel corn balls the tap yoke a sugar daddy's and the juice filled wax pumpkins
well I guess it is a good deal except for this severed head of the middle of the Zagnot bar sweet but jeez
I'm so sorry please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free
you'd better yes a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts in freebies worldwide so pick up yours today
and remember if it's not dead it's not severed head
don't forget this summer when you have a really desperate day for a pool yeah what would you rather have as a souvenir a severed head or a
a rest-button's penis well which one goes on the end of a keychain better
and a racking militant group has beheaded its South Korean hostage LZ a Jazeera TV reports today the Pan Arab station said
it received a videotape I wonder how long before we'll get to see it five video tape showing that Kim Sun eel had been executed
Kim 33 worked for a South Korean company supplying the US military in Iraq and was abducted last week according to the South Korean government
LZ a Jazeera which had not broadcast the tape said the execution was carried out by the al-Qaeda link group monotheism and jihad
oh what a great combination news of the beheading reached the White House in the midst of a briefing by spokesman Scott McClellan who was not aware of the report
that would be horrible news he said there simply is no justification isn't that a great response
there was simply no justification for those kinds of atrocities that the terrorist carry out as if somebody would say oh yes there's a justification you're wrong
God what an idiot we've seen some of the barbaric nature of the terrorist recently when it comes to an American citizen that was killed in Saudi Arabia
it's a reminder of the true nature of the terrorist right the only hijack four and they were going to hijack ten planes if they could but the deal fell through
four planes in fluid buildings one got taken over and flown to the ground and killed 3,000 people
but now we're fighting out that they're barbaric in their lunatics which is all the more reason why not a single one of you ought to accept the fact that we've been spending these billions of dollars for the last year plus
invading a country that we have no business or rating that was not a hotbed of terrorism that wasn't a threat to us instead of using that money to go find Osama Yamama and all these other Saudi lunatic killers
really interesting how you know how with lazy we are and going after these Saudis in it you don't think that there's some connection there do you not that I'm not that I'm paranoid you understand that what they ever did right not much
when they're in took over the oil fields and decided that they were other rulers set up a whole bunch of religions to the schools for all and then turn everybody into religious nut all the shlippers that are living they're living like peasants
remember that remember the show on 60 minutes with the chic a year or two ago which one the one where he was looking at the stock market and they were all coming there to kiss his ring old yeah remember that yeah
sickening they're disgusting they're the scum of the earth and because they got all that OIL our guarantee right now they didn't have all that OIL we just blow them off the mat tomorrow just just get it over with for fun
and the world would be a much more beautiful place high court sides with HMO's to limit patients right to sue we got a couple of supreme thing here by the way don't count any more votes
patients cannot sue health maintenance organizations under state law refusing to pay for doctor recommended care they supreme court rule yesterday in the decision that could affect millions of Americans in other words screw you guys
the justice is unanimously ruled that in 1974 a federal law the employer retirement income security act completely preempted such lawsuits brought in state court by patients who seek damages from their HMO's over the denial of medical care
the state laws have become important as Congress is failed to adopt national legislation that would allow patients to sue their health maintenance organization and a federal court for medical malpractice
the supreme court decision involved a law in president bush's home state of Texas that allowed patients to sue HMO's over their medical treatment the court's decision has election year political overtones
Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said the ruling showed a need for a national law to hold HMO's accountable for decisions that harm patients by denying necessary care
Democrats criticized the West Justice Department for opposing the Texas law before the high court
they said Bush was Texas governor when the law took effect in 97 had supported it during his 2000 presidential campaign
the decision was a victory for insurers which have warned that allowing the lawsuits would drive up health care cost millions of Americans participated in the employer provided HMO health
plans governed by the 1974 federal law at least nine other states have lost some of the Texas one Arizona California Georgia main New Jersey North Carolina Oklahoma
Washington and West Virginia and doing their right mind would ever want to be in West Virginia
now I think I would I think a West Virginia two things Charlestown racetrack and coal miners getting black lung disease
right that does to the only two things I think about when I think a West Virginia I can't remember if I was ever in West Virginia I think I drove through it real fast
yeah just like Delaware if you ever get to Delaware drive through their real fast for it
court rejects Jenny Jones case appeal and rightfully so by the way the Supreme Court rejected an appeal Monday from the family of a guest murder days after a minute
a secret crush on another man during the taping of the Jenny Jones show the family of Scott Amidr won a 29.3 million dollar award against Warner Brothers
and the talk show but the decision was later thrown out a Michigan appeals court ruled against the family last year
and in the appeal of the Supreme Court the family claimed that the Michigan judges were biased and should have disqualified themselves from the case
a lawsuit stem from Amidr is death in 1995 actor three days after he appeared on the show with Jonathan Schmitz
Amidr revealed as attraction to Schmitz during the taping of the show in Chicago the show never aired Schmitz is now serving a 25 to 50 year prison sentence for second to be murdered
yeah I won't find any factory there no let me say it again what's it to you none you've been this forget about it
yeah I asked I asked more who he was getting ready on the side you know he said got about it right he's got that lovely wife that he loves so
jelly and puts up with his crap which is she's got to be really a princess why shouldn't use that word
she has to she has to must have the patience of a job because how can anybody put up with his crap like morning noon and night in
the sack you think you think that he has to take that piece off before he enters the sack he has a
technical special sack where he gets hides it special pieces got to put on take it to peace 803 votes what's your take on Bill Clinton he was much better
than W 373 life was great oh breaking news oh that's the end of the breaking news that was about the South Korean I thought was going to be
something good he was much better than W 373 40 I thought it was going to be like oh the president just got impeached something like
that really good important news 46.5% say bubble was much better than what we got now 31.6
additional per cent say he's the greatest 254 they love them to go out and buy in the book not that they're going to read it but they just want to make sure he gets the money
that's 78% he was an embarrassment 95 11.8% his ego is out of control 37 he has a nifty penis 23 a even rest mutant voter for that one he's tried to
upstage John Kerry 11 and he was weak only 10 out of over 800 votes aren't you impressed yeah but we know that they love him we all love them
especially well into what we got now pop a janko look what we got as Santina would say if he weren't shot up on a crossword for your father for your father
oh that's right I got to watch on spike TV I got to watch your Wednesday at the last four hours of their 8000 hour gone father like unexplored from the very beginning with all the scenes I mean well
and really something like you can go back and watch exercises again in their scenes that they didn't even film are in there you know what I mean
right well magic Godfather they got the scene of the nurse and Michael actually moving Marlon Brando from the one room to the other which in the original
Godfather you don't see that you just see he says you got to help me move my father he comes in it's really scary because he's standing here you see her all of a sudden you know what are you doing here you
and then he calls up a side of nobody here pops all alone you know and but in the unexplored one you actually see them move the bed from the one room into another one
which is not an important step that Michael then here's the footsteps coming up very slowly you know very dramatically those footsteps echoing through the halls of that empty hospital
who are you? Enzo the Baker 26 after one at 560 WQM hey U.S. is accused of trying to isolate you and agency we'll get to that very briefly
because you know what population control we don't like that that that's not probably the Pope probably gave a little thumbs up to a president here on that one he was over there in a Vatican
kissing his ring and his thing hey at summertime days are getting longer nights are getting shorter which means it's so important for you to get a good night sleep
if you're not sleeping as well as you could or should call 1-800-MACRIS today and voila you'll be sleeping on the best mattress in history
millions of people including me about 1-800-MATT-RES for the lowest prices on the best brands in bedding the easiest possible way to buy you a name brand mattress
save time save money improve your productivity bright new disposition with a really sensational night sleep every night
Valemacris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Award
when you call 1-800-MACRIS you'll get the best prices on the best brands would deliver you in that tour window on your schedule when it's convenient for you
and of course the best customer service in the business
Valemacris is got the complete line of Celi, CERDA, King Coral, Simmons, Tempura, Petec and Sterns and Foster Hewitt
from Candlestore Palm Beach, Sephora, Myers, Valemacris, Canon, World of the Review the fun is bedding going anywhere
everybody at 2M is catching on they're calling 1-800-MATRIS for their beds and you ought to be doing the same just log on to MACRIS.com to get more info or
column toll free for dollar MACRIS the easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep 1-800-MACRIS 1-800-MATRIS RES
My name is Michael and I'm the first to be in the world
this is 4-20-560-2-A-A
Okay, boo
This is the grill and we're talking hardball on 560-2-A-M
Call me homie right here at 567-H-O-O
Oh 560-A
Call me homie let's be talking to Steve and Miami
Steve you know what me? War and Kamati
Well Crull, what do the marlins have to do to win the world series this year?
Oh that's an easy one Steve they got to swing them back, hit them out, hit some strikes
Remember the game of baseball is 50% hitting, that's almost half 50% feeling 50% pension and 20% managing
But Crull that's 175%
Why don't you be questioning me? Would you be ignorant?
Be what?
Ignit, ignorant I said you'll be ignorant
Well no I'm not ignorant
Boy I played ball pension no baseball in a dark world cookie against men half my size
Did you?
Well actually I-
Don't even know
I played in it
Are you ignorant?
I did it I did it I did it
Can I do it I did it I did it
Come on me homie I'm the Crull
Out of gate G
Elemental P
1.32 at 560 there's only one Crull after they made him they threw away the mole thank God
But he's okay he's one of our people you know what I mean?
Right
I don't
Maybe he ought to do a walkoff show you know like one last walkoff
Come on you can do it you and Geltie together
Handed hand
U.S. is accused of tried isolate UN agency the Bush administration which cut off
But sure financing to use a go to UN agencies handling population control is seeking to isolate
The agency from groups that work with it in China and elsewhere you and officials and diplomats say
Pressed by opponents of abortion the administration with through its support from a major international
Conference on health issues this month and has privately warned other groups like UNICEF
That address health issues that their financing could be jeopardized if they insist on working with the agency
The United Nations population fund because anybody with a brain knows that one thing the world needs is a lot more population
If we could just have a hundred million people things would really be good
The administration also was indicated that it hopes to persuade the United Nations Latin American caucus
To back away from a common position on population and development that was adopted in Santiago, Chile and March
On the grounds that the documents discussion of reproductive rights could be interpreted as promoting abortion
Promoting abortion
Oh my God
The national agencies and private groups do not promote abortions overseas in the first days in office
The Bush administration reintroduced the Wagon era that critics call the Global Gag Rule
Which denies money to groups that even discuss abortion as an option except in cases that threaten life or involve rape or incest
I have to read that last sentence again
In the first days in office the Bush administration reintroduced the Wagon era that critics called the Global Gag Rule
Which denies money to groups that even discuss abortion as an option except in cases that threaten life or involve rape or incest
Unbelivable keeping us in the stone age
We don't want that stem cell research even though all those embryonic stem cells are going to be discarded anyway
Pat Robertson don't like it and Jerry Falwell don't like it and Jimmy Swagger don't like it
And George W. Don't like it and we're not going to do it
We don't care how many people we can say we don't care how much we can improve your life
We just ain't going to do it because the fundamentalists are running the roost
How come it's okay in cases of rape?
Those good honest people that we're never doing anything this honest like fixing election
I beg your pardon?
How come it's okay in cases of rape?
It's not the baby's fault
Well there's nothing like getting raped in it
That's what Mo said
Absolutely
Anyway Paul Kruglin is always good
He's got an article there
I got to read this too
I'm apologize don't I for all the reading?
No
No I don't care
I got to make up because you are going to be doing any reading all summer
Although didn't you say you read one article?
The Larry King
Well there you go
Well there you go
Short and important
Right
About his that well it depends on your viewpoint
Noonday in the shade by Paul Krugman he's great
I say let's get Michael Morph a present Paul Krugman for VP what do you say?
I
In April 2003 John Ashcroft's Justice Department disrupted what appears to have been a horrifying terrorist plot
In the small town of Noonday, Texas
FBI agents discovered a weapons cache containing fully automatic machine guns
Remote controlled explosive devices disguised as briefcases
60 pipe bombs and a chemical weapon
A cyanide bomb big enough to kill everyone in a 30,000 square foot building
BOT 3rd man
Strangely though the Attorney General didn't call a press conference around to discover the weapons cache
Or the arrest of William Carr or its owner
He didn't even issue a press release
This was to say at the least out of character
Jose Padea the accused dirty bomber didn't have any bomb making material
We even a plausible way to acquire such material
Mr. Ashcroft put them on the front pages around the world
Mr. Carr was caught with an actual chemical bomb yet Mr. Ashcroft acted as if nothing had happened
Incidentally if Mr. Ashcroft's intention was to keep the case low profile
The media have been highly cooperative
To this day the Noonday conspiracy has received little national coverage
At this point I had the usual problem
Writing about John Ashcroft posted the same difficulties
Is writing about the Bush administration in general only more so
The truth about his malfeasance is so extreme
That it's hard to avoid sounding shrill
In this case it sounds over the top to accuse Mr. Ashcroft of trying to very news about terrorists who didn't fit his preferred storyline
Yet it's hard to believe that William Carr wouldn't have become a household name if he had been a Muslim
Or even a leftist
Was Mr. Ashcroft once given an interview with Southern partisan magazine in which he praised Southern papers like Jefferson Davis
Relucting to publicize the case of a terrorist who happened to be a white supremacist
More important is Mr. Ashcroft neglecting real threats to the public because of his ideological biases
Mr. Carr's arrest was not the result not of a determined law enforcement effort against domestic terrorists but of a fluke
When he sent a package containing counterfeit UN and defense intelligence agency credentials to an associate in New Jersey
It was delivered to the wrong address
Luckily the recipient opened the package and contacted the FBI
But for that fluke we might have well found ourselves facing another Oklahoma City type atrocity
The discovery of the Texas sign-out bomb should have served as a wake-up call
9-11 is focused on retention on the threat from Islamic radicals but murderous right wing fanatics are still out there
The concerns of the Justice Department however appear to lie elsewhere
Two weeks ago representative of the FBI appealed to an industry group for helping combating what he told the audience
The FBI regards as the country's leading domestic terrorist threat ecological and animal rights extremists
Even in the fight against foreign terrorists Mr. Ashcroft political leanings have distorted policy
Mr. Ashcroft is very close to the gun lobby and these ties have evidently trumped public protection
After 9-11 he ordered that all government lists including voter registration, immigration and driver's license list
Be checked for links to terrorists all government lists that is except one he specifically prohibited the FBI from examining background checks on gun purchasers
Mr. Ashcroft told Congress that the law prohibits the use of those background checks for other purposes
But he didn't tell Congress that his own staff had concluded that no such prohibition exists
Mr. Ashcroft issued a directive later put into law requiring that records of background checks on gun buyers be destroyed
After only one business day
And we needn't imagine that Mr. Ashcroft was deeply concerned about protecting the public's privacy
After all a few months ago he took the unprecedented step of subpoenaing the hospital records of women who've had late term abortions
After my last piece on Mr. Ashcroft somebody just questioned whether he's really the worst attorney general ever
It's true that he has some stiff competition from the likes of John Mitchell who served under Richard Nixon
But once the full record of his misdeeds and offices revealed I think Mr. Ashcroft will stand hidden shoulders below the rest
Good going Paul, you demand you got that Clinton book yet?
No, why not? I'm surprised one of our listeners hasn't forked out the 35 bucks to bring you in a copy to book
So you and Josh can pour over all summer long while I'm laying out how about the audio version? It's six and a half hours long
Oh good, I endorse that right now. Be playing on Tuesdays and Thursdays would be good
All through the summer. 21 till two we got the mad dog it too. We haven't anything we have retraction on that so I guess the mad dog is in house.
Oh right, it's about time. We got the Humberidge for 630 got Marlins on deck and then of course 705 it's the Abraves at the Marlins at P.P. Parkway down the street there
Eddie can't to the baseball game. When's Joe and Mark coming back? Oh, just a joke.
Hey, if you're trying to lose weight by following a low carb diet, do you like to West Bokers help thousands of low carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals?
Today shopping for those right low carb products become more and more difficult, more confusing because a lot of the so-called low-car products on grocery store shelves aren't really as low as you think they're not going to help you lose weight at all
In fact, they may make you do other things but not lose weight. Selecting foods with the right ingredients as well as the lowest carbs, that's the key
And you like focuses on over a thousand of the right low carb food items in products and don't forget you can try anything Mr. before you cash out the spending
And then you can't for it before you buy it. They've had an knowledgeable staff to guide you to success. So if you're on the Atkins sugar buster, South Beach, any low-carb sugar free diet, head for the lights of West Bokers the number one low-carb store in the universe and let these folks help you reach your important weight loss goals and stay alive.
No pacemaker for you folks shopping at the lights. I hope on my fat boy who's well. They're open seven days a week from 10 to 10 to the lights of West Bokers around the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston marketer
Call them toll free at 1-877 low-carb at lowwca rb on web at slowcarb.com there's only one but boy what a story it is the lights of West Bokers you're official at Kins retail center
I beg the locals this is 560, the radio door is coming. You in.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Wow. Hey, how you doing honey?
This is Bill Clinton the president of the United States. This is my my state of the women address. I've known a few girls who thought they were pretty hot but Bill he's here to tell you that girl you're not.
They used to wear makeup and ripple white pants but when they looked at me they were under my trance.
You think you're special? Wow. You think you're something else. So Paula Jones you got a new nose. That no impressed me much.
Well, you got the brain but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong. Well, I'll bring you all right but that won't give me more than a meal tonight.
That no impressed me much.
I think you remember this one. She had a tape recorder but she kept on her phone and after she ate steak she would bury the mom.
She got herself some life and a tummy tuck but she still as ugly as a hock and plug.
Well, she's like she's something special. Well, she's like she's something else.
So when the trip got some surgery, that no impressed me much. Well, you got the brain but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong.
Yeah, I think you're all right but that won't give me more than a meal tonight.
But no impressed me much.
Oh, I keep forgetting. No, yeah, I'm on this next one. A big chunky girl with a purple beret.
That damn gap dress nearly for the way. Well, secret meetings of the car ignore. I could have thought we'll chamberlain the hot of score.
Well, she's like she's something else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds. That no impressed me much.
Well, you got the brain but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong. Well, I think you're all right but that won't give me more than a meal tonight.
I'm on my way. I'm on my way.
I'm on my way.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York. Not no impressed me much.
Well, you got the brain but if you got the touch, then don't get me wrong. Well, I think you're all right but that won't give me more than a meal tonight.
I'm on my way. That's my love and trust me much.
Mikey, that is my sign of the women address. I love you.
147 at 5.60 W.D. Q.A.M. The U.S. will hand legal custody of Sodom Hussein in an undetermined number of other former regime figures to the interim Iraqi government as soon as Iraqi courts issue warrants for their arrest and request the transfer of U.S. officials say today. However, I think we're a little bit nervous that they might just, you know, either let him go or hang him from some pole.
Somewhere in addition to which once he gets on the loose out there with all those other look alike Sodom's who the hell knows which, you know, which one has the Tony.
However, the U.S. will retain physical custody of Sodom in the prisoners while giving Iraqi prosecutors and defenders access to them.
The official said on condition of anonymity. In other words, we're going to keep the shackles on him for a few shackles, but they can like whatever they can feed him.
Military judge today refused to dismiss charge against staff sergeant Ivan Frederick the tooth. One of seven American soldiers accused in the Abu Gharram prison scandal.
How come you're so newsy again? Yes, I feel like it. Go back to New York.
By the way, the mad dog is in Iceland.
He's doing a show from Iceland. That's right. The Iceland open golf. He's actually doing a show from there. Yes.
Well, if it sounds as good as the set up they had for me and I am sedentary.
I'm going to go. I'm going to go.
Wow. Well, let's see. It's about two o'clock, about five, six and he afternoon over there. I would think.
I got to stick around for a few seconds and see how this sounds.
But third man. I'm after the late my lunch a couple of seconds. All right. How come that's not on here?
Oh, that's that big golf term. Oh, how sad. I love the mad dog before anybody on the station when they start with that golf stuff. Oh, brother.
Cleric dodges abuse charges and two nations somebody fax this in before the show. I don't want them to think that we're not going to use this.
Okay, because we're always looking for a good travel listing priest.
Cleric dodges abuse charges and two nations from the Dallas morning news.
The Mexican bishop had trouble on his hands and a tech were nearly killed one of his priests who sexual misconduct was well known to the bishop.
And now villagers were telling police about a stream of young male visitors to the priest parish residence.
The US bishop had a different problem, a lack of Spanish speaking priest to server growing immigrant population.
And so in 1987 the Reverend Nicholas Aggie are got a fresh start in Southern California.
Just nine months later he was on the move again, leaving behind one of the largest child sex abuse cases in Los Angeles, Archdiocese history.
Oh my God. Again, scandal was contained within the priest hiding abroad. Ever hide abroad sometime in a broom closet?
Better fact, Aggie R's tale of international flights fits a pattern that the Roman Catholic Church leaders have repeated around the world a year long Dallas morning news investigation is found.
I'm going to read that again. See we had that big, you know, dog and pony show there for a few weeks and they're all whipped up and they're having a conference in Dallas.
No less all of that below and not just back to business as usual. Aggie R's tale of international flight fits a pattern that Roman Catholic Church leaders have repeated around the world a year long Dallas morning news investigation is found.
In this case, the two bishops have become prominent figures in the global Catholic hierarchy.
One the Reverend Norbert Dole de Vera is not Mexico City's cardinal. One of his country's most powerful men.
The other Los Angeles Cardinal Roger Mahoney leads the largest ISIS in the US. Aggie R is more than just an old skeleton in their closets after dodging criminal terms.
The American charges in California where police said that he had musted at least 26 boys. He was charged in a 1997 Mexican abuse case.
Church leaders kept him in a ministry while the matter was pending and even after his conviction in 2003.
Recently he was spared punishment on a technicality. Mexican judge said revered to not respond to the news written request for information about the priest actor.
After a recent mass what have become of Aggie R since his return to Mexico the Cardinal said absolutely ignorant. He would not elaborate.
That's the greatest line of history. Oh my god. Absolutely correct. Let me read that one again.
After a recent mass what became of Aggie R since his return to Mexico the Cardinal said absolutely ignorant. He would not elaborate.
And I think probably didn't need to right? No, we know. Oh brother.
152 at 560 WQM the mad dog from Iceland. If we didn't know at the beginning of the show we could have been promoting like crazy.
Can you imagine people from pillar to post and coast to coast together around our radio sets just like listen to foster you in hockey night in Canada in 1932 or something like that.
Hey let me tell you right now if your carpets are a mess there's one way to take care of it and that is make one easy call to my good friends and dry concepts tool free at 1-800-248-5071.
I've been using them in my house for several homes for over 20 years now and wouldn't dream of calling anybody else because nobody comes close to the fantastic job they do for you.
No games, no per room, scams under that BS. They don't play games with it. They just do an unbeatable fantastic job. They give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they roll up their sleeves and then do that great job of dry cleaning your carpets.
Same ideas right cleaning your clothing. In a couple of hours your carpets are dry already they smell emity fresh they look and smell just like brand new and you're ready to rock and roll again so you really can clean today and still entertain tonight.
So what's not to like forget about opening up the yellow pages and trusting your carpeting to some axe murderer forget about schlepping home that heavy equipment from the department store the supermarket do the smart thing.
For over 20 years continue with service in the south Florida area you know you can always trust the folks at dry concepts for a stupidest job on your area rugs on your or you're carpeting your poster your drapery all of these things.
And when you call dry concepts inside of the appointment be sure to tell me why to be on their standby list which can save you an extra 15% off their already unbelievable job.
Here's their tool free number it's 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or you can get more info about them on their website at dryconcepts.com.
Here's your support for new 560-2AM.
Let's up you some more prisoners make them scream nice and loud get me some wires and a factory pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack should be used you choose to the torch or just play their game in the past it had to be worse with Saddam who's saying.
Baby, when they see that we're lacking it the wrong they provide a headlight that will be you by the throne.
You say they stand is the one you get now they have only one they take the right don't put it down.
You say 9-11 is what they got you to do.
You say 9-11 is what they got you to do.
I have no right.
We got it.
He has a nifty penis 26 he was weak 13 and he's trying to upstage carry which at this stage of the game should be too hard 11.
Did you got a carry is he still alive?
I'll go check.
But let me ask you this.
Yeah.
How can you tell?
Bye bye bye!
Send me a letter of show and I'm flying to the Union QA at Miami Fort Laugano.
Oh my god your breath so beautiful.
