W-W-A-N-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O
And we gave them very much patience and with the lamp, he handled the candle. The sexy tennis player and the Spanish show, but his heart happened all three times. And we gave them the family show, the baby every 15th world.
The fairies and talking feels a moment to long talk to him, so if they weren't fairies, this would be a show.
She's into his soul, but she misses his home. The crappy tennis player and the best singer had a truck in life that was off-side.
She can't win a match, and he's in a bad match.
Baby, we can help the way the tennis player maybe, and I can't teach him to sing.
I really made a bad mistake last week. I should have been promuluing the hell all week long out of the fact that we're going to start a ten every day this week, because how he's on tape this week best does, he's off to the end of the year until the first day of the new year.
Especially I've been mentioning that, because nobody, probably nobody knows the trouble we've seen, but do we really care?
Now this is just to fill in man, for that all the end of the year. People are busy, and I'll give you an example of how busy people are.
I want you to listen to this comedy bit about Bernie Kerrick.
Bernard Kerrick from New York, the SPD, was going to be the head of Homeland Security?
Oh, that guy. I realize you were out of touch a little bit, because we came in here.
That guy, bald head of geek, with the 85 different girlfriends of ESY.
Right, right, right.
All the corruption is mobster friends. Anyway, listen to this, and they're telling me that people aren't just pumping a bunch of crap out just to fill in the gap.
Bernard Kerrick, Bernard.
What were you trying to do, the tabloids?
In this game in you, hey Bernard.
Bernard.
Notting things you're up to.
Missed your chance for that gig.
You messed up now, it's through.
Bernard Kerrick.
Had to withdraw his nomination.
Bernard Kerrick.
Mine have had ties to the mafia.
Oh, sock options of taser and extra merits of old men.
Oh, Bernard.
Expo-list mission nerd.
So many scandals now that just can't be ignored.
Bernard Kerrick.
Wow, what can one say?
Let's play it again, Sam.
We are going to play a lot of stuff all week long.
I'll be on today tomorrow Wednesday, then I'm going on vacation for week and Georgia going Thursday through the MV.
And then Friday, we have no, do we get that resolved yet?
No, no, I haven't seen anyone in management yet.
Well, talk to Maddie Bell, he'll straighten out for you.
Friday, Georgia is supposed to be off the air of Christmas Day.
But on the schedule we got, it says you're on 10 to 2.
And then the beans 2 to 4.
The beans last week did okay.
It was kind of a reasonable audition.
It was auditioning for an opening that doesn't exist, but nevertheless, Beast was all right.
He spoke more on Monday than he has all the previous time.
The only thing he used to do when he'd fill in was play that magic wand thing you've got, which I don't have that.
I don't know where the hell I am.
No matter what you'd ask him, he would play that.
And say, yeah.
So let's just play that for four hours.
Maybe we'll throw in one of these.
Yeah.
We could do that.
Because I think that it's going to really be, you'll get some great calls this week, guaranteed.
So why, every day this week 10 to 2, so we can jump right into what?
In fact, maybe we'll take some great calls.
I'm Tonya.
I don't want to wait.
So what now?
Fantastic calls we're going to get this week.
For example, WQA and Hello.
See that?
That's a good one.
WQA and Hello.
Hi, Neil.
You know, the song popped into my head over the weekend.
And since you're going to be playing a lot of stuff, there's a guitar man song about stand-up smoke and the Christmas tree that I just love.
Really?
Do you know that one?
What is that called?
I think it's like a Christmas song.
Or Christmas song by my turn.
Does it have a bunch of foul stuff in there?
Nothing at all.
Okay, well let's try it.
Have a great holiday.
Of course, you never know what the term is.
See, we'll post an act of Christmas and all through the house.
Our creature was stirring, not even a mouse.
I could have sleep so early there in bed.
But 9mm close to my head.
I heard an oasis that jumped up to sleep.
What in the head all right, it could be.
I looked around the corners quite hard to believe.
I saw a Santa but he did not see me.
I stood there suddenly, I didn't make a sound.
He pulled toys from his bag and he spread them all around.
He filled my stockings with cartridges and then he sat down.
And what I saw next is motion to us now.
He walked through the tree and he tore off a branch.
He missed it and he's pocketing and he pulled out a match.
Scraped off some needles, stuck them in his pipe.
Then he struck the match and he gave it a life.
His eyes too small as cheeks started to glow.
He walked through the tree and he built another bowl.
I saw it at home but it came out he was the night.
Let's then a glass caught a bus.
Bust moving my Christmas tree.
All right.
I said congratulations Santa Claus did not know you got high.
Santa how you think I stand cold and why do you rain here fly?
Where would I fit all the cookies and milk if I wasn't high?
If that was the night that Santa Claus caught one bus by smoking my Christmas tree.
Wow that went too bad.
It was better than Bernard Carrick.
It was clean.
So anyway I mentioned right at the end of the show on Friday because I got that friend of call from Norris Kent right near the end of the show that I've re-signed for two more years.
So we're going to be here four more years on this four more years on QIM.
Yeah.
There were some feelers from like the serious people and from the XM and stuff like that.
And you know it's not a sure thing.
See I like a sure thing even though the paycheck you know sometimes it's not exactly on the day.
It's within a few days here there things like that.
I like a sure thing when it comes to my money.
Sure.
I'm sure.
And of course those people are complaining and bitching about what you know commercial radio it's going away of the dinosaur and all the set of crap.
Instead of like sticking around to try to like sort of help it survive they're running away from it.
I don't want to mention any names you understand.
For some people it's very sensitive about that.
Well you're ripping Howard again.
I'm not ripping Howard.
I'm just saying you know he's running away and more power to him.
You know the FCC said they're not going to mess with satellite radio and he can say whatever he wants the F word the you know.
And after a little while it's you know after you say those words over and over again it doesn't lose their meaning.
But I end a little bit disturbed disturbed.
A little disturbed about the fact that there is that color last week pointed out there's a fart sound at the end of what our promo is and I hadn't heard it.
And then right toward the end of the steering show this morning I heard that they maybe it's just a raspberry I think.
Yeah that must be it.
Sounded like a fart sound to me.
What?
And we're pretty disturbed about a joy so we'll have to figure that out.
It was an aspiry.
It might have been it might have been an aspiry.
1793 votes on the pool from Friday and we want to apologize.
Josh has the opportunity now to take an hour and a half or two and apologize to the audience for screwing up stories.
Oh the weekend because he's having internet issues.
Yeah my bad.
That's it.
You're bad.
That's all I can say.
You're bad.
I mean I'm you know I'm sitting here and I'm in the middle of this freezing it is so cool to hear mama you wouldn't believe it.
Holy it's like a windshield minus 32 in the temperature minus 23 Celsius whatever that is.
I'll take it what it is it's damn cold it's so it looks really nice inside like a picture postcard.
It's colder than the end of the world and I'm looking every day to see a Saturday where's those bedtime stories for our website.
They're not on there same crap from Friday.
I'm looking yesterday where's the stuff from that I sent and the same crap from Friday again.
I come to find out that you're actually having internet issues again.
I don't want to mention bell south because you know they'll get Maddie Bell upset.
One thing that is written into my new contract is we can't get Maddie Bell upset more than four or five times a day.
That is in there.
All right.
I'll keep going.
We can't step on it more than four or five times an hour.
Almost 1800 votes on the poll not that that's that great.
What's that time of the year?
That's why we know we're just floating our way through the end of the year.
Tomorrow we got the trend coming out.
Oh yeah.
That's going to be pretty interesting because it now and just stop and think about this.
When the entire fall book comes out keep in mind October November December that's not going to happen tomorrow.
But the one the following month when the whole book will be losing that got awful September right.
The hurricane month when there were like about how many diaries got sent back by right wing.
Laughed ass limbo looking redneck trailer trash and I was about it.
Nobody sent a diaries back because they're busy fighting three hurricanes in matter weeks.
And so as a result we really got hammered.
We got hammered.
I always speak in a hammered before I read the results of the poll since we have lots and lots of time.
What's the scuttle about around the building?
What's going on with the hammer with the Gelties.
The UN's December and there's no hockey in sight.
Looks like maybe two years of no hockey.
What's the story around there?
I don't know.
It's so Hank before I went on vacation.
We could be honest.
What are you saying?
He said, I see you on these days.
You can warm handshake.
Good to see you.
You know how the thing is going.
Yeah.
That's all.
Do you really?
Yeah.
I like Hank.
Well Hank likes you.
There's somebody to blame.
And Josh likes you.
Josh has said, again, Josh had choice when we took the poll last.
I'm talking about Josh Cordis.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
I'm not sure if he's a good guy.
Did you see the second that you see 60 minutes last night?
No, I missed it.
Oh, they had this thing about this toilet bowl of Jesus.
Well, it looks like a toilet bowl.
Yeah, with this, there's this faker.
I don't want to say there are any Israeli fakers.
For years I've been trying to warn you don't do business with the Israelis
because they're all a bunch of charlatans and the con artists.
And this guy, his thing is all these religious artifacts that he keeps a manufacturer.
I mean finding discovery, manufacturing.
Oh, okay.
And the listing that supposedly looks like a toilet bowl.
What the hell do they call it?
I'm going to get another word.
A sister?
Yeah, that was exactly it.
Sister and a brother.
And then they inspected the carving.
I said something about the Joseph stepfather of Jesus or a brother of Joseph's or whatever it
looks like.
Well, you know, I was watching a really interesting thing only because it was an HD a few days
ago on the great fire of Rome in 64 AD.
Right?
Nero?
Nero.
And of course, the fact that 50 years later, Tacitus wrote all this stuff about, well,
Nero burned the sea down because he had his own plans for it.
And they come to fight out that all this investigative work and it was mostly a bunch of bullcrap.
It's not true.
He wrote it 50 years after it happened.
It kind of sounds like that Jesus story that Paul saw, whatever his name really was, and wrote
90 years later after Jesus.
Right.
But I shouldn't be saying that at Christmas time.
That's like saying, hey kids, there's no Santa Claus.
But guess what?
Hey kids, there's no Santa Claus.
Anyway, Mel Gibson 15 speaking to Jesus.
Janet Jackson and Dave Wons that 14-a-piece ever seemed together?
No, same person.
Britney Spears down to 11.
That is amazing.
Talk about falling on hard times.
Tom Brady Six, Peyton Manys Six, and Gary Bettman, little needle nose Gary, head on the
three.
Gary Bettman, the hockey antichrist.
That was pretty good.
Over 1800 votes.
I'm going to play a lot of, and the sad part of it is I've got a whole pile of really important
stuff here, but that would be, I don't know.
I just don't think I ought to be doing that this week.
Do it.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
You're crazy.
Leave the all-bit shows for me on Thursday.
No way.
I'm at the similar plane all-bits.
Here's today's, uh, Beaton Curtin speaking of falling on hard times.
Well, things are getting a little slim now.
Ursula Andress, she was just on there a few days ago and she's back again.
We had Carmen Electrath twice, although that second picture, Dugi Steller, is pretty good.
And here's Ursula Andress, who, uh, I already gave you the bio and I'm not going to do anything.
She was born in 36.
So she's still alive though.
Right.
She's an old babe.
She's 68 now.
But the picture was taken back in the day when she looked just fine.
It's okay.
It's not one of our great picks, but it'll have to do.
Or it's great to buy them.
Yeah, we are scraping it by.
Here's our poll today.
Which vest describes your feelings about Christmas?
Or should I say X-mas?
Now that we have all these battles going on, you know, oh, they're taking the Christmas out of Christmas.
They've taken Jesus, uh, you know, I'll say it again.
Both sides, you've got crazy people.
On the one hand, those people will say, oh, you shouldn't be putting a Christmas tree in there.
Christmas tree is not a religious symbol.
It has nothing to do with religion.
Any more than the menorah has anything to do with religion.
It's just symbolic of the eight days with the oil in it.
But, you know, they're harmless as opposed to the activity scene.
Or anything like the mizuzah on the door, stuff like that.
And I'll say it again.
In my building here, none of that crap is allowed in anybody's door.
They will actually throw you out a window if you put that crap up.
And that's the way it ought to be.
Good.
Keep your superstitions in fairytales to yourself.
Go out in the solar break, go to church, do whatever you want.
If there's a Christmas tree in them all, there should be a Christmas tree.
Because they make an earth-spoiling it for all they can squeeze out of it.
They want your money.
So that's fine.
So the people they've streamed on to one side, see, they're the ones that make advance for the rest of us.
Who try to be a little bit tolerant of people's or foibles, but nevertheless.
What's best described your feelings about Christmas?
I got six choices on there.
My favorite holiday, important birth of our Savior.
Oh, and his matter of fact, that's just your...
The sister in...
The sister in...
He had it...
He was hiding it sitting on the toilet.
It looked like a bowl on the toilet.
It looked like the tank on your toilet.
Yeah.
I mean, that little sack of it was just, of course, he wasn't Israeli.
So it would be just to feel any religious significance with Jesus.
Oh, let's say Christmas is my favorite holiday, important birth of our Savior.
Pain in the ass.
Right, though.
Too expensive.
Fun.
Or strictly for goyem.
Those are the six choices there.
And the reason I put that strictly for goyem is there are a lot of Jews who celebrate Hanukkah and Christmas.
You know, right.
They do token Christmas.
They're token Christmas time like Clarence Thomas and like Ricky Williams.
Stuff like that.
So that's the poll for today.
Let's see, in fact, I ought to be changing the poll.
See, I'm not used to that yet.
It'll take me a while to get used to that.
It'll also take me a while to sweep the used to four hours again, at least through the end of the year.
I want to take you a little...
Yeah.
Ha ha ha.
Ha.
If they only knew, you know, they only knew.
Okay, let's see.
I'm going to write...
I'm going to vote strictly for goyem.
This is the way I look at it.
It is...
To me, it's not a pin in the ass anymore because I don't...
It doesn't affect me.
I just don't get involved in it.
And I'm smart enough not to go to a slump into the shopping mall like right now.
It's probably not a really smart time, you know?
No.
Especially the fact that it's like minus 32 windshield and everybody is out of their mind shopping and going nuts.
So there you go, strictly for goyem.
566-705-60, bombs in Carbola and the job till 67 over the weekend.
Deadly Carbomb is yesterday.
And of course, everything is going right according to Hoi.
Oh, we're fine.
It's really good.
Deadly bombs hit the Iraqi, she had Muslim holy cities of Carbola and the job killing 67 yesterday.
In a job for suicide, Carbomber plowed his vehicle into a funeral possession, exploded it just yards from the city's Imam Ali Shrine.
Imam Ali, remember him?
Who?
I think he was kind of...
Killing at least 51 people ahead of Iraqi security operations said.
Hospital officials said at least 92 people were wounded and then hospitals were overwhelmed and fairing the injured facilities outside the city.
And it goes on about...
This one was over here and these people died over there.
Just more chaos and bloodshed.
Just in time for those elections January 30th.
That would be really good.
Now that we have order and sanity, we store it in Iraq.
And the American public says, oh yeah, this is really good.
We're spreading democracy.
Freedom's on the march here.
Right.
Bloodshed is on the march.
All these people are dying and for what does anybody have an answer?
No.
But we don't care about that because it's the holidays, right?
See, that was a good excuse to be totally...
Just turned off from any of that because it's the holiday.
Yeah, well, he excused New Jur.
Oh, it's Hanukkah just ended.
Now it's Christmas time.
And then pretty soon it'll be New Year.
And then it'll be some other craft.
Then it'll be Easter, right?
And then it'll be the Fourth of July.
We don't have time to be worried about such craft.
Because that's the American F&W.
W.A.M. Hello.
The Miami dolphins are on the clock.
Tonight I'm glad he mentioned Miami dolphins.
Tonight's the game I'm going to be sitting in front of my HD
with my heat cranked up real heavy duty.
Patriots at the P.P. Park.
In fact, let's take a look at schedule, shall we?
That mad dog.
He's got 75 weeks of vacation and his deal is at it.
Wow.
Curtis Stevenson today, because Mad Dog's out there at the ballpark,
of course, with his best close personal friend.
Do-do-do-do.
I mean, he hates like poison.
Curtis Stevenson, two to four, then they got the Humper.
He's on from...
I can barely read that.
Is it four to five?
Is that what it says?
Four to five.
Humper at P.P. Park for an hour.
And then because, yeah, because we got to have the game
as a Monday night game, so it starts at nine o'clock.
So we got to have the four hour pregame festivities
to get all the spots in.
Dolphins countdown to kick off from...
Now, is Geltie still on it, or is he just reall getting the hercones down?
I think he got tossed off of that.
I wouldn't know.
Dolphins countdown, maybe he just wanted off of that.
If he has minutes, he would want to be associated with the dolphins.
Patriots at the dolphins, that could be really ugly.
And that final score prediction is like 42 to 6 for a New England.
Then, of course, Dolphins point after it goes on.
And on, so we can get all those spots in.
And if I ever record an album, I want this guy to produce a lot.
Make me beautiful, do it!
We're on the California and Sunday New York!
We're on the Canadian!
And then we're going to have to be easy.
Just set the whiteouts!
Yeah!
I'm just not feeling well at all.
I just don't want to feel well at all at all.
So, how do you feel about your job?
Not at all.
You can be older, or no, the college of the older.
You need somebody else to be older.
Are you lying?
No!
That's really, I'm going to have to sing out of...
Wait.
My decision to change the Super Bowl performance was actually made after the final rehearsal.
That lie can really say, if I attended anyone, I was choosing my intention.
1031.9 to 11.560 WDQM, we're all four hours this week because Stern is on long extended vacation for life of the first of the year.
So we got our attend of 11 hour back.
Are we lucky?
Yeah.
Now, fortunate.
37 votes out there on a pool, which is not too thrilling.
That's because there's nobody listening right now.
There's nobody around.
Everybody's either out of time, or they're doing their last amount of holiday shopping.
Otherwise, they're occupatoed doing something else.
But we'll plot our way through, right?
We're getting paid for it, somehow.
37 votes is all we got.
Which best describes your feelings about Christmas?
Pain in the ass.
A dozen.
Brackdom.
Strictly for Goiom 8.
My favorite holiday 8.
Two expensive 5.
Important the birth of our Savior 3.
And fun 1.
One for fun.
And one for all.
Okay, newspapers come with two cost clan flyers.
I don't want to read a lot of these stories today.
Politicians who won't say pleasure of allegiance may be recalled.
Campaign of deception used to push patriotic son up the charts.
Dennis Roddy, a Catholic crusader's pious puns are real rip job on William Donahue, who he despises like poison of the Catholic League.
Small planes strikes radio tower killing two with KFI and L.A.
You see that?
No, I didn't.
KFI.
Are you sure?
Um, 2001 memo reveals push for broader presidential powers.
Adjusted to Department of Lawyer may have been laying the groundwork for the Iraq invasion long before it was discussed publicly by the White House.
Signature on death letter fuels rumcell criticism.
He was like using a poison pen.
I mean one of those mechanical signatures on all those letters to the families of the dead saying, oh I'm so sorry.
I'm a teen.
You're right.
He was using a machine to send his apology, which means he wouldn't pay attention at all.
He doesn't care.
Okay, he's a misal bastard who deserves to be fired at it immediately if not sooner.
And of course he's part of that evil travel.
You've got the cheney and then bush and then rumcelled in that order.
And that's why you'll notice with almost everybody else in the cabinet, families, not rumcelled.
Keras email messages fuel mess the New York Daily News, which is taking special delight in his problems and believe me there are many.
Just ripping an ass to vault hit a Bernard Carrick.
And I'll say it again.
I don't care what anybody says, but you know this chemical Ali that they're grilling and questioning your waiter Fry's ass.
Right.
You see them on the news?
Not lately, no.
If they shave this headball, he's Bernard Carrick.
I'm telling you, it's scary.
In fact, maybe it is Bernard Carrick.
Maybe that's the way they're going to get even with him.
The ship is asked to Iraq, put him on trial and then Fry's ass.
But that was chemical Ali.
Chemical Ali who died how many times already?
Not third man.
It's got there like the everybody cared.
He's got a whole bunch of lives.
Let's see, Paul Majority, a senior support medical marijuana.
Christmas cracked down on binge drinking.
Groups pushed for religious displays of Christmas.
And that's the pile of stuff I got.
So you don't want to hear any of those stories do?
I want to hear that Bill Donahue story.
The what?
The Catholic League?
Yeah, the Catholic League.
Oh, Bill Donahue.
Okay, I pulled in and put it on time for my pile.
It's not really very long, I think.
I'm not reading those five and six page stories during the holidays.
What's the point?
You know, if you could just sit around having a little cup of coffee in a sub sandwich over there at Chuck's sub center.
Josh and you and me and maybe our good friend Maddie Bell.
And we could be discussing that as opposed to wasting all the valuable airtime when we got these important calls coming in.
You'll see we're going to get some great calls today.
Police!
You'll see.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I can't do the gargling some though.
I got it.
No, we got it.
He's got a card for it.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yeah, I can't like that.
WNQM, hello.
New.
Yes sir, happy holidays to you, Pat.
Happy holidays to you, listen.
You know, I got some advice for Ricky.
He needs to go ahead and open up the hams shop.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Okay.
He says he needs to go ahead and open up a head shop, is what he says.
He says he got a good head on his shoulder.
Or he ought to use some head and shoulders and clean out what's left from him, drill locks that he cut off.
He's a little scruffy looking there.
He looks fine and he's doing it.
A road bike stuff is it.
What is he doing?
There's a name for it.
I forgot.
Some weird Indian holistic healing.
He's in the holistic healing and he's getting a lot of massages in the massaging like Ego and avocado.
And there's a lot of ecology and anybody else and the team sucks anyway and apple back it.
Yeah, I'll say it again.
In fact, at 60 minutes with the vote, this is the same show.
The highly touted, usually a pretty good show, that delayed the broadcast.
The telecast that was going to really, the Sunday before the election, tell a whole world about what a scam it was about how they had lied to their teeth about that.
The making excuse to let us invade Iraq again for the second time, which I wish you to see in that CBC show.
Oh man, just Rick Cheney and ass and Haliburton and about all the offshore offices that they got like in Canary Islands where they just have...
It's just a PO drop.
They got an empty office where the lights aren't even turned on.
And they got a PO box drop and that's the Cayman Islands headquarters for Haliburton.
And having that offshore office and a bunch of other ones like that allows them to do business with Iran and Iraq and Libya and countries that have been...
This a lot, we're against the law.
I mean, it was just an unbelievable hour, but that was on Canadian TV and the fifth of state.
You won't see that in the US of state because it's too much truth involved there.
And because the media have all been over and said, okay, stick it to us.
Whatever you say, that's what we'll do. We'll report only what you allow, whatever your stop-up permits.
And that's what they're doing.
And does anybody really care?
No.
That's why we got to quit talking about it.
My point is, while we don't care what your point is, but you're like that.
Yeah.
Afghanistan can be sure to have Merk has continued friendship.
Yeah, just like they were the last time. Remember that?
Our good friends, the Mouge.
Right.
Then this Roddy of Catholic Cruz, I wonder if he's kind of Rod Roddy, who by the way is still his dead.
He buried him on those expensive silk suits that he used to buy in the Thailand.
That's a boy in Thailand?
He said that.
From when I heard that's why he used to go there.
Two reasons, silk suits and whatever else.
But he's dead Rod Roddy and he was huge and fat, gigantic fat.
In fact, I think he used to be buddies with Joey Reynolds, your good pal.
Back in the Buffalo days, WKBW.
Rod Roddy used to work there.
Do you know that?
No, I didn't know that.
I think Joey used to tell me all kinds of stories about Rod Roddy.
I am that hemorrhoid.
Another backstabber, Joey Reynolds.
Wow.
Oh man.
Speaking of radio, people, that's interrupt.
But whoever sent this text about Joyce Kaufman's arrest report didn't come through.
Could you recent it, please?
Well, arrest for what?
There's a list here.
So I'm going to get the whole thing.
Get outta here.
Joyce Kaufman?
Right, this is a BSO copy of a booking report.
Nobody has any idea who that is, first of all, except for Norma Kent, nobody.
And the four or five real Tronwoodites out there, the radio chronics, the talk show chronics,
they would know Joyce Kaufman from Joyce S. Kaufman.
I mean, what is that?
From Andy Kaufman.
That's got a list of her tattoos here.
Joyce Kaufman's got tattoos?
Four of them, according to this.
Oh no.
What about you?
I've known her breasts.
I've never seen her.
I really even know who that is.
I've never seen her.
I've never seen her.
On one of those five-lot stations and I've got the 85 talk show host who can't get a
job any place else on.
She has a wave on her back.
As you've been doing the wave?
Yeah, he ain't going on her right now.
Well, we got her wave back.
Hi, Joyce.
I'm the bird with the rose on her right now.
You wanted me to do this story.
Do you want me to come to.
Yeah, you know, you talking about somebody that nobody has any idea who it is?
Or should I do the thing from William Duneyew, who's always got that red, and nasty, hateful,
always pissed off in the world.
They're picking on us.
I'm picking on his pork cat legs.
He ought to elope with your good friend, Dennis.
I think they already have.
In fact, they wouldn't even have to change the last name from what I understand.
Just put it in the middle.
William Donahue abandoned his post as a professor at La Roche College to take up the rule of Don
Chihote of the Catholic Lady.
Recently, Mr. Win Mill ran his lands straight through the feelings of Jews, Protestants, and
a number of ex-Catholics, and while Merry Christmas everybody in grab a helmet while
you're at it.
Donahue is the president of the Catholic League, which hunts out signs of anti-Catholicism.
Its evidence is ranged from the blatant, like the left behind books, to the imagined,
like the occasional theatrical satire.
Most like he's been handy as a talking head on the cable networks, and that's how he
ended up on MSNBC's Scarborough Country, which was being hosted for the night by Ecumenical
Powerhouse Pat Buchanan.
Donahue was asked to explain why Mel Gibson's the pastor of the Christ wasn't getting big
buzz for an Academy Award.
He said this,
Tollywood is controlled by secular Jews who hate Christianity in general and Catholicism
in particular.
It's not a secret, okay?
And I'm not afraid to say it.
That's why they hate this movie.
It's about Jesus Christ and it's about the truth.
It's about the Messiah.
Tollywood likes anal sex.
They like to see the public square without an activity scenes.
I like families.
I like children.
They like abortions.
I believe in traditional values and restraint.
They believe in libertinism.
We have nothing in common.
But you know what?
The culture has been ongoing for a long time.
Their side is lost.
You've got secular Jews.
You've got embittered ex-Catholics, including a lot of ex-Catholic priests who ate the
Catholic Church.
Waco Protestants in the same group.
And these people are in the margins.
Frankly, Michael Moore represents a cult movie.
Mel Gibson represents the mainstream of America.
Let us put aside the irony that on that day that he received an Academy Award for Boeing
for Columbine, Michael Moore, a life-long Catholic-attended mass.
Let's disregard the fact that Mel Gibson not only does not represent mainstream America,
he doesn't represent mainstream Catholicism.
He belongs to a schismatic group that doesn't honor the authority of the current Pope.
Let us instead ask Bill Donahue why he seems to have a bad case of the Jews on the brain.
Is there anyone in the world that has an admitted that Hollywood is essentially a Jewish
town?
He asked me.
It's like asking the question, who runs the Chinese restaurants in China town, who runs
the mafia?
It's the Italians he said.
This is the spokesman for the Catholic League.
Oh, great.
Donahue's fixation seems to be less than an animus toward the Jews than a willingness
to use them, not to mention Waco Protestants for a polemical leverage.
His press releases of the past six years have often included a what if they said this
about the Jews angle when complaining about everything from plays that make fun of the
Catholic rituals to greeting cards that make tired Catholic jokes?
I typically say Black Jews and Gays he told me, true enough, he was once asked how the
Democrats could win Black Catholic voters and suggested they could begin by thinking of
Catholics as if they were all homosexuals.
I realized that's a dicey thing to say Donahue said, but the media elite, the secular elite,
tend to have certain people that are their favorites.
This sort of envy by a group that is now in large measure so fully assimilated that
we sometimes resemble wasps with a meatless length cannot be healthy and the language
in which his being expressed takes on an edge of hatefulness.
I don't think Donahue is an anti-Sem, I'd notice Shmuli Voteach.
Oh God, the Orthodox Rabbi and fellow MSNBC panelists who challenged Donahue's slur moments
after it sprang from his lips.
I like him I respect him, Voteach told me.
I don't believe he's anti-Semitic and I think what he said on the air was repulsive
and troubles me they doesn't understand what was wrong about what he said.
Donahue betrays no such understanding.
He says, I think it's time people have an open conversation about this.
I suspect it's underway now and it started out ugly.
Says Dennis Roddy, no kinder Roddy in the Pittsburgh Post.
Is that lovely?
Yes.
Speaking of hate groups and hate individuals and hate mongers and stuff like that.
And I don't want to ruin your holidays.
Oh, it's see, here you go again right on the heels of that William Donahue thing.
They sent four of us on the eve over alleged abuse.
Somebody thanks this in from the Chicago Tribune.
Even during the holidays they're abusing little boys.
You think they take that out?
Well, maybe for the holidays.
The diocese of Gary Indiana has put a priest on administrative leave
for allegedly sexually abusing a minor while serving in Orlando
during the 80s church official set over the weekend.
The Bishop of Gary, the Bishop of Boyd Gary, the most reverend Dale Melchick.
Placed Reverend Richard Emerson 52 passed to the Notre Dame parish
in Michigan City, Indiana, and on leave.
Emerson's future in the church depends how the Vatican reacts to an official report
on Emerson's alleged abuse of the minor diocese official said.
The action culminated a two month investigation by a panel of eight lay people
in two priests who questioned the accuser and the accused.
As far as I know, no one else has come forward said Brian Olzewski,
diocese spokesman, referring to whether there were other accusations
of misconduct against Emerson, no kind of Ralph Waldo, by the way.
And he never made any radio.
He's got a big white Emerson radio when I was a kid.
Man, it was a good radio.
You know what?
Yeah, back in the day.
It was a big square, you know, like a table radio.
Right.
You don't see those anymore.
Do people actually still have table radios near homes?
Yeah, yeah, they sell them.
That those, I don't have not asked in the day.
So, yeah, well, the Boist thing courses great.
That's Gary Sarnerson.
But I don't know if people like most people have like a big, this was a big.
I'm not talking about the really gigantic before you were born radios
that were like a table model, like furniture.
Oh, we had furniture.
We had the stereo.
It was the record player radio.
And it was a Catholic.
Right.
Right.
They're on the side of the little.
Well, kind of like a similar idea, but the floor model radio used to have that was like
AM and shortwave.
There was no FM.
I don't take back in the day when I was like a hundred years ago when I was a child.
And here's listen to like radio Moscow.
And that's how it became a communist.
Well, listen to radio.
Come on East out.
Come on East out.
No, seriously, radio Moscow and voice of Europe and voice of America and all of that crap.
And like Judy Canova on Sunday nights and the Jack Benny show and Gunsmoke with William
what's the name?
Can not.
Conrad.
And Superman with Bud Collier.
Boy, those were the days, man.
When radio like was really great as opposed to now when most of it is crap.
So anyway, this other story about the great hate in America and newspapers come with
Ku Klux Tans flyers.
It works to charge.
Well, when residents in summer is of Louisville, Kentucky picked up their morning papers
last week, they found flyers for the Ku Klux Tans wrapped around them.
The newspapers included the daily courier journal and three other publications including
one from the southeast Christian church.
One reader, Bernard Fowler, told the courier journal that the flyers bore an application
in which you would test that you are white and not of Jewish ancestry.
They also had a statement opposing gay marriage, he said.
Gay.
And it encourages those who oppose it to join the KKK.
Linda Prasel, vice president for market development for the courier journal, said,
we regret that the KKK is chosen to use old courier journal sections and other print
products for the distribution of their flyers.
Apparently, they grab legitimate publications that can be wrapped and that provide enough
heft to be thrown on driveways or porches.
The courier journal does not condone the use of its products in this manner.
There is a company involved in its distribution, she says, she'd be singing.
Well, yeah, if you'd look like wrapping it around something that's like heavy duty,
like a brick, easy to throw up like on your doorstep.
Right?
Well, there you go.
I mean, I think the world would look really nice with the Ku Klux Tans flyer after
one, don't you?
It's appropriate.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now, once we get to 11 o'clock, man, then I'm leaning heavy duty on the bits and the
stuff because I can already see we've exhausted most of the calls.
There ain't nothing going on.
We got the big ball games tonight.
The dolphins though, I will tell you this.
They will win one more game.
After watching yesterday's, you know, I got the package and I watch a whole bunch of
different games, that was fun watching that game in the snow.
Do you see any of that?
Josh?
No, I didn't get to.
These San Diego Cleveland games.
I saw the highlights.
Oh, see, back in the day, once upon a time, we used to watch the games in the mud and
the snow and everything before they had a lot of these domed stadiums and things.
And that was so great.
That's where it's at.
That's exciting.
And then, of course, Jacksonville and Green Bay last night, that was pretty exciting,
too.
That was a good game.
I was hoping that Dick Inver would fall out of the booth and take Dan Deer to have with
him.
When Dan Deer to have said something about props for the offensive line, that was the best.
If somebody opened my door out there, I hope not.
Uh-oh.
It must be next door.
It's not like somebody was like opening my door.
Maybe it's David Laws.
Maybe people say, well, I'm on.
Home invasion.
No, they're cleaning the next door.
But anyway, the Browns are, I think they could be worse than the 49ers.
I think you're right.
They are just put.
And of course, guess who molded them into what they'd become today.
Who would that be?
Oh, come on.
Another great UM coach.
Yeah, butch David.
Butch David.
Now you've got to say, right, butch David.
There you go.
And of course, take a look at Dennis Erickson out there, which we just tried to forget about
a couple weeks ago.
And then we realized when the dolphins are when it rear victory are there, Dennis Erickson
coached him 49ers.
What does that tell you?
Dennis Erickson in San Francisco, the team that's won two games all season.
And there is a butch dive.
As God has asked, can't believe them.
We're the team that is so unbelievably inept that it's just scary.
The dolphins will win that game.
If they lose that game, I suppose this band of franchise.
I agree.
I mean, there's no way they could lose.
And of course, they'll be bouncing back after tonight's tremendous embarrassment
at the hands of the world champion New England Patriots.
It's going to be ugly.
You'll be there, right?
I will with my tickets, which hopefully didn't give away to Fat Boy.
Please.
By the way, come on in the studio.
George has got something for you.
Fat Boy is called his foot up your ass.
And believe me, there's a big target.
Trust me.
That can probably get several feet in there.
Pretty small foot though.
Oh, guess speaking of watching a foot.
Remember the scene in Fargo where the foot he's like through the wood chipper?
Right.
Yeah, but he's in the blood and the foot is sticking up to there.
Yeah, very funny.
Fargo was on again last night.
And I just couldn't turn it off.
I just thought, well, you may see it so good in your friend's shirt.
Well, whatever that actress is, the play's the lady, the pregnant lady cop.
Oh, that was fun.
That was a good movie.
Right.
It's got a flavor to it.
It's hard to turn off.
And that North Dakota, like you're in that corn ball.
Yeah, sure.
Oh, yeah.
Nice day, huh?
It's getting cloudy up there on it.
That's just great.
It was a pretty interesting.
And he was shoving a guy through the wood chipper.
And they're just like that, too, by the way.
Which is a pretty creative way to get rid of a body, by the way.
For anybody out there who's going to kill somebody for the holiday,
maybe go to your relatives, that's going to get down to your nerves a little bit too much.
Get the old wood chipper out in the backyard and just, man, co-workers.
Work like charm.
Oh, boy, even you could shove Maddie Bell through there like we would just like a broom handle.
Oh, we had about 30 seconds, I would think.
About 30, man.
Only I don't think it would come out red.
I think it probably would come out like the spurt and brown in all directions.
Politician who won't say Pledge of Allegiance, maybe we call this is my kind of guy.
I like this a lot.
This is great.
Denver.
This is last week's story that I never got to, but I would put it on the web.
Or at least I hope to put it on the website over the weekend,
whether it ever got up on, I don't know, because Josh has issues with Bell South again,
his internet service really blows.
And we're hopefully trying to do something to make sure that we,
that was pretty embarrassing to me with our big time website.
And no stories on there.
I believe we heard for it.
Well, just to get him all whipped up, you know,
and he bailed your ass out last night all of it was fairly.
He said, oh, and then he emails me around nine o'clock last night.
Oh, if the stories aren't up in a few hours, I'll put them a few hours.
What does that mean?
Now he did get them on there right away, but if they're not up in a few hours,
like by three in the morning, I'm sure we're going to have a lot of people
reading our bedtime stories on neo-roger.com at three in the AM.
Come on, Eric.
Hit with it.
Well, he's probably busy at the parliament house to at least two 30.
Denver.
A recall election is now set for an SD's park Colorado trustee who refuses to stand up
and recite the Pledge of Allegiance during the town board meetings.
I have not been standing for the Pledge of Allegiance due to a conflict.
I have with the wording of the pledge specifically words under God,
Councilman David Habaker said, good for you.
You go, boy.
Habaker said it's a violation of church in state to include the words in the pledge.
And for that reason, he won't stand.
This ties in with what I was talking about last week about forcing you to stand
at the invocation and football games like tonight.
How about one nation under?
Deal, God.
How would that be?
Sacrilegate.
The board began reciting the Pledge before meetings earlier this year.
The suggestion of trustee Laurie Jeffrey Clark.
I wonder if she's kind of Jeff Clark who used to be the sales manager at IOD.
Another real puss.
She suggested that it is a way to show respect for the country during wartime.
Jeffrey Clark said Habaker is expressing his personal views,
not representing townspeople when he sits down.
Habaker reserved on the town board for 12 years and he doesn't oppose the meaning of the
Pledge and considers himself a patriotic American.
But some of the council members and residents are upset about his actions and have enough
signatures to hold a recall election that will occur on Tuesday, February 15th.
All residents will vote on what they'll recall David Havik or on a choice for his replacement
in the event of a recall passing.
The recalls expected cost a few thousand dollars.
I'm sad for the community that there's that much intolerance in our community but if
the people don't have a voice on what's going on, this is the way of doing it and I will
respect whatever the wishes of the community are, Habaker said.
Ashtie's Park, which has about 5,500 residents, is the eastern gateway to Rocky Mountain
National Park, about 60 miles northwest of Denver.
And I have a feeling I know the kind of people who live there near the Rocky Mountain National
Park, don't you?
Oh yeah.
So anyway, they'll probably say, out with your ass, okay, because you're just exercising
your own freedom and your own personality.
It was an espadly known to prove that.
But that's no longer the American, and I think the way especially in the middle of
the Nazi party running the country ends for another four years.
So I'll look and see if that is right.
Yeah.
We're disturbed over the whole thing.
I don't want to keep reading all these stories.
It's too much like doing a regular show.
I thought this week we're not doing regular shows.
Don't we only got three to do it?
Huh?
You can just blow it out.
When in doubt, blow it out?
How's that pool coming?
I do want to get a lot of calls into this.
It is the holidays.
I'm sure a lot of people out there just dying to wish us all a QM, the entire staff, a
happy holiday.
Thank you for the great work we've done for them in the past 12 months.
Do you think they want to do that?
No.
I know they do.
They're like, oh, sure they do.
Which best describes your feelings about Christmas?
That's a nice timely pool question.
Today we got 140 votes.
That's pretty weak.
That is pretty weak.
You better lean on that pool so we feel like there's somebody out there, okay?
Or we're just going to play.
What?
What?
How are they?
What do you say?
Curtis Stevenson's going to be doing that between two and four foot of mad dog, but
eight hours of.
Yeah.
Right?
I kind of like that.
What's wrong with that?
Doesn't like it.
What?
What?
What?
That's what they want.
Anyway, 140 votes, which best describes the way you feel about?
Excellent.
I mean, Christmas.
Don't take the Christ out of Christmas for Christ's sake.
Pay me.
Pay me the half of Jesus.
All right.
Who else's sake would you do it for?
How about?
Damn God.
Yeah.
I really don't care to whatever you want.
Whatever makes you happy.
Okay.
String all the bulbs and the lights and make the big, gaudy trees and just like the people
with the fireworks on the fourth of July and all these other, you know, whatever.
Whatever turns on.
Pay me the S-51 to expensive 26.
My favorite holiday 26 strictly for goyam 14, fun 12 and important.
The birth of our savior, only 11 since the religion significance is I hate to break
the news to Bill Abiliyadani, but it's I think of the past.
It's strictly economics now.
All the business people are desperate during this part of the year to make all the big
bucks.
And if they don't do it now, they're screwed.
They're done.
They're screwed and had to their finito finito.
That's it.
Right?
Right.
I forget what the percentage of, I think that some businesses do like 50% of their entire
years business.
Dependent of the business.
Dependent of the business between 40 and 60.
So yeah, between the end Thanksgiving and the end of the year.
So they got to do it right now.
So it's a matter of survival to them.
Forget about Jesus and Mary and the manger and the savior and the this and the that and
all that.
And the crucifixion will hold off to least your time when it's more good money to be made.
All the holidays now just become commercial enterprises.
It's great to have the time off.
And then of course the one thing that you folks are missing out on all of this year.
It's a bummer because both Christmas and New Year's, wind up on a Saturday and this
year the day after Christmas, which all around the rest of the world is boxing day.
The 26th is on a Sunday.
Now here in Canada, boxing day is like almost as big as Christmas.
And they have all the stores open for boxing.
They sales once upon a time back in the day.
They used to all be closed just like on Christmas day.
They be closed for two days for boxing day, which I still don't know what it means in
Europe.
They celebrated too.
Can anybody tell us what boxing day is?
No, is that where you box stuff up?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's the item.
I don't know what it is.
Has nothing to do with like cardboard box?
No, not that kind of box or like boxing in the ring.
Somebody will tell us what that means.
Boxing day.
So they have huge gigantic sales in all the countries where although I noticed in Amsterdam,
for example, the day after Christmas, boxing day, a lot of the stores were closed.
I don't know what that's all about.
Well, somebody somebody will inform us on boxing day.
It's very important.
It's very important.
First we got a lot of time to kill today anyway and all this week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7, 0, let's get one call in before we take the break.
Show me.
Okay.
This is our work that I just find for me.
I mean, okay, it was all right.
It was just, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was all right.
It was all right.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, boxing day is the boxing day of the gloves.
The boxing day of the gloves?
Yeah, I think you got a glove in your, yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Boxing day is when you get stuff for Christmas, right?
Yeah.
So you give away your old craft.
You put it in a box and you give it to the fore.
See it out of here.
Is that it?
Is that really what it is?
Yeah, it's really what it is.
You like it?
I accept the craft that you had for Christmas and you give it away to the open.
No, you've asked him the old junk.
Oh, I see.
You've asked him the old junk.
You've asked him the old toaster and you've put in a box and you give it to some little
slipper on the street corner.
Exactly.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Yes, sir.
I'm not sure if I believed it, but it sounded pretty good.
You want to see some Neil Rogers?
It's a Lucid Lady on 560 AM.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
This is your boy.
Go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
Yeah, we're going to say my dough.
The thing is, single bells over and over again.
Single bells over and over again.
I've got a mind brain.
I can't take it no more.
This is people kids outside.
They're really one big thing in my family.
Singing people from that night tour.
I feel it getting the garlic.
It's just a go away.
Singing the jingle bells off key.
The just father and me ringing.
My dog bell to just be in the awkward.
My Christmas.
I just wish those damn carolers were going away.
Carolers said my dough was singing single bells over and over again.
Single bells over and over again.
I've got a mind brain.
I can't take it no more.
It's 11.1560.
All the authorities on that, man.
How many we got on that?
Voters, man.
Anyway, here's a boxing day.
The day after Christmas, the feast of St. Stephen,
the first Christian martyr is better known as boxing day.
The term may come from the opening of church four boxes that day.
Maybe from the earthenware boxes with which boy apprentice is collected money
at the doors of their master's clients.
Nowadays, as we often see, in certain families, gifts, boxes,
given to those who provide services throughout the year.
Boxing day is listed in the Canada Labor Code,
this LABOUR, of course.
The Canada Labor Code is a holiday.
And here's what the month more consistently Canada website.
A little bit too short to kill any good time.
The name of boxing day comes from the need to rid the house of empty boxes
that after Christmas is acclaimed.
A lot of people make the, uh, but it's false.
False.
Few Americans have anything that the events,
is such a thing as boxing day, let alone what the reason might be for a holiday so named.
However, before one concludes, we're about to rag on a, uh,
mericentric attitudes as this website,
snopes.com.
For other cultures, we should quickly point out that even though boxing day is celebrated in Australia,
Britain, New Zealand and Canada,
not all that many in those countries have much of a notion as to why they get the 26th of December off,
boxing day might well be a statutory holiday in some of those lands,
but it's not a well understood one.
Well, that's why we're here today, like, straightened out for you, okay?
That went about straightened out.
Despite the live, the image is suggested by the name and has nothing to do with
pugilistic expositions between tanked up family members who have been dearly looking forward
to taking a round out of each other for the past year.
Likewise, it does not gain its name from the overpowering need to rid the house of an excess
of wrappings and mountains of now useless cardboard boxes
that they after St. Nick arrived to turn a perfectly charming early home into a
male storm of discarded tissue paper.
The name also has nothing to do with returning unwanted gift to the stores they came from,
hence its common association with calling about boxes on the day after
Christmas.
The holidays roots can be traced to Britain, of course, where boxing day is also known
to St. Stefan's Day, or that's St. Stephen?
St. Stephen.
St. Stephen.
Ian's, so must be Steve Adonham.
Who don't know?
Somebody's St. St. St. in so little time.
Reduced to the simplest essence its origins are found in a long-go practice of giving
cash or durable goods to those at lower classes.
Gives among equals where exchange on or before Christmas day.
Benefit, what is it?
Benefit, Benefit's in season.
What is that?
Benefit's in season.
I don't have any idea what that word is to those last four years that would be stowed
to the after.
Wow, try to say that word.
I want to hear you say it.
I've got to say it red.
Benefit's in, Benefit's in season.
Gifts.
To those last four years.
Why can't they just say gifts?
And that's about as much as anyone can definitely say about its origin because once you step
beyond that point, it's straight into the quagmire of the made of claims and dueling folk
lures to which by the way is what we're about to muddy our boots with.
Although there is general agreement that the holidays of British origin has nothing to
do with giving presents to the less fortunate, there still is dispute as to how the name
came about or precisely what unequal relationship is being recognized.
At various times, the following so-called origins have been loudly asserted as the correct
one.
And that's got a whole list of these.
Centuries ago, ordinary members of the merchant class gave boxes of food and fruit to
trades people in servants to the after Christmas in an ancient form of eul-tied tip.
Benefit's in season.
These gifts were an expression of gratitude to those who worked for them in much the same
way that one now tips the paper one extra twenty bucks at Christmas or slips to building
superintendents to bottle a fine whiskey.
These long ago gifts were done up in boxes, hence the day coming to be known as Boxing Day.
And that's got a whole bunch of us if we want to kill some time, like some day when,
you know, like today.
No, get out of here.
We have lots of good stuff to play today.
And tons of great calls.
You'll see five, six, seven.
I think I'm getting like a sore throat.
I think you'll be good all this week.
Huh?
No, just a little scratch.
What do you expect when it's minus thirty two windshield man?
Oh, God.
It is just.
It's nice and toasting here.
Actually, I have my shirt on.
I got my t-shirt and my shirt and my walking shorts.
Not the plaid ones that Moa sent me.
I got my walking shorts on because they'll be sitting here like practically stark naked
would be not a good idea.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Don't know if you saw that, but it's a Dolomore special on conservative radio and media.
Previous employees of Clear Channel and Sinclair Network is very good.
Previous employees.
Yeah.
People that work for Sinclair and Clear Channel.
Uh-huh.
Very good show.
It's a Dolomore special.
Also, moving down to the best place to take a Kakasushu.
Okay, thanks.
That's the last week's pull.
We did the best restrooms in town.
We didn't say Kakasushu, but nevertheless.
Kakasushu?
Yeah.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.
60 out of Ryzen.
Singular Rylus line blooming bells.
I'm sure they must have lovely tea rooms at blooming bells.
Although they do not allow you to do the limbo rock there like they do with the JC pennies
in Westland.
WQM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh-huh.
Yes, Neil.
Yeah.
Happy, happy Boxing Day.
And I want to take great job to the whole station and uh-made the Lord's medicine be on
all of you.
Special uses.
We don't believe on it anyway.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
Good day.
Oh, God.
Happy X-mas, man.
Mary Chinooka, happy X-mas.
I joyous and festive and you will tie the New Year and all of the crap.
Okay.
Just to make somebody some money, that's all it is.
And you know what we ought to play though?
What?
That we never played.
Well, it's because everybody forgot it.
Where the hell is the good stuff?
Oh, yeah.
Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem.
I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year
2000 compliant.
This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass.
Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass to everyone.
We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an
opportunity to get a good look at my ass.
We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can
use my ass.
This restriction will be removed after my ass expands.
Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous.
I never put anything in my ass before.
I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively
painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to
kiss my ass.
As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass.
As my ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor
to hand work to an employee and say, here, stick this in my ass.
It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond, here it is.
I just pulled it out of my ass.
Right, Tom.
Lovely.
Anyway, in Fargo last night there was a green line.
Oh, he's a little gyre kind of funny.
That's one of my favorites.
Oh, he's a little gyre kind of funny.
He's all the people in North Dakota, Montana.
That's it.
Everybody that age, the lunch.
Go to the lunch.
Go to the lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
Anyway, don't see that movie.
I already heard it.
I ran it bringing the thing in because I keep for you.
The sweet hereafter, a film by Adam at Goiam with Ian Homes.
No, it's seriously so highly talented.
And who was trying to compete with the one I called it?
Oh, it was great.
You had to be stoned to watch it.
It was really great.
Well, enjoy watching a movie stoned and compete in much like them all.
I'll tell you that.
Maybe you'd like to go see his play in Miami.
No, no.
5.6.7.
I don't think we're going to get a lot of calls today.
People are busy.
It's like the 20th of December and are counting down the final shopping days in their
in a frantic desperate rush.
Plus, it's got so cold and so flora.
Oh, yeah, it's in the 50s.
Oh, geez.
What are we going to say?
What a bunch of spoiled pansies, man.
You want to know cold.
You don't know from cold, OK?
I mean, just, I'll take it when it's cold.
When you walk outside in a windshield warning tells you that if you stay, if your skin is
exposed to the outdoors too long, your face, your skin can freeze, right?
That's cold.
Like it is right now.
Tosty.
It is really toasty inside.
Bush is on it right now, but it turned off CNN for a breath of fresh air.
Oh, look at that.
It's already a toasty minus 18 Celsius.
Now I'm going to reach a high of minus 14 this afternoon.
What's not to like?
I might even actually be able to go outdoors for a couple of minutes.
People like the supermarkets and crap like that.
Not too far, though.
5.6.7.0.5.60.
Pound 5.60 on a Verizon singular wireless lines.
If you missed our show starting at 10 today, you missed out a great first hour.
Oh, God.
It's too pennous.
That's right.
It was phenomenal.
And you're probably saying, well, how come you're on it?
Because during the vacation from now on the end of the year, January 2.
So as a result, all this week you get an extra bonus.
And for those people just dying for George to come back like Maddie Bell,
George will be on Thursday and Friday and then to the end of the year.
So I'll low Friday.
I don't know.
We got that straight now.
He's working on it.
It clear it says.
Oh, he's working on it.
I'll bet.
That's what the beast told me.
He's been working on it a lot.
WQA and line nine.
Hello.
Neil, hey, yes, sir.
Bowling alley.
Bowling alley.
Bowling alley.
Yeah, it's a great place to take a zone.
Is it really?
Yeah, it's like real quiet during the day.
And it's a big, porcelain palace.
We have plenty of stalls.
Uh-huh.
Nice.
OK, well, I'm going to head down down to Matavey to Mancuso Lane's or whatever they called it.
Mancuso family had a restaurant bowling alley.
They owned pretty much the whole town back in the day when I worked there at WBTA in
Batavia, New York.
That's 63.
That's 41 years ago.
Seeing the first place.
And we know.
He's still buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh.
I mean, wouldn't you think he gave us a break for the holidays?
Go away.
Go to lunch, George.
All right.
God, no, not you.
I'm talking to George with a G that I had with the ashwars.
Yeah, him.
That one.
WQA, hello.
And you.
Yes, sir.
You always complain about how bad a government is, but you're not scared.
You don't sound scared.
What does that mean?
That you don't have a good.
Scared of what?
Scared of what?
Bush.
No, I'm scared of idiots like you running around loose.
That's what I'm scared of.
You don't sound scared.
Of course you're not.
You're safe.
Yeah, I'm safe.
I'm far away where I'm safe.
But I'll be there soon.
I'm going to hunt you down, you jackass, like a dog.
WQA, hello.
QA.
I'm too late.
And probably just as well.
QA, hello.
Too many idiots like that around, man.
Yeah.
Behold it.
It's like a meal.
Okay.
Hey, had you seen Eddie Kaplan and Larry David in the same room?
Right.
They look a lot.
Chronic.
Okay.
They're out of material now.
Told you.
So now that's when we're going to look kind of segue.
This is the moment market down.
Market in the log.
This is the moment that we're going to start segue into playing a lot of great stuff for
the holidays.
And maybe like taking a casual call.
And maybe even some of these bedtime stories, if you push me, but I don't think so.
Push, push.
Campaign of this section used to push, pick your other songs up the charts.
This is so, so typical.
That's why you ought to be afraid what's going on in America right now, not in your government.
Oh, yeah.
Of your government.
Of him.
Of him.
Be very afraid.
You clown.
You clown.
You clown.
You clown.
You clown.
You clown.
You clown.
You clown.
You clown.
This station presents real American heroes.
Real American hero.
Real American hero.
Today, we shall review Mr. New Year's Eve Noisemaker Maker.
Mr. New Year's Eve Noisemaker Maker.
That deafening racket is made possible by your quiet dedication to making cheap cardboard
whistles, paper blowouts, and those plastics, anything that go rrrrrrr.
You, Mr. New Year's Eve Noisemaker Maker, assemble a crummy plastic horn, but you know,
your job's not done until you add dorky plastic cringe.
Now, it's time to make some noise.
So at 12.03 a.m. on January 1st, when you turn blue from to do like a man for us,
tip your pointy cardboard hat in salute to Mr. New Year's Eve Noisemaker Maker, a real
American hero.
Hey, you badon, I can't hear it tick-t tick.
You're supposed to climb the cigarette, a Christmas for your local s**t circle, this governs your town.
He's making our list.
He's checking it tight.
If you check the twice more, that'll make a five, seven, five, and ten, and he's out.
And what is going on?
He sees you when you're stupid.
And he knows when you're half baked.
He sees it all on MTV's of perfect goodness, hey.
Oh, you better be good.
Don't be like us.
Time got a clue.
And don't you cuss, dad.
And it goes his girlfriend to dad.
We're so good.
You look like Santa Aziz.
Everybody's over the f**king road.
Oh, it's a bad Christmas for your local s**t circle.
It's one of the most famous crazy things.
11 times of dinner.
Time to skirt your wrinkles.
Wait, I'm going to say check-in.
I hope it's going to ring to the bottom of the mouth.
Take it off, tarry, jammers.
I don't know, I'm okay.
The gorgeous diner bag.
Very straight up, kids.
Super thick, it is.
Let's go out and show them how to do it.
This year, ringing the holiday season
with a boy's-lit rings as clear as a jingle bell.
It's a macy grey Christmas.
Oh, it's a Christmas.
Oh, it's a Christmas.
Oh, it's a bad year.
It's a Christmas.
Grammy award-winning vocalist, Macy Gray,
sings in a style that's beyond compare,
and a language that's beyond comprehension.
Macy Gray, on a macy grey Christmas,
Macy sings all her u-old type favorites like
Hide the ha-e-e-a-hey, Ra-e-e-a-hey,
and this indescribable classic.
Macy Gray Christmas.
Macy Gray Christmas.
Macy Gray Christmas is available at your local dance.
Twenty after eleven at five, sixty-dewy-cue-a-m,
two disgusting stories.
All right, this one, I just don't get this at all.
Katie pops up on list to take Dan's cheer.
Katie Kourik.
Okay.
Have you ever heard anything so ridiculous in all your life?
Not lately.
What about the Solano Bryan?
Huh?
Or Nancy Gray?
Nancy Gray should be a real pleasant.
CBS has a new name on top of its list of potential replacement for Dan Rather.
Katie Kourik.
All of these things.
A Kourik broadcasting and cable magazine,
CBS wants to land a superstar to take over for Rather,
and today's show, Diva is its top choice.
Diva My Ass.
Oh, how do you do that?
Give me a break.
You use a stick.
Virtually, everyone in the news pantheon,
whose younger than sixty, is tied up,
even longer than Kourik,
or simply doesn't want the gig in magazine reports.
Rather, as headhunter Taren March,
we can give the show out.
CBS would likely name someone to take over the job on an interim basis,
then make way for Katie,
which he becomes free in 2006.
Oh, brother.
Oh, my God.
Early show co-host Harry Smith,
face-to-nation moderator Bob Sheeper,
or 60 minutes correspondent Ed Bradley,
among those mentioned as possible placeholders.
Kourik would command a salary of $20 million or more than magazine reports,
only David Letterman who earns about 31 million years from CBS,
and Jay Leno, whose most recent deal pays him 27 million from NBC,
would be paid more on a network TV.
Kourik's agent Alan Berger told a magazine
there's nothing to talk about right now.
But reports that Katie could not end up as the signature figure of CBS news,
are sure to send shockwaves to a TV world,
listening to The New York Post.
CBS could kill two birds with one stone by stealing Kourik,
without only getting one of TV's fewer remaining superstar reporters,
but would take her off the ratings top today show.
That would probably be a bigger favor to ABC,
where the Diane's, sorry, hosted Good Morning America,
is gaining on today, but still trails than the CBS.
CBS's wake up show is far in third place.
Since they had Bryant Gumball on there,
they just haven't been able to recover.
Not to mention Jose Diaz Balar,
Bryant would far.
Kourik might be too open to a change of scenery if not ours,
says Katie's been getting up early for 14 years now.
Now, that is a disgusting thought.
In fact, there's only one thing, if they put Katie Kourik on as the anchor,
I would want to say the CBS news at that point.
Bye, bye, bye!
Yeah, so long, Bryant winners are looking better every minute, you know.
Now, this story is going to make you want to puke.
I'll get a bucket.
Guardsman killed Iraqi after sex.
Okay.
A North Carolina National Guard member thought to be the first US soldier
convicted of murdering an Iraqi city snatched,
and shot the 17-year-old boy after they had consensual sex,
according to Court Marshal Records released this week.
Lovely.
Private Federico Daniel Marida, 21 of Bisco,
Italian town south of Ashbrone, North Carolina,
pleaded guilty during the Court Marshal in Iraq
that shooting the Iraqi National Guard private,
whose name, the army was held.
And his privates are being held also.
Marida was sentenced September 25th to 25 years in prison and reduced in rank,
he'll be dishonorably discharged.
Army officials at forward operating base danger,
where the Court Marshal was held, with held details of the case saying the records
had to be approved by a general, they released the records to the
Raleigh-Durham News and Observer on Thursday.
Major Neil E. O'Brien said Army rules required that most of the names be inked out,
including the veil out of the victim.
The LA Times reported shortly after the Court Marshal's name was Fala Zagam.
According to the records of Ghamman Marida,
were in guard duty, May 11th, in a tower in the perimeter of an army camp near
to Crete in northern Iraq.
About 10.30 pm Marida shots again, reportedly with his, repeatedly,
with his M4 carbine, carbine.
The gay panic motive was the third that Marida offered.
He first told investigators that Zagam demanded money at gunpoint.
Later he said he killed Zagam because the boy forced him to have sex.
This is an American soldier.
In a view of the third time, my skeptical investigators, Marida said he got angry
after the two had consensual sex.
When the boy went to the Latrine, Marida began to crack an excuse for killing him.
According to the records, Marida told investigators that he picked up Zagam's AK-47 rifle
and tampered a bullet so that it was ready to fire.
He then pulled out the magazine, which held the rest of the bullets and put it aside.
When in doubt, he pulled it out.
When Zagam returned, Marida handed the gun back.
Marida then grabbed the boy's trigger finger, forcing him to fire a bullet into the ceiling.
Marida then radioed the camp headquarters and said Zagam had tried to kill him after demanding money.
Marida dropped the radio, raised his own gun, assured version of the M16 assault rifle.
Marida first shot at the floor of the guard tower, then in Zagam's legs.
According to an account that Marida shot to the court, Marshall.
Zagam tried to arrest the way the rifle and Marida shot him in the groin.
Zagam clucked at a railing and fell down the stairs as Marida kept shooting.
The accused fired a couple more rounds into the lifeless body, then took his magazine out and set it aside.
Put his weapon down a call to report he had just killed the Iraqi National Guard soldier who had tried to rob him.
The account sighed by Marida, said the boy was hit by 11 bullets.
In an agreement with the Army that limited his prison sentence to no more than 25 years, Marida pleaded not guilty to premeditated murder,
but guilty to murder without premeditation. He pleaded guilty to two cops and giving false statements in his initial explanations.
He was found not guilty of their election of duty for having consensual sex while he should have been guarding the camp.
During the court, Marshall Marida apologized to the victim's family.
He was a son of brother, someone very important to them. He said, I took someone they loved and cared for.
Friends and family members wrote to the Army asking for reduction in Marida's sentence, saying the fact that his son atop her needs him,
and that his wife speaks a little English and relies on him. Marida was born in Veracruz, Mexico and moved to the US as a child.
A man who went to the phone at the family's home in Biscoe declined to identify himself or said whether the family had heard from Marida recently.
I don't know nothing, man. He said, I don't know anything, man. I don't know anything, man.
Marida's confided for 11 more Kansas, a little more than what spokesman said.
Major Robert Carver spoke to him in the National Care and North Carolina National Guard's Rolly Headquarters, said guard leaders here knew a little about the case.
He said if there was anything positive about them, plus the case it was that it should serve notice to a racky's about how justice should work.
And don't be doing those gay things. Obviously, one of the things we're trying to do in our racky's fostering environment that includes the rule of law rather than dictatorship.
And hopefully this demonstrates to the rackies he said that we're doing it. The rule of law was applied and guilty of been punished.
The Audi Audi, Audi in a partridge in paratry. The matter with guys still dead.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my my, my, my my, my, my, my. my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my my. my, my my. my, my, my, my paper, paper, paper, paper, paper. iA
my paper, paper, paper of paper has one that iA
Oh yeah Christmas Christmas to me means family and family means friends
The friends means getting together and getting together means
Dayton all pass me that time to take which place
Not just more later here right now
You know, I may be a big star maybe too big, but anybody's so big you can reach out a helping hand
Helping
I hand oh yeah
Hand me a helping those my taters over there, which believe like it. Thank you. I'm like
No, I was trying to ain't nobody's on bag. He can stoop to help a friend in need over the holiday season
I was freaking a season
We're gonna pass me that soul trigger when you get the chance like it. Yeah, just just a screw the cover
That's like
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take it to up from old ails
Now I'll leave those stay here right where they are. You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it. Thank you. I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family
And you know God made man unto his own image and look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big big
Son of a gun you know what I mean? I think you do
But especially once y'all remember this one last thing
You know that whom is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree
Save a big big bowl for the can
Extra butter the little money like you do
If I didn't record you've seen his film you'll even purchase the day glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station as a true
Elvis fan you think you've heard it all but wait there's more now
You can buy secrets recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes. It's the Elvis tapes
Hello, baby
I want you to come over right now make me a big peanut butter and never so
Yo here elders in his most intimate moments
All piece of mail case of
Want you bring over a couple large
Don't make a sex double cheese
And you'll hear elders reveal how we really feels about the one true love of his life
I want you back. I want you back. I'm a lot of baby
And I'll do way back
Would you pick up some doughnuts please
make
For being
The
approval
spiritual
This song
to the John Taylor Sinner Reader.
Someone says it is babe, hey, honey!
Andrew, nice play.
What say we get married in a doctor foster child?
No!
Yes, the nice man who's back, telling it like it is.
And these jade people, hey, it ain't my thing.
But then again, who am I the judge?
No!
Andrew, nice play.
Okay, I got a poem for you.
Little boy blue is no.
Andrew, nice play.
And the I love everybody to her with special guests,
Pat Boone and Debbie Gibson.
Sponsored by Wonder Bread, reserve your tickets now.
Hey, and one more thing.
Have a nice day.
This holiday season, the spirit of peace on earth,
and goodwill towards men, is alive.
The sci-fi channel proudly presents a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack house whack.
Live from a burnt out dilapidated storefront in the alley behind
Freeland Highs and Avenue in Newark, New Jersey.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack is whack.
With special guests, Yasmeem Bliefs, Life Garrett, Nick Nolte, and Mary and Barry.
Towards the night before Christmas, I be parked in my car,
Snowing some Coke and drinking beer from the yard.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas,
With a surprise appearance by the Newark Undercovered Arctotic Division,
And Whitney's by-folar husband, Bobby Brown.
Miss Crack is cheap.
Brought to you without commercial or an eruption by Jamal and Kehime,
Who supplied them a Carter Highway Hood.
Crack is whack.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Miss Crack.
It's a 24-till-noon.
Happy holidays from Bobby Brown and Whitney I'm sure, right?
Happyest.
Maybe he'll send you something for Boxing Day.
310 votes on a poll, which best describes your feelings about Christmas?
Pain in the ass.
Rectome.
Speaking of ass to ass.
101 votes, but that's the biggest by far,
Leading this poll today.
Million miles ahead.
I had to just break down and turn the heat on in here, you know?
The actual internal.
The actual in building the point.
I'm going to circle out.
Pretty soon.
I just had.
Because it's like the temperature, the actual temperature right now is minus 18 Celsius.
I thought you bought out a space heater.
I do, but I can't bring that in here.
It makes a lot of noise.
Oh, I did.
I had that in the bedroom to sleep, you know, which is great.
Nice and toasty.
I mean, makes it like a furnace.
But in here, it's starting to get a little on the chili side.
No, I'm saying like about minus 85.
So I cranked up the master heat, which by now it should be all blown out.
Wouldn't you think?
Throughout the building you'd think, but then you got your own fence there.
It would have been out there in the smell, you know, that sickening smell of artificial heat.
The musty dust.
Oh, man.
Ah!
Anyway, painting the S-101 on Christmas to a Spence in 56 as in Q56.
My favorite holiday, 47, my very favorite.
There's my very least favorite president.
And then among other things, the president.
Yeah.
Strictly for going in Christmas, 43, fun, 38, and important, the birth of our Savior, only 25.
Oh, brother, what would poor Abyl Donnie who'd think about that?
And your friend Dennis O'Donnell, whatever his name is.
Then Mr. Menus.
Campaign of deception used to push patriotic songs up the charts.
One thing I love about these good religious babble thumpin' Yahoo Red Staters is that they're all
a bunch of hypocrites and liars and phonies.
I love that.
Country singer, now is that CHELY.
I don't want to even say it.
Cheli?
Chilli?
Okay, let's say chili.
Chili?
It is kind of chili.
That's why it's turned the heat on.
Country singer, Cheli Wright, said yesterday she was dismissing the head of her fan club
and shutting down a team of volunteers.
After the Tennessean learned that some of them posed as members of the military or their
families to promote her latest song.
They posed.
You got that?
Posers.
Seventeen members of a hand-picked team of fans contacted radio stations around the
country asking for more airplay for Wright's pro-military ballad, the bumper of my SUV.
It was all part of an organized campaign by leaders of the fan club who encouraged the team
to do such things as tell them your husband's a Marine, whatever it takes.
Right, make up any story you want.
After Wright learned the Tennessee and the intended to publish an article about the
campaign in today's newspaper, she issued a statement saying she had dismissed Chuck
Walter a longtime friend who's headed her fan club since 1996.
Wright said she was shot, said, and deeply upset by this unethical behavior.
She said Walter was an unpaid volunteer who acted without my knowledge or direction.
In an interview with the earlier Wright had described Walter as my best friend.
And we talk all the time about everything, she said, my best friend.
The success of bumper has been a bit unusual compared with the way things generally go
in country music.
Last week the song was listed by Billboard magazine as the second fastest selling single
in country music.
Even though Wright no longer has a deal with a major record label, the promotional power
of a major label is usually essential in getting sales as well as radio play.
The bumper of my SUV is being distributed independently and the song is appeared to be
getting unusual grassroots support.
Or is that grassroots, grassroots support?
Some radio stations reported lots of calls and emails from listeners who wanted to hear
bumper play, including members of the military and their families.
Last week the Tennessee and learned that many of those calls and emails were coming from
a team of 17 fan club members who were encouraged to pose as either members of the armed forces
or their spouses and contact radio stations around the country asking for the song to
be played.
Increased their play not only can move a song up to Billboard charts, resulting in publicity,
but also can equate more people with the song and bring additional records sales.
One member of the campaign team was Stephanie Hoffpower, a pretty when-year-old music teacher
from Lafayette, Louisiana, who contacted the Tennessee and said she was stepping forward
because her conscience was bothered by what the team was doing for Wright.
The whole military thing was just wrong, she said.
She's not stepping on other artists she's stepping on troops.
Hoffpower will be seen.
I don't like that.
Well, there's work.
Then good Bible, thumb and tenisees believe you me that two months I spent in Nashville.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
That's a different planet.
Yeah, that's like nothing earth, that's like more like Uranus.
You're listening to Neil Rajekto.
The question is, why do you think you're going back to Canada?
You feel bad suddenly?
You really rockin'?
You rockin' care and I'll be back up.
And most millionaires will be the rockin'.
So why should anyone care for our baddest roads?
I'm a happy white guy, who's like a Chinese thief, who's a meolo, like a common thief and a go-butt.
He's dead, but I was freed before a baddest road.
He's the oldest, he's a gypsy on a brand new, a baddest road.
He's a lovely, mildly, mildly, more baddest road.
He must have the fit to check the friggin' and the baddest road.
The flyy sound just like the earthy sky.
It may be dying, but people never leave.
They're on a high shelf, like the breeze or the meat, and then revive it.
Just for him, he's a good rock, baddest road.
He must have the fit to check the friggin' and the baddest road.
He must have the fit to check the friggin' and the baddest road.
You know, he might just go up to the coast of Canada, and cars watch around and leave.
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just your image, you know?
I'm just my image.
But they ever and far, you know the good stuff, shine
I was looking at you in the eye, baby, I was saying you're wrong
Then the wealth of those bad sheets, and drop you long baby
I'm a judge, just sad, and she far just a matter, when a bad sad truth
And the friends got scared when they're making money
Who do you best?
Who do you best?
Who do you best?
She's an extraordinary woman
She's always calling it
Here's a brand new game on the kids' heart, learnin' to pray now
In every big city all across the US and they now
So keep yourself some hard, we're in for the other fellow away now
If all got guns, guns, guns, out there on the streets today
I'm sure it's guns, out there on the streets today
I'm sure it's gunna music, she brought it, if you're showing talent
I'm sure it's gunna show, if you're feeling proud, it's not gunna 30
It's special to sell now
It's special to sell
They can care as teachers, you'll learn about before the bell will come
Now before the day, that gun's guns, guns, out there on the streets today
I'm sure it's guns, out there on the streets today
I'm only working for the girls, you can make like green parade now
Be the first kid on your block, just become something very away now
When you have to carry away
So what a Johnny can't read, he can still join the NRM E9
Now be an ordinary kid, if got guns, guns, guns, guns, take it all
Though each other's a way, they're a chance, guns, make it
If all got guns, guns, guns, guns, out there on the streets today
I'm sure it's guns, out there on the streets today
Hey, man, how are you doing?
Hey, if you've been riding around your little ride of Cousin for Babes all day
You've probably pretty hungry right now right?
Let's get on though, go home, where you gonna watch your ass
Keep your elbows on the table, take business, thank you
You know that a blue hat comes the ass goes weird, not your mama
The moon chef service Mexican restaurant
Excuse me, I'd like to be conkeys, the door special
Hey man, you can't teach whatever you want, because I ain't gonna get for you
We're not your mama, not your mama, not your mama, serve another mess up, anything you want
It's not a civil bed to make it yourself
Ah, that was great!
Hey, where you going? I'm gonna go pick that up for you
Why so teach us man?
So for TexMash with more respect, it's not your mama
Do it yourself when I show mama
All right
Down through the strip point, back to the toe
You can find her in the garden on the side of the road home
He said honey, God, honey, go to you
But when you take them they back, it's the private
For the devil
God
That's an evil
Take your clothes on she misses
I brought her home, so she's down to like a tuna pig
Thinking of a big road of this patch
You don't leave out the trail, get your tail where it's at
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Girls just behind the losing fat guys
She know how to make the golden fry
That then takes time to shout it out
We need to skip far from the town
Go on and go
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
That then go on and go
Hey
Hey
I'm 52, haven't I just love it
Who does it?
Anyway, I was thinking now when did I play this?
I think I can like do the thing with my little finger
Really?
Yeah, oh yeah, what do you see?
It's quite a magic trick
I'm serious, I think I can play this
We got to play this South Park, Mary Christmas, right?
Didn't I do this a couple weeks ago?
I don't know
Maybe I did it last week
Did I play last week Josh and I managed to do a fine job
Yeah, it was good
It was okay, let me try it again, I doubt it, but I'll try
I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle piece
No trees, no snow, no sand to claws
They have different religious beliefs
They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday
And so every December I go to the middle east and fly
Hey there, mister mudlums, Mary Christmas
Put down that book the Quran and hear some holiday wishes
Oh right
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus says, Martite
So get off your heat and mudlum, ask him
Fucking cell upright
See that was okay, it's a fine thing
There is no holiday season in India, I've heard
They don't hang out their stockings and that is just absurd
They never read a Christmas story, they don't know what Rudolph is about
And that is why in December I'll go to India and fly
Hi there, mister Hindu, as Mary Christmas
Free kick-knock any fun beef and pasta to the sea
Take case you haven't noticed, if Jesus said, Martite
So get off your heat and mudlum, ask him
Fucking cell upright
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin
They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin
On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and fly
Hi there, mister Hindu, as Mary
Christmas God is gonna kick her ass you into hell like the pagan scum
In case you haven't noticed, they're said that thanks to you
So let's all rejoice for Jesus, Martite
I'm in Christmas with you
On Christmas Day I travel around the world and say
That was Christmas bonus and all you ABS-2
Mary in Christmas
Oh yeah
Wow, practice makes perfect, totally beautiful
Oh man, the smell of that heat in my place
Oh, it's gonna be nasty
I know it, smell wow
Dirt, huh? Like dust
Yeah, no, it's not dust you're in
It's just the artificial heat you're in
It's like, what your time in Florida when it gets in the 30s and 40s and then you gotta crank the heat up
And it dries out your sinuses and your passages
And you're like, even your...
Oh god, you're gonna get those bloody scabby boogers before it's too low
Ooh, I can't wait, I like that
Maybe that's one of the benefits
Small plane crashed yesterday morning into a radio station tower killing two people aboard
temporarily knocking the station off the air official set
Are you sure?
That's what it says here
The single engine Cesar plane struck the KFI radio tower about 9.49am
And the tower tumble to the ground
Said, just like that station in Key West that we were on for about five minutes
Remember that, the one ahead the tower knocked out
Oh god
Said, and your Hawkins and dispatch survivor were the LA County Fire Department
TV footage showed that I'm here to put tall red and white tower and pieces on the ground surrounded by plane wreckage
A man and a woman were pronounced dead Hawkins, said a small fire was also extinguished
KFI at talking news station was off the air for about an hour following me accident
Said, Leslie Lotto, an editor at the station at telephone call to the FAA was not immediately returned
I guess they must have like more than one tower, must be a multiple...
Because KFI is 50,000 watts, alright?
So I'm assuming they have like, I don't know, it doesn't say that yet
As in what's the deal?
Or maybe they have like a backup?
I don't know, I don't know how that works
That would be bad. Now where the hell is our tower?
Do we have any idea?
I don't know, I think it's all about an island somewhere
Because you know we can go 50,000 watts if the beesleys spend about 80 billion dollars and buy up like almost all of the Everglades
We can put up about a 40-tower array and go 50,000 watts
But don't hold your breath
How's that Spanish language music coming into background?
I don't know
I wouldn't see as part of my renegotiation for the New Extended Years
I didn't have to give a little piece of way to see the accrues for the accompaniment
Because the audience all missed it if it disappears
Which best describes your feelings about Christmas, man?
Pain in the ass, 123 is a real royal pain in the old ass
Two expensive 66, my favorite holiday 58
See I think what I say ass enough?
Joyce will probably freak out on that too
Oh he said it 40 times today, that's just too much ass
You know, it's like your friend Fatboy, too much ass
Two expensive 66, my favorite holiday 58
Strictly for goyem, 51
Oi!
Fun, Christmas is fun, 47, yeah, lighten up a little bit, okay?
Have some fun, give some crappy gifts out there, some bowties, and some sweaters and crafts
And some bow talks, important, this is coming into the last
The birth of our savior
But third man, you are listening to my unique old Neil Rogers
Exclude 100, 556, QAM
This is Mark Morgan, is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Hey!
The only thing that's soon is I get killed
Soon enough, I'm gonna get killed
Soon enough, I'm gonna get killed
Soon enough, I'm gonna get killed
Soon enough, I'm gonna get killed
The more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
The more you're going to win it, the more you're going to win it
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the ones were trimmed and cars had ripped
So we've seen so very long ago
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor
With every fossil sign I've wright
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your new neighbors be wise
Absolutely
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor
Where the ones were trimmed and cars had ripped
I can't find a car
Oh, the garbage is a white boy
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Hey, what's that over the flame?
It's cloud-serving, the air
I don't know
I take that snow
Oh, no, the air
Oh, no, the rain get out
And they got diarrhea
The air
Yeah
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Hey, what's that over the sky?
Is it a bird?
Yeah, the air is going to rain?
No, it's a rain here
Yeah, the air
And they still got diarrhea
Who give up?
Who give up?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
Who let the rain get out?
That special time of year is here again
And so is Zimphar, master of the Styglisl
And here's his finest album ever, The Halders Asking When
Yes, let the warmth of the Halders Asking When
Wrecking your season this year with Zimphar
He's the most popular slide westerner in all of Cornel
The musty little maze at his party with his touching solar rendition of Simon Knapp
Yes, you'll wish every night was a silent night when you hear the Halders Asking When
Here's Halders Order
The War of New York Happy in five for the holidays and 995, 9995 for albums or
1299, 9999 for eight drag days
I've got one 900 through cake, that's one 900 through cake, calm down
The words for the names of all the fashion cards
The words for the names, the words for the Halders
The words for the names of the Halders Asking When
Wrecking your season this year with Zimphar
So right when you want to throw tactics from ourselves
You've got to watch what you say you better or else
You'll must stand, you'll must stand
The words for the names are monetary or three doors
They have got me, me, me
Like they say, they have got me, me, me, me, me
I hear Ma order unit is this to do the nearly four-strand win
By the power that's within me and our Lord God
First the Federal Education Commission beneth on prompting of time for power
The words for the names, the words for the names of all the fashion cards
The words for the names, the words for the names of all the fashion cards
The words for the names, the words for the names
Double-way to 560 WDQ and we got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog
And to Mad Dog he's got a lot of days of years he's working on
Plus he's over there working really feverishly with moating it to the adults
Often discovered he's over there, when you think?
I would think. By the way, you got a card and some presence from the South Florida Greyhound Association Inc
Really? I haven't opened the presence but I did open the card because I wanted to see who it was from
Before I met him, the presence probably going to steal or divvy up with Josh over here
Well what is it? It's a presence from the Kennel owners and assistants
Thank you, we appreciate your support on the men's floor, yeah, yeah
And they use Jesus fish paper which I think is hysterical
One person is, you don't get this one Josh because it looks to be a box of cigars
Oh, it is indeed a stamp book
Oh god, I'm not smoking no stobies now Mario, you put on your own gift box
It's a nice little gift box with a glass top on it
And the other one is a box for boxing day
Hi, with them
And the other one looks to be a bottle of some kind of booze
Which I really know you're bummed not being here for this
Yeah, vintage 1996 indeed it is some sort of a Vino I think
Well there you go, Merry Christmas to your day
Thank you, Chris, oh there you go
And paint, which I mean, oh it's don't pyrrry new and you're a little bit
In addition to the winers, that would be good
No, no, that's what it is, that's awesome
Well Josh I'm sure would appreciate a cigar or two
I'll give him a cigar too
He may not smoke him but you know he's a Bubba fan here or what to do with it
So anyway your president just gets you a sandwich
I'm surprised that they weren't breaking out laughing or crying
Oh, Rumsfeld is doing a spectacular job, he's doing a wonderful job
And he's ain't going nowhere
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld faced renewed criticism yesterday from lawmakers including one prominent Republican
After he said he hasn't personally signed those letters sent to family members of troops killed in action
Rumsfeld made the announcement in the statement to military newspaper stars and strives saying that he'd begin signing such letters
Stars and strives had reported that Rumsfeld's letters carried a mechanical reproductive signature which angered some military families
Senator Chuck Hagel, a leading GOP critical Rumsfeld called the news about the letters astounding
And noted that President Bush signs each of his letters to military families
I think it's very reflective of how out of touch this crowd is than a brass can set on face the nation yesterday
My goodness, that's the least we could expect of the Secretary of Freakin Defense Hermann Garing Rumsfeld
But Bush, Chief of Staff Andrew Card, who's a real card, said Rumsfeld enjoys the president's confidence
And Senator John Cornyn of Texas said Rumsfeld's dismissal would be a gift to the G-Hotest and the Insurgents in Iraq
Since we're obviously doing such a fine job, oh we're fine
Secretary Rumsfeld is doing a spectacular job and the president has great confidence in him cars on the ABCs this week without David Brinkley
Senator Jack Rita wrote down on the Democrats to told CBS he was shocked about the Secretary not signing those letters
And it goes on and on and on and why should we be shocked? He's a miserable old bastard is what he is
He's old dirty bastard the new one
Dirty, we know
Right, he's dirty. How many times have I told you that?
About 30 minutes
How's that pull coming out? You see the way the show is going? You see this is kind of like set in the tone for a week
We started out, we faked them out thinking that we were doing like a real show
Right?
Uh-huh, yeah, sorry, it's getting time
And then his e-spray goes along, we're like increasingly like more and more of this good stuff
They're all good, it's all good like Bubba would say it's all good and then like it's the holidays man
Everybody deserves like the e-spray after this time of year right? Ease back a little bit, crank it back a couple of notches
Which best describes your feeling about Christmas? We actually got the 417 votes. That's not too bad
Don't forget by the way the show starts at 10 every day this week because Howard's on vacation
That's not Howard David
And Robyn and Arty and Baba Buwie etc.
170 to 137 said Christmas is a pain in the ass pain where they sit it's roy d inducing to expensive 75
My favorite holiday 66 strictly for goyam 57
Fun 50 and important the birth of our savior 32
You see that? I used to say well you're a crowd's mostly heathen crowd anyway and which we would say thank goodness like that
Thank God
But I don't think most people are like all obsessed except the ones of course with their nativity scenes that they want to voice to
On everybody else and you know stick your nose in it. Oh here's the a manger in the three wise men and the frankincense in the mirror
What does frankincense in my look like?
I don't know what the other is
I think my mind is a kind of bomb and it's kind of bomb where you spread it
I see that's where you smear it
From its past noon at 560 WQM the holiday season is here make no mistake about it
And the people of Armstrong Ford of homestead want to thank all their loyal customers for the business and trust
Everybody knows that Ford makes sensational vehicles to be competitive Armstrong Ford realizes they have to offer you folks more value which is why
Armstrong was the very first for a deal they're off your tires and batteries for like plus a Florida sun pass with each vehicle you buy
Vice President and General Manager David Richen again also on the right you that Armstrong Ford has very competitive prices to all the time
For example right now drive away in a brand new 2005 F-150 from just 13,938 or a new expedition for only 24190
Great prices added value and friendly service that's the Armstrong difference at Armstrong Ford of homestead
So when you ready for a new vehicle come to the vehicle that treats you just like family because they want to make you a customer for life
Armstrong Ford of homestead you'll find him at Southwest 307 Street US 1 just exit a Campbell driver out the turn pipe
Price and food off factory rewrites and discounts with a proof credit plus tax tag and fees happy holidays from your good close pies on
That Armstrong Ford of homestead you are listening to Neil Roger
Yes, you're all right
Rogers guys all from Sarge and you know what I am just a fantastic guy really terrific Terrahot in the Anna hello
Hi Larry Mr. Trump would you evict a widow on Christen see if you meant you could make an extra buck or two I would do that in a heartbeat there's no question about it
I would love to do that on humbugs sifta Alaska hello Donald will you have either fair with no Clinton yes I was actually what's going on what's going on
Without Larry in fact are you the put up with that Trump no Larry you are fired okay so are you glad you had sex with Clinton or do you regret it
Somebody asked me the other day would you have done bill again in the inches absolutely yes he's better than I anticipated
There's your exclusive Larry Trump's stump not just for women though days can use it to gaze can absolutely use it I'm sure they'll love it
Clarkson Michigan hello Donald and everyone wants to know what's up with that hairdo
I heard that it's just one really long strand of hair wrapped around your head several thousand times is that true good question
Yeah, that's true. All right. We please inform the public you bet I will thank you very Rachel Rinsor got it. See what happens. Okay come here. It is
And the report
For us people know man was a code name for this guy he was selling drugs okay
Okay for the people who would buy when down to the village to seek new client
Tell like I said I'm to the drug I just like the way it smells
But our friend met a tragic end one one day he was stopped and after he had made the deal
It turned out to be a cop oh now he's in prison making love to other men
No he isn't gave what he had to pay for the end
Pumped his run from pump it is from the cat the candy go
Pumped his run from pump it is run from all because of love
Welcome it started with NYPD blue just the camera keep moving around
I know I'm starting to feel pleased that Jarrick jerky camera work on blinds I'm dramas that makes you so
Sick to your stomach but now there's help with drama drama means coming without a trace is coming on
Hey great I'll get the drama drama means or dinner doesn't vanish without a trace
Drama drama mean helps to prevent motion sickness induced by jump cuts abrupt shifts in perspective
Granny sped up action sequences and other cheap camera tricks now when we watch law in order we run to the bathroom during the commercials
In dinner during the show drama drama drama mean does not prevent nausea induced by bad writing bad acting or bad ideas
Were shows like needy NCIS
Yo son dragon after a tough day rhyming over fat beast then you need to chill in a JZ poor recliner
You only chair designed by me multi-platin them recording artist JZ
Check this bad boy out y'all be sipping and tripping the JZ poor recliner's got 24-keg gold cup holders in arm rest
Bigging up the whole eight mags of crystal young and the scene is extra wide just in case you're sure they be on say stop by y'all I'm saying
Hey Jay Z what you does in big boy what up baby and here's the best part the JZ poor recliner
Just a full position young business maxing relaxing and mad pimping and dig this
The bad the JZ poor quick release for best is perfect for putting our Kelly that hell off your stage
Yo what the fuck
JZ poor recliner's get paid and put one of your crypts today
Rain deer in the night dawner and blitzin flying through the sky with their friend Vixen
They'll hit every house before the night is through
Somewhere in that sleigh is good old Satanic he's got a bark bag in case he gets sick
He's had too much milk and all those cookies too
Rain deer in the night it's flying mammals and they're on their yearly flight
They're pulling seven and he's kinda hard to lift
Each year there's more gifts down your chimney ho ho ho unless you live in a condo
Yes it's quite a sight to see them flying root of snow so bright it's almost blinding like furry satellites
Them reindeer in the night
Two thousand fours your sucks next year we'll have more love I can see it now I bet they'll cure my cow
Might even fight a cure for that guy might go more when you feel your SUV that gas will all be free
Even when push-cut dark taxes deficits will still go down and rather will not use taxes
Osama will be found I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East
All things will graduate and clear eyes will be so straight please let it be a great year
I sure hated this year don't need wars or elections and no more food infections
C.B will be cleaners and stargones will be linear let's all look down the bright side
It's two thousand two thousand in two thousand five
1223 and 560 WQ I'm happy holidays from all your good friends and the rest of the people to a QAM
Which believe me there are some you wouldn't want to have his friends and some even though they might pretend to be your friends might just turn out to be your enemy
I'm talking about no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
That means sure nothing about racing of course as you know that's in either to why of course consider fight over Christmas this place this is the season of goodwill to
Redmen and peace on earth peace of this peace of pie peace of ass Jonathan Morgan headed out candy canes with a story of Jesus to his fourth grade
classmates in Plano, Texas Friday but it took a court order ready for that with a story of Jesus the candy canes are fine have no problem with that or the
Christmas tree or things that are like just generic right? Oh, it's just a story anyway so with a story of freaking Jesus
after years of legal assaults on municipal displays of activity scenes and Christmas observances in public schools Christian groups are now
mounting court challenges in the other direction they got the full court press on man to Christianize America whether you like it or not
they're going to make you an offer you can't refuse that's that it before they're going to drag you across the street whether you want to cross
or not you're going to be a little in fact they're going to hold up that cross just like a bending thing professor of unhousing
from a lot of people home a big apartment sorry that was right. Well, not about housing. I'm sure made that sound a couple of times
to what was the name it were fun. Slown from Mustang Oklahoma to maplewood New Jersey they're filing or threatening lawsuits to when they
include the main Newscenes in school plays there's nothing worse than a main G scene Christmas carols in school concerts and Christmas trees and
pubic buildings the pendulum and swung completely said Charles hands a senior scholar at the nonprofit first
amendment center in Arlington Virginia there's a pushback by many conservative Christians perhaps and bolded by the
recent election by the increasing presence of evangelical Christianity and the pubic arena they're saying the securization of our society in public schools has gone too
far and become hostility to their religion and of course it's only a good thing if there's hostility for their religion because there
ought to be hostility to all religions to this flat earth mentality. Athletic now let me just point out that you know the story about the
burning of Rome that I talked about before it was a really good documentary that was in 64 AD. Okay and there's still no
conclusive in other words they still really don't know and probably never will I don't want really happened whether
but Neuro was behind it was probably Neuro. Well, why do you say that? All because I was just talking to the other day and you know he's
doing things that got Neuro is your hero sure I heard he was in zero too bad we can't play that by the way zero especially now that in a
week a tie the not with what's your name with Anna Cornelhoi can't play it still looks just like a zero. It was a really back home.
I'm going to be big picture of his zero. Yeah. In fact they're going to what was the what was the product remember those spots I
can't believe I ate the whole thing out to sell sure. Yeah that's right was out to sell and reeky is going to be doing some of those
two. Okay 27 past noon at 560 WQA when you shout for quality footwear great selection and professional
service is only one place to go and of course it's always like an asmr for years brandy shoes and
pompino be speaking of Bob and I'm at Brandy's to find the top names in the shoe business in a lot of these shoe joints the
reason they go out of business is because they sell crap at Brandy's there is no crap and stuff the top names that you'll know
and love like rock ports floor shine S.A.S. Spirit Timberland naturalized relax more and would Brandy's
suit selection chances are in fact you could bet Maddie Bell's life on it that whatever style you like it's in your
size on a shelf ready to slap on your fat feet Brandy's is open every day seven days a week Monday through Saturday
nine to nine Sundays Sunday 10 to five and you'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway and
Poppano Beach all this week at Brandy's just in time for the holidays of course it's a special you guessed it
holiday sale get 20% off on most men's and women's famous brand so it's a great time to bring these holidays to
come into Brandy's or visit them on the wicked web at Brandy's shoes dot com happy holidays from our
friends at Brandy's shoes in pompino be sure to see some real Roger's
make and scream nice loud get me some wires and a battery pack
I don't care if they eat from my rack to see you use you to the torture because they're just
playing their game in the past it had to be worse Mr. Dumb who say
I will pray faith there's ain't a place to be friends and women ain't the life for me
all the best of you are said you might end up in one of those naked piles
you just just came out today but the terrible latest day got a run now came to give an
Pumpkins
all I get my baby
good
mother
door
Gives the boys ready for a holy war
But God too says to martyr three
Come on and give some women and shoot it with thee
No love to the Lord
When they die they'll get rough
We don't want hollet
Cut my tongue, right smart
I'm going to the G.I.C.
Been not united coming out of his cave
Salaban monkey, satirant and raised
Black male women taken in the crowd
But bodies only know ladies and loud
Let's rock, ho ho ho
Raise all the ledger up
Ho ho ho ho
Put on my bloody right tongue
Going to the G.I.C.
Quick Mohammed, turn on CNN
Let's just American true position
Going to the G.I.C.
Don't be late
Come in and from every single fairy state
In the caporee and many rocky run
I'll be scrapping on my two side bomb and rock, groan
Raise all the ledger up
We don't want hollet
Cut my beard and my long waist, walk out
I'm going to the G.I.C.
Go into the G.I.C.
She had two sons to Hamas four
Gives the boys ready for a holy war
But God too says to martyr three
Come on and kiss women and cheer with me
Let's rock
Raise all the ledger up
We got my beard and my long waist, walk out
We got my beard and my long waist, walk out
And I'm going to the G.I.C.
I'm going to the G.I.C.
Bring back the history to me
Kill me in the death line
Kill them all
Oh my god, I'm here
Remember the guy that called
Buzz him days ago about the accents
About how they all sound like Indian and Pack again?
Nope
Yeah, maybe that was last week
He had a good point
All the bits that have the so-called Arabs in there, the terrorists
They all sound like India, they had that fully Indian gender
Like a convenience store guy
All they should have bombed it
Exactly, those Indians
Oh god
And after they've been signed by the Hocking County Board of Elections Deputy Director in Ohio
Has prompted the Hocking Democratic Member of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee to axe
For further investigation into possible vote fraud, a little bit late now boys
On December 13th Cheryl Eaton, the County's election board Deputy Director of Sworn and Affidavit
That the realization that the company Triad and their staff will do anything to dishonor disrupt the voting process
Is distressing to me and hard to believe she said
I'm being completely objective about the statements of the reason I'm bringing this forward is
To hopefully rule out any wrongdoing
Triad governmental system zinc based in Zineo, Ohio is a national corporation
It sold computer based systems for a vote tabulation about half the counties in the state including
Talking of China County, according to the Affidavit, a Triad technician arrived on December 10th before the recap
And made several adjustments to the tabulator and computer just like the start we had last week about the
Diabol doing the same thing
He said that the battery in the computer was dead and that the stored information was gone
He said they could put a patch on it and fix it, he proceeded to take the computer apart
Call his offices to get information to input into the computer
After the technician was done with the machines he allegedly told eaten them
Hocking County Elections Board Director Lisa Schwartz with the E on the end to post what the result should be
So as to avoid having any conflicting results during the recount
The technician advised Lisa how to post a cheat sheet on the wall so that only the board members and staff
Would know about it and what the code meant so the county would come out perfect and we wouldn't have to do a full hand recount
Of the county eating said in the Affidavit
As a result of the Affidavit, Representative John Conyers, Democrat of Michigan, wrote a letter to the FBI
Hocking County prosecutor Larry Beal and the New York Times on December 15 I have information that similar actions of this nature may have occurred in other counties in Ohio
Conductor said in his letter
I'm therefore asking you that you immediately investigate the alleged misconduct and that among other things you consider the immediate impoundment of election machinery to find any further tampering
Beal for the Columbus dispatch I have no real reason to do an investigation unless something else comes to my attention
You know what Beal really should have said
I'm as mad as hell as I look at the cases anymore
Yeah, that Larry Beal you know how it would be all to that right now
I'm starting to get that like I better turn that heat off
I remember that first year that I did shows from here and the winter time was like
It's almost like the end to the end thing without quite as much schmutz and crap in here and coughing and gagging
And then of course I realized it was like all that mung in the heating system
Man
It's bad for you
Turn off that heat, okay? What's wrong with being a little bit frozen, right?
Right
Just the wrong way
Where apart that?
19 to 1 at 5, 60 different parts of this thing is moving along not too bad
Now look at that, it's 18 to 1 now
17, 16
Look at that
Yeah, just like that
That great experiment that we had there with the Missile Defense Program, and that a beautiful job
Oops
Well, that's perfect practice makes perfect
Just because we're spending millions of dollars of your money on crap on pie in the sky literally
Hey lobster fest, this ain't no pie in the sky lobster fest is back and it's going on right now at Emerald Coast every Friday
Two Sunday
Florida's number on Asian gourmet restaurant is rated by the Zagat restaurant review
You follow what I just said good
In addition to Emerald Coast, I'd eat buffet now you can enjoy succulent juicy main lobster
Serve thermidor style
Stirred your mouth of water and experience with a choice of six different fantastic soups
In fact, you know that's what I'm going to get as soon as I get done here at two I'm going to zoom down the street
And give me some soup
A big bowl of matzo ball soup
Mmm, a big bowl of chicken soup with a couple of gigantic balls in it
Then sample dozens of oriental treats including your fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce
An old favorite whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce
Also at the Emerald Coast enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over 30
BOT TURN MAN
Different items
And after all these things get shoved down your puss if you still have room
Try to save a little extra there for Emerald Coast out of this world dessert bar featuring chocolate covered strawberries
Tear a mama su like it says here
And cheesecake
Don't forget the Emerald Coast promote a healthy living cooking everything with only the best ingredients like cholesterol, freaking oil
No MSG, no cornstarch, no crab
Three locations for you've got those pin in the skith for the holidays
What a great place to take a man that really enjoy the Emerald Coast three locations for you
There are in sunrise sunny alz in Pemberer pies
For reservations called 954-572-3822
954-572-3822
Happy holidays from Richard and the gang at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
You want to say something to me, you little Rogers versus its lucid lady
On 560-A-M
Hey
Stench of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton
That's a movie
You
You need to listen that we're lacking in the form
Hey, for about a half lines that will be due by the throne
You say they said it's the one to begin now that I've only one bit
Say the word
No point in passing down we got up
Now they are pumping and saying you got up
They won't look happy so long we got up
Where is the spot to go?
Damn God
You say 911 is what they got you to begin
Can't get any better but a whole party caught up to you
You do what they say
Like a ball
Like a ball
As they unite
As they stare
To the core
And true
For the election of our
We got up
Which is got it in
We got up
Which is got it in
We got up
We got up
We got up
We got up
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded to dammit people killed with the gas that we sold him
First time a crescentation and they only won that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing
Forget about Korea
And the notes there's no demand for
Right wing is drilling it over and over into our head
Daddy rack has some weapons of past destruction
3000 people killed
I now forgot
Let's exploit them instead
Hey there's oil to be counted
Go and after sat down too
Plankato Sama
There's no longer mention of
Her name is Lawden
But no one seems concerned all
I'm being complacent
Believe in every word of this cartel in administration
That controls us by fear
Through media and manipulation and us
Right wing is drilling it over and over into our head
Daddy rack has some weapons of past destruction
The Laws of Civil Rights is the right that we're paying
We're all suspects now
Not the ass drop is saying
I have nothing to hide
Table talkers all are saying
I know being a cattle don't have any reserve agent
Sounded for a vocal panel and world annihilation
Old regime must mall in Halibur, Jinn and Stoke
With no objection at all
Gemma crap don't have the mall and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brain wash pit
I rack has some weapons of past destruction
Only a rack has some weapons of past destruction
I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather
It was worthless original and I was poor
I remember it like it was only yesterday
Hey Billy let's play a game
What?
Guess you'd have gotten my bucket
A piece of candy
Yes
And I'd advise Nate
Great game
Grandpa I don't want to play this game anymore
Who cares?
Let's play for the candy and the crevice
No grandpa I don't know when you put it there
Yes those games with grandpa scarred me for life
Which is why now that I'm the grandfather
I'm scarring a whole new generation with worthless original
Hey Timmy say hi to wet Willie the worthless wonder world
No no not the wonder world
Worthless original giving children nightmares for over 60 years
Now God
He's got had a bomb
And took good hits and would he act like teaching children
And get the munchies and make round these bills with half
And will he share it with Jesus and the same
The highest heart hits
And yeah
Yeah
Heart is great
And yeah
Yeah
Heart is good
And yeah
Yeah
Heart is God
No can ever
Oh my God
No can ever
Like one of us
Gives a high on the back of the box
Just him and Moses getting sore
On a grey hunt for two rows
To get some bad luck
A couple of time back to stay home
Moses made by Marley on his throne
Hey Ricky listen to what
No fun in heaven that's your story
He's a classy guy
He's got three kids by three different women
Never married to any of them
Classic guy he asked me
Yeah when you're rich you don't have to
Exactly
Why can't rich snowmull he's got some problems
He's got some issues
Anyway speaking of the God Squad
Turks state separation
And say the conflict has reached an unprecedented pitch
A fever pitch this year
Signing record complaints about sectarian religious displays
Some of these religious rights groups have decided
The last presidential election had something to do with their entire agenda
Including putting up an activity scene
Said the Reverend Barry Lin of Americans united for a separation of church and state
They're turning a time of peacefulness into a combat zone
Oh great let's bring the combat zone back
Let's all go to Boston and bring back the combat zone
In Chinatown what do you say?
But other question we're going to say
Substituting happy holidays from Merry Christmas or displaying Christmas trees instead of a crush
To grades the holiday significance
Remember we went through that whole thing about a crash?
No
Oh yeah we did
Yeah we did
Threatening lawsuits store boycotts and protests
Christians across the country are fighting to inject religious values into the public sphere
In other words they're going to jam it down your throat
Just like the Inquisition
Just like the Crusades
They're going to make you an offer you can't refuse how do you like that?
It's for you're on good
Right
You'll take us from heaven
Right a bunch of intolerant crazy people
The God Squad, the Flat Earth Society
And California a group called the Committee to Save Merry Christmas is called for Christians to boycott Macy's Burdines
Another federated department store is complaining the store banner should read
Merry Christmas instead of season's greetings
The Committee's founder manual Zamorano wrote a letter last December to the chairman of federated
Asking the company to include Merry Christmas and advertising
Zamorano a resident of Sacramento set the boycott in motion to leave this year
Federated is offered to New Recall the greetings for the past 20 years
To recognize religious diversity said companies spoke to them care of a woman Carol Sanger
Christian groups say the anti-Christian agenda has gotten worse this year
Setting targets to soon to keep the salvation army out of its stores
Public schools banning Christmas cards and curals and stores dropping references to Christ
Organizations like the Christian Coalition in the Center for Reclaming America
Which you're like to sound of that
A conservative Christian lobbying group and for Lauderdale are debating whether to urge Christians to boycott national retailers
That fail to acknowledge the religious significance of the holiday come next Christmas
Next Christmas season the Christian Coalition will be prepared to act in solidarity to show we need Christ in Christmas secretary sale
It was like Christchurch Christmas in the meantime individuals are launching boycott movements of their own
A pastor in Raleigh, North Carolina took out a full page and the news and observer urging Christians to spend their money with retailers that include
The greeting Merry Christmas and last week in a Catholic man from plantation
Organized 50 Christians in protest in front of a brow and further brow in the fashion malls
Charging the federated department's throws as removed references to Christmas from its advertising and store displays
They put up all these secondary decorations, but there's nothing of Jesus Christ at Leonard Torres
A person of St. Gregory's Catholic Church in plantation organized a protest
We're being completely ignored Jesus Christ which all I can say is thank God
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours
There's no fact in the church
Oh, what's it for?
You've got to call him the number one rated to be the most holiday day in his house
At least according to my aspirations
Stay away from it, I don't even know how you have children
Mirama, hello
Yes, I want your take on J. Feeder
Oh, J. Feeder is a great quarterback and a good Jew
I like J. Feeder
Well, in that dimension he's got extraordinary smooth pepops
Oh yeah
He's got to be given what you say here
Oh, please, thank you more
No, no, wait a minute, don't go
But I have nothing else to say
How about this?
I was the weather down there in Mirama
I'm right down the street from you
I have to go
Oh wait, by the way, something
No, no, I have to go
Look, I tell you what, I'll hold you over in a break
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts, how's that?
No way!
That was the only color we had
If things on your nose is growing again
It's going, it's going, it's going, it's going
Why don't you go, it's going, it's going, it's going
It's going, it's going, it's going
It's going, it's going, it's going
Wow!
You got fake, we'll stay
On your nose and on your face
And around those golden pimples
You fall behind
If you go look and just hear what you'll say
A road not worth it to land me
Just up your head we saw
Way to die, die, die, die
My nose glows with something sweet
Almost every day I pay
And my veins are saying they start to tingle
I had to know I had to know your, your, your
Yeah, I'd go like the one I've had
That's because I'm on 20 old fire
The lady knows that spell
It's a cool name
It's a new name
It's a new name
It's a new answer
And I'm trying to tell you
That spell will be
How you know I have seen
A cool name
Well, don't go, don't go
Don't go, don't go
Don't go, don't go
Don't go, don't go
Don't go, don't go
Don't go, don't go
Jump in the taxi car
But I said drive a shuttle car
You look that mean
So quizzicaly
Look at how he was in the dark
So I acted out my puncture in
And with my arms the trees I made
No monkey speaks English
And I'm on
I went down to my, yeah, I met reach where the weather business is
I walked into a little store, but God, there's a fox real fun
I asked him for a pint of whole gym beaming, he says,
No, at the end of what does that mean?
Somebody's teaching English and I'm all
That's the corner of their leaves
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan, speak English and melee
Oh, you can go back to your old rat
I came here many years ago, learned my ABC
I don't say much as grossiest, I said pretty much
So get yourself to a classroom, quit here in America now
Stop making mistakes, nobody's teaching English
I are sadly playing joy, but you see
It's a legal drug and hurting juice
I feel no value of me
God is a tree, glory and victory
Oh, can anyone's business be stoned to me?
Oh, can anyone's business be stoned to me?
Oh, right
We're down in Jamaica in the care of being
Take out the best herb that you ever seen
Ask anybody in that neighborhood
They tell you this country where the gun's a people
Rastaman has some he wants to sell
And from a pile away you can detect this now, oh, smoke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
He light up his breath and smoke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
The gun should be good
You can carry lots of herb and begun a sack
Smoke it every day until you're lost and like
With all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
America can pull us home here and say
God, nothing like this can do you and say they smoke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
They light up his breath and smoke
They begin to cough and choke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
The gun should be good
As you move
I'm not tellin' her son you are an astounding man
You like to smoke the giant strip wherever you can
Many people come here for miles around
To bite the herb for you, bite the ounce of nickel
I'm a rasta man, say to her, mama, you're right
They can't be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
They light up his breath and choke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
Smoke, conscious, smoke, smoke
They can't be good
Rock solid
Come on
I smoke to joy every morning
I smoke to joy tonight
I smoke to joy every afternoon
It makes me feel alright
I smoke to joy every time I feel
And the winter inside I'm a fool
I smoke to joy people and smoke to joy
And then I smoke to most
Oh my daddy, you want to know me
You can't use me hard or be mad
My mama, she was for me
You can't use me best you can
The same one day I'm the same man
She came for me and said
Ha ha ha!
Hard or good and hard or fine
But first take care of her
No, now I smoke to joy
When I get up
In the car I smoke to joy
I smoke to joy when I'm thinking of you
And that's everything I want to voice
I smoke to joy
I smoke to joy
It's time of freedom
It's doing time of war
I smoke to joy every morning
I smoke to joy
And then I smoke to most
Oh my daddy, you want to know me
You can't use me hard or be mad
My mama, she was for me
You can't use me best you can
The same one day I'm the same man
She came for me and said
You've heard hard or good and hard or fine
But first take care of her
That's why I smoke to joy in the morning
I smoke to joy that night
Are you sure?
I smoke to joy in the afternoon
It makes me feel alright
I smoke to joy
It's time of freedom
It's doing time of war
I smoke to joy before I smoke to joy
And then I smoke to most
Oh, to joy that's what I do
Oh, to joy
So that's what joy makes me happy
Oh, to joy
So that's what joy makes me happy
Yeah, oh, to joy
Yeah, when you got there you're going to go to the front of the rubber
See you on one more
Oh, to joy
No, you want to say that
Oh, to joy
Oh, to joy
That's what I do
Oh, to joy
Oh, spare that Ricky
Nearly three-fourths of older Americans
Support legalizing marijuana for medical use
According to a pulled-on for the nation's largest advocacy group for seniors
The AARP
More than half those questions that they believe marijuana has medical benefits
While a larger majority read the drug is addictive and working to get some
So I do like that
I like all the old-farts, man
The 60s generation, all of us old-farts
547 both, oh, and speaking of faking away through the last week of the year
Yeah, the last 10 days, whatever it is
Tomorrow we got the heavy-duty workers, the trends at 11.30
Right? Good.
No, unless you're right-wing wacko
It's unless the God-squagal, the diaries like in September
It should be okay
You know what I'm thinking? It should be...
Okay
Yeah, okay
It should be pretty good
547 votes on a pool
Which best describes your feelings about Christmas?
It's a pain in the ass, baby
It's a pain in the ass
178
Almost a third of this audience is Christmas is a real pain. Let's get it over with already
Too expensive, 102
My favorite holiday, 88
Rrrrr
Strictly per-glam, 77
I got something strictly for Graham
Fun, 66, and important...
That's what I heard
The birth of our savior, only 40, only 7.2% of the audience say
It's important, baby, it's the birth of Jesus, our lord and savior
Which, we believe those fairy tales, we're going to convert in how
We're going to go to heaven, we're going to go to the twirly gates
Guaranteed? Or anybody back?
Oh, absolutely
113 and 5, 60, W.C. We have a handlet, let me tell you right now with the holiday here I guarantee you
Most of you folks, if had pain in the ass and trutters in your homes
You know, the relatives and the son of the neighbors have come by and mess up your house
Well, when the holidays are all over in a few days, the smart thing to do
In fact, write it on your sleeve right now, write it on your limp wrist
Call our good friends if you're on concert and have them come to your home and make everything
Look just like brand new again, you're carpeting, you're a pulstery, you're furniture, you're area rugs, you're expensive or we're under arrest
All of these things
That's right, I've been using it in my homes for over 20 years because to make a very long story short
They're the best in the universe and they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing work
So you don't have to fear any scams, any ripoffs at the end of the job
Just a stupendous, unbeatable job every time they are the only people in the world who drive clean
You're carpeting, which sucks out the deep down dirt and makes them look just like brand new
They drive a couple of hours, you really can't clean, they entertain the night, not just the slogan, it be for real
So don't forget when the holidays are over all year, a guest are finally gone
Slame the door and say good riddance and then pick up the phone and call dry concepts
And daybrowden Palm Beach is called toll free 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on our wicket web it's dryconcepts.com
That's dry concepts making carpets brand new looking since 1979
Here it seems a new Roger's song for every one of five 60 years, QAM
Collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time
Do we mean otherwise?
Christmas?
Just what your life does to know?
Yes, and no wax music presents, Elmer Fodds, Christmas, Quasics
And this 24-record set is truly incredible
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way
Oh what fun is to hide in a one horse open swear
Oh what fun you have hearing these timeless quatics performed by America's most beloved hunter of wavits
Woo-dog the way noseway did have a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw with you would even say it well
Elmer Fodds, Christmas, Quasics not available in stores
And when you receive your set in the mail you'll know why
Hello everybody, I sure hope you like my Christmas classics
So call toll free 1-800-248-5071
Santa Claus is coming to town
Rock and roll history is digging in the childhood home of Jim Morrison
Recently uncovered tapes of the legendary singer, no one knew existed
And now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas
Santa's on the road
I heard a reindeer hoot
He's coming down the blue
He's got something for him
Santa's on the road
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season
with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in Rock history
Yeah the toughness rose there
All the family was so still
Way more high in the sky
Another family of five
It's the lizard king that is most fast
A Jim Morrison Christmas
First cakes I hate them please don't get one to be
They're all a dime when they come COD
A Jim Morrison Christmas gets the CD to prove the Hull-Tide season is still alive
Even if he isn't
So this is Christmas
I knew you know this song
But my wife is singing
Everyone's here for everyone
And so this is Christmas
When we sing we all like
But as soon as you hear your dove
I wish it's right parallel to my
She ought to help her here she comes
Here we meet the Christmas
Oh my God
Oh my God
Oh my God
Oh my God
Welcome to the world
Thank you Merry Christmas
Now I can blow thee well rest in peace
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Return to Santa
Return to Santa
I got a sweater from my grand mom
It was pink and black
But don't worry be a heart-pink
Was painted on your patch
He wrote a heart
Return to Santa
Just send me cash
Your time is sweater
Okay me a rat
I got a fruit taken some plaid pants
There's a clip this whole my nose
A mobile of old spice
Bored to the iron hoes
He wrote a bond and returns
A Santa
Who needs this joke
But this is Christmas
But really it's time
He wrote a bond and returns
A Santa
Don't need to be rude
But this Christmas
I got scroozed
Return to Santa
Return to Santa
K-Tel presents over 748 of the greatest song of love
This special evil the lady in your life by Jerry Lewis
Lady
Lady
Nobody loves songs for your lady
All intributive by the love might serve himself
That a nimitable superstar entertainer Jerry Lewis
And you'll get your favorite lady loves song
Lady
Lady
Frog by bitch, red bed
It's an amazing company of about 748 love songs for your lady
All visually remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar Jerry Lewis
I just cherish my joy to be on K-Tel record
And be very special musical tribute to the lady
You'll get this aros bit classic
And you'll look like a lady
It's Jerry
Now, little old lady with a parrot, please say
How?
And no one knows he's never sounded better
That ain't no way to treat a lady
No way to treat your lady no more
And those are the Jerry's amazing interpretation of this superhero hit from the king of funk
You are the lady with my wife
You're the lady with my wife
You're the lady with my wife
Jerry Lewis
I am a man
That's 748 fabulous ladies songs
On 35 CDs or 123 H-track tapes
All remixing glorious music from the original cassette masters
And as a collection you'll chose your friend who loves
And your lady will never forget
It's all yours for 17 easy payments
Only 32.95 and it's only from K-Tel record
You can tell us K-Tel, we go!
And smell, I'm telling you, maybe there is a guy after all
Why would I be?
That made him, well, made Jerry Lewis's head off the sides of the good year of bloom
Maybe...
Oh god!
But his finger in it
Anyway, big Tim answers my question about our transmitter
Since to answer your question to QM transmitters located on a platform about 100 feet into Biscay and Bay
Directly behind believe it or not, the Miami-Herald building
All of these things
Wow!
If you drive east on the Venetian cause, we can see it as big as day
It was put there because at that time, back in the day
That was the middle of civilization in Miami
You have Miami, Miami beef, cruel gables, higher lia
South Miami, homestead, not much else
It's proximity to people may also be a reason why the transmitter is limited to 5 kilowatts during the day
It would take a massive amount of land, probably on the Everglades
Isn't that what I just said before?
Yes, we did
Which would inhale getting environmental variances
And many towers would have to be erected to get up to 50,000 watts
A multi-tower array
And the signal is not going to be that much better even with 10 times the power says big Tim
So in closing, the signal is going to sound like crap until the beesleaf put you on FM
Wow!
Am I going to do why we need care if the beesleaf put us on FM?
No, not as long as the money keeps coming and what do we care?
Now probably some of those Christian individuals and organizations are going to be up so at us
Because I haven't played like too many, we've had a lot of Christmas stuff
But none of them have been too much about Jesus
Jesus Christ
Right, so maybe we didn't solve that when we come back
No one listens to me, no one needs to hold me or Roger's
It's collusively on 5.6.7.8.9
Be this for the homo
Absolutely
Oh, there he was just a walkin' on the sea stand
He knew I did it, did it, done did it do
He's a man from the land of Gallows
He knew I did it, did it, done did it do
He's good, he's good, he's good
He's divine, he's divine
He's good, he's divine
Jesus water into one
The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singin'
He knew I did it, did it, done did it do
The blind are gonna sing it and the dumb are gonna stick singin' through
I did it, did it, done did it do
He walked on, walked on, who my dog?
My dog, walked on, who my dog?
They need cure to life or source
Whoa, whoa, whoa, some say he's the son of Gallows
Damn, God
Yes, they do, but there's other people think it's so odd
Now he's the reason that we have an Easter day singin'
Who I did it, did it, done did it do
And he's the reason that all the Christians praise singin'
Who I did, did it, done did it do
They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down
They ma' do all the crem ya
Do I did it, did it, done did it do
Do I did it, did it, done getting it
Do I did it, did it, done he said you
Do I did it, did it, donehe said you
Do I did it, did it, done he said you more
Do I did it, did it, done, he said you
Do I did it, did it, done em
When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is a headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world,
sitting on your shoulders, and some fucking gladiator sticks
at the spear on your side. Jesus Christ that hurts.
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head,
that's when I reach for Dexedran. Well, I don't reach for it.
Hey! Anybody got any Dexedran?
Hey, Judas! Could you throw a couple into my mouth?
Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake!
Extra strength, Dexedran, because a headache is a heavy cross to bear.
All right.
Jesus is doing all that on screen.
Jesus is back on me in the fall, yeah.
Jesus is in his first kiss movie.
Jesus is doing all right.
All right.
All right.
So what can this break in arms?
No one can sense my thoughts.
No one can judge us at the start.
Jesus is doing all right.
All right.
Jesus is doing all right.
Whoa!
Jesus is doing all right.
All right.
Jesus is doing all right.
Jesus is doing all right.
Don't want to hear what the credit says.
No one can just want to create it.
Jesus has had on things they did.
Jesus has done it all right the way.
Jesus land on the Christian part
when you're born over Hell with God.
Jesus land on the Christian part
where we're in the matrix tribe.
Oh, my God, my God, the Holy Roller will fly.
Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy
set me everything down.
Oh, my God, I can't wear that hand of God.
Jesus is a monster with all their blood on them.
Oh, thank, thank, thank, so did right really do.
Oh, thank, thank, thank, thank, the Porsche Sackers.
Oh, Jesus made the two doctors fun to me.
While they wandered by a carcass, a river breeze.
Oh, all the other people told us
how much it was wrong to watch the car.
And we were like, oh, there he is on.
We're waiting on a snake's horn to get in.
The carcass he took us away.
Our smart and emotional snack is her age.
Oh, walk with me with the great hierarchical race.
Oh, indirect, if you want to get there again.
We put the button for the mental race.
Oh, raise your lower 10th floor gift you.
With your choice, so closely appointed to you.
Oh, head up down to the river, battle's show.
The story of Billy Neverwin, Frank and Gold.
Oh, the weed is land.
The risk is hard, the way you're born.
Go to hell when you die.
Oh, the weed is land.
The risk is hard, the way we're going to make it thrive.
The most controversial movie of our time,
Martin Sporcese, is the last temptation of Christ.
Recently became available for home viewing on cassette.
Religious groups, mid to the release of the film theatrically,
became outraged on the event's home distribution.
And so, for your spiritual education,
and for those who don't have these ears
at a price of a movie ticket, we are proud to present
that, part one, the radio version of Martin Sporcese,
is the last temptation of Christ.
Oh, what? What? What?
Want to buy a hot stereo?
Ah, gee, I'd better knock.
Okay.
Oh!
Well, I'm saying the controversy continued.
Few days tomorrow from what?
Martin Sporcese's the second last temptation of Christ.
Good day.
I'm Arles Schwarzenegger,
and my New Year's resolution
is to get all of my Republican friends
to change the Constitution so I can be president.
Once I do that, I resolve to destroy all of the copies
of the videotape that shows me smoking reaper in the 70s.
Okay. Happy New Year, everybody.
Ha-ha-ha.
That's the chronic.
137.22.
I guess we got all the Jesus bits in there,
including a couple we played all day today, you know?
Well, that's okay.
You can never have too much Jesus
as far as the God's God's concern, right?
Right.
Former police city commissioner,
what is that?
Former police commissioner.
Police commissioner.
Bernard Carrick.
Who is it?
It's likely to face fresh questions about his conduct this week
when explosive emails are turned over to city investigators
and New York Daily News is learned.
They're going to be explosive.
The messages were sent by Carrick.
The Lorenz Ray, one of his closest friends,
and the best man in his 1998 wedding,
one of his numerous weddings.
They could prove another headache for Carrick.
The emails provided with the news appeared to show Carrick offering
their company inside details of a city investigation
into its mob links and advanced notice of upcoming city contracts.
Ray says he's prepared to turn over the emails
to the city's department investigation this week.
Last week, the oil announced a provoked Carrick,
who would of course with yours nomination to become a homeowner
and security chief,
they're doing some fantastic screening there at the White House.
Stories published in the news in a week's sense show
that Carrick failed to report thousands of dollars in gifts,
developed close ties to interstate industrial
with the company with alleged mob links,
and carried on two simultaneous extramarital affairs
and secret downtown department.
After several months of inquiries from the news,
Ray recently allowed the newspaper to see the emails he said
he received from Carrick.
The news viewed the emails and raised America online folder.
They showed no signs of having been altered,
neither Carrick nor his lawyer responded to call seeking comment.
And it goes on, the daily news is nailing his ass to the wall
speaking to Jesus.
They're nailing them up really good and well deserved.
Here's how that poll is coming,
whichbest describes you're feeling about Christmas?
Pain in the ass, 191.
How many votes we got?
601, not too bad, huh?
Well, take a couple of people listening today.
How many of them?
About 30, man.
I'm really shocked because I thought this week is really just,
you know, just toss it away.
Payment in the ass, 191.
To a spensive Christmas, 115.
My favorite holiday, 196.
How pleasant.
Strictly for Goya, 196.
Fun 72.
An important anniversary of our Savior, 41.
You are listening to Neil Rodgers' It,
coincidentally, on 5th.
You're all on it.
Gonna get Ricky a blow.
A young man turned 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
It's too many seeds in your dime bag.
Getting to the party.
Too many, too late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
It's like crazy.
When you clap, fall in break.
The freeze that.
When you're already there.
The good weave.
That's you just didn't say.
Who would've thought you'd get it?
Hard, sounding.
That's you already ate.
A new, honest, dying.
A love that you've raised.
It's like 10,000 joints.
When all you need is a light.
It's like having a feel of your dreams.
And then finding out you saw 10 delight.
And isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's like crazy.
When you clap, fall in break.
The freeze that.
When you're already there.
The good weave.
That's you just didn't say.
Who would've thought you'd get it?
It's like.
You just don't.
Are you ever getting suspicious?
We'll get to use the beat of scholarly for weapons.
Now we're making movies about the throes of vision.
People in the theaters are bound to ask.
It was okay but we're bigger sure that's mad, man.
Jesus Christ, movie star, Rex Rea and my Pope
gave you four stars.
Jesus Christ, take a look.
Don't see the sound till you read the book.
Jesus Christ, on the screen.
Glad there was no heart to keep.
Jesus Christ, take a look.
Find the lecture made in the rioting.
Jesus Christ, love the sound.
Are you ever getting suspicious?
Jesus Christ, you loved your mother tonight, Joe.
Trying to make light of tragic situations.
That's what Colby Bryan said.
Why not?
The rules are already paid for.
Now, America's favorite monologue marathon man
is trying your patience in a whole new way.
Big chin records presents J. Leno does hits of the 80s.
Why, house, think grid service in the street.
Why, house, hate him up what the president is today.
He's about this street about this unbelievable.
If you like watching J. Walking, then you'll love
listening to J. Singing.
Come on, I lame.
Oh, I swear.
Oh, true story.
Within the paper this point, if I had run out of my own eyes,
I wouldn't believe it.
Really, if your favorite decade with a man who hasn't been
clever since then, pick up.
J. Leno does hits of the 80s today.
Where you at?
Don't do it.
I used to be funny, but I blew it.
Isn't that right, Kevin?
To order, J. Leno does hits of the 80s.
Just call 1-800.
Oh, who are we kidding?
No one's gonna buy this garbage!
J. Leno comes in and takes the boy home.
J. Leno comes in and takes the boy home.
You want to be the type of man.
J. Leno comes in and takes the boy home.
You fire the chief and the city magia
We know come and she take the boy home
You walk by and meet to be the know her banner
We know come and she take the boy home
A crooked arrogant you've been shocked
We know come and she take the boy home
A stupid paranoid big mouth huts
We know come and she take the boy home
Jump! You can't go on a hard-hearted road
We know come and she take the boy home
Jump! You can't go on a hard road
We know come and she take the boy home
Jump! You can't go on a hard road
We know come and she take the boy home
She's making a niche
All the old folks are better than mom
The check in the sea is beautiful
No, they never say please
Just waiting for their liver special to come
Wasting, waking, good or high
Searching for the falsies they left in a glass
And how they're reclaiming the desert
Tossed holes to play but they know
Is they're on their front
The shelter in love to get the early bird out down
And wasn't just as hot as they came
And once they are seated they get over heated
And stock stuff in roses we're lovin' at best
Wasting away again and good or high
Looking for that long lost album of you
And how they say that it's the full of truth
It's a day but for some and it's the proof
The old folks don't know the reason
But nothing is pleasing
The muscles ache and I keep just don't think
Oi!
But what does it matter
When they call up me and shout out
I hate you leaving never listen to your show
Wasting away again and good or high
Looking for that long lost album of you
And how they're reclaiming the desert
Tossed holes to play but they know
Is they're on their front
They just can't wait for the show
That's the movie
You're listening to Neil Rogers and Scorchellite
Yeah the audio Volta
The audio falls out
Scorchellite is up on my plans like Pesios said and the Godfather
So I got this thing timed out like to the tenth of a second man
I got it down to a science
I'm thinking I don't have to see another word
Not even see a manana
I still away go
Oh you just play another bit
Why?
Why stop now?
You have something locked in the load
So what are we going to do with those four spots?
Let me go see if I can play in the other room
Oh see if you can play in the other room
Unbelieveable, positively, unacceptable, polar crap
What are we going to do?
Fire something off and let you know what it is
We need to play another one
What kind of comedy as much a crap is that?
Well listen, so what should we play in here now?
Oh anything
No, my fast
How about
Absolutely
That is a rainbow forward type
Oh you
John, rainbow's still alive
I want to make movies for in five
My life is going great, Prada Hollywood's broke
Unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke
First blood came in 82
That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew
Rainbow's 2 was in 85 late
Rainbow's 3 was in 88
Shoo it, and run it, and through it
Like I did not make this movie with my son
He never sang, he was in Rocky 5 and daylight
The tunnel movie, a little bit cash is what I mean
I gotta get a hold from the pile of crepes
I gotta have a mud look and move me
Or a Broadway show like dinner, too
I guess nobody ever saw cop win
It was stupid, I guess I understand
My whole life is about to cave in
Oh I got left in terrible flavor
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make rainbow quorum by
Take it out, so call me up
I really need a script
I can do by a long word, keep it zipped
Delight comedy, action, adventure, and drama
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama
So give me a break for goodness sake
I used to be an Oprah, and I can't get on Ricky Lake
Right now I got a one man showered by Pepsi
Basically I'm an unemployed chip see
A little bit of cash is what I mean
I gotta get a hold from the pile of crepes
I gotta have a mud look and move me
Or a Broadway show like dinner, too
I guess nobody ever saw cop win
It was stupid, so I understand
My whole life is about to cave in
Oh I got left in terrible flavor
That's why ladies and gentlemen
I need to make rainbow quorum by
I'll do it
Oh crap
Okay so I left you the four minutes
Just in case you can play this five
Yeah he can play him, he's gonna wait for you to say do it
Well let's do it
See you guys by bye bye
