That'll do it. Our time is 10 o'clock. Neil Rogers is coming up next.
I just go to job. By the way, Moses, thanks for showing you his back home.
It was the other way around.
Didn't we find out that Joe showed his peace to Amoe?
I didn't squatting.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a factory pad.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to use.
You choose to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with Saddam.
Who's saying?
What do you think? Do you think we want to hear a couple of seconds of a major general and Tony O'Tegruba?
Maybe one second.
Okay.
Investigation team, consistent of officers, a senior and a listed personnel who are military police.
My sister abuses were systematic and blatant is what he said.
Well, this guy called a people.
He's got a full of people.
He's got a full of people.
And not only that, we have another bad bump on the road map in the Middle East there.
The bunch of dead Jews and Arabs once again.
I just mentioned these things in passing.
And also speaking of dead people, three more American soldiers have died in Iraq.
Every day at the beginning of the show, if we have more dead soldiers, I try to mention it because the general media don't even, not even news anymore.
More than 750 U.S. servicemen and women have died since March of 2003 since the illegal and unwarranted Iraq attack.
More than 750 lives have been flushed down the toilet.
Three more American soldiers died too from a hostile fire and won a ne traffic accident.
The U.S. command said yesterday.
So those who are keeping track, keeping the tally, the big scoreboard in the sky.
And Miss Fudge on her breathless fudge report says this morning.
Don't have the whole story on her yet.
Come on, let's get with it, mad, okay?
Tell Brian Andrews it's time to go home and get with it.
Pentagon possesses three discs of photos, one of which includes a photo of soldiers,
sodomizing prisoners with glow sticks.
Many of the photos are redundant, some have little to do with Iraqi detainees, but show sex between U.S. soldiers.
Pentagon officials prevailed at least temporarily in their insistence that the administration ought to immediately release the images, which includes the forced masturbation of one detainee.
Photo show American soldiers having sex with one another.
Bad grammar there, but I think you get the gist of it.
That's heterosexual sex though, right?
I don't know, we ain't seen him yet.
Here's the result yesterday's second pool, donuts.
This was a big, we got a big response on this.
Yeah.
Well, you know what the Brit said about the American public?
They're a little, like that, so.
At least we don't got no queen, okay?
At least we're not stuffy like you, Brit bastards, okay?
So you've got some goodness, some honest news on air, and some real newspapers.
At least we're not worshiping some royal family.
Well, I take that back, which is the best donut, 1244 votes, not too shamby.
Crispy cream, Josh, 692 votes, 55 and a half percent, not even close, no contest, no little contendent.
692, darkened donuts, 255, 20.4 percent, a very lame.
In other words, it was about more than like two and a half to one, more than two and a half to one, almost three to one.
I hate donuts, 133 people with no taste.
People probably like butter pecan ice cream.
You don't like butter pecan ice cream, do you?
Yeah, why not?
I mean, it's not my favorite, but oh, come on.
Why not?
I like pecans.
That's like from a back in the day when we didn't have the variety that we have now.
I'm not big into ice cream, so it's not like I'll cross the street.
Endermen's donut, 72.
Tim Horton's donut said 38, eight.
Now, there wasn't Tim Horton's in Boko once upon a time, whether they're still around in Florida, I don't know, but of course, here in Canada, there's a Tim Horton's at every street corner.
How's it going, Tim?
At least could've used it in that last game.
David Cream 26, public's donuts, 23 and host's donuts had seven out of 1248 votes.
We got two polls for today for the price of none.
How do you like that?
Got some bad news, though, here to start.
Is if the dead soldiers isn't bad enough?
Well, let's hear from Major General Antonio Taguba once again, just briefly.
Speak before you today.
I look forward to answering your questions.
Is he a pilipean?
I don't know.
Well, what differences, Emma?
He looks flippy to me, yes.
Okay.
What?
For the book.
Oh, for the book that you're going to write?
Well, he could be all of Taguba, don't sound like a Filipino to me.
It sounds like, yeah, actually, he does.
He's one of those.
Campbell pleads guilty of drunken driving again.
Heads his glint, will you put a lid on it already or what?
Phoenix, country singer Glenn Campbell pleaded guilty yesterday to extreme drunken driving,
leaving the scene of an accident.
Extentest regular pedestrian drunken driving, but extreme drunken driving as in.
Like that.
I didn't take the head that.
Under the P, a plea agreement in Maricopa County Superior Court, Campbell faces 10 days in jail
when he's formally sentenced June 14.
He'll be eligible for work for a low after 48 hours.
And as expected, the service of 75 hours of community service out of the deal,
an aggravated assault charge was dropped.
He just won, surly mother, you know what?
Campbell was arrested in November near his Phoenix home after leaving the scene of a minor traffic accident.
Accused of neighing, a police officer after being taken into custody.
The officer wasn't hurt.
Extreme drunken driving applies to a blood alcohol level of 0.15 or higher.
Police said, breath test on Campbell showed he had a 0.20 blood alcohol level at the time of his arrest.
Legal limit for Arizona drivers is 0.08.
He was 0.20.
Almost three times the legal limit.
The 68-year-old drunken singers lived in Arizona for more than two decades.
His hits of course include rhinestone cowboy, gallveston gentile on my mind,
and by the time I get your penis.
How do you like that?
Glenn Campbell, another little drunken driving episode.
She's on the surly side.
He's had a rough life.
Now let's take a look behind that beaded curtain today.
The neo-riders.com beaded curtain.
We've got the once upon a time about 100 years ago, very lovely mod atoms.
Yeah, I say once upon a time because she was born February 12, 1945 in Lulia, Sweden.
She's 59 years old.
She's an old bag, almost as old as I am, which is pretty damn old.
But once upon a time like I said, she looked pretty good.
Which you'll notice there behad a beaded curtain if you're old enough to take a peek.
You've got to sign your life away.
I don't want no minors.
All you punks out there.
Don't be looking no boobies on our beaded curtain, okay?
You've got to click that little button on there, which means you bet you're a great great read's life on it.
That you release 18 and probably hopefully over 30.
How old about 30 men?
Right, minimum.
She was in Ringer in 96.
Perry Mason, mystery on TV, the case of the wicked wives.
Silent night, deadly night for initiation.
The kill reflex, the favorite.
Angel 3, the final chapter, deadly intent.
Mysterious death of Nina Sheroux.
Jane and the lost city, women's club, hellhunter is the view to a kill.
I mean, on and on Chicago story on TV, the series.
Big Bob Johnson and his fantastic speed circus on TV.
Killer force, roller ball.
I didn't know that.
Me?
You know that?
No.
She was in roller balls.
You're rich on 75.
Yeah.
That's it.
Missed it.
Man with a golden gun, 74.
Yeah, remember that.
Pretty good movie.
Indeed.
Boys in the band.
She was in the freaking boys in the band.
How do you like that with all of them?
Screamers.
So there she is, mod atoms.
Take a peek at her.
She's 59 and the best part of the deal is she's still alive.
And they quite frankly in that picture look fairly alive.
At least the picture keeps.
Right.
Here's the first poll today.
How do you grade?
And I saw him on your yesterday.
He was campaigning in Pennsylvania.
I mean, it's not that he's like going into hiding, but it's just we don't see very much of John Kerry, no more.
And he was talking about healthcare.
Now, of course, there are a lot of people very concerned about healthcare.
And it's a very important issue, but not now, John.
See?
And they even pointed out, I forget where I was watching, but they pointed out that he's been criticized frequently.
And the deservedly so for talking about point A's, B and C, while points X, Y, and Z are the ones that everybody cares about.
If you catch, if you follow the diaphragm.
Draw it out.
Right.
In other words, he just don't have his eye on the ball.
He's always talking about other stuff when the public really wants to talk about what really everybody is talking about what we should be caring about.
I mean, like I said, healthcare is a very important issue.
We got plenty of time to get to that.
And we already know where he stands on that anyway.
But in the meantime, we'd like to show a little more fortitude, a little more forcefulness, a little more something.
Now, he does have that petition drive going.
He's got 275,000 signatures to have Rumsfeld fired or resigned. We'll get to that later.
Here's our first pool.
How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far?
Come on.
Excellent.
He's a shoe in.
Good.
He makes sense to me.
Fear needs to be stronger.
A week or what campaign?
Now to leave something out, I feel like I've left one, at least one category out there.
Excellent.
Well, how about just, we'll have to add on there.
Not great, but sure beats Bush.
But sure better than Bush.
How's that?
Okay.
Remind you of not phrasing that right?
No, I think we should phrase it.
I like Chris Bequeen better.
Okay.
Now, does Chris Bequeen make, I guess they probably do.
I don't think I ever had him.
Like with chocolate, yes, they do.
Why would you do that?
I mean, that's just, I would take a fact that in its purest form, in its pristine form,
it's so outstanding and delicious and sweet and tasty and just orgasm inducing.
Why would you take that and then like, smear a bunch of crap on it?
For variety, some people like chocolate.
I like chocolate, but you're right, not as good.
I can't talk with them.
So nobody in the world loves chocolate more than I do.
But not on a crispy cream donut.
No way.
No way.
No, stay pair me, Saki, I'll come to you that right now, Mr. I concur.
Cut the chocolate.
Now, back in the day, we would say cut something else, but we can't say that.
We could say cut the cheese, right?
We just can't play that sound.
How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far?
Excellent, he's a shoe in.
Good, he makes sense to me.
Fair needs to be stronger.
Week.
What campaign or not great, but sure better than Bush.
Of course, we could say that about all.
John Warner.
Huh?
And some of their recommendations.
I'll only talk like he's got a mouth full of cotton, you know what, John Warner.
Now, John McCain there, I tell you, I really like John McCain, especially even though it's got that, you know, that cancerous thing on the side of his cheek.
For his fault, it's not a tool, but.
Yeah, no, but I like McCain a lot.
And I think Kerry, if he had any brains, he would have a, he would have a summit with John McCain and say, listen, all those people that talked about you being my VP.
I know you said no, but think about it for the good of the country, for the good of the human race, for the good of us winning the election for crying out loud.
Just half a board.
They're already chummy.
They did that MIA thing together.
Yeah, they're chummy and they don't like grummy.
I'll tell you that.
Right.
They're no dummy.
They think he's pretty crummy and they know the president's a dummy.
And I bet you, John Kerry sent a nice card to mummy.
And how he's on the other side of the world.
He's true for our tummy.
Yeah.
From minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, if we seem a little bit in coherent today, which is because we are in white hell not, you know, with all the crap that's going on, especially knowing that most of you don't give a flying crap about it.
Hey, let's face it, you've been here me talk about fast train for a very long time now.
How's that quartet doing speaking of stuff people don't care about?
They're just tuned it up.
Are they tuned and up? Good.
Anyway, if you wondered if a fast train makes sense for you and your life, what seems to be going nowhere right now?
I have no life.
The facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with a necessary training and can help you achieve a brand new high paying computer career in just four short months.
It's the middle of May.
So let's say June, July, August before summer's out.
In just four short months, you can be on your way to a big fat paycheck.
Fast trains got day, night and weekend classes, financial assistance for those who qualify to.
Once you complete your classes, fast train can even assist you in obtaining a brand new computer job.
It's that easy.
Just pick up that code and make that one simple call that can change your life and earn you some real cash.
Call fast train right now at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
And with seven locations around town, including Miami, Kendall, Florida, and on Pumber Pines, there is bound to be a fast train campus nearby you.
So if you really want to change your life to two things, first check them out of the web if you like at fast train.com.
Or you don't have to do that.
Just make that call one way or the other.
Call toll free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
My life and local, this is 4-Tradio by City, QA and UAM.
Call me fastiraz.
Two weeks ago in the first of a series of speeches, I set out my proposal to end technology in broadband, perhaps forever.
This morning, I want to talk, however, recession.
The Bush administration helped balance our budget.
Good jobs are being created.
And working people can build a better life for their families.
I believe we can change that.
My pledge to America is to restore fiscal cancer.
And my budget plan is built on three economic principles.
First, destroy American jobs.
If I am president, outsourcing will occur with the numbers rising faster than human eye can see.
Second, ultimately, as deficits drive up long-term interest rates, they will dry up investment.
And they'll undermine the belief that home and overseas that America is worth investing in.
Third, all Americans will inherit a $20,000 debt in the first term of a Kerry administration.
And we will use that money to party.
Thank you very, very much.
Party.
Yeah.
There you go.
So anyway, Major General Taguba says, a failure of leadership from the Brigadier Commander down, total lack of supervision.
All of these things is what resulted in this grotesque series of episodes that they're so desperately trying to cover up.
I mean, they're trying to give to the bottom up.
Yeah.
Those damn pictures.
Ten, eighteen, and five.
Well, that's what it's all about.
No, no.
If it weren't for them pictures being taken, we wouldn't have any clue as to any of this going on.
And they're head cross and be sent in all their reports.
And the media would never even report about it.
They've been sending these reports for over a year now.
And anybody report on it?
No.
Anybody screaming about it?
No, not till now.
Not till we get those pictures.
That proved conclusively that the ICRC wasn't just doing magic mushrooms in Amsterdam, okay?
They did some other things around.
How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far?
That's our first poll question today, ninety-six.
Second one, we'll have a chance to add some of my names in there, which we know you like to do that, because you got nothing else going.
But believe me, it won't be easy.
It could be a short list.
I'm not going to, we'll do that in eleven.
I'll be surprised.
Okay.
Let's be in eleven.
It says that the defense...
There's Carl Leven when I'm pinching.
I see that the other guy who's testifying here the shield for the defense department.
This guy finally took his granny glasses off because it looked kind of a bursting that they both had the glasses down pinching their nose there.
It looked like they were about to do something together, him and Carl Leven.
Dapted fruit guantanamo and were the...
Can bone, that's your guy's name, can bone.
Can bone?
And by the way, general Taguba plays the tuba.
And says that some of them soldiers should use some luba.
But at any rate, ninety-six votes, how do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far?
Fear needs to be stronger, twenty-eight.
Week, twenty-five, that was my vote.
Week, like El Martino's voice and the godfather, my voice is weak.
Maybe that's what Kerry needs.
Somebody just slack up on the side of the face like, be a man!
Ciao!
Right, nice going, Mo.
What campaign, twenty?
Good, he makes sense to me, eleven.
His campaign is good.
Not great, the better than Boge 10.
Excellent, he's a shoe-in, too.
We got a piracy in that.
He's a shoe-in, got a piracy with Sanat.
Got a call here on line three.
We don't have time for a lot of calls today.
QAM, hello.
Please change the topic.
Oh, get lost.
Please change your underwear.
Okay, I can smell it all the way up here.
Good god.
Airvey, single minute of, airvey single day.
What would this guy do?
I have no idea.
If I said any of tomorrow, this is my last week.
I'm hanging it up.
Okay, this won a lottery for twenty-minute.
This guy has to blow his brains out.
This guy's got nothing, man.
We got to get him and the chamba, that guy, and then what's the other one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That guy, get the three of them together, they try.
Oh, yeah, please.
And then have them stand up, and that one, too.
Have them all stand on top of a thimble with electrodes stuck deep inside their neck.
Correct, yeah, that sounds good to me.
And if they take one phony of breath, one phony step, we turn on the switch.
Line nine is always good though.
QAM, hello.
Just forget about Boge.
You're going to stand forever.
What is it?
Boge will be here forever, just to get it.
Oh, okay, just forget it.
Forget about it.
Yeah.
WQM, hello.
Have you ever done a poll about what sucks the most about sawgrass?
Oh, God, I'm about it.
WQM, hello.
Hey, how are you doing, buddy?
I would say having to walk ten miles from your car to get to wherever you're going to the purple dolphin entrance.
Yes, sir, go ahead.
Hey, listen, I was just calling to Sponder at my two cents to why John Kerry's so low-key.
Maybe just those are the ones.
Call the comatose.
Yeah, you know, I just think he's kind of concerned that if he jumped on the bandwagon on the hot topic,
that they'll just turn around and use it and say he's just bashing the president.
Yeah.
So, I got to know for him, in case he hasn't noticed so far, if there was ever a time the president's ready to be bashed, right now is the time, baby.
Yeah, I know, but, you know, I think in the CNN poll today, they said that he's up one point.
No, no, no.
No, the one is, no, the one is morning. Bush was 48, Kerry 47.
Yeah, but, you know, a point between is not positive.
But you're missing the point.
The point is he ought to be 15 to 20 points ahead right now.
With all the crap that's going on right now, with the way the war is going on, with all the bodies coming back with this grotesque embarrassment and humiliation that's going on.
If he's not ahead, 10, 15 points right now, what's going to happen in October and November?
Yeah, but, you know, if you look at it, we've been split 50, 50, the whole country all the time.
It has been changed.
And even these, and it's amazing that with all these corruption charges coming up and all these things are happening, that he hasn't pulled away.
And if it goes back to the point that the media isn't really sending out the right message that this guy, you know, he's in a theater.
He doesn't know how he's doing.
Yeah, but, you're missing one point though.
And it is Bush is becoming more vulnerable.
His approval rating is the lowest that's ever been done.
46% but Kerry isn't going up.
You see, that's the problem.
He's ready to be had, but Kerry is moving in for the kill.
He's doing nothing.
And have a rate day.
He just vanished into thin air.
I mean, am I wrong?
No.
He is as vulnerable now as any president in recent memory.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think Jimmy Carter with the hostages in Iran, that was the last one.
That was this week.
That was just ready to be taken.
And as a former military guy, he's in a position to talk about stuff.
Yeah.
And instead of wasting, seeing the problem as he always responds, he gives the knee jerk respond.
They, they snap their fingers and he responds like Pavlov's dog.
Oh, he threw those medals over the fence.
That was 23, 33 freaking years ago for quite a while out.
Yeah.
Who gives a crap?
There were his to throw.
Yeah.
I mean, if we want to go on to that, let's, let's start talking to get about bush being
AWOL with the, I mean, national guard, all this other crap, the champagne division.
Yeah.
And the champagne lady that he knocked up in terms of the abortion clinic, he had the abortion that he paid for.
All of those things.
By the way, Larry Flipbrook will be out this summer.
Very good.
And then Michael Moore movie, Fahrenheit 9-11, will come out.
Disney or not.
He will be out of all the theaters.
It's at the Canfim Festival right now.
You can bet your life, big Greg's life on it that he's going to win another award.
And it'll be out.
And, but what worries me is that in spite of all these things, it's almost as if about 70% of the American public knows that bush is a total dunderhead in a failure and incompetent in a liar and a thief.
But they're just waiting for somebody to say something that makes sense.
And please don't let's play the native card anymore.
I don't want to hear one word of that anymore.
Nader.
I don't want to hear it.
Because, you know, in a normal election where you really had a contest like in 2000,
which shouldn't have been a normal election other than the Al Gore was wooden and incompetent.
But ordinarily, two or three percent, he got 2.7 percent.
Shouldn't have made a difference.
It shouldn't have been close enough for them to steal.
And the same is true this year.
Carrie should be 15 to 20 points ahead right now if he was running any kind of a campaign.
He's not.
I say, let's bring back Howard Dean.
He has said it 10 days ago.
You said it yesterday.
I'm saying it again today just hoping that maybe somebody hears it.
Come on Howard.
Yeah, get out of the closet there.
Right?
We've had enough of this loser enough of this wafler is what he really is.
We talked about donuts yesterday.
How about waffles today?
We're going to South Carolina.
There you go.
Lay it out on your own.
Stick it to it.
And New Mexico.
We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon.
And Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington.
Do you see the thing back to White House?
Yeah.
Throughout Iraq, including Abu Ghraib prison.
What do you make of that statement?
I don't know John, but it looks like that cheek is puffed up again, man.
I look into that.
I like John McCain sometimes.
I mean, there's other things, you know, he's he's a conservative, but he's a war hero.
Yeah.
That a drought.
Well, he was not with every norvel last night.
They played part of the tape from his narrative of the book that he wrote about his experiences as POW.
Man, it was just unbelievable what they did to him.
I mean, it was wow.
They have boo shoots.
They just kept knocking him down and breaking his arm and kicking him in a crotch.
And just all these things.
And then he tried two or three times to commit suicide and could even get the job done.
Poor John McCain.
Good man, but what can I tell you?
And of course, keep in mind the way that Bush trashed him back in 2000, right?
With the way that they just eviscerated his credibility and just took on American.
Well, just like the same thing they did to Max Cleveland in Georgia, there are no real war heroes.
They're only the AWOL heroes like Rummy and the Cheney and the Bush, the chicken hawks.
1027 at 560 WQM.
Nobody wants to talk about cancer, heart disease, any grotesque diseases, but you'll look to yourself and your family to be sure that you're in good health.
It's a proven fact that if you catch one of these things early, that they respond very well.
But again, detecting these diseases early is what is the key.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, coronary heart scoring,
full body screening exams that can detect cancer, other life threatening diseases in their early stages.
You don't even need a doctor's referral.
I did the exams the coronary heart scoring and full body screening couple weeks ago.
It's a piece of cake, totally unnon-impressive.
And even the virtual colonoscopy is much less invasive than the traditional kind.
And it gives you real peace of mind when you walk out of there known that you have a real good test.
And if you have some problem, like I said catch it early, while it's not too late.
For all your imaging exams, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4.966-63600.
For the test, like I said, that can really give you and your family peace of mind.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer state of the heart imaging equipment with open MRI, high speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much, much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving some photo for over 20 years.
And the facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you'd like to follow and maybe break your neck.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center day for your imaging exam.
It could be one of the most important calls you'll ever make. It could be a life saver.
Call 9.5.4.966-63600.
Find a local, this is Spive City.
Radio door your door.
You am.
All right.
Oh George Bush.
Live a place you can land so that you can.
A boy be here now.
Now you said you.
Served active duty.
Just find my you.
Be.
Pat.
Send.
In.
Your mind.
George Bush.
Your positions at state.
Cause John Kerry.
Is out to sue your fate.
Those questions.
About the National Guard.
That might lead your rep.
You.
T-Shine Start.
This one to say you're not.
A-W-O-L.
And you can't prove you're not my.
A-W-O-L.
What a funny thing.
The military can't find.
Where you were in that one year's time.
You party and you went.
A-W-O-L.
You're daddy hooked to do.
A-W-O-L.
If you don't leak a clean.
Where the story that's real.
You might turn back voter up to you.
How's that court debt you want to road my.
By the way.
1033.
2074, 11 and 560 WQ are in.
Red Cross was told abuse is part of the process.
Oh, I like it.
I really love the way some of those ends.
So you get to answer about that.
I like it.
Oh, it was having some fun last week with him.
We were waiting for it.
I see.
Well, let's see.
Before we get to the Red Cross was told abuse is part of the process.
Let's see these facts is here.
Chronic Rick, who's just out of control and cannot stop what these facts is already says.
Welcome back.
George was excellent as usual.
See, I told you.
Thank you, Rick.
A little disappointed because of no eating.
I can't say that.
Eating, uh, no.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
I like me, oh God, for satellite radio, I can listen to you in the Armed Services Committee at the same time.
Bush would not fire Ramayn or should anyone want to.
Look who's next on the chain, Paul Wolfowitz, even a bigger video.
Now, see, all the editorials have said that Wolfowitz is unacceptable because he's one of the architects of the mess that we're in right now and everybody knows that.
So just because he would fire Rumsfeld doesn't mean he could put anybody in there.
Certainly not Wolfowitz.
He is totally unacceptable.
Finally, Josh, you're a blockhead.
How can you even compare Krispy Kream donuts to Duncan Dry Crap donuts?
He must be under 19 that would be his only excuse while he just turned 21. He's a punk. He has no any better
Even velvet cream on Southwest eighth street was better when they were still in business the Duncan drunk
Duncan drunk chef got to make the donuts care what I?
Don't know
The Duncan drunk chef. Oh, what did I say? That's what you said? Yeah, I don't understand
Hey, Rick, you're getting some help. I have no last calm down. You mean well, but so do a lot of people
Let's see bet oh, we're still getting faxes on the donuts now. This is good right?
Definitely forgot about getting it all over again. All right
Best donuts in Florida to be found a dandy donuts in dear field beach on a federal highway made on the premises every morning
Grow made donuts
13 for a six and a half bucks. It was a Tim Horton's at one time. I say I've been there. It's not bad
Really well, I mean like we're gonna take your endorsement for it like you got to take some donuts. I concur that just dandy
I mean after picking
Duncan donuts over crispy cream and you're gonna like chime in on this man. Oh, man
Pick a subject. You know something about when we find one okay, it's us and donuts better cuz they're bigger
Is that what it is? They're bigger. Yes. I got an idea for you instead of like having one Duncan donut
I have two crispy creams. How's that? Don't be right back. Yeah
Dandy donuts in dear field beach. Okay, let's put that on the pool yesterday. I mean let's pretend we did oh look at that
That's 600 votes already. Yeah
Oh, this is bad Boston nine former students of the Boston School for the Deaf out of lawsuit today
allegedly were raped and beaten beaten by nuns at the now-to-funks school. Dan those nuns
miserable penguins
The plaintiffs named at least 15 nuns in the lawsuit along with a priest of Reverend Charles Day Murphy
How come everybody in Boston's name Murphy?
Thirr is right and the schools have let the constructor Gary Gedney according to their attorney Mitchell-Gurah Girobedion
The alleged victim is three-one and six men were between the ages of seven and sixteen when they claimed they were sexually and physically abused between
1944 and 77 the Boston School for the Deaf and Randolph was operated by the church before a close more than a decade ago
They're all speech impaired and hearing impairments of Girobedion who represents a total of 31 former students at the school
Expressed to found more lawsuits alleging abuse there instead of receiving an education
They received beatings and sexually abusive actions. This seems to be part of the American psyche don't it?
Full for sexual abuse so here Senator Ted has
Evidently approved these kinds I don't know details sir, but those that he there is a list that he has approved
He has approved what about on Iraq as he approved as signing off on harsh methods of interrogation
I had a drink
Anyway rent cross
was told abuse was partly processed
According to Reuters the Red Cross are US troops keeping Iraqi prisoners naked for days in darkness if the Ebo grave jail on October was told by the intelligence officer in charge
It was part of the process a leaked report said yesterday a lot of leaks going on you know what
A lot of leaks squirt squirt
The international committee of the Red Cross also described British troops forcing Iraqi detainees to kneel and stopping on their necks and an incident in which one prisoner died
Yeah, kneel down. Let me stop on your neck and then the one guy guy. Yeah, he does just blowing off steam
Yeah, it's the paternity a prank. That's all they shouldn't have attacked us and when I'm here in some of the comments that these right wing
Shmed recalls are making it just it's just unbelievable I
Mean one thing to know how dumb so many the American people are but then when you really find out when you really get down to the old nitty-gritty
It's pretty yeah
Something arimes with both of those the Red Cross said it repeatedly alerted US let
Occupation authorities to practices at described as serious violations of internationally mandatory in law and in some cases tantamount to torture
It confirmed the confidential February 4th report which appeared on the Wall Street Journal website Monday was genuine
The 24-page report concluded that persons deprive of their liberty face the risk of being subjected to a process of physical and
Psychological coercion in some cases tantamount to torture in the early stages of the internment process
During a visit to Abu Ghrib and not it's interesting. They're starting to spell as that. Well, it's probably a typo
I in October Red Cross delegates witness the practice of keeping persons deprive their liberty completely naked and totally empty concrete cells and
In total darkness the report said upon witnessing such cases the ICRC interrupted its visits and requested an explanation from the authorities
The military intelligence officer in charge of the interrogation explained that this practice was part of the process
It was SOP
It said it met prisoners who were being held naked in complete darkness others have been held naked and were allowed to dress but given only women's underwear
The Red Cross's visit to two months before pictures were taken to US troops of using prisoners
Which later led to criminal charges against seven soldiers and on and on a course. They knew about this for about a year
And we're talking about it in PR yesterday and this morning. Uh-huh. I'll say and see we told you
Yeah, and nobody was listening because there were no pictures
That business about a picture is worth a thousand words or a million words or whatever else that is absolutely correct
You're because that's that's why we got this whole thing going on right now
There would be no investigation. There will be no hearings. There will be no gnashing of teeth. There would be no nothing
The only thing would be going on to be a lot more rapes and a lot more sadistic and sexually abusive crap
A lot more of these so-called fraternity pranks rush
I mean how could anybody how can you have any credibility when you're a pill pop and phony a while line son of a bitch
How can you possibly have any credibility? Huh when your audience is over the dirt?
Good golly miss molly. You don't do no rush. Whatever you say rush. Well rush said there's a rush today
me
By the way, you got Wilma's number
Let's be done. All operate with the same rules
I'm a terror. I can only speak for the last inside of your rocks. You're gonna provide those rules
I can do that
Let me just ask you a finally
In the I just like hearing him speak. You know, I just got it with all his heavy baggage in his heavy jowls
It just me gives me like the tiniest little ray of hope. You know the fact that he's still alive. I
Conclusion in your testimony. You know Sam. Mm-hmm. I like the way he says chowda. Yeah
19 to 11 at 560 Q.A.
We're supporting you 560
Throw on some boxer shorts. Let's cruise a bar and rage with some things
Excellent
Uncle Chad did what she's are into the slash name to impress these beds and do the wall thing in the compound
No way bill. That's way dead
Rich that powerful
They like to swim naked. Well, you're gonna be smitten and take Kennedy in
The Lanterns X-Word adventure are two the next genitalia
Excellent
What happens when the other practice I zig-washed the pooh to a zagger
Well, I don't think you can say prune tank. Can you? No, no proof. I see
Especially not in South Florida, man
They run a riot when you say the prunes are out 1046 at 560 W. Q.A.
275,000 signatures on carry petition for arms folder resign. All right. Nice going John
Some 275,000 people are signed a petition lost by Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry calling for US
The French secretary Donald Romney Rumsfeld to resign over the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal as campaign director said
Mary Beth Kaila, the statement said Americans want accountability and responsibility at the highest levels of our government
calls of multiply for Rumsfeld to resign after those images of Iraqi prisoners being
Sotomized abused et cetera all of these things by youth personnel at Abu Ghraib were made public
Yadi yadi yadi
Carriers also question bushes right to lead the way to the scandal well now he's getting pretty forceful, isn't he?
Yeah, he's really piling on man. He's coming out with a heavy duty stuff. You just wait. You ain't see nothing yet
Slow starter, but a strong finisher. Look at all on primaries man. He came from out of nowhere and he bulldozed them all
Don't ask me how
How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far that's our first pull quick? You've only got to 11 o'clock on this one
And then we get to the 80 million dollar question that you won't be able to answer
272 votes fair as campaign is fair, but needs to be strong or 75 it's weak
66 a it's weak. That's what I said weak
What campaign 57? That's what I said not
Not great but better than bush 49
Good he makes sense to me 20. Excellent. He's a shoe in five
Five people have obviously been doing heavy heavy-duty drugs
Maybe with rush
WQA and hello
Neil yes, sir. How are you today? I'm great. How are you today, sir? Good Neil. Thank you for asking
Hey, me I got a question for it, but the the only thing I haven't heard and I've been keeping up with this and maybe I'm just you know
An idiot like everybody else out there. I think that's right exactly
The prisoners that they have and I'm not pre-qualifying this because what's going on is just atrocious
But what were these people in prison for that just they just grabbed for a while?
No
No, no not for how long but what did they what weren't to them going to prison where these people?
They were they were they were picked up for whatever reason just arbitrarily office three things in like a way to look
Well, yeah, they were rounded up for questioning and 90% of
Wouldn't do nothing. Okay, because I didn't know if I didn't know not knowing what's going on over there as far as you know
I don't think our government knows what's going on over there, but it's hard. No, certainly don't
I just wanted the great planning the post victory planning that the Bush administration failed to think about
Right, I don't know if these were people that had killed American soldiers or they're different
of
I got you. All right, you answered my question there, sir. Neil. I'll talk to you later
Okay, and just don't you know don't look in front any angry assoulders out there in the street corners. Okay when they start taking the street corners
And we have martial law in a few months and of course what we have martial law then we won't have any election will we know I'm sorry we can't
If those cold results start looking really bad then probably we'll have to call the whole thing off right
And then of course we got eight years for jab and eight years for George P Bush and of course like the president said who cares
What this all comes out to anyway because by the time it all finishes up, it all be dead anyway right history
Right, we don't care about no history because we'll all be dead anyway
Now how could a warning in Christian who's a real believer say some crap like that see I don't I don't care what anybody says
And I realize he's dumber than a box of rocks, but the fact of the matter is I still think that the first of all he don't even go to church on Sunday
He and Laura don't even go to church most of the time now what kind of religion to start those oh
Part time yeah, part time at best. I think the word you're looking for is Erzatz fair weather Christian
I think this whole thing is just to make in fact how many
ex drunks and drug addicts and ex
I say I can't even use that word anymore ex do do bags you find well all of a sudden you know they start drinking their diet
Coke and all of it they turn to God and they get off the booze and 99% of them are full of crap
Maybe that guy will call back in again about AA in the 12 steps
Oh
Five six oh that guy really him and that other one really frosted my ass that they are the most important people in history
They've got people at the end of the how can you not put them on there? What was the guy's name Bill?
Huh, I don't know Bill something or other Bill Steadman Bill fly sure Bill Schwartz. I don't know. I'm not a 12 stepber
WQ Agusteper you better practice WQA. I'm hello. I gotta tell you. Yes sir. Hey, what I want to know is where is congress that you know
This was Clinton in there. They would be they would be stringing him up from the capital
Don't they're holding hearings right now sir. They're putting out a dog in ponies show for it turn on your dv
The benefit of all members
the
Pictures has been raised and I'd like to address that um
This old
Indicated its willingness to cooperate in every way to provide these
Pictures
Yes, you're just a scientist. I'm just a church is committee. We want to see it occurred to me in like pasties
Charmin that this issue was a Senate institutional issue. They went beyond. Yeah, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
They're all gonna come out now. You know that yeah
Every one of these creatures will wind up on the internet the videos will come out
It'll all wind up out there so they might as well if they were smart, which they're not
But if they were see their hope that they can like cover this all up like they were hoping in the first place don't work
Don't work they'll all get out they'll all be on the internet and this module have mine her website. They'll be everywhere you'll look
Even love this story. I I I leaked this to you before the show today. I leaked it
Top officials will fake degrees. I don't want to reduce your confidence in government folks because there's more important things in life
You know like having a good time good food getting laid once in a while things like that but
They are safety engineers at nuclear power plants and biological weapons experts
They work at NATO headquarters at the Pentagon and nearly every other federal agency and
As CBS news correspondent Vince Gonzalez reports their employees with degrees from phony schools
All right, yeah, how do you like that?
These degrees aren't worth the paper. They're printed on says one insider who's asked CBS news to protect his identity because he wants to stay alive
And speaking of that general major general to goobie here was on your screen right now if you're watching
He better watch himself because they know they're already pissed off at him
You hear those rumblings and ramblings they don't like the whistleboats. He was senator bird. I knew it
But one character and valuel never see him together with Don I miss it's the describe he puts the glasses on puts on a white hair wig
That's Don I miss
Anyway, the man work that is so called the plumber mill where students pay a lot of money to get the degree online or through the mail for a little or no work
He says he's not surprised to know that there are people working in almost every level of government
Who have degrees from these types of operations?
For example a assistant secretary of defense Charles Abel has a masters from Columbus
University of the plumber mill Louisiana shut down
Deputy assistant secretary Patricia Walker list among her degrees a bachelor's degree from Pacific Western a
Plumber mill banded Oregon under investigation currently in Hawaii
This is beautiful
CBS news requested interviews with both officials the Pentagon turned us down saying
We don't consider it an issue
But using such a degree is a crime in some states Alan Contreras cracks down on the plumber mills for Oregon a state that's taken lead on this issue
You don't want somebody with a fake degree working in Homeland Securities is Conferrest
You don't want somebody with a fake degree teaching your children or designing your bridges
But we found employees with the plumber mill degrees at the new transportation security
Administration the defense intelligence agency and the departments of treasury and education where Renee drew in sits in on a advisory committee
He has degrees from two to plumber mills including Kensington University
Kensington was forced out of business by officials in California and Hawaii another Kensington alum
Florida state representative Jennifer Carol just stepped down from the National Commission on Presidential Scholars
Both Carol and Drew and said they worked hard and thought their degrees were legitimate
The students are being sold a bill of goods that really doesn't help them at all the insiders says
There's slick people out there. It's happening every day every minute probably somewhere in America
And taxpayers of paper bogus degrees some workers used for hiring promotions and raises
That great
Wonderbar all these great scholars who got their
Law degrees from the University of Hard Knocks came art right Walmart vending machine
Home Depot office depot
Publix Windixi
Radio shack etc
Oh
Wait till we get to the SSTC stuff over the one story man the rush story no, but no the rush. Yeah
It goes to show a house psychic I am again. I had that dream too. I had to go. This is a true story. You had a dream. I had a dream
Neoranjas King Jr
And in my dream came I saw it. I saw this image of doing a show and
In front of me was this long table
All across this big wide room
And at the table were sitting like dozens not one or two not a whole not like you know back into days when we had
Farrow and we had like three or four people sitting there with a button which still didn't do any good by the way guys pretty
Weat job but at any rate all these punks who sit at this table now each and everyone has got nothing in front of them except
A square yellow button which is our dump button to dump crap that's not supposed to be on here like how to dump that I did dump it
I don't know if you did or not, huh? Yeah, no you did
I did well though because they said prune tang without the art
I that's not on the list but but at any rate and so I had this dream
That all these people are sitting at this table with a dump under for them and now low and behold it looks like it's a it be happening
So that the lord even loves Neoranjas
He's back in jail
We seeing his classic hits for his latest release. It's Glenn Campbell live from the parakeet of the tools
Amin old drunk cowboy
When I can't see the lines that start weaving all over the road
Oh
By the time I find my penis I'll be sober
I am the truth I have a cellmate is named your own
Oh
It'sMy
bem
I
Oh, well, oh, well, what?
I thought we were losing you like yesterday.
No, not really.
Why do you almost worry?
I almost went out of the table on that one.
See if Josh and Doug there would get their job done and come in and review these 55,000 bits we've got.
We went out and go, okay.
I mean, that was great in using it.
Come on, Brian.
Just a couple of those I can handle, okay?
But, man, just a barrage.
They were all raspberries, by the way, folks.
A couple of blueberries.
A couple of raspberries.
And I think a couple of poison berries, if you ask me.
Wow, that's okay.
I thought I thought it'd be able to bury too.
Sure, yeah.
There you go.
Wow.
Here's the final result on it, first pull.
How do you grade John Kerry's campaign so far?
Fair needs to be stronger 101.
Week 84.
Week.
What campaign 74?
Not great, but better than Boge 61.
Good, he makes sense to me.
22 and excellent.
He's a shoe in six out of 348 votes.
Not, sounded too good.
Like only 7, 8.1% say good or excellent.
And the rest of them say, let's get going.
Let's get with it.
What are you, what's going on here, man?
I think the cops suggest this, and they the cop really desperately needs a rest.
A rest.
I have no life.
Go on and arrest some evil doers, will you?
Kerry reminds me of a boxer who's giving away round after round waiting for his opponent to tire.
He says, only problem is by the time the 12th round gets here, election day.
Kerry will need a knockout to win.
And it seems though he lacks the punch, says Dave the cop.
I think that's not too bad.
A pretty good analization.
We hope that's wrong, of course, but nevertheless.
Now I think the fact that I played that we had a little bit of defugal in there.
No, I think that was an act of God.
Yeah, God.
Because it leads into the sub of these other stories now.
Right.
Adding an additional safeguard against anything actionally indecent getting out on the air,
Emma's broadcasting, plants to hire at least two paralegals to augment existing indecency protections.
So you should have seen me.
I was pressing every button on this board here and just...
I had the picture in my mind.
I had the picture in my mind.
Total panic.
Like when you stop blowing those things.
I mean, I know they're just raspberries and cranberries.
Again, I do like cranberries.
Jesus, Brian, enough of that crap.
I mean, while no hires have been made by Emmis, and this is the Emmis, the company is looking
to add paralegals in Chicago for man cows morning man house, NWKQX, and insane Lewis Pratt
for the Howard Stern Show, which is carried by KPNT.
We already have a layer or two.
This would be a backup system and edit measure, Emmis.
Yeah, we could have a table.
We got 50 people sitting at the table on Ed Ryan's Stone Cowboy bit.
We're done no good.
Thank God it was only strawberries.
Right.
This would be a backup system and edit measure, Emmis spokeswoman Kate Healey tells FMQB.
What is FMQB?
What does that stand for?
Something a quarterback.
Right.
Well, no, it's an industry.
I should know that.
I never really opinion anything.
Well, whatever it is, it's another industry thing.
Emmis has $28,000 in pending in-decently fines for a series of three-year-old man cow broadcasts.
The extra layer would augment existing per cost by giving a person with a legal background
access to the dump button.
Company President Jeff Smolian says the company is taking the additional measure to air on the side of caution.
If you're asking if there's been an overcost in the part of broadcast today, I think the answer is yes.
The New York Times quotes Smolian is saying everyone is going to air on the side of caution.
There's too much at stake.
People are just not sure what the standards really are.
No shmets, we'd art.
Nobody's got any idea what the standards are.
I'll be frank, go on.
Here's our second pool.
And this is almost amusing.
Sad amusing.
Who is the most honest politician in the USA?
Alright.
Short list.
Yeah.
Well, I put GW Bush, I mean the Bush people probably will say, oh yeah, he would never steal a freight train.
And also they're all crooks.
I don't have any other names on the list.
I want to put a Howie on.
Who?
Howard Dean.
Howie, Howie Dean?
My buddy.
Howie doing, Howie?
Howie doing, what?
Screaming.
So Howard Dean, that's what we are.
I guess we'll put John McCain on there too.
Why not?
People like John McCain never stole a freight train.
He's got that thing on the side of his face.
So that's it.
Who's the most honest politician in the USA?
Think about that for a while while I've finished this story.
As almost anyone in a radio can attest uncertainty about exactly where the line is currently positioned as resulted in extreme measures in Emma's hometown of Indianapolis, WIBCAM edited Rush Limbaugh 11 times on March 3rd.
The day after the company instituted a zero tolerance policy for words like urinate, damn and orgy.
The Times also reports the WABC New York edited the word parachute after one of its personalities mispronounced the last syllable of the word.
Meanwhile, Stuart Epperson, co-founder of Conservative Christian Broadcasting, Salem Communications, come out against legislation that would regulate broadcast content.
While Epperson is certainly not a Howard Stern fan, he worries that proposed indecency legislation would have unintended consequences.
Marked my words, however, if impending government action can cause Howard Stern to be taken off the ear, imagine a bill that would give the FCC power to so regulate content that actor 3 finds for violating standards set by fee at a station to lose its license.
He said in a commentary published by Washington this batch.
Epperson isn't worried about what a commission dominated by reasonable people might do.
Instead, he imagines a hypothetical where a newly elected president Hillary Rodham Clinton appoints radical liberals to the FCC.
Armed with license revocation powers for obscene content, these commissioners determine a conservative use constitute hate speech, which they usually do, of course, and hate speech is obscene.
In Epperson's what if scenario that commission declares that comments against gay marriage constitute discriminatory hate speech?
Armed with that sort of ammunition, the FCC would have no problem finding the excuse for shutting down those voices that broad catch what they would call homophobic usey said.
So in kind of a cock-eyed half-assed way, like I said, you heard what I said.
The committee of the law has a button.
Ask.
No more that.
That was quite an exercise.
I'm just smashing everything I can find here.
Just praying that he stops making those raspberry sounds away. Jesus, glad my God.
That's okay.
For some reason that sound is okay and even that sound that one's okay.
Oh, there's other ones, man.
In fact, what happens is every time the sun that slips out there and muff and clearance have to come stand by the doorway there and sniff the air just to make sure it was only raspberries or some other fruit.
And believe me, the two of them, they know their fruit.
Jacques Steinberg in the New York Times writes,
The reverberations from this year's Fiasco of a Super Bowl halftime show are reaching every corner of the broadcasting world and not even the viewers of Masterpiece Theatre are immune.
Ready for that?
Okay.
The producers of Masterpiece Theatre intent on staying in the good graces of an FCC increasingly vigilant for instances of indecency took a step last month and never had before.
They chose not to make available to PBS members stations and unexperienced version of the critically acclaimed British series Prime Suspect and sent out instead to edited versions, one with all the salty language edited and another with only some of the possibly offending words excised.
Taking similar cues from regulators and Indianapolis radio station preempted words like,
And classic rock radio stations have held compelled to prune their playlist, striking songs like Elton John's, The Bitches Back and Bitch by the Rolling Stones.
How do you like that?
All of a sudden they're eliminating Bitch.
Well, guess what? On issue we still say Bitch.
Television or radio broadcaster said they have little choice but to practice a former self-sensorship, swinging the pendulum of what they consider acceptable in the direction of extreme caution.
In other words, they're peeing in their pants. Can we say that?
No.
Oh.
A series of recent decisions by the FCC as well as bills in Congress and put them on notice that even the unintentional broadcast is something that could be considered in decent or obscene could result in stiffer fines or even revocation of their license.
So quote with all that raspberry stuff.
Okay, Brian, you idiot.
You maniac, you lunatic.
Now let's see who am I going to vote for on this thing.
I'm going to vote for that.
Now how come we don't have on there? They're all crooks.
Uh oh.
Where do I see that? Where's my choice, Josh?
He's uh...
It's coming.
Yeah, I better.
Who is the most honest politician in the USA?
Now they interrupted the hearings there.
What's that? They go out for a pee break or something?
What's that all about?
Huh?
Or they have to get the spots in.
Let me turn over to the BBC and see if they'll...
Oh, they're commentating.
The uh... is a ramping up of the sort of level of control uh... in Chechen attempt to impose...
And they're talking about Chechen and where they had that unfortunate...
...prisoned over the weekend.
A little bit of a problem there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Let's be patriotic, baby. Let's get a list of 600 great USA politicians here today.
Just to prove to the world how honest we all are.
And what great leaders we have.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Jim Jeffords.
Jim Jeffords?
Yeah, the senator from Vermont who went over and turned over to his defendant.
Yeah, right. I know who he is, but I mean...
Oh, okay. He's clearly...
He was honest enough to see what was coming and happening.
And at least to me, that's the honesty.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Palli. Have a great day.
Jim Jeffords, J-E-F-F-O-R-D-S. Got it?
Got it.
Now let me hope real quick here. They're all crooks.
I still don't see it on there yet, though.
What's going on here, J-E-F-O-R-D-S?
It's on there. If you couldn't eat them, they'd be in duck and donuts.
Refresh it.
Yeah, it's refreshing in their mild, too.
Okay, they're all crooks. That's what I'm voting for right now.
Don't give me any baloney about that.
In fact, I would vote for...
Well, I'll let somebody else put them on there.
Ted Kennedy?
Right.
Honesty killed that Maria Joe Kepecti, man.
It's apaclitine. I don't care.
Now it's all water under the bridge.
And she's in the water under the bridge, right.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, would you speak to them, please?
Speaking.
Rather, Joe.
Oh, I am here.
Okay. WQAM, hello.
You all make a difference.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, Ola.
All right.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Speaking of a cocot at half-ass.
Yeah.
Oh, am I talking to Neil?
Yes, sir.
Oh.
You got 140,000 US troops over in Iraq
between the age of 18 and 21 or 25, whatever.
Yeah.
Which probably means you need about three to 500,000 orgasms a week
to keep them going.
Yeah.
They are in a Muslim country that has practically no hookers.
Uh-huh.
Good point.
I'm surprised that they're not playing naked leapfrog over the place over there.
Uh-huh.
Maybe they are, but I think those pictures are coming out Thursday.
They're just keeping missing.
Yeah.
Those pictures are coming out Thursday.
Oh, I didn't make it over.
Yeah.
70 QA and Hello.
Uh-huh.
I'm not the senator from Washington.
Jeffrey Jefferson, Jeffers.
I beg your pardon?
Yes.
The senator that put sighted over with the humble chicken likes a pair.
Oh, yeah.
That one.
70 QA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I gotta tell you, the only answer I hope you didn't vote yet,
the dead follow-up edition.
You want an honest one?
Find a dead one.
Okay.
I'll get you that one.
Okay.
5607 0560.
0560.
I see they're trying to prove to me that I was wrong yesterday.
Another really are.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, Nettippo.
Yeah.
I almost have one, but you're supposed to bust the body without my-
Yeah, okay.
5607 0560.
0560.
You see, I told you, they want a list that actually have some possibilities to vote on there.
So I'm really confounding them for the second day in a row.
Let's go back to the Donut poll.
Okay.
They were doing real good on that one.
Donut poll.
I think they can really, like I said, sink their teeth into the Donut poll.
1114 at 560 WQM is your company's suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Payroll administration.
Fortune 500 company employee benefits.
Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover
to help your business be more profitable for you.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice,
which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
So let our friends at Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation call tool free 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Line in local.
Here's Sports Radio 560.
You a UAM.
I'm a UAM.
I make up so bad radio with free VAM.
I make up so bad everything we have.
I make up my power to handle that one till death.
It's a way more journey but don't fire me till death.
Love 19.
Somebody says, oh John, and Columbia South Carolina.
These packages begin just as chronic as the colors.
In case we have another thing we have.
John says Jimmy Carter.
So we'll put Old Jim on there.
Pretty honest.
We'll put out one way on him back.
No.
No thanks.
No thank you.
He had his chance.
See, honest that doesn't necessarily mean good.
Right.
See what I'm saying?
Everybody likes a good crook if the crook is on your side.
It's like when Tammany Hall was running New York State
or when original Dick Daily was running Chicago.
Everybody knew they were crooks but they were crooks who were on your side.
Did it stuff for you, you know, for use?
You and that's what people want.
Military newspaper blames Rumsfeld and Myers for professional negligence.
A leading military newspaper said that US defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld
set the tone for prisoner abuse scandal in Iraq by refusing to give captives rights
due prisoners of war under the Geneva conventions.
This was a figure that ran straight to the top
said the editorial appearing in the May 17 edition of the Military Times Weeklies.
Accountability here is essential even if that means relieving top leaders
from duty in a time of war.
It said owned by Gnett.
The military times publishes the Army Navy and Air Force times the weeklies
that are widely read by service members and distributed on US military bases around the world.
The editorial said the soldiers caught in photographs and videos
abusing prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prisoner referred to around the Pentagon as the six morons who lost the war.
But the folks in the Pentagon are talking about the wrong morons it said.
Responsibility it said extends all the way up the chain of command
of the highest reaches of the military hierarchy and its civilian leadership.
The entire affair is a fader leadership from start to finish it said.
Defense secretary Rumsfeld set the tone early in this war
by steadfastly refusing to give captives the rights accorded to prisoners of war
under the Geneva convention it said.
From the moment their captured prisoners are hooded, shackled and accorded no rights whatsoever,
the message to the troops is anything goes.
The editorial also for a false General Richard Myers, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
for trying to persuade CBS television to refrain from airing the images
while failing to read the Army's own damning internal report detailing the abuses.
On the battlefield, Myers and Rumsfeld's eras would be called a lack of situational awareness
a figure that amounts to professional negligence it said.
They both got to go as what they said the military newspapers.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Not just some comic pincot at the New York Times that are Washington Post.
56650560.
This should be fun like I said.
I knew we wouldn't have too many names on the list or too many votes.
Who's the most honest politician in the USA?
They're all crooks 35.
John McCain's got a dozen.
Donuts.
Howard Dean, in fact, probably he's got one like shovel in his cheek there.
He's probably had the donut in there.
Yeah, come on.
I bet it's a crispy cream.
Howard Dean's got three.
George W. Bush, too.
Jimmy Carter won and Jim Jeffords has got the big...
Oh!
None.
Out of first 53.
56650560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line.
70QA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Let me ask you something.
What's the deal with the FCC in these mines?
I turned on my radio about 10 to 11 last night.
And I'm starting to go up the dial on the FM.
And early in the dial, there's a rap station on there.
They're playing the F-word, the MF-word, the S-word.
I mean, it was like the musical version of Gwen Kerry, Gwen Ross.
And how come there's nothing but that?
Good question.
Probably a pirate station, though.
No, well, that's not true at all.
No, this caller is right.
Caller is absolutely correct.
They're all kinds of records being played, including some I don't want to say it.
But in the market, that have every word that's ever been invented, but that's that's the different story.
Because nobody is complaining about that.
See, one thing people don't understand, the FCC only responds to complaints.
And there are only a certain number of professional complainers who have no life at all.
I have no life.
Who make a living out of complaining against things that they find offensive,
who's sexual repugnant, somebody's moral crusaders.
Well, they're certainly not listening to whatever he was listening to.
So you understand?
Right.
Some of you have to be very concerned.
But nevertheless, maybe they better start.
It's just like the thing with a Spanish language radio station, which now they're finally,
oh, well, we're going to start monitoring that.
And as soon as we figure out what they'll understand, what they mean.
Yeah.
Who could have ever believed that this really could happen?
Now, we can get to this point where we're at today.
Even when it first started, you know, it started at one point after the booby thing of the Super Bowl.
And then it just kept, they just kept embellishing it and embellishing it and broadening it
and finally got to the point where you can't play anything.
I mean, that kind of thing is about as innocuous as it gets.
And I'm sitting here scrambling and reaching and just like, ah, what am I doing?
You know, because I'm hit with a barrage of raspberries there.
Stuff that we've been playing on here for years, for almost 30 years.
About 30, man.
Oh, no, you can't do that anymore because that's offensive.
It's patently this, it's obscene.
And like I said before, where is John Kerry?
Where is anybody?
Anybody?
To come to the rescue of the industry.
And I will say this because I haven't talked about it yesterday or today.
And I should have probably emailed you when I was in Europe because I spotted it.
Where the hell's the homepage?
Did you talk about it all? Did you check it out?
What? What?
The, ah, we made a link.
I had Eric put a link on here. It's Jacob's broadcast.
He decided to create a place for people to go, which is probably going to be called Save Radio Now.
I thought you, uh, did you send Eric that link?
Yes.
Because I thought I did.
Well, maybe we both did.
All right.
You did?
I thought I did.
No, he didn't.
I did.
But I didn't talk about it.
Save Radio Now.org.
It's about free speech.
Good website.
What you can do, email a site to a friend, uh, contribute the, yaddy-addy-addy-addy-addy, uh,
letters to your FCC, letters to your representative, your Senator.
Certainly a lot more organized and a lot more, uh, responsible because we at least know who's behind it.
No, then I didn't talk about it because God forbid that, uh, you know, we should do anything like that.
Like, we'd call anyone to act.
I only mentioned it in passing.
Okay. I'm not going to say that we go through a big song of dance like I got sucked into that stupid business with stop FCC.com.
And I know that Scott, well, I'm sure he's not listening anymore.
But I know that Scott there in New York, Mr. Anonymous is still talking about 195,000 signatures and is about down to about 5,600 a day
because he had more signatures than we had dollars and he was, I mean, come on, cut the crap.
Cut the baloney.
This whole ego thing.
Talking about freedom of speech and we got people worried about their egos.
So my website's better than yours is my, you know, all this other crap.
My petitions are better than yours are.
Like a bunch of overgrown children.
Bob Graham.
Somebody facts, but if I fax it to you, you won't be able to read it.
Well, so can we just put that on here?
Do I need the facts?
Bob Graham. No.
I like Bob Graham a lot.
Too honest, just like Dennis Fesonitz, too honest to be taken seriously all of Bob Graham's least got better here.
Not much better, but a little bit.
Always got real hair.
Oh, and you see, Cresonitz yesterday, he's got like, they did something with his hair. He got to do.
Like, they can be dangerous now.
I'll take the sentence right now.
Turn that little bastard loose, man.
Everything he says, he doesn't pull any punches.
He doesn't equivocate. He doesn't waffle.
He's not afraid to tell it like it is.
And of course, his wife doesn't have a trance in hell.
No chance.
Bob Graham.
So let's put him on there. Dennis Cresonitz.
Why not?
You know how to spell that, Josh?
Can you handle it?
Yeah.
You sure now?
He'll Google it.
Yeah, Google this.
That?
26 past 11.
At 560 WQM, mad dog at 2.
The Humper, the Hebrew hammer at 4.
From these 7-oels in Hollywood.
Wow. Wow.
Probably the youngest guy there.
We got the Crow at 7 o'clock.
Just half-hour, that's more than enough for the Crow.
7 to 730.
It's a little more important for the baseball game tonight.
Marlon's on deck at 730, and then at 805.
The Marlon's at the Houston Astros.
80K follows the baseball game.
And then after that, it's unfortunate.
27 after 11 at QAM.
Vroom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
Vroom has got over 35 channels of HD programming that's three times more than anybody else anywhere.
Vroom has exclusive HD channels of movies, sports, music, and news not available on cable or satellite.
Vroom has your favorite cable network like MTV, ESPN, CNN, and Vroom's got your favorite local channels both in high definition and standard definition too.
Vroom's got over 100 channels of great entertainment waiting for you, and the best part of the deal is they deliver the best picture available anywhere on Earth.
You can almost stick your hand right in there and smack Rick Sanchez in the mouth.
For more details called toll-free 1-866-848-8666, or visit Vroom.com for a limited time offer.
They give you free installation, no upfront cost, no long-term commitment.
What's not to like?
So better get Vrooming this offer in May 31.
Call them today toll-free 1-866-848-8666.
My life and look all this is 420560, way through AM.
Am I Jr. honey?
This week on In Me See, the friend's episode is too hot for television.
I'm very happy we're gonna have all the sex.
That sounds interesting.
Well, I've never done that with you before.
Tell me you wanna caress my butt!
Let's stop!
One thing led to another and before you know it, we were kissing.
I can't believe I'm kissing you.
How you doing?
Oh, hey, I have so excited.
Patrick is about to happen to us.
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
And slides around five!
Friends, do hot-foot television.
Do it now!
Do it!
Do it now!
Well, now I'm hot.
Thank you for that and thank you for that.
This is great.
I'll give you a call.
We should do it again sometime.
I don't care what society says.
It's the best sex I've ever had.
11.32.28.0 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday.
Here's a friend's uncensored in this week's National Inquirer.
Behind the scene, secrets, gay sex shockers, bitterfews, lust and affairs.
Oh my god!
How do you like that?
Well, go on.
Maybe not.
All right.
Come on.
Let's see.
Here's a fast fear pull.
Oh yeah, I like him.
Charles Rangel, Democrat of New York and I ain't no brother.
This is DP.
You don't have to be a brother like Charlie Rangel.
He's got a big mouth and he's got the balls to back it up.
Charlie Rangel.
Got it?
And did I do it?
R-A-N-G-E-L.
Rangel.
Got it, Josh?
Got it.
Excellent job.
Okay.
Do we have Ted Kennedy on there?
I mean, all he did was kill that woman.
And what about Hillary Clinton?
We want to put him.
We don't want to put Bubbaar.
I don't put anybody you want on there.
I don't care.
I mean, all Bubbaar lied about was little law's sexual escapator two or three, you know?
A shocking new law suit lodged against friends, charges.
There's a hidden dark side to TV's most beloved show and a national inquiry investigation is listed to
the veil on the sitcoms never before revealed secrets.
Oh my God.
While the talented cast deserted's reputation is one of the most tight knit on TV,
it's 10 year history has been an emotional rollercoaster rather than includes moments of great compassion
and bitter hatred.
Like South Florida.
For the first time, an exhaustive inquiry or probes turned to spotlight on the programs behind the scenes drama
and uncovered gay sex scandals, intense feuding, outrageous betrayal, passionate affairs, and even surprising hatred of guest stars.
But we also discovered the genuine friendship that's given the short, tremendous warmth.
The lawsuit filed in LA by the writer's assistant, Amani Lyle, who claimed sexual harassment,
has dealt a devastating blow to the end of the hallowed sitcom,
which should have been a sentimental finale has turned into a bitter swan song,
the cast and crew are devastated by this filing confided of friends insider.
The suit which initially was filed in 2000 had been thrown out by a judge,
but the last two weeks before the show's blockbuster finale,
an appeals court reinstated portions of Amani's claim,
in which he charges certain members of the writing staff made sick,
of seeing cracks about Courtney Cox's sex life, openly fantasized about having kinky relations with Jennifer Anderson,
conjectured about the stars' private lives and graphic detail,
and even speculated if David Schwimmer was gay.
Yeah, and I don't even want to read the rest of it, just because I don't care.
I don't watch the show number one, didn't watch it.
Plus it talks about Christian Slater, which is going to make you very upset.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, during the second season, Courtney Cox was a source of ill will when she started buying it up to then-bend boyfriend Christian Slater's suggestion
that she was too good for a sitcom, who were increasingly deeval-like demands included,
crowing to any cast and crew member who would listen about how she made friends the success that it was.
Then one day, Marlow Thomas guessed during his Rachel's mom,
and sensing an all-out war was imminent,
pulled Courtney aside and talked some sense to her,
but no sooner had Marlow sued the bruised egos,
greed reared its ugly head.
The cast had agreed to film Diet Coke Ads in 96,
each per former agreed to $100,000 fee,
but in the last minute betrayal of trust, the deal was almost blown.
Schumer demanded more money according to the set source.
Tensions were running so high that Schumer almost came to blows with the other two guys.
Well, we don't want to go there.
Do we?
No, it's currently done.
I think Joey could have kicked it ass.
Who is the most honest politician in the USA?
That's our second pull question today.
129 votes.
They're a little bit, you know, stand off as on this one,
as we can well understand.
They're all crooks, 57.
Jimmy Carter, 26.
John McCain, 23.
Bobby Graham, 7.
Howard Dean's got 7.
Denny Kassin, 5.
George W. Bush's got 4.
How did you joke that is, man?
Jim Jeffords and Charlie Wrangle have the big,
but we're working on it.
Okay?
We're working on it for you.
5.670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Yes, sir, okay?
Two quick things.
First off, Penn and Teller, I was show on Showtime or wherever,
but they didn't expose it on the Bible.
You need to watch it.
It was very...
Yeah, I heard about that.
That's ancient.
Okay.
All right. It was just not enough to get away.
Just so you know, the Pentagon heads,
they were appointed by Bush mainly because they are a bunch of political bootlegers.
They're not fighting generals or that sort of thing.
They're a bunch of politicians and uniforms,
and that's why Bush...
Chicken ox.
Exactly.
That's what they were expected because they wanted it.
And so now, somebody like the former Army Chief of Staff
who had the colonies to sit there and say, you know,
we're going to need a lot more men and a lot more...
He wanted a bunch of people who were going to be a bunch of guests.
So now, we're all suffering because of that.
Hey, with your chance, Black Sea Penn Teller,
thing please do.
Okay, God bless you.
All right.
Thank you.
Bye.
Thank you.
I'll pray for you, Pali.
Thank you.
Right.
Let me say it again.
Religion is the poison that the world suffers from today
and has throughout history,
and it will always until they blow it up.
Always will.
Poison.
Hate.
Christians killing the Muslims over there in Asia right now.
No matter where you look.
They ran it big time.
And of course that road map,
we had a little bump on it again yesterday
for which we apologize.
Oh!
Of course, Ted's probably not too pleased about that.
Now, the quintet, when they get around to it,
and then the sex tab.
Ooh, I can't say that.
Line nine, WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, and you're hey, Donald Machiaff.
Pretty good.
Yes, sir.
Actually, hey, before I start my post-aggression,
I was just, I downloaded that the speech from the,
from the first few, Ted,
and they came back and gave the response
for the Democratic Party.
Like that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that got on my respect.
Right.
Paul Reichoff.
Yep.
Really, really cool.
That's my poll.
He's a, I guess you call him a quasi-paltrystine woman.
Just eventura.
Just eventura is a little bit too honest for his own good.
There you go.
All right, no, thanks, Paul.
Thanks, Paul.
I have a great day.
Just eventura is a good one.
All right.
Want to change my vote.
In fact, let's, let's get him in there.
And you nailed it too honest.
Yeah, too honest.
Don't forget when he talked about religion being like the opi
of the masses.
Oh, my God.
Communist, a communist.
It's Gravitro Marx or whoever, whichever Marx that guy was.
I had a,
a weird, zepo.
Yeah, I was, you zepo.
Now, seriously, I mean, just eventura,
he, he saw what happened.
He started telling it like it was.
A little bit too much.
The two honest.
And then they started putting him, you know,
his back up against the wall.
Even a big guy like him.
And like, oh, well, I'm getting out of this.
And I can't say that I blame him.
Because if you tell the American public truth, first of all,
they don't want to hear it.
Number two, you're going to step on too many toes.
And number three, you have to cater to your special interest.
That's where Howard Dean screwed up big time.
He wasn't usable enough to what I'm saying.
As opposed to John Kerry.
Of course, we all know he's just a shield for the, you know,
for all the special interest on the one side.
As opposed to the really grotesque special interest on the other side.
John Kerry brings us back to the day where he had the, you know,
the two parties such as they are as opposed to Howard Dean,
who offered a pleasant alternative like a breath of fresh air.
And then we all puked on him, man.
We all had Howard Dean in apology, don't you think?
Absolutely.
All in apology.
Christ.
There was the man.
Although, you know, he did run a pretty crappy campaign.
He did his own thing.
To what a horrible criteria for a person.
And the worst thing of all.
Now, the worst thing of all that was slipping out his wife.
When he brought that bitch out, I mean, good God.
You know, should have hired an actress.
That's a wife.
Man, I'm guaranteeing that some of those Iraqis over there right now
have done hyenas that look better than her.
When you think.
That's what the Berkers are all about.
Berker rhymes with a lot of things, none of which we can tell.
And now I had several runs for my mind that I thought to myself, well.
I can't say any of them.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM where we used to be able to really be very entertaining
and amusing and say some stuff.
And now we just did the best we can under very trying times.
Some of the rest of the spirit to go rusty.
And, you know, sooner or later those chickens come home to roofs.
There you go.
See what I'm saying?
You know, when a man is considering a hair replacement,
one thing he doesn't want to be his laugh that he doesn't want a mousey looking thing
crawling around on his head.
And he certainly don't want to look like somebody we all know and despise.
Absolutely.
You can always spot a bad hair system, but how many good ones go on notice?
Charles Afiery, design and supply hair systems.
The show business celebrities for more than 35 years.
He's even appeared on TV as a guest on Good Morning America.
The today show and CBS Morning News, introducing his panted hair system
that offers you guys the most amazing natural hairline system you'll find anywhere.
Now the most critical area of any hair system is that hairline.
And Charlie's new skin-like hair system looks so good.
It looks for real, 100% undetectable as a post-war mousey looking piece.
And Charlie offers you this 30-day guarantee.
Buy third man.
Buy a system for a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting like clawed at and pawed at, return it for a full refund.
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay, call Charlie today and change your life forever, call Tool Free.
1-800-3214-13 or log onto that website, CharlesAfiery.com.
He can make you look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could, call 1-800-321-2413.
Buy my and look all this is 4205-60.
You ain't can't weigh him.
From the Gulf of Maine to the Gulf of Mexico, Americans are blessed to live amid many incredible wonders of nature.
And on Earth Day I was proud to announce a new goal.
Major air pollution.
We've made tremendous progress.
From generators, tractors, and other diesel vehicles.
My administration is building on that progress by implementing smarter ways to raise sulfur from diesel fuels.
And by expediting the environmental review process, the law allows us to protect more of our nation's polluted industrial sites known as brown fields.
Our new proposals build on that progress and help us advance toward our national goal.
Major air pollution that crosses state borders.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you so much.
1145-15-15-05-60.
Let's see, John Atemi-Ami airport says, unable to get you on a phone today.
Whatever happened to the tapeless donut shop in Fort Lauderdale.
It's called Ardota.
It's plus called Ardota.
Let's shut down.
And then he says at the end, the Broward County Sheriff closed them down.
It's kind of a rhetorical question, I guess, John, okay?
Because the BS shut them down.
Because there were some more than just doughnuts, okay?
I wonder if my email was not working or something.
You ever wondered that?
Oh, the turn.
But it doesn't.
It hasn't got nothing at all today.
And Eric usually emails me.
Did this? Did 25 stories?
Done, done, done, done, done?
I don't know. I've seen nothing on there all day.
I'm starting to worry about that.
Like maybe nobody likes me no more.
Whichever we'd be cared for.
100, huh?
Who we all love you?
Raspberry.
Oh, and speaking of that.
No, I'm just wondering where I went wrong.
I wonder that.
In jail.
Receiving his class.
Basically.
I'm just trying to find out.
I'm just trying to find out.
Where, where was it at 5th that he started just getting out of control.
Spitting out the Raspberry seeds.
Well, you know, Raspberry's have like little tiny seeds that get your teeth.
They're not alike Raspberry's.
And then of course people start searching for those seeds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, audio, AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
The most honest politician in the USA.
This may be the silliest pull I ever took and I'm proud of it.
Although they don't have pull whenever big yesterday.
So don't push your luck with me.
They're all crooks.
75.
That's 42%.
They're all crooks.
Jim, what about Bill Nelson?
I see him sitting there on the committee.
No?
Yeah.
What about him?
He seems like a kind of a straight shooter.
Seems to come on there.
Good job.
Good Bill Nelson on there.
Jimmy Carter, 33.
John McCain, 28.
George W. Bush.
13.
Oh my God.
That is hysterical.
Howard Dean 10, Bobby Graham 9, Dennis Kucinich 6.
Just he's been sure he's already got full when he's moving up.
Charlie Wrangles only got one.
I love Charlie Wrangles.
And Jim Deffords has got still the big Bill Nelson on there yet.
But he will be.
He'll be on there momentarily.
Here's some good news.
President's rating hits low all time.
Says USA today.
President Bush is approval rating dropped to the lowest of his president's
policy in a poll taken after a week of revelations about abusive
Iraqi prisoners and questions about whether Rummy,
Dada Dummy, Rummy, should keep his job.
46% of Americans approve of Bush's job performance in the USA today.
CNN Gallup poll released yesterday.
That's 3% is points lower than his 49% late January early March and
again last week.
He's dipped to an all time low.
He's reached bottom so far.
Although he could still go lower.
A majority said they disapproved of his handling of Iraq and the economy.
The Bush decline however and see this is what's very disturbing like I said before.
The Bush decline did not produce new support for Massachusetts senator John Kerry,
who fell two points in last week from 49 to 47% and remained in a dead heat with
Bush who was steady at 48%.
So if the statistic is right even though it's within the margin of error,
Bush was actually a point ahead in this poll.
Ready for that?
So Bush is dropping but Kerry is dropping even more.
How is that possible?
Maybe that first poll we took maybe we should put that back up there again.
But the doughnuts?
Yeah the one about the ham and cheese.
The cro sandwiches.
That's a good poll.
We'll do that one tomorrow.
Who's got the best cro sandwiches?
I think Donuts or Burger King?
In the Senate and they probably would like that.
In the 16 states that were close in 2000 the new poll shows Bush with a five point
edge over Kerry 51 to 46% among likely voters.
How do you like that?
That's in the 16 states that were close.
In mid April Bush and Kerry were tied at 49% of those states.
Now Bush is open up a five point lead.
The states are Arkansas.
Florida.
Oh my God.
Iowa, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Washington, and Wisconsin.
Holy moly rat man.
Kerry is spending $25 million on an end campaign about his life and his record.
He's going to be a year to some extent events in Iraq have overtaken the candidates.
Othms to shape voter perceptions.
Few changes in poll numbers are expected until the conventions in the base that focus voter retention on the race.
In other words, maybe we're jumping to gun on this.
You think maybe nobody really cares yet?
I think that is possible.
I mean, I know there's a lot of morons out there.
A lot of dunderheads.
A lot of simpletons.
A lot of stupid, stupid, stupid, idiotic jerks.
But is it possible to be that removed from the real world?
Yes.
God.
Kerry Polster, Mark Melman, said the new poll show is Kerry gaining ground among registered voters, a bigger group than likely voters.
Kerry went from 47 to 50 percent in a week in that group.
Bush went from 47 to 44.
Melman said that suggested Kerry's ad campaign and events in a record taking a tool on Bush.
He also said the only president this far behind at this point in election year was Gerald Ford, who of course in 1976 lost in Jimmy Carter.
How you like that?
Yeah.
And the worst part of that whole deal is that was right on the heels of Watergate.
Right.
And on the heels of all of these horrendous things that took place.
And Carter just barely won in a very close election.
Gerald Ford, who could have been the dumbest president of all time even until we got this one.
And Carter just barely beat him.
After Nixon was forced to resign, after a vice president that nobody voted for who was put in there after Rockefeller and Greed died, Gerald, excuse me for my stupidity and I can't walk in Chugam at the same time, Ford.
And he almost damn near one end.
Maybe because his kid was on that soap opera, you think?
Could have been.
He's big in a Watergate.
Yes.
Even though the little kid I remember what a hue and cry there was, what a big scandal it was over a break in and some tape or something like that.
And just like John Dean says in his book, which I finished several days ago, this is worse than Watergate.
And he's absolutely correct.
The only difference being that even though these hearings are being televised right now as we speak and were televised on Friday for hours and hours and hours, everybody's more concerned about whether the heater going to win another damn basketball game.
That's the kind of mentality you got with America right now.
And by the way, what happened in the lightning last night? That was pathetic.
John Zubb, you know, Carter made mention this yesterday.
I hadn't seen it, but it's on our website now.
The election is carries to lose rights.
John Zubb, who tends to be to the left of center to say the least.
John Zubb says, I made a career of taking bungee jumps in my election call.
Sometimes I haven't had on a helmet, gotten a little scratch, but here's my jump for 2004.
He says, John Kerry will win the election.
Oh, right.
What he says.
I can say it too, but then I can make it happen.
It's like saying Bill McBride's going to be Jeff Bush.
I still for the life of me.
I just please tell me that I just dreamed it.
No.
That Jeff Bush got reelected.
No.
It says, have you recovered from the shock?
Is this guy nuts?
Curious performance of late has hardly been inspiring.
And Paul showed that most Americans have no sense of where he really stands on the key issues that matter most of them.
Regardless, I still think that it will.
And says, John Zubb, if he does, it will be because he blew it.
There are four major reasons for my assertion.
First, my most recent poll April 12 to 15 shows bad reelection numbers for an incumbent.
Kerry is leading 4744 in a two-way race.
And the candidates are tied at 45% in a three-way race with Nader.
Significant, the only 44% feel the country's head in the right direction.
And 43% believe that President Bush deserves to be reelected compared with 51% of state time for somebody new.
Anybody please throw us a lifeline.
Where's Regis when we need him?
And at same pool, Kerry leads by 17 points in the blue states devoted for Al Gore in 2000,
while Bush leads only by 10 points in the red states 31-4 years ago.
Secondly, there are very few undecided voters for this early in the campaign.
Historically, the majority of undecideds break to the challenge of against an incumbent.
The reasons are not hard to understand.
Voters have probably made a judgment about the better known incumbent looking for an alternative.
Third, the economy is still a top issue for the voters.
How many cited?
About 30% said the economy.
While the war in Iraq had been noticed by 11% as a top issue in March,
it jumped to 20% in our April poll as result of bad war news, dominating the news agenda.
The third issue with the war on terrorism, among those who cited the economy,
Kerry leads Bush 54-35%, among those citing the war in Iraq, Kerry leads 57-36%.
This, of course, is balanced by the 64-30% margin.
But the president holds over Kerry in fighting the war on terrorism,
which again shows how stupid the public is because all these billions of dollars were spending
and the Iraq attack not only wasn't fighting the war on terrorism,
but we've let the Taliban resurface, we've let Al-Qaeda get back together again stronger than ever,
and ally with all kinds of people who hated them like poisoned up till the Iraq attack, all of these things.
And we've also created all kinds of terrorism within Iraq that didn't exist there before, but nevertheless.
And arguably it says there's greater and growing intensity on the part of those who oppose the mod of defeat Bush.
Boy, you sure are right about that.
I'm going to vote 60-70 times easy.
Even George is going to vote about the times these illegal aliens.
All my dead relatives are going to vote.
The president's problem is further compounded by the fact that he is now at the mercy of situations
that are out of his control while the economy is improving.
Voters hysterically do not look at indicators that measure trillions and billions of...
He goes on and on.
He says, finally, if history is any guide, Senator Kerry is a good closer.
Something happens to him in the closing weeks of campaigns that is obviously not happening now.
We've clearly seen that pattern in his 96 victory over Governor Bill Weld for the Senate of Massachusetts,
and more recently in the 2004 Democratic primaries, all through 2003 Kerry's campaign lack the focused message.
He tends to be a nuanced candidate, thoughtful, briefed and too willing to discuss a range of possible positions on every issue.
It's often hard to determine where he actually stands in a presidential campaign if a candidate can't spell it out on a bumper sticker,
he'll have trouble grabbing the attention of the voters by early 2004,
as Democratic voters in Iowa and elsewhere concluded the president Bush could be defeated,
they found Governor Dean's message to be too hot.
And began to give Kerry another look. It was too hot.
Too honest.
Kerry came on strong with the simplest messages.
I'm a veteran. I have the experience I can win, and I am alive.
Don't may not look like it, but I'm alive.
Says here, we're unlikely to see any big bumps for either candidate because opinions so polarized,
I believe frozen in place.
There are still six months to go anything can happen.
But as of today, says John Zogby, this race is John Kerry's to lose.
And I think he is...
I'm still holding the correct shirt.
But at this point...
He can do it.
He's the...
Four minutes still new and at 5.60 WQM,
spring of the savings right now and save a ton on a new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
You'll find them on US1, 20 minutes south of the A36.
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead's worth a drive from anywhere in South Florida because they're going to save you so much cash,
thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great lease deals waiting for you right now as I speak.
An O4 camera, you're 499 a month for 48 months.
An O4 Highlander, just 309 a month.
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the US of A?
Just 179 a month for 48 months.
And these are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
General manager David Rich and the staff will stand on their head.
They'll do just about anything to put you in a new Toyota today.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference.
They're locally owned and operated, committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
They're service department, you know, if they're even open late to late, we'd nice to make sure they get all your work done for you.
Easy to find them.
They're right at the corner of US1 and 290th Street in Homestead.
Just 20-cylinder minutes south of the A36.
And they offer you a deal like you never heard of before at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
Free tires, batteries, and replacement parts for life.
That's right, tires, batteries, and free parts for life of your vehicle.
Nobody else know where it does that.
So at almost your time it does dig mega dealers and phony car giants who give you the big song and a dance.
Call our good friend David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestead for an unbeatable deal for real.
Call 305-242-247.
305-242-3247.
Drive a little and save thousands on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
Find a local, this is five cities.
Raise all your money.
Pewin!
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
Why from New York?
It's the most controversial reality show of all time.
From the sixth twisted mind of Varmer Waters.
It's the Rive Baby.
Five of those hopes and dreams from a line.
Has they battle it all to win this brand new baby.
No, here's your host Varmer Waters.
Hello and welcome to Be My Baby.
Can I get a what?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Tonight one couple gets immunity while the West have a good tribal council.
What couple will have to eat a plate of Rocky Mountain noises the fastest, you know, mobiles.
I might say that.
Can I get a what?
What?
What?
What have a thinking competition where you the American public gets a vote or Texas who you think should be thrown off the show?
Dial 100, idiotic.
Can I get a what?
And finally, I will be given the final husband of woes since I myself have never been given a woes and will die a crazy old cat woman.
Can I get a what?
What?
And the imjury millerable Tomoa Iowa.
I hope we win the baby.
I think Andy got out of prison even talking about adopting since we can't make the law because every time I try to touch him he screams in the end.
Ernie, this is perfect for us.
Rick and Connie Schwartz of Bayo, New Jersey.
We've already got it, kids.
What the hell's one more?
I'm drunk most days and I spend the weekends at my girlfriend's house.
Be my baby.
Just what I made people quiet my Hollywood specials.
Wait till you see this mess.
I want to play with people's emotions.
It won't be my baby.
Out America's fourth ranked network, ABCs.
promo three as your favorite.
What?
Yeah.
She'd be the best.
I hate her hard.
258 votes on a poll so far.
Who is the most honest politician in the U.S.?
Hey, they're all crooks, 101, 39.1% should be much harder than that.
When you go to wake up and sniff their butt.
Sniff their what what?
To me Carter 49, John McCain 34, just event 2 at 21, moving up fast.
George W has got 15.
That is pathetic.
Bob Graham 15, Howard Deans got a dozen.
We're starting like Howard Lopper.
He's starting to look really good again now.
Let's give him a fresh look.
The fresh wife.
Dennis, consented 7.
Charlie Rangles got 3.
Jim Jeffords Friday got 1.
Probably got a call to his name in.
Nobody knows who he is.
Bill Nelson's got none.
He's got the big Bill Nelson.
Our other junior senator from the state of Florida.
Don't have any?
I mean, he's a very boring guy.
Where are the people who are like dynamic, who are like personality?
You don't understand?
Man, that's right.
How to business, that's what they are.
Somebody was some ball.
Somebody was some pizzazz.
Somebody like even that's why I'll sharp it looks so good during the primaries.
Glyb.
He was Glyb.
He was wise ass.
He knew we didn't have a chance in hell.
So we didn't care what the least said or who we offended.
And he was, had a great sense of humor.
He's a funny guy.
I mean, dangerous, of course, but nevertheless, he was funny.
He was entertaining.
He didn't die to any of the questions.
He was right on top of it.
He let him have it.
But the rest of these guys, my god, they looked like the walking dead.
Take a look at that committee.
John Warner looks like he belongs in Madame Tussauds Wax Museum.
Robert Bird looks like they threw his damn mummy out ten years ago.
God, Bobby Bird, a dead man in a suit.
Who else is on that committee?
I don't know.
John McKinley with older people.
Oh, there's Lindsey Graham.
He looks just like Bob Neill and drag, don't he?
Never see him in a little Bob Neill from Cox Broadcasting.
You ever seen for a look at him?
I would have had to ride the screen.
He was tongue hanging out.
It looked like he was biting his thumb.
Lindsey Graham.
He's just, oh, there's going to be a lot worse pictures.
There's a lot worse to him.
It's rape and murder and all the scab.
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy.
Is what he said the other day.
Lindsey Graham.
What a bunch.
And then, of course, these guys look fantastic compared to the guys from the house
that were there on Friday.
That panel, including that one from Illinois,
that nobody knows what his name is.
Jim something.
Was his name Bishop or something?
I don't know.
Oh, my goodness, we're there.
Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Even Rumsfeld.
I would have applauded Rumsfeld if he would have got up there and smack him in the head
and said, speak up.
I can't understand you, you moron.
I would have, I would have given him high marks for that.
One piece of good news now.
Oh, good.
Independent, there's not much.
Independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader had to sue Texas' top election official yesterday
to try to get out of the state's ballot, claiming that a petition signature requirement is unconstitutional.
His lawsuit was filed in federal court in Austin, only a couple months before the county clerk's office closed for the day.
Nader's campaign submitted an application for the Texas Secretary's State's office for a place on a general election ballot
but said it would not turn in to more than 50,000 voter signatures.
It had collected because they had a collectively 64,076 by 5 p.m. yesterday.
They didn't do it.
They didn't make it.
And guess what else the real good piece of good news is?
Nader, you know how many states he's qualified in so far to be on the ballot?
Oh, I know.
Oh!
The big none.
Oh!
Not one, not two.
Oh!
Not three.
Oh, not half a dozen.
None, so far.
He got on the ballot in 43 states and this took coming in 2000 after filing eight lawsuits to change ballot access rules.
And of course those rules have already been changed.
But this year, so far, he's got the big winners a long way to go.
Ralph Nader, an ego waiting to explode.
5,670560,
Pound 560 or here's some more good news.
A prominent pro-choice politician is quitting the Catholic Church after being told he would be denied commune and it was reported yesterday.
This is from the New York Daily News.
New Jersey Senate Majority Leader Bernard Kenney from Hoboken.
A former alter-boy told the Philadelphia Inquiries, leaving the church after 57 stinking years.
I will look for other options to express my faith and probably do another Christian church he said.
If every faith starts trying to impose their rules on elected officials, Kenney said democracy's going to be factionalized along religious lines.
Kenney told the paper, decided to leave after meeting with his pastor, my senior Frank Del Prithi of a St. Peter and Paul church in Hoboken.
Kenney said he asked if as a politician, support abortion rights and stem cell research, he'd be denied commune and Del Prithi told him he would be permitted commune in one more time, but then he would tell me not to come again.
Just this one time, Lane Bernard Weber's name is, Del Prithi yesterday confirmed the meeting but city was not at liberty to discuss it.
New work art, Bishop John Myers wrote this month that it was objectively the sons for Catholics who publicly dissent with the church's pro-life teachings to receive commune and no one has the absolute right to the Eucharist.
The statement led New Jersey Governor Jim McGrady to say he would take commune in that lead, he would not take at least in public.
Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry who's also pro-choice and Catholic received commune yesterday, a mother's day, mass and suburban Pittsburgh, a task force of US bishops is considered a commune and guidelines for Catholics who publicly advocate abortion rights and other positions, fundamentally it odds with any antithol church and the fumbly bubbly of the antithol Pope.
Pope, by the way I gave the Italian salute when I was over there in Rome. Yeah, what's that look like? Said how's it going, pops?
567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines were searching for an Allah. What about the Hillary Clinton?
What about her? You don't think she belongs on here that she'd get some votes? No. Well, I mean she'll get some votes, but I don't believe she belongs on there. Why not? I don't know. She doesn't impress me.
That adequate information from Mr. Campbell in the defense department. How do you like that? I just my psychic powers again. I said her name. I didn't even pay any attention and I look at her on a screen. Chain of command and there's Hillary. There's that bitch Hillary, man. The ice print says that bull. I mean at the first lady.
Three.
Two. One.
567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQM. Hello. I like you. We'd like you to in a box. WQM. Hello. You want to change the thing? WQM. Hello.
Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted the man's not like I'm entitled. No boy. Okay. That's all we're down to. We got the whispering guy Reverend Jones and crazy Ron. That's what we got left. Okay. So I'm just going to I'm just going to press on. Okay.
I'm going to do my stuff. Press on some nails. Yeah. Because these people are got nothing. Zipity do that. Maybe they're all over there with rush. Now. Okay. Maybe they made them move to rush so they get the real truth. Okay. Or they're watching the hearings. They're watching the hearings. My ass. Are you crazy?
Or is it instructed to do as a completely new procedure? I'm not sure that those MPs had ever been confronted with any instructions like this before.
General to do but can you explain for us the disparity between holding this brigade commander completely accountable and the comments that I just read to you in light of the fact that certainly the minute that 250.
I say let's get Hillary on there right away. Okay. She's telling like it is. Put Hillary on there. She's a good guy. WQA. I'm hello. QA. I'm hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. What's up? How are you doing? Okay. What about Joe Gerson and Nick DeVarro? Yeah, that's two good ones. WQM. Hello. QA. I'm hello. WQM. Oh, huh? Yeah. I'm right.
What do you got pal besides hemorrhoids? Hemorrhoids. WQM. Hello. I'm tired of this political crap. Let's start the football season. Go get it. Oh, all right. And I finally did a little crossover there to the rest of the station. The sports crowd is coming in. That's good sign. Don't tell Jim Sarni about it though. 5 6 7 0 5 16. You see what I did? I really I've got them be funneled up because they don't want to do it. This is good. I'm glad I did this. Yeah.
They don't know whether to scream or chew out a banana because it's a pool with like in other words, I said yesterday I was going to give many more building pool. You know what I would have one name thing. Yeah, but then I turned it around. The only difference being I give them a pool that they got no names to put on there. That'll teach you. Okay. That'll teach you to be on better behavior folks. You think there be on better behavior? No. WQM. Hello. Hey, I want to. Yeah, I want to comment on your Iraqi situation. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Yeah.
I think that it's just little skin and a taste like salt for a second. Yeah, okay. Good. WQM. Hello. Hey, what's up? Yes, sir? How about David Duke for your poll? Yeah, I bought it. WQM. Hello.
Yeah. Are you sir? Okay, sir. I want you to know I've been literally trying to call you for days. Yeah. And my brain's like for two minutes and nobody answers.
Because we do screenless. Don't you notice I just picked up the phone. We do screenless. I know. I know, but I'm a living and breathing person and I'm not a chronic. I'm not somebody that's going to crank call you. I have a good conversation with you. And I never get through to you. So they want to wait. Let's start the conversation. All the other time. Sorry. I'm going to do the break.
From 13 at 560, who now has to be now can our fine prestigious callers, you know, what kind of crap is that? No, I had a feeling that that was going to go somewhere. Oh, I see. It did in the opposition. Good.
Is your company suffering from regulation that increased labor cost? If so, let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management or just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover.
Tell your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing. They for a free evaluation at 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 2 866 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands that many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful man to be choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the details to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you want a free evaluation column at this tool free number. 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 2 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Oh!
Let's abuse some more prisoners make them scream nice loud.
Oh right.
Get me some wires and a battery pack. I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used. Use you to the torture pack.
I was just playing their game in the past. It had to be worse with the dumb who say that's not I'm the use sweetheart.
12 18 at 560 WQM. We're looking at tomorrow's schedule. What the hell is this all about? I know what it is.
What? It says TBD as opposed to TBA. What kind of stupid thing is that? To be determined at the Miami Heat and the triple A arena tomorrow. It hangs slot.
That's because tomorrow's Wednesday and Hopper is going to be traveling to Baltimore. I'm sure tomorrow on his way to the pre-knus.
Once you've said it about that. Oh yeah, thrilled. Smarty allocans, Marty Jones. Because Dave Johnson will be calling on Friday. I think this is the year.
This is just exactly what through the racing's been looking for is a just a I mean make that the sea biscuit thing look like a child's play.
A heart-wraending story. Isn't that what America needs? It's a great horse. Okay. Hey, it'll be Kim Bo camper tomorrow.
Don't get now. Don't get so animated about it. Okay. If I were you, I wouldn't be so happy about it. I mean, I like Kim. He's a good guy.
But he is terminal on the air. Kim Bo camper for the Humper tomorrow. The triple A Miami Heat arena. And of course the heat.
What a game last night over Indianapolis, which was a really shocker. What are they want 17 in a row at home now the heat? Yeah.
Let's do some sports. What do you say? I know.
Get that George really all whipped up into a frenzy, huh? Oh yeah.
I'm off the air. Kick the Tampa Bay's damn that. Tampa and lost a game in a month, 62 last night. Flyers. It's okay. No, that didn't fool you.
Brimmer, new minister claims Iraq's first human rights minister launched a blistering attack yesterday on America's chief administrator in Iraq, Paul Brimmer, saying that he had warned him repeatedly last year that US soldiers were abusing Iraqi detainees.
And then exclusive and who were the guardian another one of them Britain newspapers, Abdel Basat Turkey, who resigned a month ago, said he informed Mr. Brimmer last November and again in December of the rampant abuse in US military prisons.
Let me say it again last November and again in December. He listened very well, but that was all he did the edit.
Dr. Turkey also claimed that he received information of abuses committed against prisoners just this week, but refused to give details.
In other words, they're talking about it, but they're still doing it.
Following allegations of abuse he said he announced for permission to visit Abu Ghraib prison last November.
The month of photos were taken in US guards abusing naked Iraqi inmates.
But Mr. Brimmer refuses request in December a month before the US military set up its own secret inquiry into Abu Ghraib.
He telephoned Mr. Brimmer to complain about the treatment of female detainees.
They've been denied medical treatment. They had no proper toilet. They'd only been given one blanket, even though it was winter, he said.
Dr. Turkey's claims he'd been birishman on the US-led coalition in the Pentagon and suggested both had been aware of the widespread abuse much earlier than previously admitted.
Is there any question?
Dan Senior, a programmer, spoke to him in the garden. Mr. Brimmer only found out about the emulation of prisoners in January.
Lier? Yesterday, Dr. Turkey said that in March, he and other US-appointed ministers had demanded investigation after a US soldier raped a woman prisoner, documented by Major General Antonio Taguba.
It is reported on Abu Ghraib, which he's testified about right now.
We were told this matter will be dealt with in secret and with only Americans attending. He said, and then those damn pictures got out. Dang it!
Gosh darn it!
Etc.
Members of the CC, you members of the CPA staff?
Yeah, we got your CP over here, okay. Did he say PP? I don't think you can say that.
Maniac.
And this guy is a shield for the Defense Department, and he's talking about PP.
Now what are they doing at Prover's stuff over there? Lunatic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get back to donuts.
What? What are you laughing about? That went over a lot bigger than this.
See, this to me, which, see, I've just been to Europe for a week. I had a good time.
Copenhagen, Rome, Amsterdam.
But had plenty of time to be watching what was going on in the world, to be engrossed in all of this rotest stuff.
And I come back here assuming, once again, that the American public is like whipped up into a frenzy about this,
pissed off and fired up, disgusted and nauseated, that looked like a bunch of ashes to the entire universe, like a bunch of barbarians,
even worse than what we're supposedly fighting against. And it's like, who do we look like that?
When's the football season start? How about those heat?
What about smarty-ass Jones, etc.? Same old, same old, and these, the dog and pony show goes out with these hearings here,
and Lindsey Graham was on there before making his song and a dance about it.
Is that what we're trying to do? You know, to suck it up to this Taguba guy, you know?
I can't even probably pronounce his name.
Do we want to emulate the alkyra? Do we want to emulate Saddam Hussein?
Taguba, he's goody-touchy, he's stupid-ass speeches.
It's another dog and pony show, that's all.
And they have to do this because they got caught with egg on their post. That's what this is all about.
Yeah, egg. If they'd have kept it, if there weren't any pictures, they'd have kept this all behind closed doors.
You'd better believe it.
That there wouldn't be any information just the, well, there's been some, you know, some abuse and some of people carrying away overboard. That's all you'd get.
Fratster. Right, just a non-even ad.
I guess they must pop a lot of pills in those fraternities too. Right rush, you lying, pill-popping, sack-a-right-wing crap.
Who is the most honest politician in the USA where I ask today on our second poll, 249 votes, they're not too excited about this.
They're all crooks, 129.
Jimmy Carter, 65. John McCain, 43. Jesse Venn, 234. George W. Bush.
Thirty, what does he got? 26. An embarrassment.
Seven percent of this audience thinks that George W. Bush is the most honest politician in America.
And if that's the case, God help America.
Bob Graham, 20. Howard Dean, a dozen. Dennis Gussin, 11. Charlie Rangles, 6. Jim Jeffords, 2. Bill Nelson, 1.
And Hillary out of 355 votes, she's got the big-
Oh! That's what Bubbers said, most of them with women though.
That's what he said, don't you remember that article? I read that day he said she's had a lot more women than he ever had.
And I believe it. Probably women with that eyesight.
And by the way, Blind Micah, be looking for him, Betavia.
I'm writing a card this weekend, I'm driving on down. He'll be looking for you too?
Yeah. Maybe we'll run into each other.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Neil? Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think Ronald Ration was an honest politician.
I'm writing a card this weekend, driving on down.
WQA, hello. Hello.
Neil. Yes.
Oh, Neil, we're going to miss you when you're gone, man.
When you're concerned about, we're going to miss you so much.
People don't realize how good you are for this.
Yeah, yeah. All right, no kissing ass. All right.
First thing to do.
When you say kissing, what? Did you say, ads?
Oh, my God.
Go ahead.
Neil, OK, first thing first.
My best friend is a real right wing.
Yeah.
What's the best book I can use that you recommend?
The best book right now.
I just got to attorney yesterday.
Won't you listen yesterday?
Religiously right to your radio?
Sometimes I'm doing deliveries, but I really can't.
No, no, no, no. You better get your Sony Walkman, Mr. E.
You might miss an important stuff, but I doubt it.
Spinning on the axis of evil by Scott Taylor.
It's a paperback. Maybe you can read it to him.
OK, that's on the website.
I've seen spinning on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq.
It is, it tells you the whole story.
No punches, pull, no BS right from the beginning.
All the depleted uranium, the birth defects, the soldiers, all of the stuff.
The history of Iraq, the poison gas, all of these things.
It's great.
You know what I hate? Like sometimes everybody's gone over that.
That's all, that's all, you know, the Democrats trying to, you know,
trying to talk, you know, this guy isn't a Democrat.
He's not even an American. He's a Canadian journalist.
It's a great book, pal. I'm telling you. This is the way you want.
Perfect, perfect. Another thing.
What would you do? Let's say Kerry gets elected, I mean, hopefully.
If you were in his shoes, how would you get out of this,
out of this situation on a hangout?
Thanks, Neil.
OK, have a great day, pal.
If I was in his shoes, the months to man shoes, I do like months to cheese, though.
Huh? Big shoes.
I would say, guess what?
We won, put in our international whoever it's going to be.
You end up peacekeepers.
The peace, bless it.
Other peacemakers for they are whatever.
Remember Eli Wallet?
And that's it. Bring everybody home. No more deaths.
That's right.
We don't have any business being there in the first place.
Sometimes you have to admit your mistake.
OK, we screwed up. We put, supposedly June 30th.
Here's the handover. Just like they do with the volcano wedding, you know?
Right.
That's right. They throw it out there and whoever catches it, they got it.
And the same thing.
Here's the keys to the kingdom.
Throw it up in the air and whoever catches it.
Hey, have a good time.
We're getting out of here.
And hall-ass.
This bullcrap about, oh, we're bringing democracy to everyone.
When the hell did that ever come? Where did that come from?
Where did it come from?
We're creating democracy in poor, we're force feeding democracy.
That was never the excuse that was given.
This was supposedly about protecting Americans and about fighting terrorism.
All of these things, weapons of mass destruction, of mass destruction.
And all of a sudden they got the stupid American public brainwashed and they were for over.
We're force feeding democracy.
We're spreading it around the world.
We're freeing people, oppressed people, freed them by emancipation, by decapitation.
Man, 16,000 that Iraqis, and that's probably a lowball estimate.
What you won't hear about in the US because we don't count them.
It's too embarrassing.
Well, they shouldn't have attacked us.
That's right.
They shouldn't have flown in planes in a World Trade Center and a Pentagon.
Oh, wasn't them? Well, don't confuse us with that crap, okay?
They looked like them.
Brought the gun, the nose, the breath.
That's right, they had them schmathas on.
Just remember what I told you boys and girls.
The whole world, all these conflicts, they're about headgear.
Just do like the beast.
Just shave your head nice and clean. That's the way to be safe.
Okay, just shave it clean.
28, now back in the day, I could have said some more about that.
But I want 28 past 9, if you have any.
If you've been here, me talk about fast-trained for a while and thinking maybe this sounds like it might be something for me.
It might be.
The fact is simple.
If you have the dedication, fast-trained can provide you with the necessary training and help you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Think about it in just four short months.
Uno, dos, cuato, trace, whatever that other one is, you can be on your way.
Fast-trained's got day, night and weekend classes, financial assistance for those who qualify too.
Once you complete your classes, fast-trained can even help you out and obtaining that new computer job.
So it's that simple.
If your life is like on a treadmill, if you're going nowhere, if your paycheck is an embarrassment, just make that call today once and for all and change your life.
Call 1-866 fast-trained, even to call a sprain.
Fast-trained's got seven floater locations, including Pembroke Pines, four-lotterdale, Candle and Mimey.
So this is about to be a campus nearby you.
Check them on the web fast-rain.com and make that call.
I can bring you a real career, some real training and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Call today 1-866 fast-trained.
Fast-trained's got day, night and weekend classes, financial assistance for those who qualify too.
Q-A-M
It's day, all divided by any town.
That's the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
I'm going to have a look at the moon.
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
from the frowne
is asking some questions. Who is this man kidding okay? They loved it. Wow I think they must have
had his to fill in too tight. Who is the most honest politician in the USA? Three every night he
votes from the bottom up Bill Nelson won. Only one per poor honest bill. I bet you if he went out on
the street corner right now. I've zero in 441. He is. In US 100 people who is Bill Nelson they look
at you go like that. Or maybe they do the Greg Redill. Who is Bill Nelson? Anyway he's got one.
Hillary Clinton she's got two. That's because the women are the ones who like her. We don't have any
women listening. That's okay. We don't get paid for women listening to his anyhow. So what are we
here? Right? See I have adopted a whole new attitude about many things. Why am I going to sit
around and bitch about the fact we have no women callers and women listening. Well we don't make
any money off of that. Don't talk to them just talk to them. Jim Jeffords too. Charlie Rangles
six. Howard Dean 13. Dennis Kusentz 14. Bobby Graham 22. We like Bobby a lot.
George W Bush 29. That is blasphemy man. That is outrageous. That is effing outrageous.
That there are still we got 29 people in the Saudi and 7% of our stupid enough and stubborn enough
to believe in the ranting about mad man. Jess even Tura 44 he's moved up nicely. John McCain 46.
Jimmy Carter 75. In fact Jess is in third place of the named people. But of course number one
and the correct answer they're all crooks 145 36.2%. Much of crooks. You're like this story. Well
I'll get to it a minute after these important calls like the one on line nine WQAM.
I told you WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Good. Listen I think it was yesterday
just that some guy called up with a spy report about on Rush Limbaugh show about how he's blaming the
prisoner torture thing on the don't ask don't tell. Right. Well sure enough on I was listening to
Glenn Beck this morning. Oh why? I know I know I'm just I'm a talk junkie come on. Oh give me a
little bit of the video. The call is you're listening to and he said yeah I think it is this don't
ask don't tell and Glenn Beck called the guy at crack potty says that's outrageous that you would
make such a ludicrous claim. Yeah. You know the guy was just did what he heard on Rush's show anyway.
Did you know yeah. Also too. Did you happen to see this? There was a letter there was an editorial
in this newspaper from Wisconsin where they're asking the readers to send more pro Bush letters
because they get too many anti-bush letters. Yeah. Did you see that at all? No because I don't live in
Wisconsin. Well I was on the internet with Float and Ron I just thought you know because it's not a
tutorial and they say that we don't get enough we get too many letters critical of Bush and we
need more letters saying that you know the newspaper was saying this in that editorial. Yes.
Well what kind of crap is that? It's from the post crescent in Wisconsin and here's one
pair. Well we're wearing Wisconsin now and I'm not in Milwaukee or maybe more walking out in green
bay now then we're in a Apple pin. Manassia was constantly. Oh Nina Manassia. Yeah.
But she Yahoo is there man. It says here real quick it says we've been getting more letters critical
of President Bush than those supporting him. See Madison is where all the liberals are in Wisconsin.
The rest of them are a bunch of Nazis. Yeah well I guess yeah. Yeah but yeah. Have they
feared guys one Nazis in Milwaukee? I know. All right. Thanks a lot pal. All right nearby.
Never great thing. Even that sausage man that resigned. They did five minutes. This goes to
show you what CNN is all about the cable now a Nazi network with George came up with a yesterday.
Very good. Joy cable Nazi network spent five minutes yesterday. Tell us about the sausage.
The mascot for the Milwaukee Brewer is retired. Yeah. That a five minute piece.
Meanwhile the world is crumbling down and you wonder why the American public is like
like that and his last guy means well but he's a talk show junkie listening to Glenn Dreck
on W I O D that is that is unbelievable. And I have a search party for this guy's radio W I O D. Oh I
hate that. Yeah. All my T news all day. Another one. Five six seven. I'm I can
little worked up now. Good. That's hot dog. Does it for me every time. Perks are right out.
Am I the only one that eats coal weenies? Not the only one. Huh? No. You don't? I used to.
Nice snack once in a while. I'm with you all a little sausage. Nothing. What about Josh?
You ever have a cold. No. Yeah. Maybe if that was said maybe if that was stated there long enough.
Five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See I'm
I'm so proud of all of us that we just we dance right along that little line there you know we
just dance right along it as opposed to that in temperate business we had before with that
rhinestone cowboy bit man you won't be hearing that again. God. I was just banging everything inside
here while I can't say that. Tell me the QA and hello. Hey wait a while. Wait a minute. There you go.
That was it. What was that? A shot. I didn't hear what she say. He putting on a voice that word
to white women at. Oh I see. WDQ amp hello. Yes sir. I'm amazed that you brought up those
options. That was F. WDQ amp hello. Good morning Gio. Good afternoon. Do you sir? I'd like to
offer my control. Oh sorry temperate break. That's real relax. When you just come down I'm in full
control here man. I mean full command of my faculty. Well you got the weenie in one hand so I don't know.
Yeah and my pen and the other one I'm writing a figure out numbers.
Cypress. 20 to 1 at 5 60 WQ amp we got the oh and you see this?
The glass got her like an explosion near this. Oh it's kind of stuff going on over the world but the
the sausage mascot we tired so that's the important story. Let's have a 30 minute piece on the
cable Nazi news network about that. You got Fox Nazi news. You got cable Nazi news about the
only ones left at all with any balls of CBS. I think it's kind of like a backlash against the
Janet Jackson thing in a Ronnie Reagan miniseries thing. CBS is finally striking back.
And via comics the Stern business they're all striking back baby.
Let me tell you right now about the financial group. You know you've heard me talk about these
folks in their incredible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one and a quarter percent
rate for the purchase or refinancing of your home. One and a quarter percent it is unbelievable.
That means if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just three hundred
or thirty four a month. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just
six sixty eight a month. What's not to like? Now they're advertising on TV they're all over the
radio including here. This program's got everybody talking. The only one mortgage makes it possible
and only the financial group makes it available. Refinance your current home, get money for
renovations, move to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again. You pay zero closing
costs, zero quidipural fees, zero application fee, zero discounted points, zero everything.
Kind of like blendbacks rating zero. This is for real just call financial group one eight six six
three nine five lend to find out more. That's one eight six six three nine five LED the only one
mortgage. It's the only mortgage you'll ever need. The Renekville Housing Liner creditors
can supply 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly.
Fly in local your sports radio five sixty zero eight zero eight.
Seco Domayo Celebration is the all new mayonnaise from Mexico.
Seco Dimeo. Give your sandwiches south of the border later.
Outstores your condiments with Seco Dimeo. For half the price.
Add with Seco Dimeo, there's absolutely no help benefits. So spread a little
Seco Dimeo on your sandwich and watch it pick it's own lettuce.
Seco Dimeo the mayonnaise that comes with it's own knife. You'll find it at Walmart and
people pay less than American man a
single to mail from
Nathapoe
no
try to wait as other two to three hundred photographs are going to come
out
you see that two hundred and three hundred more photos
what's the video coming out so for those people that have been really highly
entertaining and use violence stuff you ain't see nothing yet baby got some
really good crap coming now speaking of crap let me tell you about Florida
alright
okay
red neckie Yahoo mug one state
their foot
only the rest of the state can make soft Florida look good
and boy we look we come out smell like a rose like Joe Rose and by the way
somebody I know said your roast smells pretty good absolutely
and try to stick his nose in there for days now especially because he's
trying to grab out of his coat tails after Joe had the big numbers in there for me to
10 a.m.
five three share in each hour
and somebody that did like what do you get like a three something three two
all three two oh my god
holy moly
and you know what he's gonna blame don't you
oh I know the fact you're going mark no no Joe right no lead in no lead in anymore
he's got that awful sporting news radio's a lead if we could just bring Joe
Castello back as Mark don't want to come back we just bring good old Joe back
doing some more of those overnight part of graphic shows when nobody's
listening then we'll get a himself a lead in and maybe have a number in there
you think no no no he sucks anyway zeppery host Florida this is just so
typical man this story epitomizes everything that's wrong with the United
States and specifically with the Florida and the west coast and most of the
state
Zeppery Hills you know where that is of course yeah
the city council of the central Florida town tried to settle a bitter month
long dispute by voting yesterday to change Martin Luther King Avenue back to
its original name of sixth avenue while keeping up street signs with both
names kind like high a Leah
the four to one decision followed almost two hours of pubic testimony over an issue
that her neighbor against neighbor and exposed racial tensions in this town
of eleven thousand funded by union veterans of the civil war
in my opinion it's just pure evil that has come to the citizens of this town
Donna Church a white resident told the city council as he tried not as she tried not to choke up
I know people have known each other twenty years who won't speak to each other no more
Sally Stewart a white resident who's married to a black man
oh my god said the debate that erupted over renaming sixth avenue last
October to honor the slain civil rights leader had exposed the state of race relations
in Zeppery Hills about twenty five miles northeast of Tampa
the sewer of the universe Tampa the armpit the anus of the planet Tampa
Stewart said thank God the cover has been pulled off Zeppery Hills
some opponents said they didn't want to change their addresses and weren't consulted
others said renaming a street after King could hurt the town's economy
and streets named after him elsewhere frequently run through poor neighborhoods
like in Tampa and Fort Lauderdale right right
supporters of keeping the street named after King rounded outside city
I'll be for the meeting holding signs that said no justice no peace in Zeppery Hills
and singing we shall overcome mother how's that go we show I don't know how to
open me I'll go find somebody how's that go Josh you know yeah if we can compromise
by putting both names on the signs that's one token gesture of token oh no somebody
said that's a token gesture holy moly
that we can make to bring our community back together to councilmember Celia Graham
then you're mons my pronounce and I write Ben Yama who lives on six to have an
assidu a post-renaming the street because of King's opposition to the war in Vietnam
well I don't get it I don't consider Martin Luther King to be an icon or
her to be looked up to he said I thought the people who were against the war in Vietnam
were right as it turns out oh excuse me don't confuse a bunch of red necks with the facts
the council had renamed the street last year after being petitioned by resident Irene
dobson who thought it was time to tell you something to honor mr. King
dobson said before the vote that the efforts to be named to six to have an over racist
they say it's not but I wasn't born yesterday she said but after the vote dobson
said she was having with having both street signs in place I like it she said I
really really do sounds like a whole bunch of crap over nothing don't it yeah
whatever they say don't it see I sneak that in again so blubbable I'm being paid by the
christian people I got to get those sales back up again because the atkins died as
killing a man killing the a christian cream stock because everybody is low
carbonate now I think maybe we should tell everybody I don't want to do we got that
sponsor you know I'm gonna go up and get some ice cream oh and by the way let me just
also mention ice cream like that what does it call begins with the e the atkins
stuff indulge I don't know does not what it is asking me I don't know but anyway
the stuff that's got the low carb ice cream all of it I said this before I want to
say it again as a warning before you think oh I'm gonna go make give me a whole big
more ice cream it's all gonna have like 15 20 grams of carbs right man you are
gonna be so close to home all day you're gonna be just doing the green apple
crisp step for hours it's gotten multitall and sorbato and it's got it all believe
you me we can't make any of those sounds anymore but guess what well we had a
couple of them sneak on it before they were just raspberries but it sounded kind
of like the same thing you can't play that either no more you get you crazy that's
not like an expatory sound to me what is that toothpaste coming out of the tube
the hell it is I never had toothpaste come out of that tube squeeze it harder
okay oh and speaking of that what a great segue oral sex lessons to cut
rates of teenage pregnancy yeah this is in the brick papers of course they
would have that in America that's on American oral sex encouraging school
children to experiment with oral sex could prove the most effective way of
curbing teenage pregnancy rates a British government study is found pupils
out of the age of 16 were taught to consider other forms of intimacy such as
oral sex were significantly less likely to engage in full intercourse it was
revealed Britain's teenage pregnancy rate is the highest in Europe in
2002 there were 39,286 pregnancies recorded the government's also spent more
than 60 million pounds to tackle the problem but so far failed to halt the rise
a sex education course developed by Exeter University trains teachers to
talk to the majors about stopping points before full sex now an
unpublished government factor for appeals that a trial of the course has
been a success school children especially girls who received such train
developed a more mature response to sex the study by the National Foundation
for Education Research found youngsters were less likely to be sexually
active than peers who received traditional forms of sex education
dispelling the fears of family campaigners in other words right wing lunatics
who believe such methods actually aroused the sexual interthaneagers
right now the government recommend the scheme called a pause to school throughout
England and Wales following the success of the trial 100 poor schools where
sexual intercourse among 15 year olds fell about to 20 percent
according to Dr. John Trip in the Department of Child Health and University of Exeter who
up to Zana Courses teachers who sign up to the course are primed to deal with queries from
pupils on all kinds of sexual experience those behind the course dressed the scheme does not
suggest teenagers experiment with their old sex god forbid instead they say a pause promotes
the message that other forms of physical intimacy are safer than full intercourse
it teaches people assertiveness skills and if they should be only as intimate as they
feel comfortable with said trip a department for education and skills spokesman said the reports
of verticule being available all schools all teachers respect peer reviewed material this will
help implement their decisions she said how you go how do you like that oral sex lessons kind
of the right teenage pregnancy or those all is routine i make a pardon where were those lessons when
we were maybe we can get Bob Kuntz to make some more than bumper stickers again oral as moral
given something to do get them off the streets get a job Bob well here's that article where
did the somebody fax this in yes indeed Wisconsin daily ask readers to send pro bush letters this
again showing how the mass media this is that liberal media that they're always screaming about
there is no liberal media like Eric Alderman said that fine book is doesn't exist according to
pools president bushes popularity has been dwindling since the Iraq war heated up again last month
but a really is come to has it come to this it asks a Wisconsin daily newspaper novel twist is
resorted to asking readers to send in pro bush letters to the editor to balance out the many
critical of the president in a notice to its readers the post-question of apple and Wisconsin
observe that with the presidential race heating up the editors have found themselves in a quandary
they feel their views page takes the political and social temperature of the valley i don't want to
ask where they stick the thermothermometer under the arm but now the question is how can we balance
the perspectives and topics of our letters when many of our submissions have been coming from only one
side we've been getting more letters critical of president bush the knows that support him we're not
sure why or nor do we want to guess let me draw them a diaphragm huh but in today's increasingly
polarized political environment we'd prefer our offering to put forward a better sense of balance
since we depend on you our readers to supply our letters that goal could be difficult we can't
more letters that we don't have if you would like to help us balance things out send us a letter
make a call or punch out an email we'd love to hear from you and a lot of responded that
it's real published today alan kounz see i mentioned Bob kounz and her sister alan of nina wrote
could it be that you're ignoring the current temperature of the valley if you're getting more
letters critical of mr bush it is likely because the valley is more critical of him and for good
reason if you're receiving so many letters indicating an imbalance of opinions it's because
your readers feel they need to do your job for you they're telling you there isn't enough public
scrutiny of this administration's policy and actions also on Tuesday delabisov appled and asked
whose bright idea was it to solicit reader support for bush was it a pc executive decision
organette headquarters she asked good question you go girl isn't that amazing let's see if we
can't have some more pro bush there is there on a cable Nazi network and we don't we already got
nothing but those on a fox not seen network and then of course on a commercial networks we'll take
away your licenses and we don't have more pro bush stories between now november
wow five six seven oh five six i guess i've been like overlooking these calls here right oh yeah
what we might be missing something important wqa hello change the subject already oh sorry i got to do
the break oh see now we now we got a new one now we got a new one we got we got we got breathe
uh whisper junior mm-hmm changes about 56 four minutes before one at five sixty change the
dial okay schmendrick change your underwear change your pantaloonies change your little panties okay
and have a great day thanks for listening by the way what's going on that pool
who is the most honest politician in the west now maybe that was him just doing the voice without
doing the whispering because that would be three times today even he usually doesn't get that
through it away that was probably the real voice the most honest politician they're all
into a fifty six as in q fifty six john mcain fifty three George w bush thirty three thirty three
ought to be ashamed out of four seventy three five gram twenty eight thenuskas and a sixteen
like is here howardine fourteen charlie rangles got seven hellary's got seven jim jephard's three and
villanelson's got one you know villanelson's got one he's got one hey if your carpets look like
really shabby these days if they're like worn out if they look and really shputsy here's the answer
for you want to bring them back to life make them look just like you had brand new late on your
floor car experts at dry concepts that the best in the business that bringing your carpeting
back to life which has been used in my home for over twenty years now twenty long excruciating years
can you even imagine the amount of shorts they pulled out of my carpets in that period of time
i don't want to think about it sanitize your home today using dry concept certified train
technicians and are exclusive patented dry cleaning method that's right they dry clean your
carpeting same ideas right cleaning your clothing leaves them vibrant in color soft to the touch
smelling lemony fresh to dry in a couple of hours you really can't clean today and entertain
tonight and don't forget to give your written guaranteed price up front before they start to work
no bad surprises at the end of the job so whether it's your carpeting your area rugs your
draper your upholster all of these things these are the people you want to trust them too and when
you do call dry concepts asking to put you understand by list which will save you an extra 15% off
the already low price trust me when i tell you there's nobody in the world as a job like these
folks for your dry concepts column toll free at one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com
my
and all this is four three oh five cities
but it's it's the one to two hour coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood
celebrity music biography profile story he did more things with his mouth
and Courtney love could ever dream of doing he was Bobby McFarron
don't worry
be happy
oh no not that song i have to interview that guy
according to information posted by vh1 on their website
Bobby McFarron creates music by quote beating noises out of his entire body while
emitting a constant accompaniment of guttural noises clicks and popping sounds
unfortunately this also describes a huge percentage of crazy people who like McFarron
live in New York City excuse me i'm from inside behind are you Bobby McFarron
excuse me sir are you Bobby McFarron no worry me happy wait i think it's Bobby McFarron
no worry me happy because George W. Bush is an alien and time carriers jav k sprays hidden in his
pants oh man we were so close don't worry
be happy unable to locate Bobby McFarron we were forced to contemplate his rather annoying little song
it's a crock of you know what jack forest is an annoying resident who at the peak of the song's
popularity in 1988 fell into a threshing machine people would come up to me in my wheel chair
my head's in a brace i'm in a full body cast i haven't yet regained the power of speech
and they're singing the freaking horrible song to me don't worry be happy
bleep you Bobby McFarron i said bleep because i figured you wouldn't let me say
f*** am i right Bobby McFarron bad music is not a victimless crime it's a big juicy
shopping with look at your face tonight on inside the mind one oh three excellent at five six
eight over here why you fact's me this thing from this right wing piece of garbage this insane
just for fun the weekly worst the media research center whoo get yourself some help
the courts to lay it okay man oh man now let's get to the important stuff all right
national inquirer got the big Michael Jackson story and the big Martha Stewart story who just
hits 275 pounds wow she's got problems bombshell allegations in molestation case jacko's
co-conspirators the inquirer says Michael Jackson's criminal problems mushroom when a surprise new charge
of conspiracy to commit extortion child abduction and false imprisonment was leveled again thin in
the child molestation case what's more the empaddled pop star told a Pinocchio size lie outside
the courtroom and he's facing an allegation that he did drugs all of these things the bombshell
conspiracy allegation means prosecutors have now included other people in the case against the 45
year old entertainer and the inquirer is investigating the secret identities of two possible
co-conspirators not named publicly in the grand jury indictment their former employees of Jackson
helped them deal with the family of the now 14 year old boy who's accused Jackson molesting him
and playing applying him with alcohol in early 2003 after the alleged crime took place police alleged
the Jackson came tried to intimidate the boy and his family with threats took the family's belongings
and attempted to relocate them to Brazil a source close to the case told the inquirer there may even
have been death threats levels said the source at one point the boy and his family may have
been held hostage in Neverland meanwhile Jackson had people searching through the boys and his
families belongings at another location desperately trying to retrieve a laptop computer that Jackson
had given to the boy there's a belief that there was incriminating evidence against Jackson on
the laptop and that Jackson was desperate to get it back New York City Attorney Joseph Tech
Coppina told the inquirer that he represents the two men who may be named co-conspirators but he
knives the men Frank Tyson 27 and Vinnie Aiman was that Oman 23 took part in any conspiracy
Tyson has known Jackson for more than 20 years recently worked as his assistant
Aiman was it Oman an entertainment producer met Jackson through Tyson became vice president of MJJ
productions as the family's relationship with Jackson was deteriorating and the Martin Bashir
documentary was creating problems for Jackson Tyson was asked to come to California to work on a
rebuttal show and insider told the inquirer Tyson brought Aiman with him the two ended up
minding the boy and his family the family says they were threatened by Tyson Aiman but Tyson
Aiman offered a completely alternative view they said a mother was an opportunist who wanted Jackson's
continued financial support and even wanted him to buy her a house down the road from Neverland
the two men also stayed with the young accuser and some of his family members around February 2003 when
the Bashir documentary aired on ABC the inquirer has also learned that prosecutors could potentially
bolt to their case against Jackson if they use testimony from a new accuser in our May 3rd
issue we reported that LA police have announced they've invested they're investigating a new child
abuse accusation against Jackson this time from a boy who alleges the singer abused him from the
age of three you following that yeah three this time from a boy who alleges the singer abused him
from the age of three oh my god sources have disclosed that the boy now 18 says he's had flashbacks
of repressed memory of sex with Jackson and seeing Jackson do drugs a police source told the inquirer
the boy told police he would call Jackson feeding him red wine in a silver goblet what does that
Jesus use again in a dark room inside the house Jackson once lived in Encino California he also
says he saw Jackson do drugs another shocking twist Jackson told a ball face lie outside the
courthouse Santa Maria California in the middle reach out to potential jurors Jackson said my
children were born in this community which of course is completely untrue his son Prince Michael
seven was born at Cedar Sinai Medical Center in LA while his daughter pair of six was delivered and
operating sweet and Beverly Hills Jackson's former wife Debbie Rogi birthed the both children
its unclear where his youngest child Prince Michael the tooth who was adopted secretly was born
the whole case will come down to who's telling the truth Jackson was accused of said the source
close to the case and here Michael puts his foot in his mouth by telling it lie that is a checkable
fact he's got service baby good just old never-lend to just see that 18 million no I did not just old
never-lend well he's got some bills to pay yeah oh that take a look at that pull now I'm really
surprised we had so such a short list here aren't you now involved in seeing that the punishment for
such violations of human rights there's Hermann Gehring Rommesfeld by the way is going boom boom like
that man he must have naked pictures of our president they wouldn't you think
them being dragged around on a leash who is the most honest politician in the USA they're all
crooks 176 34 and a half percent cynics like me Jimmy Carter 95 this is out of 500 votes 508 just
he ventures 62 John McCain 58 look at that just he moved in the second place of the named peoples
John McCain 58 George W. Bush 34 6.6 percent they left the other six out he's a lente Cristo man they
no mistake about it Bob Graham 30 how many's Bob got Bob 30 man Dennis Cassin is 19 how are Dean 14
Charlie Wrangel 8 Hillary Clinton 8 Jim Jeffords 3 and Bill Nelson 1 how can we even put John carry on
there I don't know come on Josh how can we let John carry off at our humaniac just because he
get him on there please all right let's get serious we didn't put that Kennedy on there didn't what no
we didn't put Bob on there either well they lied about you know extraneous stuff right others I mean
Ted said he didn't kill the bitch and the Bubba said he didn't get no um jobs
W.C.Y.M. Hello sir yes I am I got name for Paul yeah Ralph Nader Ralph Nader there you go Ralph Nader
maybe crazy but he's honest is what this guy says okay let me get some votes and he deserves
him he's honest no he's not honest he's just crazy just an egotistical bag of wind that's it
anyway who knows if he's honest or not I don't think he is don't you remember we had that
esposae story about him and all the special interest he's full of crap just like all the rest of
see let me let me just put it to you this way all right nobody is gonna nobody who's got all
kinds of other things going for him is gonna throw it all away for a job that pays a hundred grand a
year 200 grand a year 60 grand a year like mayors of some cities unless they got millions and millions
and graft waiting for them I don't want to mention Mayor Pecania Mayor Pecania you know
say I left that out right yeah well I have to right I can't say good or go
Mayor Konga Pecania I like that let's do that let's form a Conger line
always that thinking that story yesterday the combiana I said combiana I just buy
combiana that was pretty boring song who did that combiana another thing in gun oh man it was all
wnaqaam hello yeah okay great wnaqam hello yeah I got a song for your poll yes sir
um Mayor McKeese the only pollution I trust Mayor McKeese how about me Ronald McDonald I don't trust any
of the small visions that he makes a pretty mean burger okay thanks how about Hamilton burger man
I think he ate too many of me choked on him for Hamilton burger don't stop and Casper
one spoke please don't smoke I beg your pardon Casper wine burger
another idiot five six seven oh five sixty pound actually these calls that he'd been some of
the very best of all time when you come right down to it you know how many times is Reverend
Jones and his boyfriend called and the whisper right and then this other guy the last one was
that Reverend Jones doing the dark voice yes yeah I thought so so like I said yeah wait till we
see him at the track next time we're gonna stick Walla Hennessy's boys on him okay they're gonna
kick your ass man hey Walla here's the finish line over here baby quick look it back
12 minutes after one at five sixty wqm you know VOOM is the only entertainment system that
designs specifically for high definition TV VOOM has got over 35 channels of high definition
programming three times more than anybody else VOOM VOM has exclusive HD channels they got it all
they got movies and sports music and news not available on cable or satellite VOOM has your
favorite cable networks like MTV ESPN CNN VOOM has your favorite local channels both in high
definition and standard definition two VOOM's got over a hundred channels of great entertainment
and they deliver for you the best picture on earth if you want to tell us on this fantastic
offer they got going for you right now just make this tool free call call 1 866 848 8666 or
check out their website at VOOM.com for their limited time offer they give you free installation
no upfront cost no long-term commitment so better get rooming because this offer ends
May 31 calm today toll free and find out what it's all about and then let us know call 1 866 848 8666
9 and look all 6 is 4356
and another thing you know the little son of a with a big star line
with that little big sweet voice I didn't expect to get anywhere a little beauty too
so
i know
yeah
I'm the end of all matters and going like that.
Why you why you're the smth you?
I know my smell attracts you, but unlike the sack you, you still got a job.
I feel just like that you are my kid rudder and one year later.
That's why you're so much fine.
That's why you're so much fine.
That's why you're so much fine.
That's why you're so much fine.
That's why you're so much fine.
I'm on a show and with you in a cowfire,
if we kill it so fine.
18, just calm down, Eric.
I got your email. I got your email, but of course it won't come through because my computer is blocked potentially unsafe and violent, filthy and disgusting crap you were trying to send me.
I saw some of those words on there. I think they had a point.
But anyway, my email is working.
Just calm down, Eric. Okay. Relax.
Here's a fact that says your audience might find this side interesting issues 2000 org slash default dot htm.
Got it? Got it.
I'm sure you do. I wrote it all down.
It is called on the issues every political leader on every issue. The site interactively allows the browser to access any state and check out on it.
Right. Oh, please cracker, please.
Now here's a fact that says maybe not well known in the banana republic, Bob Wexler.
Sure he is good old. Bob would try to get them vote machines with a paper trail so we know what else going on.
Bob Wexler. Good man.
Palm Beach County guy. Got him. Robert Wexler, W-E-X-L-E-R. Got him. Josh, I'm sure you do. Thank you.
There's somebody we can trust, right? Right. Josh.
How about Larry Smith? I'm sorry.
5 6 7 0 5 60 Palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. It's been talking to many more names on this list because they're just a
too many honest folks running around. It's a short list. It's a really short list. And I warn you that right out the get go.
WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello.
Yeah, how about Mayor Rudy Giuliani?
How about him? I think he might be an honest guy.
Okay, let's put on here. Okay, thanks. See, okay, don't. Rudy Giuliani, you got him?
We got him. Okay. He wasn't mean to honest to his ex-wife, I guess, but that kind of stuff we don't care about.
The Hanky-Panky. Like somebody once told me, every guy's got their banana stuff, you know?
Who told you that? Gary Lawrence told me that at W. I. N. Z. Okay.
Man, I thought that was a very good way of putting it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 Palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Of course, don't be saying that like in Tampa. You know what I mean? No, I ever see a banana split, especially at bush gardens.
Don't be saying stuff like that. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir.
The Senate of Bird from West Virginia.
Sam Robert Bird, former client member. Right. Thank you. Bobby Bird, put him on there. Robert Bird.
He's just turned 122 years old. Unlook at day over 121 of Dead Man in the suit. He was on that committee this morning, along with a lot of other very objectionable people like you, Lieberman.
WQAM. Hello. Hey, you know, yes, sir. Charles Wrangler.
Charlie Wrangler. He's on her. Ain't doing too well, but he's got his honor. Thank you. Good man. I like him a lot.
God have his own show. In fact, what they ought to do is put him on her instead of that damn those two goofballs that balled at James Carvellan.
Who's the other one? Paul Baggalla on Crossfire Man. They are so wimpy and weak and then they got that bow-tie mother care for his name.
Mother Carlson. That's his name. Oh, and speaking of things we can't say on a year.
Excuse me for taking so long to bring this to your attention. What the hell is that spot that our operations manager?
No, no, listen to me. I'm serious. We had a discussion while it was going on. Listen, all this is up there.
We can't say and I had almost had a nervous breakdown. You're like a stroke when at John, when at Glenn Campbell thing was playing before.
It's trying to punch everything. I don't know what they'll do. Whether the scream or peel up an anna.
But here's a guy who's given us a song of dance world of corporates who's listening to you, giving us a new list every day.
And in the meantime, he's doing a spot about constipation and defecation. What the hell is that?
If that an excretory activity sweetheart, I never heard of it in my life. Okay. Sounds pretty excreted to me.
Constipation and damning constipation. I think you're part of it. Painful.
Yeah. I was getting a little twitch just here and about it. My God. Constipation and defecation.
Are we reading that desperate? I guess they got to pay up front. No, no, no. See this audience thinks I'm joking about that.
We don't care who you are, what you're peddling, what kind of snake-rel salesman you are because we can relate to it.
We got a whole bunch of those. Anyway, we hope if you'll pay, especially upfront, we'll put your spot on here.
Okay. Copper magnetic bracelets. I mean, you name it anything. You could pay behind. No.
Well, back in the day, I would say something about that, but I can't know more.
Something to do with rectum. Martha collapses. Martha Stewart, poor bitch.
Pals for a suicide as she hits 275 pounds. Domestic diva terrified of going to prison.
Martha Stewart is ballooned all the time, high of 275 pounds, reports the inquirer and is on a verge of metal and physical collapse.
So severe that friends fear she could take her own life.
The 62-year-old domestic diva has increasingly turned to food for solace as she faces about as good things she got a lot cooking experience, you know.
As she faces a June 17 sentencing, they following her conviction on conspiracy and obstruction of justice charges.
Exclusive inquire photo snapped outside Martha's Manhattan office in April show.
The multi-millionaire who almost always appeared meticulously groomed in public, shockingly overweight and disheveled.
Oh my God. Shockingly and they got a picture here, man.
She's got a perfect that would make Oprah embarrassed, a monstrous giant and he's soon to be in prison, the crowd.
Martha is terrified of the thought of being locked up with criminals and targeted by lesbians.
She's arguing with her attorneys, battling her family and rocked by the perceived betrayal of her longtime close friend, Maryanna Pasdunak, or the Pasquanyak.
Other friends have beg to get her medication, commer, fearing, rages, but they say Martha insists on using food as their only tranquilizer, those close system Martha fear for her, a friend told the inquire.
She appears to be having a breakdown and she suffered a physical collapse weeks after the guilty verdict Martha's heartbreak completely overwhelmed her and she broke down a collapse in a heap.
Why are they doing this to me she cried?
And she's in denial about her huge weight game before the trial as her legal woe is mounted, the once-velled Martha reached 250 pounds, since then she's put another 25 pounds for an all time high of 275.
Her clothes don't fit her, they're far too tight, but she goes right on munching rich food and washing them down with vintage wines.
She just tried to like, you know, she realizes she's on limited time, right? She'd live it it up while she can.
While Martha desperately needs friends, she can no longer trust Maryanna Pasquanak, her friend for 20 years, who turned against her with embarrassing revelations during the trial and blockbuster testimony.
Maryanna said Martha told her she sold incloan systems in shares after learning the biotech company's founder was dumping his stock and she quoted Martha as saying, isn't it nice to have a broker who tells her these things?
It was a shocking betrayal from a close friend and although Maryanna slightly backed off the statement later in the trial, the damage had been done.
So the friend Martha considers Maryanna a turncode, someone who did whatever the prosecutor's want to see the fact of the matter is that since this bitch Martha's thought was a broker herself, right?
That's what senses it for me. She forgot about that. She wasn't like, she was always going on. She was doing.
And now they're on a throw her in every other stock broker. They all belong in jail together, man, every single one of you are a bunch of thieves, your bunch of con artists, your bunch of snake world salesmen, even make ourselves department of QA and look good. And that's almost impossible.
Even make Gary Sarner look almost human. And by the way, Gary, look out the window of the plane, baby.
You're going to see a real close up view of New York. Or maybe it would be North Carolina, you think?
Keep him out of there.
But that's right. They don't cut into his kind of North Carolina. I'm sorry.
But that's okay. There'll be some other sales hole come along to kind of pick up the pieces as they say, Gary. You idiot.
Anybody's keeping track at home? Maybe probably people in the audience have like a little, you know, a little diary. Sure for the show.
Anybody's keeping track. Gary Sarner is number one now with four bullets. Okay.
Has Todd Rickleck? He was sitting still.
26 after one of QA and I want to take about our friends at the financial group. You know, if you're going to be talking about them and they're incredible, only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one and one quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinance of your home, one and a quarter percent.
It is positively on the label. That's just $334 a month. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just
$668 a month. Now they're advertising on TV. They're all over the radio. The program is so exciting. It's got everybody talking because the only one mortgage makes it possible and only financial group makes it available to you.
So refinance your current home, get money for renovations, move to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again. You pay zero closing costs, zero credit bureau fee, zero application fee, zero discounted, point zero, everything. This be for real. Just call an answer group to find out more.
It's all free. It's one eight six six three nine five lend. That's one eight six six three nine five LED. It's the only one mortgage. The only mortgage you'll ever need.
There are an equal housing lender credit restrictions apply 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly.
The only one mortgage you'll ever need. That's one eight six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six five six six five six five six six five six five six six five six six five six six five six six six five six
and then we'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have
a winner. We'll have a winner. ForISSIRA, what is this? We'll have a winner. He likes rhythm and dance. He hates my development. He likes props. He models the backrest of set-ups. He sells panties. He sells panties. and he sells dodging option Wanna orada artist. He eats their panties. He sells panties. He puts out his panties and put them in a bag. He puts out his panties and put them in a bag. Hoowed one. Hoowed one. Hoowed one. Hoowed one. Hoowed one. Hoowed one. We'll have a winner. He eats their panties and put them in a bag. Hoow one. Hoowed one. Hoowed one. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. He sidewalk. We'll have a winner. We'll have a winner. Were you here. Hoowed one. Hoowed one. Hoowed one
Let's up you some more prisoners, make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used, used you to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past it had to be worse with Saddam Hussein.
132 at 560 WQM add-on come up and do the Humper from Seminole and Hollywood.
Seminole gambling plunging from 4 to 7.
Only Senator vote against the Patriot Act and also our only friend in broadcasting in the Senate.
Russ Feingold of Wisconsin, he belongs on there right away.
Got him? Good.
Got him? We got him.
And Carl Levitt of Michigan is a buddy.
They're a Sephiram glasses.
Louisville's granny glasses Carl.
Get him on there too please.
Okay he was on that committee this morning but a beep but a boop but a boop.
Now let's see Zeffer Hills and every place else southeast of Idaho might have a
street name for Martin Luther King but Poppano Beach has a street yet we knew that,
didn't we?
Actually in Avenue Northwestern Avenue named for a two African American hero.
Esther Roll Avenue.
If you want good times had for Esther Roll Avenue right roll out the barrel and she kind of
looked like one when you come right down to it.
PS any chance you might play your Bokobram bit that mentions the great Ms.
Rule for those of us still down here in the land of the Free Home of the Road
Center. What bit is that? It's like a Knieger on that work.
No. 56070560 pound 560 button value
asked on AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Oh this is a good article by Molly Arvin.
Sam Grant I saved you really good stuff right for the ass end here.
The what? The ass end.
Here are the end where you have like constipation and defecation and things like that.
Painful defecation. I'm sorry.
Man I always say that that muff was a real pain in the ass but good God.
That's coming up again too.
So is it really?
Yeah let's promo it.
So to speak.
That's what Clarence told me.
Anyway Molly Ivens writes that was no
fraternity hazing in Albu Grive prison.
She says let's get real on Fox so called news.
Former Army sergeant Tony Robinson was allowed to claim without
contradiction that what happened at the prison Albu Grive was no
worst in fraternity hazing rush Limbawke and curries.
Let me speak up on behalf of the cap of six KAs and even Deets were only minor
branding incidents occurred when George W. Bush was the head
deek at Yale. This is straight from the report of major general Antonio Taguba.
Between October and December 2003 at the Albu Grive confinement facility,
numerous acts of statistic blame that wanted criminal abuses were inflicted on
several detainees. The systematic and illegal abuse of detainees was
intentionally perpetrated by several members of the military police
guard force. The allegations of abuse were substantiated by detailed
witness statements and the discovery of extremely
graphic photographing evidence including the following acts.
Punching, slapping and kicking detainees jumping on their naked feet,
videotaping and photographing naked male and female detainees,
forcibly arranging detainees in various sexually explicit positions for photographing,
forcing detainees to move their clothing and keeping them naked for several days at a time,
forcing naked male detainees to wear women's underwear, forcing groups of male detainees
to masturbate themselves while being photographed in videotape, arranging naked male detainees
in a pile and jumping on them, a male MP guard having sex with a female detainee,
using a military working dogs to intimidate and frighten detainees and at least one case
biting it severely injuring a detainee, taking photographs of dirty rakiate detainees,
breaking chemical lights and pouring phosphoric liquid on detainees,
beating detainees with a broom handle in the chair, threatening male detainees with rape,
sotomizing a detainee with a chemicalite and perhaps a brumstick.
There it is, just face up to what and quit making excuses, I've spurred you so much
to discussing the tale she says. In our continuing quest to understand how we got where we are,
let us turn our attention to Ahmed Chalabi. He's the most plausible con and it comes with excellent
credentials. Born to a prominent Iraqi family in 1944 exiled in 58 with buckets of family money,
went to MIT at age 16, got his PhD in math from the University of Chicago, where he first encountered
one of the founders of the Neo-Conservative Movement, Albert Wallstetter. According to a profile in
Solon.com, he dared met future Neo-Con leaders, Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz. Solon reports he
is charming worldly and a skilled at networker. What follows is a complicated business financial
history leading to the founding of the Petra Bank in Jordan in 1977. Chalabi had ties both to the
Shia theocracy in Iran and the Shia Amal militia in Lebanon. He also had finance,
Sotomousanes trade with Jordan during the 80s according to Solon. By 1986, Petra had a billion
dollars in annual trade with Iraq. The bank collapsed and Chalabi was convicted of embezzlement
and fraud. He was flooded Jordan for London. As head of the Iraqi National Congress funded by the
US, Chalabi continued to push for the overthrow of Sotom. The US is still paying him in his
organization's 550 grand a month. His association with Neo-Con Hawks continued, even though both the
CIA and the State Department concluded he was untrustworthy, the intelligents he provided to the
Bush administration before the war consistently proved to be wrong and fraudulent. So why did the
Neo-Con's trust him despite his record? My theory is that there's a terrible naifte about Neo-Con's
that often deludes them into believing what they want to be true. Remember the time they convinced
themselves, Donus of Imbi of Angol was a great freedom fighter? For anyone who knew
of Imbi's record, it was gaggedy with a spoon city, but the kept insisting that this disgusting
human was a hero. Other Neo-Con's so hated sand in East-East is Nicaragua, they backed
drug runners and creeps of all the scripts and against them. The Neo-Con's felt for Chalabi for
one reason. He said he would help Israel. Once it almost overthrown, he said he would reinstate
Iraq-Israeli pipeline, reorganize Israel and trade with Israel. Chalabi with our backing became a member
of the current Iraqi governing council. He has also made his nephews into power players in post-war
Iraq. Gone are the promises about Israel, but they justified it not most of Raki's believed Chalabi
corrupt beyond counting. Even some of the Neo-Con's who have so long discounted the CIA and State
Department reports about Chalabi's essential dishonesty are staring to doubt him. Could this
molly ovens column? Yep, we was con. You.
Okametsu-Labi, what I tell you is an embezzler of crook against a piece of crap.
A Neo-Con of the worst sword. Is there any other kind? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Who is the most honest politician in the USA?
205 of us, that's a third, say they're all crooks. You turt! Jimmy Carter 115,
Jesse Ventura 76, John McCain 67, George W. Bush 39, 6.4% said a bushmeister W can be trusted.
Sure, Bob Graham 34, Dennis Kassin is 22, Howard Dean 17, Charlie Rangles got 8, Hillary Clinton
got 8, John Kerry 4, Jim Jeffords 4, Rudy Giuliani's got a peer, Bill Lusson got 2,
Ralph Nader 2, Bobby Wexler 2, Bobby Burton Russ Finegold so far out of the big out of 607.
Keep it track of all that? Oh yeah, good. 20 before 2 at 5, 60 WQM when you shop for quality,
footwear there's only one place to think about that's Brandy's and Pompato Beach,
Stibbanoona right for years and years forever. At Brandy's you'll find the biggest
selection of men's and women's shoes, the best service, the best prices in town, so what's
not to like no matter which brand is your favorite they got them all they got rock ports,
floor shim, SAS, Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more. And with Brandy's humongous selection
you can just about bedgreg reads life on it that whatever shoe you want they got it in your
size and stock right now ready to slap on your foot. In fact people love Brandy so much when
they come back over and over again they usually buy several pair on each visit. Brandy's is open
daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompato
Beach it's always worth a tip no matter where you are and don't forget all this week at Brandy's
it's a great time to buy new balance shoes all great men's and women's new balance styles 20%
off this week at Brandy so come in the store visit him on the website BrandyShoes.com
we're sports radio 5cc
2am
cheese
now boys told our military the shooting's got to stop
five pockets of resistance
it's getting way too hot we found a lot of strong attacks without progress no one's
failed we must negotiate agreement before someone else gets killed
but we kind of like it
rocket the lucha rocket the lucha but we kind of like it
rocket the lucha rocket the lucha by order of the president no more troops in that town
get a ceasefire underway was the consensus a world round so push that enough of this boys I think
were done as the FBA to the job of shooting off our guns this way it won't look like our job failed
my reelection's nail
but we kind of like it
rocket the lucha rocket the lucha but we kind of like it
rocket the lucha rocket the lucha
144-16-2-5-60-WQM
mad dog it through the Humberit 4 from the Assemblal Old Fargambling Place
and then we got Warren Cromarty to Crow at seven as the pre pre game the pre four play deal
and then we got the Marlins on Dec. 7 30 Marlins at the Astero is eight what is it 805 Eddie Camp
to the game got all of that got it good five six seven 0 five sixty five
pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon I still can't stop thinking about that spot that
of all people you know if if Tommy would have cut it you know I mean he can't help it call your
friends but good golly miss Molly mufflinzy doing a spot about constipation and deaf and and
was it painful painful defecation come in and say is oh my god let's come in next 30 QAM hello
hey uncle new have got pretty good hey you know you're talking about that spot that you're
ripping on for the defecation or whatever yes a yesterday during kneel show or not a kneel show
but during Hank show they have this new spot where they're calling for men who suffer from
premature javelin yeah we have that one yeah that's enough to do hey it is also here that the
the cop the kid who slingshot at the Virgin Mary and the down in Tampa or whatever slingshot at
the Virgin Mary you know the picture that everybody was worshipping that was the window yeah I
broke the window they call that one I didn't know that that happened I must have happened when
I was looking the other way no they got them well thank the word for that that's the best
usually or thanks pali I'll rest rest well tonight aren't you pleased uh he slingshot at the
Virgin Mary on the side of that bankroll in gosh dang I'm just taking care of somewhere here that's
all right well I'm looking out this envelope here so I can put it in the box and I can
move up to my what I told Eric there here you go Eric it's in the it's in the bag
to the bag Eric see I take care of my business five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I'm
not a nervous nelly like some people I know I don't want to mention no names you understand
yeah look at that there's only one line ringing I could get the rest of this material here but
that would be back because I'm sure we have some very important calls coming in between now
into a clock don't you think I don't know how you doing you pretty good sir good I have a
suggestion not not for a poll but like on Thursday instead of a poll have a like a mock vote
a mock vote a mock vote a mocky vote yeah you know just see what the listeners
most of the listeners I would think would be lawful care yeah yeah we do that periodically once
in a while but every Thursday so a little over the top okay plus we got to let some go in vote
too not just juice five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in the right I mean
can you imagine that hey pal I hear a great call you're wonderful American I wish you a great life
but the status programming okay we got a promises it is believe me with the difficult painful
dedication seriously I mean I just I'm not even thinking about Glenn Campbell anymore that that
pales into one significance yeah I mean at least I didn't consciously anticipate you know
I'm saying it wasn't an active intent the idea that the idea that we're taking money to put this
kind of crap if I can say that on the air wow somebody QA am hello I mean at least I didn't
QA am I'm saying it wasn't an active but yeah I got that radio just cranked up the sound like he's
got his head right on the speaker QA am hello yeah how are you pretty good sir how are you
not bad thank you just I hope you don't have Jimmy Carter on that list yeah we do it so
Jimmy Carter's leading the way man he's got 121 votes oh man that guy he just makes my stomach
boil yeah does he give you like does he create difficult the painful defecation for you yes he does
sir while y'all wasn't the United States Air Force from 1976 to 1982 between the time that
he was in and Reagan was in and ran he just he's just sent a lot of guys to their death on
unfortunate yes he did but but you know you can't get all presidents do that yes they do sir
but unfortunately he sent him with the wrong equipment and that's why what happened in desert
kind of like sounds like what's happening right now as a matter of fact exactly let's get
out they sent a thought into that desert and they just you messed up and we want to go forward
and he said no come on back we'll give him a pass yeah but look at the good job he did with those
hostages in Iran man yeah it's right exactly it was the mess you know just friends my stomach thank
a lot Neil good luck to us pal thanks and ready got back in one piece anyway watch out for that
depleted uranium well that's really it's really really worried about it huh if it's depleted
why you worried about it and then it goes it's got pictures in this book of some of the troops you
know hovering in some of the locals hovering over some of these vehicles that have been you know
shot up and of course the the pleated uranium were some of the pictures
it's just it's yeah it says in the immediate aftermath of the first Gulf War
allied troops climbed aboard shattered Iraqi vehicles and search the souvenirs and the spray
paint them with graffiti no one was warned of the possible long-term health hazards posed by
lingering depleted uranium residue and then of course the kids of these veterans are turned
out with all kinds of grotesque birth defects and which we have some pictures oh this book it's uh
it's scary must reading spinning on the axis of evil america's war against the rack by best
selling authorment award winning journalist Scott Taylor it's in paperback go out and buy it read it
spread it around okay spread it wqam hello
children's lucky way wqam hello wow yes sir this is the near Roger's show sir yes you're on it
I want to ask you why you were on it wqam hello
Neil yes sir I got a name for your poll okay
little Neil who is it little Neil little Neil
okay little Neil you got that is that what you call it wow wqam hello hi Neil thank you for coming
back I know it takes a lot of patience to do it doesn't know when you got these pictures coming
baby when you got those big fat pictures I couldn't give a crampless okay I got my brain red on
the right spot now man okay well I just wanted to call it tell you that did you uh
did anyone factually the article or I didn't get a chance to check your website this morning but uh
the the commander of the operation to save the Iranian hostages said at a commencement speech
that he was glad that the operation failed because had it succeeded then Jimmy Carter would have
been reelected as president now this is the commander of the operation yeah all right did anyone
fact that to you no but I am glad you told me about it and have a calm down have a great life well he
is so so emotional just so over the top you know good attention but man I beg your pardon you
don't think that break already so I can hear that spot here what spot our new favorite
stuff the difficult the defecation that spot coming up by the way everybody so I would just
gather around the edge of your seat yeah right on the edge of your seat that's right it made me
painful but just mosey on over right to the edge of your seat there put your ear your ear up to
the radio 150 to a QA and biometrist can be then confusing so many brands different model names
that are restored almost impossible to compare plus all the pony sales pony promises with strings
attached you really need to read the fine print which is why dial macris is so un unbelievable it's
the easiest possible way to buy a mattress when you call 1800 macris you get their prices on the best
brands with your delivery on your schedule and best customer service in a business why would you
want to buy a macris anyplace else dial macris won the 2004 better business bureau local torch
award for excellence because they work harder than anybody else during your business before during
an act of the sale when you call 1800 macris and speak with them their expert betting consoles you
can rest assured you're getting the best possible macris choose from a complete line of celes
serdice Simmons King Quill temperpita concerns bananas foster dial macris takes same day orders all
day long from kindle the store pumbits to ford Myers call 1800 macris right now and you pick the
date into our delivery window you want your macris delivered they're on time 99.7% of the time you
can't beat that i'm one of the resilience of satisfied customers you call them first just the
first time and you will be two forever give them a call 1800 macris log on to their website macris.com
dial macris 1 800 MATTR ESD easiest possible way to get to a great night sleep for years to come
we're
are we
Oh, gotta cover, take a second, take a look at how many pickles we've ever seen.
It's better pick.
Oh, wow, folks got it.
It's job-steer-realism.
We got the weak, now wonder why.
One of them was John Wondering why.
Did America keep that bread, had it gone?
It was because like my homies I have a birthday face.
Couldn't say he could not bear it.
It's all a matter of opinion, Barry.
There were had a real change.
Oh, where was it?
I'm a thing of him and friends.
Oh, where's it going?
Oh, John Stevens, I hear your spied-by.
If I literally you are the thing, I'd not go away.
Oh, where am I going?
Oh, John Stevens, folks, you have fun.
Your voice made me want to shoot myself, where the guns please go away.
Oh, friend, a little hurtful, Barry.
You'll know moving, you'll know playing.
Oh, I agree with you, baby.
I'm much taller than Clay and much skinnier than a root bear.
And I will show his free.
Oh, that's a nice effect.
I won't have to kick in my tear-free.
Oh, a violent mind.
I can't watch the X-Pray.
Go ahead.
I'll hear in your crawling little tree.
Who put our tear-dies?
Thanks for the funding, memory.
Oh, you're certainly welcome, I'm sure.
Now that you've gone, you must be relieved.
Oh, you ain't getting last-and-flop sweat going.
Just like a warm summer time breeze.
Like a warm breeze over my fair potard.
You're out the door.
I am out the door.
Back up.
Oh, come on, we're together.
Oh, John Stevens, I hear your spied-by.
If I literally you are the thing, I'd not go away.
Appreciate the homies, baby.
All the hard work for John Stevens.
So I'm not Steven, so you had fun.
Your voice made me want to shoot myself with a gun.
It's no way.
Oh, I find that slightly humorous.
You sure know we'll be on no play.
Well, make your way special.
I'll tell you.
I told you it was going to be good tonight.
Oh, yeah.
You called me special.
And what happened yesterday when we had that glitch for it?
Did we ever figure it out?
Did somebody close the pot in the other room?
Nope.
We don't know or nobody's telling us.
But it was a mystery.
I think somebody was diglin' in the other room.
They were not.
Or maybe somebody was just suffering
from some painful, yeah, defecation.
Anyway, here's our poll result.
See how this all kind of fits together?
Who is the most honest politician in the USA?
Did you say fits?
They're all crooks, 2.19.
Jimmy Carter, 125.
Just even to 81.
John McCain, behalf of 72.
And George W. Bush, 44, 6.6%.
Hang your heads in shape.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm a new question show.
I'm twice the total GDP.
We have.
For learning.
I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.
