We love those mollins baby. They are really on rock solid
Oh, go go go go
Oh, go go go go
Oh, yeah
Sports 20 old 5C
WQAM
Miami Ford Lutter Day
The church over there folks
Oh, right
I don't know how many of those who need that to
It's the
Meele Router
See ya
What happened?
So what?
The old 5CM
Don't hear that
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Like Jackson
I can hear you
No, don't find it
You can't find it
What's going on?
I'll do some more glimpses
Make them scream nice and loud
Get me some wires and those bad dreams happening
I don't care if they hate
From my rack to be used
Use you to the torture
Cause they're just named their game
In the past it had to be worse with Saddam
Who's saved
Oh, Williams said they died
To Ford Paul
Oh, cricket, how can you do this?
I want to stroke your legs
And slip your track with my breezy nose
You've got those hopeless whips
Now I'm pulling up my thigh
For the season
You dashed my hopes of family bliss
Here's well open my eyes
For no apparent reason
I'm like bustle of the bush
There's a way see me
In my trailer
And then I fight you no longer here
You've got the thing I like
That's a failure
And the heart's full of all the sports queers
I don't want to fit the sides
That is the illusion
It's your choice I've walked in my mouth
Of the capital of the sides
Back to life's for whole radio
Don't leave us like this
Now only shak sons we can give
I'm dying out of here
10-0-2-5-60-WQM
What are we going to do about Ricky and Shaq
And Shaq and Ricky and all of this crap
Man, what are we going to do about that cry line?
Oh, yeah
Boy, we better keep this thing cranked up all the time
We're going to do
1380 votes on George's Purgas
If we get the Marlins and the Phillies
And let me tell you let's tip our hats to those Marlins
Because they're not here to help us in this last rating book
Not only are we number one on QAM
We're number one by about 400 miles
Even a morning show, what a morning's number two
But when's the last time mornings were number two, huh?
In men?
I don't know
In a long time since I think before Abe Lincoln was a baby
But at any rate, we kicked some serious ass
And the Marlins at night, 7pm to midnight
And leave it to Fatboy came in this morning to point this out
But before he pointed that out, he said
Hi, I'm Tally
But anyway, that kind of like through my day off a little bit
But the 7am midnight, let's see who's number one at night
It's hot, I believe, hot 105
Do we care?
Oh, yeah, hot 105
They must have the Marlin game in Blackies
In the bubonics
How about that Barack Obama for Emperor, I say
Man, that guy is great, you didn't see him
I didn't, I saw all the highlights
Oh, he's good
And he's articulate
And he's everything that you dark folks ought to be
An order was spired to be
This business is about what he talks white
You know what kind of crap is that?
He's articulate, he speaks like a human being, he's great
He's going to be president someday, you mark it down
Read it on your armpit
A market name
QBA, look at this, WQBA was number 21 in the winter book
You know, like when there's no baseball going on
Right, I had a 1.1 share
In this spring book that just came out yesterday
There's second with a 6.5 share at night
Because they got the Marlins in Espanol
And QM which has the Marlins in English
A 6.1 from 19th from tied for 19th at number 3
At night
Oh, yeah
We got the Marlins in the Phillies
As the Marlins try to complete a four game sweep against a team that they own
They fill it up your Phillies
At 12, 13, 13 in the afternoon, one o'clock is the game time
Don't worry about a little rain, okay?
Don't worry about a little rain, I'm worried about it because boy, that would be bad
But they'll get that game in because it's a huge game and it means a lot
And they want to get in plus it when you have an early game like that
Zach, what was that game that they postponed because the rain ended about three in the morning
A couple weeks ago, remember that?
Yeah
Maybe maybe a little longer than that
No, they had a game that went on for what? You don't pay attention to the Marlins?
Oh, yeah, sometimes
What?
Josh Cordis isn't here today because he got to with Dave and Boring trying to put you up a little bit before the game doing his Marlins work
So we got Fats that crants in there today who came to you with us
I mean came to run the board which is why the open I guess was screwed up
A little bit
Was it playing but I just couldn't hear it as ethodial?
Yeah
It was playing but the right button wasn't pressed there for you to hear it
I see, well it does make a difference
1380 votes on Little George's pool yesterday. What is the stupidest religion in the world?
I would say all day above would be my vote. I don't see that on here. No, it's not because that would be cop out. Come on. Pick one
Oh, so I voted for our Christianity
All right
Because that whole nailed in Jesus on the cross and drinking his blood thing
That's just kind of like that kind of like leaves me limp
You know what?
Eating the wafer and eating his body reminds me that all you can eat in those things that Phil did
You know what I mean?
Are you sure?
Yeah, I might even play that. That would give a lot of good news
This is nutritious though, you know.
Anyway, the stupidest religion in the world is Scientology 387. Yeah
You people that are watch yourselves all you voted, they're going to be monitoring your mail listening in on your phone calls
And that's what I voted for
Make it up nasty. Oh, George is a pick it on the Scientologist
You better watch your Tom Cruise and John Revoltamister and Lisa Marie Flair Pressley
At every chance.
The alley she might sit on me
You only wish
No
Yeah, come on
In the alley
Yeah, I see the reason
That's the reason why we got Cameron Diaz behind the big critin
That is a fine fine photo
She's wet and she's all wet. She's in the water and she's like just soap and wet
And there's a boobies right there. John asked Rob, they're going to be too happy if you sit there and linger
Depending on what you do with your finger
But just take a look at Cameron Diaz if you're over the age of 100 and it's not going to get too emotional
Don't take any Ciala survivor stuff like that. Well, you won't need to
Beep
Good picture
So there's Cameron Diaz behind the big critin
And I got she was born August 30th 1972 in San Diego, California. Everybody knows Cameron Diaz
Wasps is her new movie that she's making right now. Shrek 3 for 2006 in her shoes
But she's she's got 85,000 project going on right now. She was the voice of Princess Fiona in Shrek 2
Charlie's Angels full throttle gangs of New York, but she's been in the eight-minute movies. Everybody knows Cameron Diaz
So on some days looks pretty name good other days. That's a good one. Right. No, I agree. Yeah. She's got her good moments in bed
But then again who doesn't well a lot of us don't have a good one. That's her thing. She said it a lot. Yeah
Now sometimes she looks really hot and other times kind of like loop war or another time like Luke Skywalker
Fundamental Christianity was second the second stupidest religion in the world 255
Your whole business is 158
Santadilla 153 we are probably out of play. I bet you did the cafeteria Santoria
No, why not I forgot would it kill some good time Islam 119 oh man don't be saying that Islam
You got to have your own it's nice having your own flying carpet
I don't want to pick on it because every every one of these religious has got the most stupidity out of things that they
They get people do things by wrote no by just buying neurotic repetition whether it's hailed Mary's or falling down on the carpet
And do it all right flags and laying themselves with chains. That's my favorite. That didn't get on here
Oh shintoism is last place only two because nobody knows what that is right Islam 119 Catholicism 70
But you better admire all the chakis there the beads or all the
Oh man a chain there. It's great
Christianity 62 just not including of course well run to the bill like it's just run to the ordinary
Ordinarily in Christianity where we don't have all those other bills and theory of all those and bangles and beads
Like the Catholic Church
Kabbalah cabala yeah 57 it's good enough for Brittany out to be good enough for everybody please
Mormon 56 and we don't have any more monocles anymore. Thanks to you keep picking on them
We have a more leave on it's about one number one. No, yeah, huh the Mormons are great. They're nice
They're nice and in a crispy clean. They were nice white shirts and ties on their
Bicycles and a few other day or step right and try to give you a song and dance about Joseph Smith and Paul Rhyme in New York
Never been to Palmyra, New York. No don't you don't want to no matter who you are or where you are you don't want to go there
I've never been there, but I know where it is and believe me you don't want to go to even El Myron, New York is better enough
But Palmyra the Amish 33 and of course we can pick on them all we want because he can't listen to the radio
They can look at it. They just can't vote it. No, oh, listen to somebody else's radio
So if you have an array of exited in your omics, we apologize for for fucally if you hear us from the outside
I apologize. So need you are. Judy is in the 17th
Oi! You should have separated to put Orthodox Judy on my show
I know you're the top, okay?
We'll be the sisters and you should know from your former accountant there, right? I want my own gear
I want to forget that day when we first started on the station we surely thereafter were down in the second floor
And George's accountant was in Orthodox Jew brought in the Tiffilin
Right, right. And practically cut off your circulation and almost kill little George right back in the studio
with his Tiffilin
Judy is in 17 Hinduism 7 which we don't know too much about at least I don't
All I can know is that those Indian people really smell
No, not all of them. Some of them are very... The Indian people are wonderful people just like the senator said in the Godfather 2
They're wonderful people but, yeah, for anything
Was that in Godfather 2 or 1?
2, that was in 2 because the senator wasn't in Godfather 1
I hope that was about Vegas and about the... Yes indeed
And then he was in bed with a hooker and they came in like...
I don't know what it was before, I don't know what it was
Buddhism 4
Which they were all here, I told you the... what's his name?
Was here a few weeks ago?
Dali Yada
Dali Lama was here
And everybody was out on the streets singing hello Dali and it was very boring
And they all wear the same purple things but that's sash
And Chintawism is in last place too with nearly 1400 votes on
Stupid religion which is certainly redundant, no question about that
Because people generally are weak and they want to be led by the Noah's and fed a son of dance
And you're going to live eternally with the...
The Muslims have the thing with the Seven Virgins all of a sudden a crap
Believe me, once they put your ass in a box that's it boys and girls
You better have a great time right now, there's no doubt about it
Well, how do you know any... I know, trust me
Thank God!
Noes
Here's today's poll
Well, I don't want to spend a lot of time on these ratings
Today's poll, I do have a choice
You never would have thought of it but I got a good choice
What do you think is the most underrated actress, movie or TV of all time?
You know who I picked?
Who'd you pick?
Jean Stapleton
Well down
Do you want to know why?
Well, I know why
Now, what do you think of all in the fan?
And I'm not saying that's all I think of a rest because she's been a lot of good things
Right
Which is... she's a brilliant, articular woman
Yes
And she speaks like a real person
But then again when you see all in the family, almost everybody with all in the family
And she always thinks of Carol O'Connor, Archie Bunker, right?
Right
And she's overlooked but her acting and that show is just fantastic
And pivotal
And poetic
She was what was all about, right?
Okay, well, how do you mean to say eat it anymore?
Oh, I'm sorry
I apologize
Jean Stapleton, you got a choice?
Underrated actress?
I'm thinking about a couple of good ones but I want to think it over
Okay, ponder it
So we'll get some more from the audience for that
That's our poll today
We're only here on 1230 so we better talk real fast
And play a lot of spots
What?
What?
Well, we got them
Hey, let me tell you right now boys and girls, we kicked some serious ass net book yesterday
We got some bonus money coming
We're number one
Come up with a set of serious bonus money coming because we...
And thanks to the audience again, we don't want to thank them profusely for wiring these days
I mean for helping us out
Whatever the hell it was
Whatever it was, we'll take it
Even Moan Gildey
Well, we don't know the hour by hour but you will in a few days I'll be on vacation
But you'll be able to ponder that whole thing next week when the hour next time
And pass it along and find out whether it was Mo or Joe or maybe it was we just had our Mojo work in the morning
And the afternoon was number one
Right?
And we had just a humongous age here, number one by a mile
Right, by threefold points
Alright
Let's see, look for the QM van today at 11 o'clock at the shell station on the street
Do not get gas there please, that shell gas
Just west of I-95, stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to see the Marlin Fille game
Oh, look at this, look at this
Oh, this Miguel man
Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to see the Marlin Fille's game tonight at the Pro
I just finished promoting the game as it won a clock and...
Oh, this Miguel and not only that he's got all those free tickets he free loaded from me
Oh Miguel, what about your football man?
Yeah, that's an amazing wonder here
Then who did it?
I don't know, right?
Some idiot
You're an idiot Frank, whoever you are
He's a good guy
Well, okay, he's a good guy, he's an idiot
Maybe the presidency would guide out it, but he might be, but that's also an idiot
When you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to dial 1-800 mattress
Make that first-nighter dream house heavily with a brand new top quality brand name mattress from dial amatris
And don't forget, you still picked the date and time for delivery, that two-hour schedule to fit your move in schedule
And dial amatris is on time, 99.7% of the time
Nobody's 100% perfect, but that's pretty dang close
And nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress head ready for immediate delivery than dial amatris
When you call 1-800 mattress right now, you'll get a great mattress at a discount price
dial amatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourists of Excellence Award
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from the complete line of CLE, Sirta King, Coral Simmons, Never Beed, and Stearns and Foster Hewitt
Everybody of QM has been doing it, I haven't called them for years, you ought to be doing the same
Call 1-800 mattress, they'll be there in no time at all
Logout to mattress.com if you want or make that call to have a great night's sleep tonight and for years to come
1-800-MATTRES
And my name is Loh, this is 420-0-5-6-2-1
Only in the Banana Republic baby, only in Miami
Billy, time for your animal, or jeez mom, none other animal
Kids just hate getting animals, and mom's a giving them
But now there's a brand new animal that kids just love, introducing new animal animals
That candy coated chocolate animal that makes getting cleaned out fun
Hey mom, can I have another animal?
I don't know Billy, that makes your third animal today
Please, well, okay, cool, and this time I want a green one
Oh, sorry son, I took all the green ones
I did my two boys
New, M and animals, melts in your butt, not in your head
10, 18, and 5, 60, WQM, Happy Thursday, two years, so these two sheets, so that you just sent me a WY with these socks, we already know that
What is this supposed to be?
I don't know, my boy brought them in for me
Oh, I figured it was from my high boy
WYOD, oh I hate that station
It really is, it doesn't mean anything, just a butt out, okay, big butt out, fat boy
WY was he winning the tank, big time in his book
I mean big, big time, look at that midday
Midday is number one with an 8.0 share in the men's 2554R target demographic
And WYOD dropping like a rock
I can't even find him, where the hell are they?
Oh, there they are, they're on the second page
From a 6.4, number three in men in a winter rating book, in a spring book they drop all the way to a tie for 9th with a 3.6
A disaster, an unmitigated disaster, WYOD in the mornings they went through the four
And in the afternoons, the Schmidtmeister, whatever the hell his name is
Went from number two with a 5.9 and a winter book to a 4.9
Number two, number nine, the afternoon they're dropping off the face of the globe
Because all that right wing crap is falling out of fashion
Rush and rush light and rush junior, all about forget about it
And evidently everybody has
The lovely thing to see
Joan Blondell says somebody, well there you go, I remember that picture we had a Joan Blondell last week I think it was
To the week before, right?
It says Joan Blondell is my nominee, is the most underrated actress, very very underrated, great assets
And a fantastic attitude and a head of her time
This is the same fact she had a fact about the perky breast in the last time
Okay, thank you very much to Joan Blondell fan out there
We'll get the few for the poll
So we did the men the best actor last to two day
We could go to the two day
And we've been postponing this one forever
Never, I sure hope we get some names on here otherwise it's going to be a very limited poll if it gets my breath
Now let's see if this other promo is on here is as screwed up as the first one
Now what's the deal? When they go by the shell station a lot of the clock this morning
Are they going to get free tickets for this afternoon's violent league game or why?
I don't know
And during the beginning of that break I couldn't hear the...
I mean we're having a little bit of a rocky time here to get girls
Huh? That was Zach again
Zach again, huh?
The only thing I discovered about Zach here is one talent it's called eating
That's it, that's...
For example when I asked him before about the ball game thing
When you were on vacation everything you asked Zach you get the same answer
What? What is it?
Yeah, yeah, that's it, huh?
I'm busy eating, man
Don't be bugging me, I'm eating over here
He discarded those up and Josh was playing those
Right
What a joke
We gotta be good at something
Yeah, that's right, he's good at it man
He can clean the plate clean the table
I'll be watching him to do it here in a minute
Anybody drops a few crumbs on the floor he'll clean that up for you too man
He'll lick it right up that's what the clearance told me
So at any rate we got the poor Zach sitting in there he's just waiting for lunch
Who's bringing the food today?
How is it?
Oh, how is this bringing food again?
They're great how is we love that the bacon all the let's not over do it
All over getting a little tired of how is let's get to somebody else in there
And joint president the imported beer and QM 6 to 8 tonight to win Dixie located in a
67-01 Southwest 40th Street in Miami
Stopped by the spin that Ville for Marlon tickets and other prizes
6 o'clock tonight to win Dixie out 67th and bird road for those of you there to go to
The day county good luck to you
5 6 7 0 5 60 this is a first story before we get to these calls and names for the
Pull them whatever else we're gonna do in this very brief next couple of hours
That we got for the way time is slipping away already not bad all right
Oh
Man love these short shows president George W. Bush is taking powerful anti-depressant
Drugs to control his erratic behavior depression and paranoia capital Hill
Blue has learned this is a great website capital Hill blue and they're not
Like liberal and not conservative they're like right down the middle but they rip
Everybody who deserves it which is a lot of people
The prescription drugs administered by Colonel Richard J. TUB the White House
Position can impair the president's mental faculties and decrease both his
Physical capabilities and his ability to respond to a crisis administration aids
Admitted privately his mental faculties as limited as they already are
It's a double-edged sword says one a we can't even fly off the handle if this light is provocation
But we also need a president who is alert mentally
TUB prescribed the anti-depressants after a clearly upset bush
Stormdorf stage on July a three fusing to answer reporters questioned about his
Relationship with indicted and run executive Kenny lay keep those mother
Efferves away from me he screamed in an aid backstage if you can't I'll find someone who can
How do you like that?
Now how come the mainstream media hasn't been reporting this so I come
We have to read about this in capital Hill blue which is on our website
Now seriously how come the mainstream media is reporting this how come Wolf Blitzquake isn't on their
Shouting this from the rooftops and Dan rather and Tom broke up with his bad freaking speedsteep factor
I mean we saw the video clip of him storming off the stage and that's the end of it that's all you hear
Because it's bad for business it's bad for the bushmeister and for our Nazi leaders
Keep those mother efforts away from me he screamed if you can't I'll find someone who can
Bush's mental stability has become the topic of Washington whispers in recent months
Capital Hill blue first reported on the 4th of June 4th about increasing concern among
One house aides over the president's wide mood swings and obscene outbursts
This is the man who was going to bring morality and decency back to a Washington and his vice president's
Drap and f bombs and Congress in the Senate and this mother effort is Drap and mother effort words all over the place
I've seen out for it's how do you like that?
Damn it all those EOP loyalists dismissed to be ports is anti-bush propaganda
The reports were later confirmed by prominent George Washington University site
The kindest doctor Justin Frank in his book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president
Dr. Frank diagnosed the president as a paranoid megalomaniac and untreated alcoholic
Whose lifelong streak of sadism ranging from childhood pranks like using firecrackers to explode frogs
To insulting journalists gloting over state executions and pumping his hand gleefully before the bombing of Baghdad
Showcase bushes instabilities in other words he's a raving lunatic
I just mentioned this if you think about voting this year
I was really very unsettled by him and I started watching everything he didn't
Reading what he wrote and watching him on videotape I felt he was disturbed Dr. Frank said
He fits the profile of a former drinker whose alcoholism has been arrested but not treated
Dr. Frank's conclusions have been praised by other prominent psychokers including Dr. James Grotsdine
Professor at UCLA Medical Center and Dr. Irvin Yalom
Shalom Yalom, MD professor emeritus at Stanford University Medical School
Sounds like a couple of years lost to me
The doctor is also worried about the wisdom of getting powerful anti-depressant drug to a person with an history of chemical dependency
You following this? Yep, Bush isn't an admitted alcoholic
Although we never saw treatment in a formal program and stories about his cocaine use as a younger man
Stories about his cocaine use as a younger man haunted his campaigns for Texas governor in his first campaign for president
President Bush is an untreated alcoholic with paranoid and megalomaniate tendencies Dr. Frank Gads
The White House did not return phone calls seeking comment on this article
Although the exact drugs Bush takes to control his depression behavior are not known
White House sources say they are powerful medications designed to bring his erratic actions under control
While Colonel Todd regularly releases a synopsis of the president's annual physical details of the president's
Health and Aid drugs and treatment emergency are not public record are guarded zealously by the secret of cagray of AIDS that surround ill president
Veteran White House watchers say the ability to control information about Bush's health
Either physical or mental is similar to Ronald Reagan's second term when AIDS managed to conceal a president's increasing memory lapses that single the onslaught of Alzheimer's disease
It also brings back memories of Richard Nixon's final days when the assumed resigned president wandered the halls and talked to portraits of former presidents
The stories didn't emerge until after Nixon left orifice one long time GOP consultant who for obvious reasons has not to be identified
So he's advising his Republican congressional candidates to keep their distance from Bush
We have to face the real pot. Oh, this is this is the best paragraph I've ever read on the air
Okay, I want you to open up all right ears. Okay, let me get it out open up every year
Orifice in your body right now and listen work clearly
We have to face the very real possibility that the president of the United States is loony tunes these are family
That's not good for my candidates. It's not good for the party and certainly not good for the country
That's a long time Republican political consultant who said
El Presidente is loony tunes and by the way Walter Lance and Mike Lance aren't too happy about that either
Wow 27 after 10 at 5. So basically public QAN
How about let's play a little Murray Melody's till 1230
There we go
Hey, if you're on the acumen the South Beach Sugar musters are any low-carb sugar free diet and we invite you to head forward to the lights of West
Bokeh for years now the lights has helped thousands of low-carb diners just like you achieved their weight loss goals
And now the lights of West Bokeh celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discuss about the 50% off on low-carb products like
Carbola pure delight carbs since and lots lots more and as their anniversary super special you can save half off all
Atkins brand's goods and supplements don't forget the great selection of low-carb bakery items like cheesecakes,
breads, rolls and brownies too and don't forget you can try and enter products before you buy them before you show out any cash
They got an knowledgeable staff they're open every day till 10 and don't forget their Guadantee lowest price policy on all
Atkins, Carbolite and pure delight products too
The lights of West Bokeh will not be under sold
The lights is located on the northeast corner of Glades Road and 441 right next door to Boston Market or column
toll free 1-877 low-carb that's L.O.W.
C-A-R-B or on the web at slowcarb.com don't forget what a story
Do you like the West Bokeh at your official atkins retail center?
My name is local and you're a sports radio 560-C-A-U-A-M
The way comes where she plays
The okay one on the street
Who's like a tree had it made?
So do you want a day?
And you know who you were again?
That one no black Republicans
And we could use the right lights of Boston, Carbolite and pure delight
All the sides of your new world straight
Why did you want to be so late?
I didn't know the Ronald Rennth grade
The Ronald Rennth
Happy to be here 560-W-DQ-A-M
Happy Thursday we're kicking ass man
We're number one by 50 million miles and we'll enjoy it while it lasts
Another couple of months
Anyway Elmer says, please who's Helen Mirren?
Helen Mirren has been in the million movies
Going all the way back to the 60s
I stuck that on there, that was my choice
Jean Stable and 7, Helen Mirren 2
And Francis McDorman's got a pair
And Joan Blondell's got one
And Joan Allen's got none
Elmer says both excellent actresses who barely get any publicity
Joan Allen, Francis McDorman
We'll get a lot more names on the list eventually
But I got some heavy fixture for I like this fact you just sent me
Thanks whoever sent this in
And it's also from Capitol Hill Blue
In line with what I just read
Let me just read that last paragraph of the previous one before I know it's seriously
I just see you know what really pisses me off about the Democrats
This whole approach that they're using I didn't see how sharp it was last time
But I guess he really pushed you and asked you if I did
I thought you mean clear enough of it yes
This business of wow we don't want to appear to be shrill and make it personal
Bull crap, okay?
This is one of the problems of the Democrats
So this is a goody-to-shoot kind of
I watched Edward speech last night I'll be very honest with it was okay
And then the reporters come on afterward
Oh the crowd is an apprenzy and he really
Electrified the crowd
It was okay, I didn't say a damn thing to be honest with it
Right, I mean he's fine he's okay
He sure is better than his mother I mean his wife
We have to face the very real possibility that the president of the United States is
Loonie Tunes says this long time Republican political consultant
That's not good for my candidates it's not good for the party
And certainly not good for the country
We're advising our Republican congressional candidates to keep their distance from the Bushmeister
Now Theresa Hampton and William McDamish right in the Capitol Hill blue today
A Sullen president George W. Bush is withdrawing more and more from AIDS and senior staff
Abu Gharr recreating into a private paranoid world where only the ardent loyalists are welcome
Cabinet officials senior White House AIDS and leaders on Capitol Hill complained privately about the increasing lack of face time with the president
And campaign advisors are worried about the depressed president may not be up to the rigors of a temporary election campaign
Good
Yes, there are concerns of top Republican political advisor admitted privately Wednesday
The George W. Bush we see today is not the same gregarious backslaping president of old he's moody, distrustful and withdrawn
Bush's erratic behavior and sharp mood swings led White House position Colonel Richard tub to put the president on powerful anti-depressant drugs with his past law
This is a president known for his ability to charm people one-on-one since the staff member to House Speaker Denny Hasdard not anymore
White House AIDS say Bush is retreated into a tightly controlled environment where only top political advisors like Carl Rove and Kiran Hughes are allowed
Even White House chief of staff and new card complaints he has less and less access to the president
Among cabinet members only Attorney General John Ascroft a fundamentalist lunatic who shares many of Bush and strict religious convictions remains part of the inner circle
White House AIDS called Bush and Ascroft the blue brothers because like the mythical movie characters both believe they're on a mission from God
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Rage demand most responsible for waiting America's war on terrorism
Complaints to staff that he gets very little time with a president gets most of his marching orders lately from Ascroft
Some on religious staff write privately that Ascroft is Bush's him or a reference to Heinrich Himmler chief of the SS under Adolf Hitler
Too many make the mistake of thinking Dick Cheney's the real power of Bush administration says one senior Homeland Security they're wrong
It's Ascroft and that is reason enough for all of us to be very very afraid
How do you like that it's Ascroft be afraid be very afraid
Wow
While Vice President Cheney remains part of Bush's tight inner circle defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld has fallen out of favor
Tells his staff that no matter what happens in November I'm out of here good be afraid be very afraid
Speaking of Heinrich Himmler, there's a Hermann Gehring for he's out of here
White House AIDS say the West Wings been overtaken by a siege mentality where phone calls and emails are monitored
And everyone is under suspicion for disloyalty to the crown
I was questioned about an email I sent out on my personal email account from Holmes has one staff member
When I asked how they got access to my personal email account I was told that when I came to work at the White House I gave up any right to privacy
Another staffer was questioned why she once stated to register Democrat
He voted for Bush in 2000 she said but that didn't seem to matter
Mary Madeline is married to James Carvella and that's all right
But suddenly my royal royalties questioned because a former boyfriend was a Democrat
Madeline a Republican political operative and advisor to the Bush campaign is the wife of former
Clinton about political strategist the bald head of James Carvella
Sorry he's a little bit loony tuned
Okay let's get some access to John here and not get so heavy duty
And we find out are we given Marlon tickets away from the staff news game or not?
Just go there and they'll give you some tickets
Yeah just go there and take whatever they'll give you okay
The QM band love it at the clock this morning and listen a half an hour
They'll be at the Shell Station on Sheridan Street right near Georgia's house
Right near where we used to work for buddy web packs and just west of I 95
Stop by to pick up a pair for the second in game with the Pro which starts at 105 pregame at 12 30
5 6 7 0 5 60
Tom 5 60 on the AT&T
I'm gonna tell you you didn't see Barack Obama there and I also want to make an escape
So what about Elbow Mo Rocco is I'm gonna tell you if Larry King puts Mo Rocco or whoever on CNN decided to put this fruitcake on here
You talk about an ugly stereotype he is the fags what fat Albert is the black folks okay?
He makes he makes Stefan fetch it looked like Julian Bond this guy
He makes freaky Carlos out there to front desk look like Hercules
Man oh man Mo Rocco I mean oh brother you talk about Moronic it's just Molican
WQAM hello
See I thought that was gonna be our first call with our first name a list on pod on there does that probably not
Because I don't hear dead air I'm telling you hello. Yes. Yo yo
Hi brother
See Zach had a premonition
I don't know what should have gone with it
5 6 7 0 5 60 who do you think is the most underrated actress female I guess or actor female
Movies or TV of all time we got Gene Stapleton Helen Mirren Francis McDonald Joan Blondell and Joan Allen
WQAM hello
John Bond
Okay that's two for two WQAM hello
Internet lines
Three for three all right WQAM hello
Hello hello where are you today Neil?
Okay here's our first real call maybe yes sir
Yes sir you know what instead of Ricky going away what does it bush get jump on the back?
Okay great 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T what's the vacation time?
I'm entering anybody with a half of a brain is still in that place
Thunderstorms and right and humidity and bullfrogs and boofotos and mosquitoes the size of watermelons
I mean it's just another another pleasant sight
WQAM hello
4 for 4 WQAM hello
What's it on me?
Yes sir
How are you doing?
All right I love your shirt
And that's it 5 for 5 WQAM hello
Hi Neil
Can we make it 6 yes sir?
So what do you think of a Ricky situation?
I don't I couldn't give a crap less WQAM hello in fact I take that back I'm ecstatic about the Ricky situation
Because now the dolphins who might have been like 9 and 7 and best with Ricky are probably going to be like 7 and 9 maybe 6 and 10
It's going to be a disaster
What do I think of the Ricky situation?
Who gives a crap?
We got bigger fish to fry like spots ok we came worried about the Ricky situation is that the thetic or what?
First this town spent a week with a whole that business and if that wasn't bad enough now it's Ricky Ruins
Yeah that's it all the same tired boring terminal crap about some dumb jock who wants to smoke a lot of weed
And does not have to take any more drug test so he'll do gives a crap wish him well all right
Thank you for a couple of years of fine work and wish him well and I'll get on when you find a life were you pleased?
I have no life
What do I think of the Ricky crap?
Anyway if you have a lot of crap in your carpets you can call this about anybody in the yellow pages no coming to smear up a mess on your floor and rip you off big time
Or you can go to the supermarket and rent a bunch of a carpet cleaning equipment and make a real mess and you're going to be really sorry when you do that
But if you want to have a phenomenal job on parallel than the history of mankind call our good friends a drug concept
Since 1979 they've been making carpets look brand new and soft Lord including mine for over 20 years and they can do the same for you
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to work they dry clean your carpets that's what their name is all about dry concepts
They dry clean the carpets just like dry clean your clothing with sucks out even the deep down dirt and the pipe is your carpet makes them really sanitary
I mean just as clean as can be like brand new leaves them looking fantastic smelling one of the first they're drying a couple of hours
So you're really can clean today entertain tonight so whether it's your crumpling furniture drapery area rugs expensive or we ever work all of these things
You want to call on our friends a dry concepts for a stupidness unbeatable job every time and don't forget when you call dry concepts
Have them put you understand my list which will save you an extra 15% off they're already unbeatable price
Call them toll free 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out of the worldwide wicked web at dryconcepts.com
We call them to line us a code and ones are to
As the funds drop from the stars from far away
I'm tired of hearing
Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore
Surprise the darkness is too long but I'm afraid that the line won't be very long
We need a guest with our hope that my friend
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
We'll be there again if we don't find a better
We'll be there again with our hope that my friend
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
Civil rights what that? 1047-560 WM Happy Thursday
We have a very real possibility that the United States has looting tunes
He said sadly this long time Republican political consultant
That's not good for my candidates it's not good for the party
It's certainly not good for the country is what he said
I just thought I'd mention it again like on every break
Of course some of us are totally surprised by that
Somebody says Linda Blair which is interesting because we were just a listing
And I was watching her this morning on screen TV with everything about us
This is just one two three I corrected their spelling for the poll
Oh okay Linda Blair it says does Gellie qualify for your poll?
Because I'll change my voter for you
Gellie don't be qualifying okay you don't have the right parts
Is that what that Israel mode tells me?
Anyway Homeland Security Authority shut down the Port of Palm Beach
And evacuated surrounded neighborhoods yesterday after polly stopped two men of Middle Eastern descent
Who were driving from the seaport authority said
And they smiled by Curry is what I'm hearing
My kid Curry
FBI agents question the men and released them because they've been misidentified
And done absolutely nothing wrong in agency spokesman said
But of course we always are wondering are you sure?
We hope at the end of the day this will turn out to be just a very good exercise
Revivore of each mayor Michael Brown be saying
The incident started about 3 30 yesterday afternoon
My review of a speech police pulled over a car speeding in the 1700 block of old Dixie highway
The car carried three men to a Middle Eastern descent police said
Middle Eastern oh my god
Police ran a background check and the Arabic name of the driver popped up on a terrorist watch list
It popped up as a person of interest by law enforcement police spokesman Roseanne Brown said
When question further the men appear to evasive and change their answers to the same question
It just raised a lot of suspicions men told police
They have left three containers at the port considered one of the country's biggest terrorist targets
Along with the next door F.P.N.L. generating station
That's when the US Coast Guard closed down the port
Television stations broke in after ntalk shows to evoke the T-word
Had terrorist returned to the same county traversed by 12 of 19 men involved in the 9-11 attacks
Apparently the answer is no
Apparently not
By 5 p.m. law enforcement officials announced that the men in question was not the person on the terrorist list
By 6.15 they reopened the port
The men were US citizens of Jordanian descent who were shipping furniture by boat to the US Virgin Islands
How do you like that?
The FBI would not release their identities because they didn't do nothing wrong
And they don't want to have like a whole bunch of you folks out there chasing down just because they happen to be from Jordan
And a bunch of brown skin Arabs
Right? Right
So leave me alone
Where are they? For the time being
Mother up there somewhere in Jupiter
5.670560
Maybe we'll get some more names for our poll today the most underrated actress or maybe not
Come in a QA and hello
E-O
Yes sir
Have you heard the story about South Carolina grocery store and on the ice cream?
What does that have to do with E-O?
Well listen
E-O
It's about all the Ben and Jerry's ice cream that you're selling in the grocery store
Put in a pile and burned it and replaced the hog in the odds
Because he says Ben and Jerry's supports some sort of advertising of that
Well I've lost 11.5 pounds in the ice cream so we don't really care
Is that an exciting or what?
Have some Yahoo in South Carolina took out the Ben and Jerry's
What do we care about South Carolina baby?
Right they're animals anyway
Yeah let them lose their holes
5.6705
Well you people are going to they're on a totally different way of life today
I'm doing like always I'm doing one show and they're like at a whole different agenda going on
Which is fine with me
Because that clock is ticking maybe before you know it's going to be 12.30
And we're going to have that Marlon Free Game show come rain or shine or torrential down for us
Come to hell or high water man all the way up to Dave and Boris armpits
We're still having that game on
And if not we'll just drag out a tape and play an old one for you
Somebody QA him hello
Yes I wanted to speak to me
Speaking
Oh yes my husband and I are taking a trip to Amsterdam and we wanted to know if you know good hotels there
Yes
Like what hotels would be good?
Like the Barbizon Palace hotel would be good
Barbizon Palace?
Right or the Grand Prix of the Poleski or Betty yet called a travel agent
5.670560
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon how do you like that?
I thought she was going to ask me for a good McDonald's
There's one right there in the dam rack where they got their pet rat
Ben
I've been here a few times and they put mayonnaise on the fries
You'll be really impressed with that
Maybe even John Reef also will pop up there
I'll send a while but I doubt it
Barbizon Palace Grand Crasdipolski the Liorop Hotel which Freddie or Weston name Hynacan
Open that place you know that
He's dead, Freddie Hynacan right, dead
Somebody QA M question line hello
Don't hint you name Lai
Somebody QA M hello
QA M
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay
Good I want to put Linda Hamilton on your list
Okay
And I want to carry on a convention too
You know these conventions
You want to carry on a convention you hasn't been there he's speaking tonight
No I may say before the convention we're speaking of the convention
And all these people have to get his convention and they get really loud or
It really blows me away that people get so excited over this
Because you know they're pressed I mean
Because now they got I'd be impressive you know one of the Democrats won't get the Republican convention
And got them around us you know of course they're going to be around up there
They're there you know they're rooting for their guys
Yeah well guess what?
Watch something else then five six seven oh five sixty
I don't I was in a good mood I saw me here at the beautiful day
I don't want to hear all these South Florida complaints
What about the Ricky thing?
You know like the oh come on already where you get alive
One guy's complaining about some grocery store redneck in South Carolina took out the Ben and Jerry
This guy's all bent out of shape because people aren't getting whipped up enthusiastic about something that they care about
And I don't I don't want to hear anymore whining complaining okay
Because if there's one thing I can't say and it's whiners and complainers all right
How about some macaroni and cheese huh?
Good
Good
Good
The whiners remember that?
WQAM hello
Yeah I got a name for Neil Footh
Yes sir speaking
Neil yeah uh Penelope Ann Miller
Penelope Ann Miller
Yeah
Who's that?
She's um she's an actress I've been in a lot of movies
She was in movies with Al Pacino, Robert Canere, Robert Canere
You know who that is George?
Sure do
Penelope Ann Miller do we have a naked picture ever somewhere?
Yes
Well good we'll put it right on her okay thanks paly
Have a great day
See there's a real cough
He actually responded to our poll question today
Let's go for the end of the week
Yeah we got a good one
Here's the ballgame here's Dave Ann Boring
Wow that was pretty exciting
Mark that sound
WQAM hello
Hello I see
You want the WQAM hello
Hi how about uh Scroo Joe Hanson
She was in Lost in Translation
Okay
How about her how about Inga Marjo Hanson
Okay we got it thank you I love
Put anybody on her they want what do we care right
All right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all
all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right and 3 Linux and startup and
9 Linux and blockchain on our own components for cloudutral and we can open such a CPU and we can open large level and layer of people RAMbox ports for sold India and we can open little numbers for Which AWS shipped install Delta puts and l Silicon Valley on мо on it will store Android code all over lab applications for爸爸 and Android
coconut Loop to Google so, let's go with it to Google has our Amazon SaaS Radio mmm gaming gaming gaming
What ... All rightré has
All rightré's
Okay
瑩
FIS
There is exactly what I had in mind when I did the pool.
See what I mean?
Fine choice.
If anybody were to say, give me the top 10 actresses of all time,
very few people would say, Tad your shower.
But Rocky, the Godfather, all three parts.
Yep.
Now they will fear you.
She's great.
What else do we like her in?
She's in the know a few things.
Yes, she has.
But I forget.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I'm so glad I asked.
Well, no, I don't know.
I can't remember.
I've seen her around the blind.
Really things.
We could do.
Good old Connie.
1056.
And what about, what's her name?
Diane Keaton.
Is she underrated?
No, she's highly rated.
Yeah.
That's why I ask.
Because these seven people would say, well, how about Fei Dunway?
Well, of course not.
She's highly rated.
In fact, maybe in some cases, a little overrated.
Oh, I love Fei Dunway.
She was great at network.
But then again, I'm the only person who ever saw that movie.
Right?
I don't even know why I keep talking about network and how it feel and all that.
One of the great movies ever of all time.
And none of you can post out there.
Watch it.
You're busy watching Channel 7, the real thing.
1056 at 560 WQM is your company's suffering from regulation of decreased labor costs.
Well, let Oasis outsourcing help you.
When it comes to the people side of your business, payroll administration, Fortune 500 company
employee benefits, human resource services and risk management.
These are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business
be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands many facets of human
resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice,
which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis
outsourcing.
With Oasis outsourcing, make your business more profitable.
If you'd like a free evaluation with positively absolutely no obligation, call them at that
toll free number 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
I'm going to give Ricky a blow.
Baby's launch a couple missiles.
Torred a place we know.
Yes.
And a name on that of Bella.
Who's her name begins with O.
There's one thing we all understand.
Our first name, our beta will be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops, but special forces are
so tired of jumping through them who's at the top.
You don't only need another place.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Now play the needs and nuclear tanks.
Papu Garu, Ray White, don't need stop pussy food.
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
Absolutely.
All right.
Love it all too.
That's all those by the way that Franks you sent me.
It's interesting the practice tank connection with Mohammed Ahtah and the money that was
wired in 9-11 all this other stuff.
But it's an old spur.
Thank you very much anyway.
And I don't have to go back to the other four pages.
No, please don't.
I just had something extraordinarily important to pass along and just slipped my mind.
It was just like the end of the world it was so name important and it just slipped away.
Oh, and here's something important.
Don't forget to join George's this Saturday to report a repo motorsport segue.
A block north of San Colerwood on Dixie highway registered when a free segue human transportation device
not much you need the only one on your blocked ab one.
QMQDs will be there plus food provided by Atlantic City Sub-Turret Hour used to make the difference.
I'm here in a room or even here in Toronto that I was no longer in Atlantic City Sub.
Did you know that?
Cannot possibly be true.
Gene stapled and is kicking some serious ass.
You go eat it.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that was accurate.
88 votes.
Gene stable in 46 Francis McDormand 14.
And I was underrated actress radio or TV all time.
Helen Mirren 12th.
Joan Blondell 6th.
Tadja Shares got four already.
We love Tadja Shares.
Joan Allen 3, Linda Blair 3 and it's nobody else got nothing.
567 05 60.
Count 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget the very wildly popular Florida Marlins at 1230 with a pregame show.
Phillies at the Marlins at 105 is if Marlins will wrap up a four game sweep.
Well, I know what it was.
I was going to look during the break on the radar.
Look out the window that sitting right there by it.
Oh, look at that.
Well, I just don't want any thunderstorms that are developing around 12 o'clock or 1215.
So we wind up with some kind of old against been called off.
They're going to play that game if they have to wait till midnight.
All right.
Because I'm sure that Dave Ann Boring will just absolutely tickle your fancy with some assimilating story before the ballgame.
We are like a long rangel.
I think like a good long nap would be good.
WDQ Ann, hello.
WDQ Ann, hello.
I have the absolute definitive answer, Neil, for the ball question.
Absolutely.
Michelle Nichols, O'Houra from Star Trek.
Just think of all the years she had that little thing in her ear, always trying to handle Starfleet command.
That was unrecognized genius.
Fun?
Dailyable.
Okay, whatever you say.
Got it?
Oh, whatever that was.
Natalie Portman.
No, it says just kidding.
Seriously, Emma Thompson.
I'll put Natalie Portman under what's wrong with that?
Yeah, put him both under Natalie Portman and Emma Thompson.
Why is that just kidding?
I don't understand that.
But that's okay.
Just to help you kill a little bit of boredom, that's what we're trying to do because...
I have no right to say that.
We can empathize.
Those of us who spent a lot of time in Starfleet Da far too much time.
Michael Jackson accused him of imprisoning Boy and making video.
Do you see this?
Yes.
Talk about it yesterday?
No.
Then I will now.
A prosecutor said to get a pop star Michael Jackson enticed the young boy that imprisoned him
and his family and forced him to make a video absolving him of molestation claims.
The fire-read court presentation by Deputy District Attorney Gordon Ockin-Claus wasn't
at the Jackie Kennedy family, the Ockin-Claus wasn't at them?
I thought that was that thing that you and Zach were talking about.
No, no, seriously, that was their name.
That was her maiden name.
Jacklyn Bouvier Ockin-Claus or somebody who...
Somebody tell us who that is.
Offie Coleman?
Shut up.
Company.
This seriously, that man is as useless as Humano's breast on a ballpoint pen.
Attorney District Attorney Gordon Ockin-Claus disclosed for the first time the prosecution's theory of its conspiracy case against Jackson.
Clinton, he panicked after a TV show threatened to destroy his career by linking him with obsession with young boys.
Ockin-Claus made his allegation of the hearing about the defense most to dismiss the case.
The fact that Mr. Jackson rationalized this behavior on national television was his downfall Ockin-Claus.
It represented a complete and utter ruin of his empire, made him an object of an international loathing and scorn.
Ockin-Claus said that Jackson said his private jet to take the family to his Neverland ranch and worse them away to vacations and luxury resorts.
Defense attorney Thomas Mesero Jr. derided the entire prosecution cases absurd on its face and demanded dismissal ball charges.
Jackson was not in court.
In a TV documentary broadcast in February 2003, Jackson defended his habit of letting children sleep in his bed as sweet.
And non-social, the accuser was seen in the video.
You're taken to be.
Ockin-Claus detailing a number of the over-adxing the indictment which have been kept secret until now suggests that Jackson actually lured the alleged victim to his bed after the video was shown on television.
The person Jackson perceived could put out public relations fire with John Doe and his family to prosecute her, said referring to the alleged victim.
If he could get them on tape describing Mr. Jackson as a wonderful person that would quell this fire, Ockin-Claus had then Jackson then began to witness the young boy with booze.
Everybody wants to get saved and live forever drink somebody Jesus to.
Clicce of it for a squeeze.
Exactly.
Right out of Jesus to a toe cheese.
5, 6, 7, 0.
I wonder if Jesus had toe jam, you think?
Are you kidding or they're all back in the day man?
No, it's sandals and back in those days where name like nasty sandals walking around in the desert.
Golly.
Who?
Probably had corns too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How long is it going?
Too bad they didn't have Dr. Shoals back in the day.
WQA Am Hello.
You know I got one for you Paul.
Yes sir.
Paul Dez from the Chambalona world.
Is Dave Endware ready yet?
How about the moves to you? Is he ready?
WQA Am Hello.
I know how are you?
I'm great.
Do you like James Garner as an actor?
He's okay.
Did you see him in that movie?
The notebook is pretty good.
No.
Especially the very handle and they both die together.
That's pretty good.
Oh don't do that now.
Okay.
I guess nobody else is going to see it now either.
What does that have to do with anything?
I guess we're going back to Lassooth again, doing the actors again.
In fact, he should have been on there.
I thought a somebody else should have been on it.
Let's last weekend, it slipped my mind.
Oh you know who it was?
I give up.
Because we did that before with the thing with the actors.
Joseph Cotton.
Yeah.
I realize that's only for old parts like me and Volka Brian,
all of you know who that is.
Yeah.
You don't agree?
No, I like Josie Cotton.
I'm saying that song Johnny.
No, no, no, seriously.
Joseph Cotton, you know who that is.
I do.
He was in lots and lots of great movies and he was a fabulous, fabulous actor.
And yet if you ask people to top 10, 20 actors of all time,
probably almost nobody would mention Joseph Cotton,
because most of us remember that our did.
Somebody QAM Hello.
Neil?
Yes sir.
Neil, how are you today?
Sensational.
Go ahead, my...
Same...
Same here I'm not happy to add.
I have nothing but compliments and good news for you buddy.
Okay.
Hey, I'm heading out of South Florida.
All I do enjoy coming down here occasionally.
B, I'm literally like north of Cocoa Beach
and still getting your signal pretty well,
which is kind of a rarity.
I don't know, maybe the wind is blowing on the right direction.
No, George Corsa went out there and peed on the tower over last weekend.
No, I've still got you clear as a proverbial bell.
That's why it's coming in so good.
And I had to ask a little bit of what I'm hearing.
Well, places heading back to a hot topic of the day today.
South Carolina.
Oh boy, don't get me no Ben and Jerry's there man.
Actually the truth about South Carolina is I'll give you a couple examples.
I was in New York State, not too popular in the rural stopping ground.
Buffalo Rochester area.
Oh, don't say Buffalo and Rochester in the same breath please.
This Rochesterians get a very peered about that.
Yeah, it's all my brother lives there so an engine.
And you know, a New York state, you can't use a cell phone in Florida,
you can't smoke in a bar.
You know, what thing about South Carolina is we may burn across or two,
but you know there's still a few civil liberties that they still allow us to have.
So you know, you know, they only did was they stepped into some of those civil liberties
you're talking about for things like civil rights and things like that.
So you know, it's good for that.
You know, you know, it's given take.
Yeah.
And lastly, my vote for underrated actress.
Yes.
I mean, she's more known for her popularity, I guess other than her acting,
actressing ability, but can I add a math name into the list?
Oh, not her.
No, no thanks.
I knew it would end sooner or later.
Jennifer Tilly or Amanda Plummer.
I put them both on there.
Okay, two good choices there I would say.
No, Kim DeKristhover Plummer or Liquid Plummer.
567 or Mr. Plummer, pound 560 on a 18T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget we got the Marlin Game of 1230 pregame.
You got the Humper after the game, the 7th known from whatever the game ends till 7th.
Then we got the Brock Solid.
They set it at 7 to 10, which we apologize profusely for that,
because you don't belong on the year for 10 seconds.
And any chance at 10 o'clock tonight, a star set it on up for you,
including the ballgame on there.
And they will play that game.
Trust me.
It may be raining like buckets full wherever the hell you are.
We don't care, all right?
Don't play the whole game in a rain.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil.
I'll nominate Louise Fletcher.
Oh, what a good choice.
Okay.
I love her.
Thank you.
Uh-huh.
Louise Fletcher, that's a magnificent choice.
Nurse Ratchet.
I'm sorry, Miss Ratchet.
She was Nurse Ratchet, but he called her Miss Ratchet, right?
She did.
And now he was firing on her ass.
And that was so that that's my favorite scene in that movie.
Well, no, there's so many great scenes.
Can't pick just one.
Do you see fruit?
Yes, I do.
That was good.
And of course, I want my singer with Miss Ratchet.
Chesswick, he just died.
What a shame.
And so did Jason Miller, who played this morning on Scream TV.
You heard the audio out of that thing.
I was watching about the Exorcist, all three movies.
And the interview Jason Miller played father Damien Curris, or guess what, he died too.
A lot of that going around.
I've lost 11 and a half pounds in last three weeks and two days.
And down to 188, man, I'm feeling great.
I'm doing it.
My blood sugar was sensational.
I'm eliminated almost all my blood sugar medication to take like a half a pill.
And my blood pressure was fantastic and sensational.
By the time I get back to town, the end of August, I'm going to be a shadow of my former self.
And people like Zach and Fat Boy and Beast like that are going to say, oh gee, how did you do that?
Well, my mother died is what it was.
So there's something to think about, George.
Uh-huh.
I think you know what I'm all done.
But I'm sure you have many other neuroses.
George saw that story about the least baby food with a rice and a wistening gtube.
I didn't happen a couple of years ago.
We don't do baby food.
But it's good to start it.
1113 at 560 WQM.
Hey, the deals are heating up now.
And the 2004 model year is winding down.
If you're really sick and tired of that old gas facility driving,
if you want a new car truck that will give you dependability and reliability,
then get over to Armstrong Toyota of Homestead today.
You'll find them on US1 just 20 minutes chance of the 836.
And no matter where you are, it's well worth the drive because they're going to save you thousands on great new Toyota's.
Right now, Armstrong Toyota of Homestead is clear now.
All remaining O4s and passing fantastic unbeatable savings on you.
You can lease an O4 Camry, at least today in 48 months,
least as 279 a month with no money down.
If you're looking for a great truck, how about the Toyota Tacoma 4x4?
It can be yours and you get a thousand dollars cash back from Toyota.
If you're looking for the hottest new cars around this is the place.
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead locally owned and operated.
They're fantastic to business with.
Their service departments have been laid to late.
We've nights to make sure they get all your work done for you.
And these folks with the first dealers in town or anywhere to offer your free tires and batteries,
for life, and now they're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life.
That is correct.
Tires, batteries, and free parts for life, nobody be doing that.
So you won't be getting a better deal on Toyota anywhere in town in this joint.
So even if it's a little bit of a drive for you, it's well worth the drive.
No phone, e-dails, no BS, no bait and swish.
Just low unbeatable prices every day, 365 days a year.
For a sensational deal, see David Ritz, the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
You'll find them at US1 and 2.93rd Street in Homestead.
Drive a little and save a ton on your new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
My vehicle local takes 65, 60, radius all yours.
Killin'.
Locked up.
Locked up.
Locked up.
Maltes do it live.
In court, she will strive.
She'll be in the house.
She'll be in the house.
She'll be in the house.
She'll be in the house.
She'll be in the house.
She'll be in the house.
She'll be in the house.
She'll be doing top.
She'll be doing top.
One of the 19 to 560s, that was going to be another great one for our poll.
How did we take this long to get to this?
Let me give you a clue.
Ellen Burston.
Of course.
She's Burston.
How could we forget her?
Out of sight, out of mind.
One of the best.
Speaking of the exorcist, see how the exorcist keeps coming back over and over again.
You can't get away from that baby.
Linda Blair is mourning on Scream TV.
Then we have somebody nominate the Linda Blair for the thing we're doing here.
Right?
Right.
How come I can't for all there it is, it's under EX.
Sorry, no.
I beg your pardon?
I'm choking on my sandwich here.
Well, maybe we need an exorcism.
If you're born to tears this weekend, go to a...
Yes, syndicated.
What's that?
Go to one of those video stores.
Do not go to Blockbuster because we hit them like poison in the end of the movies.
And they censor all of your crap.
But go to a real video store and pick up the exorcist.
Do not get exorcist 2 or 3 God forbid.
George C. Scott plays the Elegia Cobbroll in the Exorcist 3, which really pisses me off.
Because George C. Scott, who used to be a great actor, then became a real...
Is he dead, I hope?
Yes.
Is he?
Right, we talked about it.
Oh, good.
Because I mean, that's a terrible thing to say, but I'm just...
I got tired of him.
And what was his Trish van der Van der Mir, van der Veeer, whatever his wife's name,
the young broad that he murdered?
Van der Mir.
And he just...
He became a legend in his own mind.
He just got to be really very marginal.
And for him to play a role that was played by Elegia Cobb,
the time that he did Exorcist 3, but now George C. Scott is...
So what comes around goes around.
He ain't no lead-j-cobb.
I'm not sure what anybody...
Oh, you couldn't say that.
George C. Scott won the great actor's of all time.
Yeah, your mama.
He was good in the hospital and Patton.
And what was the movie with that really cheesy movie Reds?
Was that it?
I never saw Reds with Warren Beatty.
No, no, maybe it wasn't Reds.
It was the one with Timothy Hutton, where he was a military school.
Oh, Dips.
Taps, hats, reds, blues, whatever.
Everybody was in that one.
Tom Cruise.
He was...
I don't know.
Oh, he was also...
Yeah, the porn movie.
The porn movie he was in.
He was in a firestarter.
No, it was the porn movie he was in, where his daughter was in a hardcore.
Hardcore.
Hardcore, very good.
We liked George C. Scott until he became a fool.
He became a fat and sloppy and a real fool.
But when you get fat and sloppy, people like laugh at you, you know what I mean?
Exactly.
Exactly.
Chris B. Cream, speak of that.
I don't like Getsack.
Oh, I hear Jennifer Jason leave somebody.
Says, get that on the right away.
She's on the right.
She's on the right.
Chris B. Cream, facing SEC probe.
Now, how many donuts do you think are like in a box?
Are there like a dozen?
Depends on the box, but typically, yeah.
And a Chris B. Cream box.
I bet you, if you brought a dozen, Chris B. Cream's in there right now.
The Josh could eat him by noon.
If he was here.
Where'd he go?
To the baseball game.
I mean, I was saying...
I mean, I was saying Josh was in there.
By then, what will we do with the other 35 minutes?
Yeah.
Chris B. Cream donuts said today that the Securities and the Exchange Commission is conducting
an informal inquiry into its earnings warning and the companies repurchase their franchises.
How do you like that?
Not our friends at Chris B. Cream.
Chris B. Cream has no higher priority than the confidence of our shareholders, customers,
and employees, said Chairman and Chief Executive Scott live in good.
While we're confident in our practices, we understand and respect the SEC's responsibilities.
We'll continue to cooperate fully throughout this process.
In May, Chris B. Cream reported that it lost $24.4 million in the first quarter.
Its first quarterly loss is going public in 2000.
And of course, they're blaming all of this because of the high-calorie treats,
which the company attributes in part to the low-carb-die phenomenon.
People want low-carb, but supposedly before the end of the year,
they're coming out with low-carb donuts, supposedly.
Wow. Those are the taste really good.
What's the further you have?
The announcement drove its stock price down.
On several shareholders lawsuits, we're suddenly filed against the company
and morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange today,
Chris B. Cream shares were down a little over $2 or 11% at $16.65.
And you can buy a lot of donuts for $16.65.
And bring them over there to Zack.
He'll die with a real big smile on his purse.
Hurry.
Woffee last.
Damn.
That's it. Bring in a couple of dozen Chris B. Creams for Zack.
Now for anybody else,
and why don't you have a Zack attack right there in the studio, where I'm Josh's chair?
Of course, you know, when you die, you do something else under chair too,
but we don't want to get into that.
You fall.
Think into that.
Look at W.I.O.D. the way they're dying.
Rating came out yesterday.
George gave me like a little thumbnail rundown in the fact that we kicked some unbelievable bloody ass
in the spring rating book, thank goodness.
We're number one, damn it.
We bet you're sweet ass.
Now why do I have, I thought I had this all put together here.
Well, I see, this is persons 25.
Well, we don't care about that.
How many women we got listening?
About 30 men.
We have any women listening.
And isn't it kind of, it's almost scandalous.
When we started on QAM with a show, we had, you know, about our 1.5 to 2 share of women
in 2554, which is what we usually had in I.O.D., you know, maybe a 2 share.
Which isn't great, right?
But women don't listen to AM radio number one, and number two, it's a sports station.
But, well, I'm going to tell you, if we got a, I don't know, when a whole book comes in,
we'll take a look at that.
I bet you we don't even have a 0.5 in women.
Right?
Speaking of a 0.5, your good friend, Jeff DeForest has got a 0.5 on KIFTL, a 50.
Whatever they call it, I think?
Live, 85.
Live, 85.
And that's how many people they got listening, 85, and some of them are alive.
So these ones got a 0.5.
And Bill O'Reilly.
The O'Reilly, I know what I was going to say before, and I forgot about it.
It was about Al Franken being on last night speaking of whiny people.
Aaron Brown, how's this for a Quinoa?
Well, Aaron Brown and Al Franken, I have never seen, ah, ah, ah.
Well, why do you think I have people out of Florida, come and say, ah, ah.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
A lot of people like Al Franken is a humorous, is a writer, is all of these things, but man, as a broadcaster,
even if somebody could just speak, right?
Well, even Bob Woodward seems lively compared to Al Franken with his secretary.
Holy moly, Al Franken is a whiny and just can't speak and he's not.
He wasn't even responding to the question there.
He went through this long pond where I thought I was going to go into a coma,
and then finally, even whiny Aaron Brown, while getting back to the question,
was you didn't answer Al?
Oh, man.
Anyway, anybody else said he was, oh, I know what we want to talk about,
which I don't know if you mentioned it yesterday, but Paul and Nancy had run.
They suck.
Huh?
You're slushed?
Yeah, I'm going to mention that after the, I want to talk just a little bit about this,
because it's not a trend, it's a full rating book, and I know the audience out there
love and don't give a flying craft.
I mentioned it in passing, wouldn't it?
Right, Paul and Old Ron, even Jinks and Tinks, they're from Jacksonville,
and they're like, the advice guys, even Lexington Schmecks,
pinch red, even they'd be that Paul and Old Ron, that's quite a, that's quite a day in the,
out of the box, yeah.
Right out of the box, which is, what's in the box?
26th past 11 at 5, 60 W, come on, by the way, Ben Affleck,
and all those rumors about Ben Affleck and Matt Damon,
it's because I got a call they told me, I'm already through there true,
no, I didn't start them.
No, they're true.
Okay, I'm positive.
I mean, Ben Affleck, who's been all over the Democratic Convention like a stink on Schmitt,
I mean, he's been, he's just a flamer.
When you, when you see these phony celebrity romances, like,
somebody will tell us also who Nick Carter supposedly was hanging with here lately,
he was going to, well, marry, I don't remember who was, ridiculous thing.
Nick Carter, floats like a butterfly,
stinks like a Ben Affleck, huh?
Things like a thing?
Yeah.
Hey, if you're tired of hearing about the low-carb epidemic that's going on,
I know certainly that people at Krispy Kremey too happy about it.
If you try to cook for it and then wasted money,
hated the food and didn't even get the results you were looking for,
we've talked you about balance for life for some time now as a very intelligent alternative.
They've come with an unbelievable way.
They're able to afford the program for five dollars off the regular daily price.
Now, this is not a special list, this is for real.
A lifetime membership, too, balanced for life.
Anytime you want to enjoy their service, you can resign at the membership price.
What if I told you that you could have a company prepare you three delicious meals
and two great snacks every day?
What if I told you that all the meals are based on the successful zone diet by Brian Sears?
What if I told you to even deliver right to your doorstep?
What if I told you that they give you a menu so you can make your own choices?
And by the way, they're the only company that does that.
What if I told you that you will lose weight, that you will lower your cholesterol,
that you will lower your blood pressure and it will help your diabetes as well?
It may sound good to me, too, but it is true because we got loads and loads of people in this audience
and all over the place who are losing weight like crazy with balance for life.
In fact, people on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds a month.
You could sure afford to lose 15 pounds a month.
Couldn't you, Zach?
Yep.
So why?
You are such a fat turd.
Why wait, call right now, toll free, call 1-866-225-4543.
That's 1-866-225-4543 or even easier, check them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
We are sports radio fighters.
UAM.
Seven-night on CBS.
Eat it, it is back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Oh, looky death.
If you name John Jallow-Weez.
Daddy, don't be such a pro.
See, now what have happened to my little girl?
Look at you.
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe you have a salad once in a while.
Daddy, don't you know how many the worst people have never had a decent meal?
Again, with its charity Spirits.
Well, it's true.
So why don't you send them the bones from the turkey your head for breakfast?
I want a bowl.
Oh, I feel warm and happy.
Oh, gee!
I feel good!
Do you think that you are, gee, was pushing up days?
Oh, no, I want you.
The land's definitely so with all the bad trees.
You seem so bad to me.
Who was it back there, baby?
It was today, you know, he didn't get me in a bid.
Like playing a hammer, sorry, all in the family.
Seven-night on CBS.
Rock to you by IBS Home Carstine in school,
where you can learn auto mechanics,
deadly dance.
Oh, that's it.
You guys will show more fair.
They love Jean Stamble not hitting it right now.
It's 11.30.30.QA, and we got less than an hour to go.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Till tomorrow I'm free game show.
I'm looking at the Miami radar, and we got good news.
Oh, right.
Oh, yeah, I just came up from the outside.
Well, not outside, but, you know, by a window.
Right.
Blue skies.
It's fine.
Blue skies.
The game is on, baby.
In fact, the huge blob arena went through it.
It's like heading for Cuba right now.
I think it's going to take a big dump right on Fidel's ass.
And off to the east and southeast, it's like,
just a little scattered smear over like the Bahamas here,
and nothing.
Because I'm looking at the old fruit loop on there right now.
No more tickets at the Shell Station.
You can forget about that.
Don't forget to join Presidenti imported beer and QM today.
6-8 at the Wind Dixie tonight.
67-01 South-40th Street Miami stop by to spin the wheel for more Marlin tickets.
And other prizes.
6 o'clock tonight at Wind Dixie at 67th Bird Road.
And thank you, whoever affects this information in.
Hugh Okenklaus was the step brother of Jackie,
who we at Kennedy, say, I told you, that was it all in the family.
And I think also, Gord Vidal was related somewhat,
because he was related to her as well.
And all those blue nose aristocrats from New England.
She was a slut.
We have to face the very real possibility that the president of the United States
is looming tunes, as a long time,
as a view of people of a political consultant,
who, for obvious reasons, asked not to be identified.
That's not good for my candidates.
It's not good for the party.
And certainly not good for the country.
He said, in other words,
and they're giving them all kinds of medication
to try to calm his ass down.
During the break there, I heard my cell phone ringing in the other room.
I thought, who would have what would be calling me?
And I go in there and look at the number.
It's an 800 number.
Yeah.
How about that?
Solicitors calling on my freaking cell phone,
which are very rarely used.
How do you like their maples?
They get you everywhere.
How about going?
Gene Stable, then, got 67.
Nobody's going to catch eat it.
Francis McDormand, 27, the most underrated actress,
movie or TV all time.
Helen Mirren, 16, Natalie Portman, 10,
Joan Bladell, 8, Emma Thompson, 6,
Talia Sharers, got 7.
Jennifer Tilly's got the 7.
Linda Blair's got the 5.
Joan Allen 4.
Jennifer Gation Lee 4.
Linda Hamilton 3.
Amanda Plummer 2.
Penelope Ann Miller 2.
Ellen Verstens only got 1.
Scarlett Johnson 1.
Luis Pledge, you don't have any.
Oh my God.
That is scandalous.
Don't you think it is?
They probably don't know who that is.
They don't know.
Well, why not?
They're stupid.
Oh, I see.
5.670560, pound 560 on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Line,
lost record of vote in 02 Florida Race Concerns 04,
races of concern.
I'm sure you talked about this.
Oh, yeah, at late.
Almost all the electronic records from the first widespread use of
touchscreen voting in Dave County have been lost,
stoking concerns that the machines are unreliable as the
presidential election draws near.
The records disappeared after two computer system crashes
last year.
County of Elections official said leaving no audit trail for
the 2002 gubernatorial primary.
A citizens group uncovered the loss earlier this month after
requesting all audit data from that election.
A county official said a new backup system would prevent electronic voting data
from being lost in the future.
But members of the citizens group, Miami data election reform coalition
said the malfunction understored the vulnerability of electronic voting records
and wiped out data that might have shed light on what problems
if any still existed with touchscreen machines in Dave County.
The group supplied the results of its request of the New York Times.
This shows that unless we do something now or it may be very well
be too late, Florida said it toward being the next Florida.
Kind of worded the well.
In other words, I said, leader Rodriguez Taseff,
an attorney who's chairwoman of the coalition.
Florida said it toward being the next Florida.
Alrighty then.
Well, as she didn't say very well,
in other words, it's going to be the same crap we had four hours ago.
That would mean that I stopped.
After he disputed 2000 presidential election,
anyway, Michael Moore says he's going to be scrutinizing Florida elections.
He's coming on down.
In fact, you better watch it, Jack, because I would stock up on
my crispy creams right now because once Michael Moore gets in town,
there won't be any leftover for you.
I guarantee that could be seldom told that make a fortune.
You can bet your fan ass on that.
Fahrenheit and I love until maker Michael Moore promised yesterday
to train his cameras on Florida Duck on Election Day
to prevent a repeat of what some Democrats call the
stolen election of 2000.
I am committed.
I'm coming to Florida.
Moore said to loud cheers from Democrats at the Florida delegation
breakfast in Boston.
Together we will guarantee to every Floridaian that their vote will be counted this year.
Moore's promise comes amid mounting criticism and concerns
about the accuracy of the touchscreen voting machines.
That replaced Florida's punch card ballots and questioned about Florida's ability
to hold fair elections four years after the debacle of 2000.
In Boston Democrats listed a litany of complaints about Florida's election system this year,
ranging from criticism of the state's creation of a new possible fell on voter list
by containing accuracies, the concerns about electronic voting machines
that do not have paper trails that can be manually recounted into allegations of
voter intimidation in 2000.
In Dave County, County officials confirmed a report in the New York Times yesterday
that the electronic records of the Democratic Humanitrile Primary
between General Reno and Bill McBride have been largely lost because of
the 2003 competitor, a computer credit like a dissent.
And, until a hazy governor, Jeff Bush, took notice and assigned his own
press secretary to handle the criticism, state election officials are headed
today to investigate.
Right, he wants to investigate, like sending the frauds to grab the chicken
to that fat ass governor of yours who how anybody could have voted for
at Schmuck just boggles the mind.
How is that possible that anybody could have been so stupid?
Now, if you notice since you don't know who he is even,
but we didn't have one call about Barack Obama, right?
Who will be president one day?
I'm telling you that right now, or at least vice president, for start.
His speech on Tuesday night was send, stationally, was great.
What's your courtesy?
You should assume it.
WQA, and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You can't listen to Joe Rose, the end of Joe Rose's show today.
No.
He, uh, that's Tony Guy, we're trying to promote his thing.
Oh, it's Reverend Jones again.
How do you like it?
Now he's talking about himself in the third person.
Woo-hoo.
That's Tony Guy.
Well, listen, he's probably looking in the mirror right now.
Find a way our friends, the Dick Fimbler said, don't ever come back to
Pumpkin O' Parker, they'll horse whip you, OK?
They'll send Mickey McNickle after you with a whip.
Oh, I'm speaking of obnoxious people.
But what's interesting is that in an era,
in a something that's a great pull question.
Maybe you want to do that.
Who's the most obnoxious person on TV?
Richard Quest, Mo Rocco, there are two new ones for it.
Oh, God.
You've got to see a Mo Rocco that is.
Zach, have you seen that creature on there?
Yep.
20-chall-noon at 560.
Now do you understand what it was like to that WQR on vacation?
I didn't show it, Zach.
Do you understand?
Nope.
Yep.
You know?
Yep.
Wow.
Anyway, if your hair is fallen out in trumps or maybe just,
you've got a little ball spot growing and you want to fill it in,
look great.
Charles Alfieur, it can do either.
In fact, if your bald is a bowling ball,
Charles is the guy you want to see because for more than 35 long,
excruciating years, Charles has been taking care of guys' heads.
He's appeared on Good Morning America.
They're today showing CBS Morning News, introducing his pan-ded hair system.
That's the best looking in the university.
And most amazing natural-hirline system ever invented.
Keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system of any piece is that
hairline.
If it looks real like it's real hair growing out of your scalp,
it looks like a munch.
If it looks like a munch rat's out on your head or it looks like a munch
of straw that fell out of a barn while they just laughed their ass off at you.
And Charlie gives you this 30-day guarantee.
Dr. D'Man.
You try his system for a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
But return it for a full refund.
So you have nothing loose but that ugly ball spot that makes you look old and not so great.
And Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems while you wait, including shampoo and trim.
So don't wait, call Charlie Day and change your life forever toll free.
It's 1-800-321-2413.
Forget about those toes and potions, those dead munch crats.
You want to look really like a munch.
This is the way to do it.
Call Chuck Alphierry 1-800-321-2413.
Log on to their world famous website, chowlsalphierry.com.
I am little.
This is 420-0-86.
You weigh in.
Suck it in and hold it.
Ricky Williams said goodbye to football.
Ricky, how can you do this?
I want to stroke your legs and slip your track with my greasy nose.
But if you rather slow-cased cliff now I'm pulling up my line for the season.
Dash my hopes of memory through.
Here's well open my eyes.
For no, with their reason.
I like bustle-tivered news.
There's a way, see, to my trailer.
And then I find you no longer here.
You've got to take my life as a failure.
And hold the hearts of all those force-quakes.
And hold those fist and sides.
How did they become?
It's your toes I've walked in by now.
All they have no hope for sides.
Back to life's full-way hero.
It was like this.
Now only Sharks won't sleep in the sea.
Fourteen to noon.
At five sixty W.M.E.
It's a beautiful thing.
Ricky, and who do you care about the most?
I would say neither one of you won.
Is that new?
Yeah.
It's probably down in your lobby.
I'm sure you have it.
I doubt it.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of actors and actresses, actor Anthony Anderson.
You know who that is?
Oh, he appeared in films Me, Myself, and Irene, and Barbershop.
Black dude.
Okay.
All right, yeah, I don't know who that is.
He was charged yesterday with aggravated rape.
After a woman told her 30, she was assaulted on the set of a movie.
Anderson, 33, and Wayne Whitterspoon, 42, both of L.A.,
were taken into custody to the Internet after the woman reported the assault.
Said Steve Schurr, the relation to the former dolphin coach,
Shelby County Sheriff's Department and Public Affairs Officer,
Anderson was in Memphis shooting a film title, Hustle and Flow.
Whitterspoon was working on the film's crew.
Charging and refining against both men yesterday afternoon,
Schurr said Bond was expected to be set at 20 grand for each man.
They'll be here in general.
Sessions Court this morning quoted Jennifer Donalds,
Communications Director for the Shelby County DA's office.
Schurr said the crew had been shooting at the Shelby County Correctional Center,
a work farm for jail inmates, and the assault allegedly occurred at the state,
at the site, at the production unit, too, today.
Schurr said an extra toll, that could be,
that she was lured into a production trailer by Whitterspoon.
She told authorities that Anderson was already in the trailer,
and that both men sexually assaulted her, Schurr said.
Witnesses reported seeing the woman leave the trailer screaming,
and without any clothes on, huh?
Screaming.
Kind of like that, that hacking guy.
Is that man he's right or something?
Yeah, why not do that?
I don't know. I like that one.
I just felt like it.
What's his name?
It's Jeffrey Hacking.
What's his name?
Michael Hacking.
O.J. Hacking.
The woman was taken by hospital authorities,
would not say if she had been released.
Spurr said for Anderson, their late release,
the brief statement went, they sang the actor absolutely dies,
the heinous, heinous charges that were made against him.
He's a happily married family man, who's never been accused of such crap.
In addition, 19 movie critics, Anderson co-created and started a TV sitcom,
all about the Anderson's on the WWE channel.
Got the other on it.
There you go.
Another famous actor in trouble.
Another unusual?
Oh, yeah, never happens.
5'6'7'0'5'60, pound 5'60' on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Things are setting up just fantastic for this afternoon's ballgame.
See, had parents in there getting all, all bent out of shape.
Oh, it's raining and I think we may have to do an extra hour and a half.
No chance, sweetheart.
No chance.
But as much chance am I doing that today is you getting laid some time this year.
I'm Josh Beckett.
WDQ Am, hello.
I'm Dr. Neal.
Speaking.
Oh, hi, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Just called to confirm that yes indeed, Ira no longer said the Atlantic should be here.
Oh, no, are you kidding me?
About 45 days ago.
I'll be them.
I haven't found out where he's moved on to.
But second thing I wanted to ask is, you've seen Fahrenheit 9.11.
Yes, stop.
Why is it that there were no senators that showed up to sign all these people's predictions?
You mean including John Edwards and John Kerry?
Yes, Nelson and everybody else.
I mean, any senator could assign that, right?
Yeah.
I guess the one.
No balls, man.
No balls.
No, man.
Where is Nelson?
Right.
It's unbelievable.
We got Neal, too, man.
And when I, and Ira, I'll let you know.
Give me a big kiss for us.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Yeah.
Where was Bill Nelson?
Where was Bobby Graham?
That's it.
It's kind of the same philosophy now.
You know, the Democratic Party decided, well, we don't want to continue doing this.
And for the good of the country, we'll just let it go.
Right.
And of course, there was Gore himself standing up there presiding over the session.
Did that not make you want to cry?
It made you want to scream.
Not cry.
It made you want to scream.
What is wrong with you, man?
And he's gabbling in the shouting them down and shutting them up, etc. and so on.
While they're trying to do like a real cubic servant say, hey, this.
This was a fraud, baby.
That's a problem.
I mean, you want, if you're a, you know, to the left of Hitler, then you certainly are probably
going to vote for Kerry or at least to hope that he wins.
But the fact that the matter is the Democratic Party for all the hoopla this week
at the convention is so weak need and yellow, yellow belly, then libert and all these other things.
Which is why they're trying, oh, we don't want to make any personal attacks.
We don't want to be shrill and throw.
Why not?
If there's been a time in history of this country where we've got this rampant fascism going on,
where we have an illegal war based on a pack of lies that there's no question about,
then it's right now.
And instead, well, we want to rise above that and provide a positive message.
It was why Edwards was on there last night.
And for all the hoopla about it, I didn't hear anything new.
I didn't hear anything really strong.
I just, you know, he looks fine.
You know, he looks like a guy.
He does a canned spam speedy.
Looks like a 51-year-old guy who looks about 40.
Okay, more power to him, especially when his wife was about 51 looking 80.
When she comes on there with her Teresa Heinz hairdo,
and I do think that Teresa may have been heavily medicated when she made her speech on Tuesday night.
Ah, who cares?
That's the rumor.
That hair man has just got to go.
Of course, when he worth a billion dollars, right.
She said she don't look her hair ain't quite as good as what's on Edwards' wife thing.
Oh, I don't know.
Bill.
Yeah, Bill is Bill's, but he's trying to catch up as what she said.
That was bad.
How come they make the Heinz ketchup now and those upside down bottles?
How many years they've been doing that?
About 30, man.
That's the greatest idea since sliced bread.
Yeah.
They make it bottles upside down with it.
At least with the baby.
Don't get that watery stuff at the top.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Ah.
See, I don't eat ketchup.
Do you want to know why?
The ketchup's for oil?
No.
It's loaded with, oh, carbs.
Sugar.
Yeah.
That's what carbs is loaded with sugar.
In fact, if you look on the label on Heinz ketchup or, uh, hunts or any other ones, you'll
find a lot of azucada in there.
But I don't eat sugar anymore.
No more.
I just mentioned that.
I want to get Zach upset.
I don't eat sugar at all.
I love sugar.
I love sugar.
You're going to die.
We'll bring you a couple of flowers.
You'll say, you know, he was a pretty good guy.
He didn't have much to say and he couldn't speak.
Because, is, see, your vocal cords are being, the reason you have such trouble speaking is
because your vocal cords are being choked by a sea of fat inside your throat.
We'll get a nice bouquet of doda's for his conversation.
Yeah, that would be good.
We'll get a crispy cream bouquet to stick right on your tombstone.
How's that?
I like it.
Watch your back, Zach.
I want to tell you that right now.
Absolutely.
56670560, pound 560 on it.
Is anybody going to talk about Barack Obama?
Man.
I saw a cartoon where it was, I guess it was in the National Post-It this morning, where, uh,
they showed a picture of the TV.
He was on, and there was, uh, Obama speaking of the convention here tonight.
And one of the president's aides at San Diego, all it looks like they finally found Obama.
Oh, for real.
Yeah, we had to think about it.
I was like, oh, for like a boy.
Yeah.
Huh?
Well, what do you know Obama from Osano?
From Abu Garo.
Right now, either.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, you know how you doing?
Pretty good, Palli.
Uh, I met you guys many moves ago when I was a good looking young man at the objorge's age.
Back in college, just every way.
You bought a core vet from us.
Okay, great.
Uh, just come on, let you get on your own.
One thing that's on my mind, I was in my love house last night, I was watching Spanish TV.
And they got, uh, all these marbles, candidates are out there.
And my god, what up?
Deca Cards, we got the shoes from here in Miami.
All right, Papa Wampalu.
Yeah.
I want to hear your views on that.
I'll hang up on, see what you think about that.
Okay.
I don't.
567-0560.
I think that got one to date.
Yeah.
What was that all about?
He met me.
He sold me a card collection, uh, the collection or whatever, a core vet.
I don't think I ever bought a core vet at the collection.
Now, what he said, or would he say some sort of relief to you?
Or whatever?
Whatever he said.
I kind of tune it out when you're being picked up, you know.
I see.
And excuse fouling bushes busted by the 9-11 reports is Robert's year.
Do I have time to read this whole thing?
Not now, I know.
Maybe in the last 10.
We only got like 35 minutes into a free game show.
Oh, no.
I think we're getting screwed in tattoo.
Oh.
That's bad.
Anybody believe it?
No.
No, you're right.
Hey, listen, we deserve, like I said, a little less work, a lot more money.
Everybody made bonus this time.
Even Clarex are a little league program director, so that you got a bonus.
Don't point this one.
Finger at me.
Yeah.
It's not a finger suite, all right.
I felt like a finger.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And here I thought that was on vacation.
Pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget to join Little George this Saturday.
Big big event happening Saturday.
I'm not even not sure why, but I guess there's been a lot of money.
So I think they are, yeah.
Okay.
Well, if there's been a lot of money, we're here to promote and give all kinds of freebies and encourage and et cetera.
Join George Saturday, two-till-forward, Revis Motorsports Segway, a block north of Sanford Road on Dixie Highway.
We're registered in a free Segway human transportation device.
The QM QIs will be there, plus food provided by Atlantic City Sub's, where I were used to make the difference,
but regardless, they're not the food is still pretty dang good, and it's free there anyway.
So get there early before all of those are going to chop up the free food.
Four minutes till noon at QM, I've been telling you about a laser recharge, the toner recharge,
cartridge specialist for the past few weeks.
A lot of you called 1-800, oh, and by the way, before I do the spot.
Oh, yes, she did begin.
If you have something to do, you can leave now because in the noon to 12-30 hour we have nothing but spots.
We have three breaks to enter again.
Proving beyond a shadow of a doubt, all we want is the money, baby, and we're still number one.
They still love us so much, they can't turn it off.
We got spots up the old ass.
I haven't told you about a laser recharge, the toner recharge, cartridge specialist for the past few weeks on the show.
A lot of you have called 1-800-287-9212, which we're glad to hear, and you've saved a lot of money on your printing an orphysi.
For those of you who haven't called yet, what are you waiting for?
A laser recharge is about ink jets, thermocarbon paper, supplies, and provides service-important and maintenance for most-makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again.
When you call 1-800-287-9212, you'll talk to just Bob, the sole owner has been supplied the Mrs. and South Florida with what they need, in most cases within 24 hours.
A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing, and I want you to keep in mind that all the cartridges sold by A laser recharge are remanufactured, not refilled.
Just about anybody can send you cheap refilled cartridges, but you only get what you pay for.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go, and A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers, and faxes along with brothers and Xerox drums too.
A laser recharge is probably the individualized service-offer way, no questions asked, satisfaction guarantee.
So if you need toner cartridges, all of these things just pick up that phone and call just Bob at A laser recharge at 1-800-287-9212.
That's 1-800-287-9212 around a wicked way, but it's A laser recharge.com.
Why am I in the world? We are support-video-5-6-6-0-UAM.
Perala, it beat at 12-1 hour on WQ-AM.
Perala, it beat at 12-1 hour on WQ-AM.
Perala, it beat at 12-1 hour on WQ-AM.
Perala, it beat at 12-1 hour on WQ-AM.
Perala, it beat at 12-1 hour on WQ-AM.
Perala, it beat at 12-1 hour on WQ-AM.
Ppeta gag in written Presby, Incheon.
P.Publet's sit down and win over Tito tilo sell it out and 아니면 use a assertive
excuse Lord Lindsay ensured that about 100-215 left to come on WQ-AM in the ganzu of чаke,
Ricky's and he shaved his head.
In fact, the herald today is going to be very fine 2004 March photo here, Ricky Williams,
who is looking almost human there, pretty good for Ricky.
Even if retired dolphin running back, Ricky Williams changes his mind to the starts of
return of football.
The season says the herald will be forced to serve a four games suspension after failing
a third drug test for use of the Wicked Wee.
Oh my God.
Williams admitted today that marijuana played a large role in his retirement that he originally
indicated that he learned of a third failed test and upcoming suspension just days before
informing Coach Dave Wons state of his decision to retire in football.
Williams said however there were a hundred reasons for his retirement, maybe not a hundred
probably.
He said a hundred for his retirement that is desire to continue smoking marijuana without
inhibition was merely one of them.
He said it was not addicted to the drug but merely that he didn't believe in government
NFL laws banning it.
He said he'd already decided to quit football even before testing positive for a second
time for marriage.
A wini useless last season in Korea, $650,000 fine.
He's appealing that fine, fight a New York argue with KSP for an arbiter with his attorney
that received work last week that his appeal had been denied.
While the appeal was pending, Williams said he continued smoking marijuana while I'm
tour with Rucker Lenny Kravitz and Europe to say in Europe, oh and Europe, the group
Europe, and failed a third test upon his return.
See if they would have written with your group, your assistant what do you say?
They screwed it up.
He said he'd been using a masking agent to cleanse the system of being randomly tested
for two seasons but said he didn't even bother before the last test after returning from
Europe.
So you see it is from Europe.
That's what it's supposed to say there.
What a hero screwed up bad man.
You can't even figure out what the other is trying to write.
Idiots.
God you're a bunch of modiconies.
I didn't quit football because I failed a drug test.
He said I failed a drug test because I was ready to quit football.
In other words, he didn't give a flying crap.
How do you like that?
Right.
He's smoking up a storm and don't give a crap who don't like it.
View your product fuckers.
Haha!
Ahh-hahahaha!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha!
Does that mean what you mean about Zack?
What do you mean?
When you were said to continue smoking throughout as time is the dolphin stopping only for a month here
in there but passed random test by drinking 32 ounces of a masking agent called extra clean and
Chasing it down quickly with 32 ounces of water Palmer Tamer winners originally said he hadn't learned yet
Of the results of his appeal at the NFL's drug rules didn't run him off but rather merely reinforced that his lifestyle
Didn't belong in for the regimented world of football
Williams who suffers from social anxiety disorder was a spokesperson for the antidepressant
Taxiels said marijuana helped him once he had stopped using packs so because it didn't agree with his diet
Merit one is ten times better for me than taxa. He said he says he didn't see anything wrong
Merit wanted because it's just a plant and is here a bob Marley admitted smoking it daily
Williams has Marley Ted to his all over his body named his first child Marley and his friends with Marley's children even like Bob Marley from
Christmas Carol now what did is I didn't want to go in with it's a drop from meat the parents and we let that go on a year
It's a name as a matter of fact the new movie I see is how about Jackie Mo
Well, we can't get anything
So about six a Q.A.M. Is your company suffering from regulations increased labor cost let oasis outsourcing help
It when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk
Management these are just a few of the services oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be a lot more profitable
Call oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation in 1 866 at oasis
That's 1 866 2 8 6 27 47 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets human resource management
outsourcing is being recognized by firms large as well as a powerful management choice
Which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to oasis outsourcing
What is it let oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable for a fee evaluation column toll free and 1 866 at oasis
That's 1 866 2 8 6 27 47 4 oasis outsourcing
The sleep if conventional sleep machines with settings like gentle rain and babbling brook
Don't help get the John Kerry sleep machine
It rolls you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech
I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry sleep machine
Good John Kerry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from tax reform
My new payroll tax credit
With a carry so sleepy
I'm today to the economy
Before we can lay the foundation
I'm making my eyes open to sleep the foundation
Get the John Kerry sleep machine today and with any luck you'll sleep right through the election
I am John Kerry and I approve the John Kerry sleep machine available wherever
I switch the machine to move by John Kerry
That's like that I he'd be speaking at the Democratic Convention in Boston 55 minutes at speech
He's gonna last you think you ought to take up an office for everybody and see who's gonna stay away. Oh gee
I got plans. I'm sure hoping for them. I'm pulling the hoping for the best
In fact Michael Moore at the take back around
America rally at the
We're all set to hotel in Cambridge. Let's see it was a two days ago two day
At a fantastic speech and he's urges
Carry stand up for the progressive agenda that the majority of America already agrees with and don't be wimpy and weak need and wish he washy okay
Don't lack the Courage of York convictions is what Michael Moore says his entire species on our website
It's way too long in fact if I started now we'd be in the middle of the seventh inning
Through says my pretty John Kerry stand up for the agenda by Michael Moore read it and the week okay
And then hope for the best tonight. We hope unto the best
Yeah, well, who knows maybe all of a sudden he'll be dynamic well
No, you'll never guess I was this is a true stir. I was channel surfing a couple days ago and I came across
I'm one of those oldy channels, you know an episode of the monsters
Yeah, and we joke about it, but there he was sure there was John Kerry
In fact, there he is right now he's standing at the podium. They're they're practicing. They're going through the dry run
And he's in fact earlier CNN put this on and he was like drinking from a bottle of water and his standard looking around
I thought what what is going on there?
What what he'd be doing? He's just he's practicing for tonight practice makes perfect
Don't forget to join president a imported beer and WDQM6 tonight at the Windixi located at
6701 south west 40th street in Miami step by to spin the wheel from Arnold tickets other prizes
6 tonight to Windixi on 67th and bird road and
Do you enjoy this set or they two to four PM and we have motor sports segue a block north of sample road on Dixie highway
Regis to the wind free segue human transportation device those segues remember everybody's gonna be using one right
That's right. Anyway, no well, maybe not any minute, but some some day somewhere maybe on your anus
Segway to QQQM QT's will be their plus food provided by landing city sub said I'm here in rumors about Ira
Are we really doing another break right now?
Say I warned the audience don't say that I'm not upfront and forced right with you. Okay, I told you this is a half our response
We apologize profusely because we did it's a greedy outfit. We need to catch badly. I apologize
That's just the way it is all right is basically no show here when we got these marlin games on but the upside is we get out of here early
Which we're very happy about here
And thanks again for making WQM number one in midday number one in the afternoon number three at night number two in the morning number one overall in
2554 word makes us a nice extra bonus money and they were very happy about that and thank you so much
Say it's a miracle iod on the other hand took a big dump see I can't pray that
Uh-oh
Think about it
Listen to it. Oh, it's a good thing with those splashes
Even mom in the box might be listening for the splans
When you're moving or renovating that's the best time to dial one 800 mattress
Make that first night in that dream house heavenly with a brand new top-party brand. They mattress from dial amateurs
You still get to pick that to our window that eight-in-time for delivery to fit your move in schedule and dial mattress will be on time
99.7% of the time nobody's got a better selected queen and king size mattresses
Then pala mattress ready for immediate delivery when you call one 800 mattress right now you'll get it
That's just the camera Dia has taken a splash on our behind the curtain
When you call one 800 mattress right now you'll get a great mattress at an unbeatable discount price
dial a mattress ranked number one and customers had a satisfaction in the universe
They were winners of the 2004 veteran business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call one 800 mattress
You'll choose from the complete line of silly sure to king cruel Simmons temper pete against sterons and foster you
You know it's better like this year if the democratic convention you who was when do caucuses running in 88?
No, who rob low?
Uh-huh
Everybody QA must called one 800 mattress for our beds you ought to be doing the same log out of their website mattress dot com
Give them a call tool free right now and guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years to come
They come in take away the crappy old vetting stuff your brand new in an orchard charge
You'll be having a great night sleep like I said for our coons age call one 800 and a TT RES
9 and local
6 is 4305
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Come here
Jack
Jack
Jack
Look who here
It's Jack
Who knew it's Jack
I don't care about any of you people. I just didn't know money
Yeah
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
Tom 20 and 560 WQM
This pulled it it went over like
Falafels in Alaska you know who cares short show we don't care who do you think is the most underrated
Actress movies or TV of all time well we didn't take enough names and I mean we only had two and a half hours
I thought I had my duty to do you know I mean
don't say
Gene stapled in 84, that was my choice and she is going to win this thing hands down.
Nice going, Edith.
Francis McDormand 35, Jennifer Jason Lee 22, Helen Mirren has got 20.
Natalie Portman 18, Jennifer Tilly 16, Emma Thompson 13, Tanya Shire 11.
Now they will fear her.
Joan Londell 11.
I'm sure that's spelled wrong.
Linda Blair 7, huh?
I'm sure it's spelled wrong too.
Linda Blair 7, Linda Hamilton 7, Amanda Plummer 7.
Joan Allen 7, Ellen Burston 4, Penelope Ann Miller 4, Scarlett Johansson has got 3.
Luis Fletcher's only got a pair out of 271 votes.
I can't believe that.
But that's our audience you know what I'm saying?
That's yeah.
I guess we got to do another break.
As Dominic Q.M. gives New Lean to the expression No Show.
Another break already?
There you go.
Hey listen, we have no shame.
We don't care.
This is the one place where the Gimitier is exactly the way it is.
Right up front, honest on the line.
There is no time to be doing any kind of a show.
We're going to pre-test.
Maybe we'll take one quick call.
Like line 9 is always a winner.
Q.A.M.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What are these reports about Howard coming to Q.A.M.?
It's all over the internet right now.
Says who?
Alladff.com and fmqb.com?
Howard David.
No Howard Stern.
Never heard that.
Now check it out.
Okay, when in doubt we'll check it out.
How do you like that?
Have you heard that?
For what?
Howard David's coming to Q.A.M.
No, the new improved.
I have no idea.
It's all over the internet so the chances are it's probably a full of credit.
Maybe the Howard.
He's got a whole new attitude along with his whole new dude.
What is that?
He's like a totally different person since the head shaving incident.
Mo Howard David.
I'm telling you.
He's upbeat, friendly.
He's beat up.
Well that's good news.
Yeah.
Maybe he was like Sanson and reverse.
Maybe he was like the haircut done it like Ricky Williams.
Look, he finally wised up.
It's good enough for Ricky and for Shepton.
It's good enough for Mo, am I right?
Absolutely.
22 past noon at 5.60 W.M. when you go out to eat or you're sick and tired of trying
to figure out which menu items are low carb.
What if I told you there's an affordable fast food low carb restaurant that actually
cares about your nutrition offering an entire menu that is low carb.
Cut and carbs cafe is that place of fast food low carb restaurant that caters all
of you low carb diners out there.
Be sure and stop in to try their pounds away pizza that's low on carbs but high in taste.
And they've got a lot of other fabulous things on the menu like way out wraps, carbohydrates,
so be salads, soups of all kinds healthy way treats and even fat free soft serve ice
cream.
Cut and carbs cafe you'll find it just outside the sawgrass mills mall on sunrise
Boulevard.
Call them at 9.504 514 001 or check them on that wicked way of it.
Cut and carbs cafe.com.
And right there you can take a look at their delicious low carb wraps.
Pizza's case of he is soup salad snacks and like I said only moments ago even delicious
low carb ice cream.
Cut and carbs cafe where you can din in or take it out just outside the sawgrass mills
mall on sunrise Boulevard.
Stop by or call them today at 9.504 514 001 that's 9.504 514 1.
That's how it's fam.
There's a fat left wing guy once pushed to say goodbye Michael Mori.
He wears extra large pants and I love him in France.
My good boy.
His new flick it is full of tricks to you be a sick cause it picks on George W.
I'm going on vacation.
I'm going on vacation.
I'm going on vacation.
I'm going on vacation.
All of the stuff is on the internet.
I'm just in a search.
Did I find anything?
No.
Look it up.
Alright.
Look it up in the book.
I'm going on vacation.
I have no right.
I have no right.
I have no right.
I have no right.
I have no right.
I have no right.
I have no right.
I have no right.
I have no right.
