Gary and wherever you are I hate to break the news to you the internet stream is down
Because Howard Stern is on actually know they're talking about the stream
Normally we fill with some gobble degree even that is down that's down
So there was we're not on the internet right now is what you're telling me right so talk loud
Why is that
Because we're here because it's because this is wqa. I'm even my clicker for the damn parking lot is a piece of crap
By the way nice job Miguel. Okay. Don't mess with my
Brother you got a new battery. Why yeah, what am I complaining about that right just because he screwed up my garage door opener
That's another story. He fixed it. Yeah, he fixed it. Yeah, there was nothing wrong with it be fixed it
Maybe he ought to be fixed we got some exciting news we got that
A pound five sixty is now for rising wireless and singular wireless you see that
Not exciting if it sounds like we're eating it's because how he's brought us breakfast again and brunch whatever
This is nice my nice bacon no car bacon. Crit is can be this is the best bacon in the world from how I make good
No bones about it and what are you a kind of big sandwich today? It is Cuban
Brother talk about an exaggeration
Anyway, here's the pullers on I you people out there that are panicking and all been out of shape and psychotic
If you just become like me and not get all whipped up into a fricking frenzy every time somebody fire's man
And by the way speaking of that fat boys got Josh Friedman syndrome
Jeff Hyde was in here this morning. I don't know if he's like
Waring a bag or what?
Those were no or maybe he's like you said he's just seeping a little bit
You know like maybe a quarter to by the way, we're seeping back on the internet oil change
We are back on the internet see so there you go just relax Gary
What is wrong with you you people all you want to do is complain
They ought to be on their hands and he's right now kissing the radio that they're hearing the sounds of our voices, right?
Or the computer and that's stirring tape is over there. I mean whatever to maybe kiss the radio for that
God, I don't know what the hell we're gonna do about that the good enjoy it even more good news even better news tomorrow being Thursday
We got Marlon's game in the York gets the pathetic meds course we got the end tonight
But tomorrow we got a day game
One 10 p.m. Pregame show at 12.35. All right, which really nice to me and even better than that
The scuttle butt around the building is Gary Sarnas sprint in rumors. You know what a schmuck he is
Gary Sarnas sprint in rumor that because of the impending we may start feeling the big blow on Friday night
Yeah, the big blow from Francis and as a result of that we may have a Marlon's double header against the comes on Friday
Oh, I like that wouldn't that be sweet?
I'm thinking about lemon 30 of a good start and time. Yeah, just to make sure we gave both games in because they're very important games
The Marlon's one again last night that comes lost and the Marlon's early three behind a wild card
They really got it and gear now they're gonna do it this year again. We got to talk blow with the crow
Talks and blow with a crow or just blow with a crow sounds good
I'm sure that would be the first time
But nevertheless
What's that? I don't know let it go. Let's hear it. Oh
Stryl Thomas
That's who we need to find out about the hurricane. We need to talk to nostril Thomas
Because these bastards on a weather channel and you people at the weather channels suck the only good one on there is Dave
Shae for whatever his name is who you see we I think I'm C. K.L. W. Different guy
But they're horrible big swore it sets his name on a weather channel the one I was talking about okay
He's good although he seems like he had like some kind of a physical ailment like he can barely breathe or speak
But this Marshall sees man. I say we issue a season these sister to regains them for their
Glittering generally that bald head a geek they got on there in the weather channel. He keeps he's worse than Brian or cross
You think Brian's obsessed with that brown eye this guy is
Wow back in 26 and there you know he's got this obsession with Miami's gonna get blown off the mat
He probably hates Miami which we can understand that so does everybody else by the way to recent a poor
Hey, how you like it to me say you lose you lose the people hate you like poison poppy and itbroward
We hate you Miriam. Oh man, and Mayor penis of
Pakenia
And did not say the Betty Caster sure no, I didn't it's party worthy. I
Thought Peter do it you do better than he did. I knew she's gonna win
But he really got trounced you know probably too Jewish and this time in the year there just too many glaiment
So Betty Caster and she better beat that Mill Martinez
Shouldn't we have learned ever got the guy named Martinez remember governor Bob Martinez?
Who looked like Dracula on a bad day
Don't you leave his spots by the way?
Who's that Bob Martinez? I think he's dead former governor Bob Martinez no pro live and I'm pro right
Well, you know what he ought to be doing pro
I'm gonna run to the door and don't let it hit him on the ass in a way up. Betty Caster, baby. She's the she's the she's it
And there she was with governor Bob. We need to hang out of that Senate seat, baby
We can't afford to lose that rough smits Creek without a paddle
So Teresa LaPore gets her ass beat as supervisor elections even though she counted herself four million X and T
Realists, but that didn't help and
Miriam elephant comes in a very weak third with about 16% and Dave Slater got 1.8% for Metro Mayor
Hey, Dave you're a good guy, but give it up already. Will you don't be another Ellis Rubin?
Another professional candidate, although there'll never be another Ellis through this that is for sure
And you know what thank God for that?
right
but and then of course the thing in
Those two oh a mayor of penis right 10%
Yeah, I mean you didn't even come close Alice Alice penis bikini. He'll be alienated everybody. He alienated every right?
Mm-hmm. He alienated that that's a good sign. Oh, mm-hmm. That's a really good sign
I think some of your people are starting to finally wise up after they've been screwed so many times
I mean the devil anyway. They were gonna vote for him anyway
Yeah, that's right. He came out too much against Buche Buche
So he he really screwed himself all the way around hated himself into a corner
These and I want to rumor started about him in one man. Yeah, I think that was the end of it
Those rooms you start yeah, the ones that I started about his cockatoo on his shoulder
Here's the poll result from yesterday which of these is or was the most interesting you and it just makes kind of sense
1753 votes and hurricane Francis it would seem to me logically right
Yeah, these people are got their eye on the ball their eye and a brown eye
They're over there at public's getting their water sure you know
I'm on my pants and peaches. What is that Francis is it really well?
She blows yes, she does
Hurricane Francis
769 when his hand coming back to 190 I wish I had an answer for that. I'm thinking tomorrow
Especially after Mosin that performance would done
Yesterday that that was so and I can't blame him who I don't want to blame shot because he's a good kid
But whoever was in there supposedly giving him the heads up on whatever was going on
He was he just sat down there. I was on a way to the store
I got the radio on and I thought well listen to my close personal a bald-headed mo buddy
Right and wow what a mess and the sad part of it is he didn't no done
No, he didn't know who the hell I was even no yeah, he's only been here two years
But you know when you look up there in Bokeh you kind of you isolated them
The one that's supposed to be out of touch. I know Don. Believe you me. Okay. So the other old television back
Don is a friend of mine and believe me mo you don't know Don. Okay
Anyway, when his hand coming back to 90 I'm thinking that tomorrow whether preventing
What okay, I know he's not gonna come back here. He's not a total. That's good excuse
He's not a total idiot. He's if we're gonna have the big storm. He's not coming back in the town tomorrow
And either would I although I'm not feeling out early everybody's right here. Oh, you're gonna get out of here early
I'm gonna be here and tough it out man. I was here during Andrew what a poop trooper what a pooper you're right
And I'm not gonna bail out. I don't think we're getting it anymore
See I probably should even say that that's based only on my personal
Don't pay any attention to me. I'm just another amateur meteorologist
Although it seems to me if you keep your eye on the brown eye
Yeah, and you keep watching these things and don't and miss Kamala. I heard mad dog
Yes, they say miss Kamala is the most hysterical
I don't know what kind of pills mad dog is doing because miss Kamala's been fairly until last night
And now he's starting to lose it and he's talking about what a gigantic storm
This is now somebody's wrong because either it's a gigantic hurricane or it's a small but very dangerous one
But it can't be both can it be big and small at the same time unless maybe it's like a luxury way. Yeah
Maybe it swells and that it kind of like
Sub-sign somethings do yeah one is hang coming back to 90 how bad all adults do this year 164
WDQ a.m. Hello
7.80 now. We have now guys now guys. Oh the Democratic Convention 131 the Howard Stern Show 118 the Olympics 118 now that
How do you how do you rationalize that all of a sudden now that it's over for a three days now?
They care about the Olympics or maybe those are the people that were in it could be there were a lot of them
At today's election meaning yesterday only 75 how many people turned out yesterday for the vote?
But just enough to beat Theresa LaForeign Mary Melafant. That's all we care about
Oh god. Well how sweet Republican Convention 62 and the MTV Awards dead last only 28
Yeah, I heard Joe rose this morning on 7.90 sounded pretty good nice going air Joe little dog
Joe Zach Joe and Zach our buddies sounded pretty good. In fact, they inspired me to take two polls today
I only had one. I was gonna do we'll do that later on we get around to it. Here's poll number one
Well, and we got on the beat of Kurt that a Marilyn Monroe. Okay, so I don't have to do any homework on that
If I have to explain to you Marilyn Monroe then I mean get lost all you're trying to do is tell us I have no right get with it
So there she is with her a booby-sangin out shirt
It's not certainly the most attractive Marilyn Monroe pretty good. But it's her see but it's here and it's her booby
So that's I know you folks out there. It's all it's real. They are well. They were real. They're not too good
They're still real. They're not too good right now. We're troubled but real
Before tuning in a nail today I listened to because I'm kind of curious
I think Joe Rose is gonna do pretty good over there in 790. I think the rest of their lineup sucks
I'm not a big cragmin or viny fan all of the sportsers. Oh, you know, I heard mad dog going on just licking and licking his butt-ox the other day
cragmin or viny is just another sports tour
You know most of these people don't mean too much. I mean, I know you're a big fan of his. Yeah, who?
And then they got the guy what's the guy's name for me? SPN Dan
Dan the man. I don't know what his name is Dan Patrick. Okay. No relation to van Patrick
And then of course they got Dan La Bastard from the Harold in the afternoon who is just an absolute bozo
Who's gonna tell you again that it was the Cubans that won a World Series again in the last year
Even though we didn't have Liva on this time
But just just an imbecile and in fact we're so delighted to get him off a QA man out of this building
So it doesn't keep screwing off the equipment
Work static to have Dan La Bastard out of here
So they got a pretty lame line of except for Joe Rose, but I think Joe's gonna do pretty good job
Because Joe was doing great here and then of course he got screwed over and laid down a garden path and
Stronger long by Greg who lies and lies and lies, you know
I think it's good that he's got his deal of it now. Why was he on so early? I asked somebody that and they said well
It's because they're opening day to day at seven ninety the ticket and so it had a result he went on early
I think his regular hours are eight to eleven
I wouldn't know and ordinarily we say well
She he's can he's competing with you Neil now over and out ordinarily on before much before eleven
So this week only because uh Stern is on vacation and so these tapes
They can't have Robin knew all those important news stories because it might be a little bit dated like us do an alien in the Pope again
Right we could do that we could do alien in the Pope in fact we might we get out of here and now after we get through plan
Manamana a couple of times
Okay, here's the first full question before tuning into Neil today. I listened to Howard Stern Joe Rose W.I.O.D
N.P.O. and I couldn't believe I listened to little W.I.V. this morning because of the hurricane tank and they had that Miss John McLaughlin is still on over there
I can't believe she's still on there the news lady used to be by nz. We're in the big silly hats. Oh my god
Who she got naked pictures of
N.P.R. that's Georgia's choice. He listens a lot to N.P.R.
Watt and Paul oh man talk about stale footy power 96
Uh, I didn't mention all the stations on here because Lexington Terry doesn't have their name Lincoln stink
Yeah, air on America which I heard about two minutes of that morning abortion this morning. That's bad
Oh, you heard the best part of it if you heard the morning. Oh Steve Kane
Mr. Ego other radio which that's as many as we're putting on there, okay or no radio
What do we lead what do we got so far no radio six they did they already discovered the new polls
So we just got a smattering 15 vote
No radio six air america three Howard Stern to what you put them under like Ron and Paul Paul's gonna be very upset that you put Ron first
It's isn't a young Ron and old Paul. Isn't that what it is?
The young come first man
You'll have to work on it
So that's the deal there. That's the first poll
We'll get to the other one a little bit later on we want to get a million calls here today
What's your take how much plywood are you buying?
Are you batting down the hatches? I don't think it and we'll have another advisory
At about 10 minutes before 11 and we'll be right on top of the weather channel there
We even as bad as they are I just don't like the job they're doing. I think they're pretty weak
And of course the one thing we do understand is that this is so imprecise
Yeah, the good news for us is that the new cone that they're showing
Which I think it's uh
Jamaica, Jamoco shake
The new cone they're showing on there. We're on the ass end. This is the farthest to the edge of the air bottom edge of the cone that we've been so far
The key it seems to me the key the whole thing is if it will slow down a little bit just take your time Francis
Slow down a little bit and kind of mosey in meander a little bit more than north what they're not talking about are telling us today for some bizarre reason
Since they're making us all in the amateur meteorologist they've been hucking with this crap about all wildly the high pressure system
That's over here, you know they've been showing on the course mist orcrosh
She's got the little brown eye in the middle of all these different spastic systems here, you know
And and we're supposed to become experts on that and now they're not talking about that so we don't know if that one high
If Jeff high is like low did it hang in there?
Huh?
Or if it's like maybe we're not there. Hi, Sally. Yeah, he could change the course of it. Oh boy. Does he smell bad?
So anyway, what there's something I'm telling you and I said in here after he
Waddled out of here the first time and then you came in with Tommy and the both of you said man
And then of course you probably thought I did it. Well, I didn't do that. I had never talked about it. I bet you did
No, I never did anything. It smelled like you're not stinky. You're gonna give you that holy cow
Anyway, a hurricane
Warning is an effect of the southeastern Bahamas
Tropical storm warning remains an effect for the north coast of the La Vey publica divina counter from
Ponte Gorda westward to Montenegro Veya. What if they call it Ponte Gorda? Punta Gorda
And eight o'clock this morning the brown eye of the hurricane was located by reconnaissance aircraft near latitude
21.4 north now. Remember was 19.6. Yeah, what that's 21.4 north. It's moving north north west
At about um 16 miles an hour with top winds of 140. It's still a cat for as they say cat for
Oh the expert. I don't know
Like away
This general motion is expected to continue with a gradual decrease in forward speed during the next 24 hours
That's what we know for we're gonna expect maybe the big blow to start is the earliest Friday night start to get some effects of it some like side effects
But again my personal opinion now everybody out there can give us their expertise
Let's see no radio 10 air america 10 all those liberal people out there all those folks that think we're gonna change the world on the radio
Uh, we're not I don't want to burst your bubble. We got a Theresa La Forbiet. I'll take credit for that all my friends out there in Palm Beach
They wrote in Papu cannings that are they did all those crazy old Jews
26 past 10 at 5 60 WQ and they got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog today
Oh, you know, I don't overdo it in fact. He's probably since he's got that construction company his
He's probably like putting up the shutters and doing all that stuff at his house today when you think I would think
Be in a handy guy that you have somebody else to it. I never got Moe Howard David
Which may be the last appearance from all on a hand Goldberg show anyway
For the staff noon. We don't know time will tell Marlon's our decades. 35 Marlon's at the pathetic metz again 710 tonight
How about those Yankees last night? Oh 22 to nothing the worst loss in franchise history. I love it
And then 80 candy can't do the baseball game tonight
Fat boys says what were you thinking about hockey game last night get out of here
Make believe make believe crap, you know
Just so they can get some money in their pockets the players and the the owner is in all this other crap
So they can turn around and stab all the fans in the back. It's really sad
Don't they send your money in those Panthers by the way aren't gonna be no season
Hey, when you're moving or renovating that's the best time to dial one 800 mattress make that first night in your dreamhouse
Heavenly with a brand new top quality name brand mattress and our good close friends at dial amatrus nice job
By the way Miguel screw up my
Thrysder opener
Don't forget you still picked the date and time for delivery to fit your moving schedule and dial amatrus is on time
99.7% of the time nobody's better but a selection of Queen and King size macrosets ready for immediate delivery then dial amatrus
And when you call that number you'll get you a unbeatable deal great mattress discount price
What's not to like dial amatrus is rank number one and customer satisfaction?
They were winners of the 2004 bitter business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call
1-800 macros you'll choose from the complete line of seely
Serta king coil simons tempera petic and stirs and foster two all the smart folks around here at qa
And then all around town a called 1-800 mattress for the new beds which I've been doing for years
If you're moving sending a college kid off to college or you just want a good night sleep for a long time
This is the smart way to do your shopping just sit there on your fat old ass
And make that one easy call you can check them on the web if you like first at macros.com
But then pick up that instrument and dial 1-800 macros. They'll be there in no time at all 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
Power than a Stretchon sick
Oh
The powerhouse, what a fight to see, QAN.
Bush, Bush, the mouth!
And culture is a party girl. Party girl, party girl.
And culture is a party girl. Party girl, party girl.
We are in her back, with a dark shred.
And say, why, why, why?
You stupid!
And say, why, why?
And say, why, why, why?
And say, why, why, why?
And say, why, why, why?
Why, why, why?
Why, why, why, why?
Why, why, why?
I'm over this monster, a figure in the box,
the B.A.M.E.D.A. home, prefers it on top with us.
You want more?
All this lady is what I'll give you.
She's got a book to read about Sanderin.
Nobody knows more about Sanderin out,
with a big scoop of mouth, and it won't do the length of mangola.
Such a good Christian girl, you want a strangola?
Fontyfigate who she's dating.
The litigal puns is on deathly candy,
trump on the floor, and...
A Republican's Yankee home.
She's a better-rowed listener,
more making laborer than they were, you know?
In a minute, she'll wear a Joanne Cameldow.
And note to nose what they can be.
In a minute, she'll skirt that smells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order
with a Mac Galley joke.
If you like your broadest dollar,
if you got the money, she'll spread those names
with a cigarette and a shark name.
And note to her and her and her political puns
that the angel of the right hair to pee.
Wait, 1032 and 560 WQM,
there's a tropical storm warning,
is still an effect for the Northern coast
of the Dominican Republic.
We don't care about the Dominican Republic,
with all the respect for our friends in La Republic,
and a minute kind of, we don't care about that.
Do we?
No, all the Bahamas.
And far now, you do care about that.
We got to put Bob and Tom on there.
Lynn says scratchy comes in scratchy,
but better than the others.
She's listening to Bob and Tom a good choice.
You put that on there? I already did, yet.
Well, there you go.
Between it is a 14-sandwichers,
put Bob and Tom on a pole.
Here's what I look so far.
What did you listen before tuning in to Neil today?
I listened to Howard Stern.
Thank God, 27.
Nice going, Greg.
27 for the Stern Meister.
And again, keep in mind,
it's the best upping.
It's on tape.
It's rehab, old stuff.
No radio, 21.
Well, how the hell did they know what time we were coming on then?
I guess they must be,
have some kind of a psychic vibration.
Maybe somebody knocks on the door and says,
Hey, Neil's on now.
The coast is clear.
21.
Air America 18.
How sad.
Other radio 12,
ones that we didn't put on there yet.
Joe Rose 11 on ESPN 790, the ticket.
Sounded good, Joe and Zach.
And they're eating a crispy cream donuts, too.
Were they?
Yeah.
That's what Joe said.
So the Zach had seven,
and that was only like at about the 815.
NPR 9,
Lexan Terry 8,
Ron and Paul 3.
Do you see that?
Yeah.
Do you see what I see?
It's like the rains that we're wearing.
Schmeckendreck,
have got 8,
and old Ron and ancient Paul are voting got 3.
I guess that's not our crowd.
Man, I don't think it's,
well Mr. Ego Steve came to.
WI would be up here.
Maybe they like Mr. Muglock,
and the nice hair,
and the freaky hats that she wears.
They ever see a guy wearing like a big,
like a fedora.
Now what?
A fedora is like a smaller hat, right?
No, it's like a dress.
Michael wearing a fedora in the Godfather.
He was, but he was wearing it with a brim up.
I see.
Well, maybe they're just brimming over with confidence there at WI.
Do you even know their numbers are in the tank,
including Rush?
Nobody for Power 96 or 40.
That's not our crowd.
The punk's 132 votes.
Thanks to whoever sent me this toner cartridge,
I was only joking about that the other day.
I mean, I could afford to go out there to office depot
and all these other places.
Anyplace, right?
They got that crap.
Sure.
About that expensive.
I could have handled it.
But somebody, you know, free is always better.
We'll take it.
And easier.
We'll take anything here on a show for free.
Anything you got.
Then we got that horrible thing in Russia.
Three people have already been killed.
Armate Taker seized the school.
And southern Russia took at least 100 people hostage.
Emergency officials told Russia's Interfax News Agency
that one attacker and two civilians were killed.
Nine people wounded in the attack this morning.
They were shooting at the town of the attack as well as after
where there was an unconform report
that 14 children hid during the attack
and were able to escape.
First, they said 15 kids were released.
So now comes the 14-hit
and they were able to wiggle their way out
and more power to them.
More crazy crap going on in the world, boys and girls.
That's all I can tell you.
A lot of crazy crap.
WDQAM, hello.
Good one.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I wanted to talk to Neil.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, hi, Neil.
How are you?
That's great.
Jean, it's great to talk to you, Lyft.
And I just wanted to say you thought that...
Even when I talk to myself, I say,
you got to scrape and talk to me.
Not part of the Paul and Ron crowd.
How big of a pardon?
You mentioned something about that maybe
the people who listened to you
are not part of the Paul and Ron.
Well, yeah, we're just looking at the result on the pool here.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I voted for Lex and Terry because I just,
first of all, I can't wait for you.
Yeah.
The Paul and Ron, I can't stand them.
I only listened to them when there was nothing else to listen to.
I couldn't wait for anything else to come on.
And when Lex and Terry came along, well,
there's just a natural...
I think now that we got stern back on here,
I think Paul and Ron are out.
Yeah, I don't.
I know that, but I'm just saying,
I'm talking about the genre, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, anyway, great to have you back on the radio.
I love you and whatever.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Have a great day.
See you.
Okay, there's a nice guy who's happy.
Sound like a happy-cap.
But we like happy people.
Okay, we like nice people.
We like happy people.
We don't like people like that sour-posed
that send me to facts.
Yeah, wow, you're streaming that.
We're streaming right now.
Okay, in fact, believe me,
we got a big yellow stream right now.
I'm right down somebody's leg in the building.
Hi, boy, I think.
Especially when we start talking about SCRUAN and Troy.
Anyway, Howard Stern's got 35 and then SCRUAN and...
Bro!
SCRUAN and Greg and SCRUAN.
Man, he's sure he's getting around, you know what?
Back in the day, I might have a discussion
about how many, I can't do it.
I don't even want to go there, you know.
And I was talking about penises, honestly.
You're a good company.
Who do you think is seeing more penises?
Mira SCRUAN.
Lately?
No, not lately.
Over a lifetime.
Keep in mind, I'm a little over in shey.
I, he's older than you, I think, by the way.
Yeah.
And we'll think about it.
Before turning it into Neil today, I listen to...
I mean, I can still say that.
Can I talk about, yeah, not too loud though.
Howard Stern 35.
Let's hear it for Howie!
Howie!
Air America 28.
That is, it's just amazing to me.
It's astonishing.
Aren't you blown away by that?
No.
That is so bad.
And then, of course, we got the...
Where are we?
Capeson right now, which unfortunately is like yesterday's stuff
that she's talking about.
Tape from yesterday.
Nice going there, David Ross, you idiot.
No radio at all, 25.
They're waiting for you to hear the sound of my voice.
Thank you so much.
You people are just, I don't know.
Other radio is 17 once we don't have a list of here.
Joe Rose 15.
Nice going, Joe, baby!
I hope he sticks it to us, you know what?
That's not a good way to say it.
No.
But I mean that.
I hope he does well.
That's what I mean.
I don't mean I hope he sticks it to us.
But I hope he does very well.
Because the sports people, they want to hear us
and sports nerds stuff, you know?
They don't want to hear about Robin and the Dikes and that stuff.
They want to hear about sports nerds.
Right.
They want to hear about Dikes and the Locker Roo.
Hedro's sexual thing.
Like, Rob.
Or like Dike.
Joe Rose 16.
NPR 12, you have the dirty dozen there.
Lexington, Tari Nine.
Ron and Paul only five.
Are they alive or what?
I have no Ron.
I guess they like that material the first time in all the other shows.
Bob and Tom have got three.
Oh, if they were only in this market.
Yeah.
That's a lot of us.
Oh, you know something?
What station are they on?
So I can listen to it and be my couple of days I'm going to be here.
Because I find myself all the way out of work.
That horrible drive to work.
I find myself just punching all over.
I'm not into the stern thing.
And that's just the way it is.
And I'm never going to be.
You could listen to our good friend Phil Latsnid.
At his motor.
I don't listen to NPR.
Yeah.
I'm not an intellectual like you are.
What?
It's just news.
I don't want to hear the news.
News is depressing.
I want to be entertained.
I want to be a mute.
It was good luck to want Bob and Tom.
Right.
I don't know what they're on.
What?
Somebody was at the Gator.
Okay.
I don't know what that is.
Nothing is greater than a Gator.
I don't know.
And oh, I heard a guy called Mad Dog yesterday.
He was very upset about the possibility of hurricane.
Because he's been waiting so long for that football game.
The Huracunz and FSU.
Well, God forbid that we should have to like post-bone or cancel.
Or I mean, isn't that the important thing?
Not that we don't get killed and blown away
in everybody's house blown down.
And I'll cry to the horrendous billions
that ours in damage stuff like that.
But oh, that game, you know,
that's the important part, right?
Of course, good.
Bob and Tom three, W-I-O-D-3, Steve Canis,
Derego two,
41.
How do you like that?
We got a why 100 person listening?
What a he's bad.
You know something I've noticed about,
of course, radio in his markets sucks anyway.
But the morning shows,
the other day I was flipping around.
Listening to bits of shows that I haven't listened to
in the air, including Ron and Paul,
they all sound the same.
Yeah.
It's all the same thing.
They got some stupid chick under.
They're trying desperately now to talk about sex stuff,
they can't really do.
Yeah.
Right.
That's funny.
Yeah.
And so they're trying to do stuff that they can't do,
but as much of it as they possibly can.
You know, like talking about screw-in and penises.
Power 96 none.
And that's good because we don't want the power 96 people
because they stay over there with Kibkir,
he wants your help.
Let's see.
Did I see here's a fact from Chip?
Did I see Tom Blowchow's interview with King Bush
about his reaction to Marine Daub's new book Bush World?
He actually admitted to Lecky Marine,
but Hayden Mini-Ork Times,
but he still reads it much to Martha Bush and Shagrin.
I know I did not see that.
I don't watch.
He really kills me to people say,
well, I listen to Rush because I like to hear
what the other side is saying.
I'm getting out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
With his crap.
Oh, here's Mike in Hollywood.
It says,
beastly broadcasting has destroyed the near-roads your show.
You can't even play some of your classic bits anymore.
Oh, look at that.
I can't even say that.
Mornings, I listen to a real psycho.
I forget his name on 88.9 FM.
They played jazz.
Probably have a total of four listeners in this
really cultured city,
but it's better than a love 94.
Who listens to love 94?
Probably the same number of people listen to KAT
and their classical music.
But thirdly, I didn't found one yet.
Don't forget, if you don't start listening to KAT
and their classical music,
they don't want to threaten you,
but they're going to like have to change that floor mat.
Oh, look at this.
Oh, this makes me want to squeeze my privates.
I'll turn around.
Greg Buidel on 640.
640.
I don't have any idea.
I don't know.
I have no idea what that is even.
Do you?
And don't forget, we got eight minutes away from 10 minutes
before the hour.
We got the new advisory coming on.
Francis.
Yeah.
See, at least we'll be on top of this.
We won't be talking about sports stuff.
And we don't have to have done as much as I like him.
He's a good guy and he does a good job.
I like to know, but you know,
they didn't come to us and offer what would you guys like.
But during when the sports segments around,
they're putting on a channel 10 dot,
because there are partner, you know,
yeah, kind of like,
Hyman Roth was Michael Coyleone's partner.
Do you know what I mean?
In fact, I think Don knows.
I'd like to chat somebody yesterday.
You know who I mean?
Absolutely.
And I have horrible intro that he got.
I like, I'm like, who is this?
Who is this guy we got here?
Don, I don't know.
What is this?
Is this about the hurricane?
I guess from our new partner.
And it wasn't most fault.
It was whoever was in there producing,
leading him by the hand.
You know, when you get to be old and duttering like that,
you need somebody to lead you by the hand.
But that bacon was sure good, man.
Thanks, Howie's.
And they just sent in the right amount, too,
not like a whole enormous of like 15 pigs full of it.
That one day last year, they damn near killed me.
They then near put me in a grave.
My insides were slatted with lard for like months after that.
But it is the best.
You want good bacon go to Howie's,
which is located on 441 at somewhere.
What is it?
No idea.
But one thing we never do is we never plug them enough.
They have been feeding the station for a law for a cool day.
We just say Howie's.
We don't tell people.
There are 2430 South, state road, seven, state road,
seven in Miramar.
Oh, they will too many bacon in the bits.
And the roads will pop up by 499.
Seven seven seven.
We don't have to get carried away.
But I mean, at least to give them a nice plug
because they're grateful for their lovely delivery.
So they love us and they do delivery.
And they deliver to us all the time.
They've been feeding a lot of fat people here for a long time, too.
Look at that pole.
We'll keep this one under your water,
about noon or 1130.
Or your food.
Okay.
Like I said, before tuning in to Neil today,
we're just doing this like out of,
we weren't even going to do this.
But I got inspired.
We got 200 votes already.
How do you like that?
Howard Stern, 44.
Oh, hallelujah.
Our savior.
Right?
We don't care whether we listen or we're not.
All we want is him to bring us even bigger numbers
than ever and assure us those bonuses all the time
and make sure that when he comes back from vacation
he goes on that length.
Maybe he'll talk about his vacation next.
We can all the dice that he did.
And he'll go on to 1130, quarter to 12.
We could only hope.
Yeah.
Howard Stern, 44.
No radio 37.
Air America 36.
That is shocking.
Joe Rose, 22.
Joe Rose, right out of the box with no promotion,
no publicity except for me, of course.
Joe Rose, 22.
How do you like that?
What are we going to do about our management?
I don't the bitch right now.
There you go.
Other radio 23, NPR 16,
Lexan Terry, and their Yahoo Redneck shrink advice,
nine.
Bob and Tom six.
Ron and Paul six.
Now Bob and Tom aren't even on in the market.
They're on Palm Beach.
We'll find out from somebody as soon as I take
some calls if I forget to run.
Where they're on.
I think it's the Gator.
But they're on even a market.
They got as many as Ron and Paul and Ron.
What is that?
I'd be embarrassed.
WI-D5, Mr. Engo still stuck on those two.
One of them I'm sure is Gilbert.
Footies got one in power 96, not two and 12 votes.
We'll find out what that station is.
WQA, hello.
It's 98.7 Gator, Bob and Tom.
All right, thanks, Pally.
He's not like kind of a Gator guy.
And I thought it was 98.7, but why really on top of it?
You know what?
Tom's, you guys think let's end up a search party.
No, Bob.
What about him?
I thought when it got to be September, when we turned the page
on the calendar, maybe he had the month of August off
or something like that.
Or maybe he died and they just don't want to tell us about it.
If there's anybody who's seen Tom Jicca alive in the last 30 days,
please, uh,
Bob Thirdman.
Paul and let us know.
Because he hasn't written anything in all summer.
Maybe they know his job anyway.
And there's Q and A things in Sunday.
Like I said, those are in the can.
He writes those way ahead of time.
Makes up the questions once ahead.
And then makes up his own answers.
But he's written nothing in all the momentous stuff that's going on
between Error America and Stern being on
and Hank being suspended and on vacation.
And uh, uh,
Gildi being like, uh,
the odd man out pretty much.
And then they always say, well, he's still got that Saturday show.
Well, what does that mean?
For 350,000 a year, you better believe you ought to be doing some kind of
a show on his station.
Little squeal and punk.
And then of course the most thing,
Moe is in limbo.
Now, I guess you don't remember them.
Did you?
I saw his car here last couple of days when I left, but I didn't know we
don't overlap anymore.
Why not?
Well, where's he came from?
He doesn't show up until like close to four.
Well, maybe that wasn't his car.
I don't know.
I thought it was his car.
I thought it was that white jukenoo that he drives.
But, huh?
Or maybe he's in there with Greg.
I doubt it.
Or maybe he's hanging out with Gary Sarner.
I think Gary likes him because he drives that jukenoo.
Anything Jewish, Gary likes it.
56670560,
50560560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line.
We better get used to saying that.
I got to sit in front of me now.
I'll have to take up a new label.
506505560 on the Verizon Wireless and
Singular Wireless Line starting today.
Oh, of course, the other one which we will mention, well.
WQAM, hello.
Neal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
I was listening to the stern show this morning.
And I heard you use the female genitalia.
Yeah, I don't worry about it grow up already we just that's every day no a day does not go by without at least five people telling me that they heard a
fart sound. Let me say it again. Okay. I'm not in the sandbox. I really don't care. I'm that little child. I don't how I did it. I don't care what he does
I'm not in I don't listen to it. I don't care and all that does is
In addition, I don't like coming to shock to you, but we're doing just fine on this show
We just had a killer book and all during a spring book did we play any fart sounds?
No, we haven't seen it in those words. No, in fact the restrictions are ridiculous, but that's okay
Somehow people still listen like crazy. We did fart a lot. We farted a lot. I raise silently, okay?
We farted a lot because we're thinking of that bitch joy so that there on a west coast that screwing up our lives
But we're doing just fine
But there's another little one that has smitten the star with how it's in this and you said that and you can't play this and the bees
They said
That paycheck man is just gigantic. It is huge. It is so huge
Even the he-coon would be impressed. It is so huge
Just like the margin by which Teresa LaPour got her ass beaten Palm Beach last night. It was huge
Just like the margin by which the people of Broward told Miriam elephants to take a walk take her trunk and pack it
The baby elephant right the baby elephant walk right out of town. It was huge
Just like the margin that Alex penis pecania. He's ass-wunked
Yesterday in his bid for the Senate. It was huge. It was humongous
So there you go Alex
What's he gonna do now? I guess he can just be the he can be the parent on Mickey Erison shoulder now
They may be hard to deal with him. You know people get a liar Alex
You rely on your a bull crap artist and spigging a hurricane's all that was a Hugo
Was that the one that went just off the coast three years ago?
I think you go
Yeah, it sounds familiar and don't you remember that day when he was getting everybody in the whipped up
It was already past day and already even past Broward
Here's the mayor of dead county getting on the air, but I mean fight about it
It was already we're looking at it on the TV
It's already moving into Palm Beach County and then of course Al sunshine to it is big fat ham hocks
Who luckily I haven't seen on TV when I've been around home this time?
And I hope I never see him again. He's up there bitching out the people of the Florida and up there in the for a lot of
Just because they were open to feed some people. Oh
Well, they told you you're supposed to be close aren't you ashamed in his waving his big fat ham and by the way, I have a BLT
And I thought that was the most embarrassing thing I ever saw the fact that he was actually stuffing his fat face while he was
Biction him out for being open and then was skate took some take out with him
He had a doggy bag. You know the cheese meatloaf is really he's a crap al fat sunshine you a ham hock
turd
You and Michelle Gilliamann the two out of your low. I think it's the same person
Yeah, I think I've seen him together
Just on his fat face. He's Al sunshine. How does the watching him do it on channel six by the way?
She's still on Kelly Craig. I heard she I heard she flopped off the edge of the screen. She pulled a big game
We love you Kelly, but lose announce please
WDQ Ann. Hello
WDQ Ann. Hello
Hello, yes sir
Is Neil in you're speaking to him. Oh, how are you doing?
I'm doing fantastic
Great
I have a little bit of information. I don't have time to rinse still the same at 140 miles an hour sustained winds in the center of this hurricane
Well, and moving toward the west northwest is about 16 miles an hour
The central pressure that was measured by the hurricane hundreds earlier in the morning
937 millibars as it continues its westward movement we will continue to what this is unacceptable that that was the 8 a.m
The new one the 11 a.m. One is out right now because they come in 10 minutes before each hour
And they're still I'm the I'm the weather channel. They're still peddling in news that's three hours old shame on you people
I'm going online right now on Noah. I'm getting out the arc. I'm getting to a very animal
I'm going online right now on Noah
One moment please okay if this computer will ever move
Right about rainfall see on the order of one to three inches around the Dominican Republic
But of course very heavy rainfall very strong winds into the Turks and the Kicos and also into the Bahamas
This visible satellite an actual photograph from a satellite of the hurricane shows
They're gonna be a damn thing over there. We're sort of a large area hurricane force winds extend 80 miles outside
Oh my god. The center of this hurricane. It's projected path would bring it toward the Florida coast
Time this weekend it could actually begin to affect the southern coast of Florida as early as late tomorrow night or Friday morning
But if it's path takes a little bit more to an Easterly turn it will be probably Sunday or Monday before it begins to affect the Georgia coast or the South Carolina coast
Right the path still the jury out on this however it is definitely going to impact and otherwise they don't know crap
Just like with Charlie man. Sorry Charlie
They don't know anything and they still got the ATM advisory on there
Don't we have one every three hours at 11 o'clock?
Are we supposed to have a new one supposed to that's our reason I put that crap on her interrupted that very important call
Maybe he wanted to tell us that Greg Vuelo and Don Agony are doing mornings on WGMA 640 AM
It's an adult standards format station old fart station not adult old old ancient Frank Sinatra
We're going to destroy some don't have any pain if you see a sand
They're followed by Chuck Zink and Joyce Kaufman. Oh my god skip her up check. I think it says it all says right here
Please Tom or on it. Yes playing old old music
Well, even the geriatric have to make a living you know times are tough these days
Now that the president wants you to put your social security into um
Here we come more stuff
Go's
Bob and Tom are on the gator 98.7 FM which you can pick up in date with the power FM from radio shank or listen online at
Bob and Tom.com well in the car. It's kind of hard to listen online
But I bet you're gonna try tomorrow morning listen to Bob. I love Bob and Tom. They are great
The guy in the mornings 88.9 FM is Frank Kansola. He's quite a character
I swear that I heard the name Bob Lasseter on WKAT yesterday
Wow, what word did you say?
I'm worried I'll just Bob Lasseter on this thing. Can we take him off of here?
Of course not LAS dash. No, I'm not talking about on there. I'm talking about on uh he used to have that uh
Oh, we go. Oh no
We don't want to lose old Bob Lasseter. I didn't know he was dead
Also, it says please get Bill Cabrine to make a fart drop like us
Like squirt squirt a fart fart drop
We can't do that. I think he's doing fart fart
Just saying fart fart fart. That's not a bad idea
We'll have to check with Joyce not Joyce Kaufman better own
Joyce the legal beagle over there in the way we do the S-
In fact, I don't know if we can say fart fart. I think the answer is no
We can't say it. We can't do it. We can't smell it unless it's in the elevator
And what the abesities did drop did it probably smells like grits
Let's say oh, and now what is this my wife telling me to take out the garbage actually
I'm a says John in Columbia South Carolina. No chronic John the fax
I have no idea what that means you
He was listening to I miss this uh-huh
Well, that wouldn't that come out of the category of other we would we wouldn't dignify putting I miss on there because he's only got about
Listeners, so why would we put him on his even out in the market?
I will be a South Carolina. I think that's the perfect market for the I man of course sounds perfect to me
Would that cowboy hat it would be a ranch and buying the farm and all the other crap a dead man in the uh in a cowboy suit
Before tuning into Neil today. I listened to we have 269 votes already. I'm impressed. Aren't you?
Sure what howard sperm 62 for howie all right nice going Greg
You idiot
On no radio doll 51
scare America 47 for error America
Maybe we don't know something maybe there's somewhere missing other radio 27
Joe rose 26 first day on 790 this morning nice going Joe baby
He sounded really good
Good. I mean, I'm not interested in what he's talking about, but uh, it didn't make any difference
Oh, he was talking about Zach and the donuts are like that. That was good
26 for Joe Rose on ESPN 790 the ticket where all the sports nerds are going is Greg kisses the sports audience goodbye
NPR 21
Lexingtonery 11 Ron and Paul 8 Bob and Tom 7
WYOD 6 mr. ego 3 I guess he just castes vote
43 and power 96 none now how come we got three oh that's right they're white
They're anglos listen to y100 they are aren't they I don't know who they are
Teenagers five isn't that one yet you never met anybody that listen to y100
I have a teenager she has lots of friends we've uh talked about it
They don't know anybody that listens to y100 well maybe nobody that maybe footy voted and is uh
Two kids I ran into him the other day footy. Yeah, I don't I don't know him
I've never met him he does like me I'll tell you that hey apparently not he was uh awfully chummy for what it's worth
Could have been fake well, then why do you say apparently not?
Because I've heard those stories as well. Oh, he hates me right that this is the worst radio in history mankind
And then I'm uh whatever you know, but he was awfully friendly. It was at Miami, Velvet. How did you know him?
And how do you know it was you? I was at Miami, Velvet with choice, Bradford apparently they know each other and
Troy made the introductions. Yeah
And
And nothing we shook hands and uh was it was a clammy?
Fat boy's got to hit me hand by the way. It's probably from a squeeze that came too hard
Orman firm. Don't ever squeeze came too hard. Let's say pay for us as your station management
Can't wait if there's an interruption on your show for McCain Francis you'd go not saying I don't want it that way
My show so they have any updates in your show you still come oh look at this
This is old star puts who used to be a little uh little uh
Jerry
Squeakly Jerry now he's uh typing it out. We welcome any an all interruption. That's right. I know
The point I was making is we don't need the interruptions. We're putting it on from the weather channel
That was my point is that we're perfectly competent to see her and discuss it ourselves Pedro
KKA little Jerry aka whatever other misfit name you're on aim is today
Debbie says the best site for weather is www.
www.underground.com
Click on topics all kinds of great maps great tracking wonderful graphics and the world is coming to an end
Your breasts are beautiful
Your
the
school
so
So I gave one, I was dead, say what's no point.
What's my teeth, Harry?
In a bowl with more between the skies and high.
My teeth, tell me now.
She doesn't teach her sports.
Stop!
As if she's always crying.
Stop, stop!
She's wimble when she's forced.
Blower and bush and honey fell tonight.
Three days were short, boys and chess boys.
Not so bad, can't feel.
Wild and wise, will be rich and fat.
And smells just like the mad and sore.
A sad, a big hat.
Blower and bush, we've got the sun is for dying.
I'm a bad guy with bloody terrible things.
Maybe we'll blame it all first.
Maybe it wasn't bad boy smell so bad this morning.
Maybe there was the magic sauce from the big match they were eating in her own eye.
Could have been.
Anyway, here's the 11 o'clock advisory, which came a couple of minutes late,
which left the, with the channel people like, with Schmidt on their face,
little egg on their pus.
Anyway, 11 o'clock this morning, the Ia Hurricane Francis was located near
lightitude 21.7 north, longitude 69.8 west or about 85 miles east of Grand
Turk Island.
Remember the Turk?
Good with a knife.
But only better's business.
Right.
And 735 miles east southeast of the Florida East Coast.
735 miles east southeast of the Florida East Coast.
It's moving toward the west, northwest, near 16 miles an hour.
No change.
The general track is expected to continue during the next 24 hours with a gradual decrease
in forward speed.
That's good news for us.
On this track, the core of the Hurricane will be passing near over the Turks and Keko
islands and the south eastern Bahamas during the next 24 hours.
That will be the last time you'll see the Bahamas.
So if you like the old gamble there, I'd do it right now.
Well, Maximum sustained winds remain your 140 miles an hour with higher gusts.
It's still a category for a cat for on the safer Simpson Hurricane scale.
While fluctuations in intensity expected during the next 24 hours,
Francis could still intensify a little bit more before reaching the Hurricane Warning
area.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of the Bahamas issued a hurricane warning
for a whole bunch of places, but we don't care about them, do we?
For the central Bahamas, which includes cat, cat's the cat, exumus,
Long Islands, Rumkay and San Salvador, and Hurricane Watch for the Northwest Bahamas,
which includes the Avacose and Rose Berry Islands, Vimini,
Blutra, Grand Bahama and New Providence, and Partridge and Perthry.
So that's the latest on it. Don't panic unless you want to.
If you want to get all blurry-eyed and all bend out of shape and run around,
banging on plywood and doing all these things, knocking down the door,
Lindsey Lumber and at Home Depot, go ahead.
Oh, and what's the one? What's the one that they call the Home Depot?
Yeah, they showed some clips last night. They were actually drilling glory holes in there.
Wait, wait, that's a good place to do it because you're gonna have all the tools to do it there if you hold it.
Right, depot, yeah.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line.
Got a whole pile of stuff here. Let's see, a horrible stir out of Russia.
I'll keep my eye on that, my brown eye.
Democratic leaders urge Kerry campaign changes.
I can't imagine why, can you?
Democratic leaders increasingly concerned that John Kerry's presidential campaign
is a drift, are urging the presidential nominee to make changes in the staff
before Labor Day. I'm not gonna happen though, they said this morning,
no major changes. No change.
If not said one party strategist, it could be too late,
sources say major changes could come at the campaign's highest level,
but don't look like it.
The concern according to these sources is that Kerry has failed to effectively
respawn with tax from Republicans and criticism of his military service in Vietnam,
especially those ads from that group calling itself the Swiftboat Line veterans for truth,
several campaign sources dismiss talk about major shake-up and these sources acknowledge
that there will be some changes in the coming days, some evolving roles at the campaign's senior level.
We don't have a Carval or a Big Gala said a senior Kerry official.
We can't mimic what happened in 92, yada yada yada, in a partridge and a pear tree.
You watch that stuff last night? I sure didn't.
Laura Bush makes me want to puke.
She is so, um, God.
Yes she is.
Redneck Vanilla.
Yeah. She probably even takes a BC powder.
Don't you think?
Where does she take it?
Back home.
In the bathroom.
5667-0560-0.560 on a Verizon Wireless and new singular wireless line.
Before tuning in to Neil today, I listen to Howard Stern, 80 of you,
80 people, 22% were listening to the best of Howard this morning.
And we are pleased as punch about that.
Did we ever have that? I don't know if we did or not.
No radio 64, Air America 62, Joe Rose 34-foot little dog, 34.
Yeah, that's good.
It's not just good, it's phenomenal.
Nice going Greg.
Other radio 33, NPR 27, Fab and Tom 14, wait till you hear these three.
Fab and Tom 14, not even in Data Broward.
Lexan Terry 12, Paul and Ancient Ron 11.
WIOD7, Steve Cain's 3, 43, and Power 96 is still got the old big.
I got nothing. WQAM, hello.
Oh, Neil, the start thing's got me a little worried.
No, okay Reverend, Joe.
In fact, maybe it'll blow your ass away. That would be good.
That would be one good thing you could do this.
Not necessarily a strike this area, but just make a quick pit stop and blow him
at his boyfriend away. It would be really good. WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, it's the Roger Show.
It sounds like me, yeah.
Yeah, it sounds like you're George.
No.
You sound like George.
Well, try to sound a little more like George, like me and I'm like,
what can I do for you, sir?
Is he not any calls or not?
I'm taking your call right now. I'm pocketing.
I just got through saying this is Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil and more.
It's a nail, well, yes.
So what happens when you're gone?
You're only on for two days out of the week.
You forget.
Not anymore. I'm not. I'm on full time now, baby.
So let's have a full time conversation for about 10 seconds.
I wish I had enough intelligence for the last 10 minutes of airspace.
Yeah, I said 10 seconds.
I just want to say, I just listen to your comments on the first lady.
I mean, that's pretty severe, man.
Oh, it's pretty severe.
Okay, right. That bitch you talking about.
What an idiot. That's pretty severe.
Pretty severe. What a silly bitch.
It's a lady.
Yeah, the first lady.
The man be panned for his lady and her husband.
And I'd like to fact she admitted that her husband was still the same piece of crap now.
They was when she married him when he was a coaxed Norton drunk.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And now he's a dry drunk, whatever.
Well, here's the official.
Over here.
You people that continue.
Oh, look at this.
Well, no, I'd like to say thank you.
Oh, this is good.
Because this is from the NOAA website.
And it shows the official track now.
Well, let me see if it's really moved at all.
Not really.
Only the time has been changed to protect the innocent.
8 a.m. Friday.
They're showing it like right over the Bahamas over the Nasa as a matter of fact.
Oh, oh.
Nasa.
Can you believe what's going to happen on those casinos?
Might just actually get blown away.
Yeah, man.
Wow, that would be bad, wouldn't it?
And then we got at the 8 a.m. Monday, they got it all way up there in Georgia, Southwest
in Georgia, after it's done.
They're showing it coming on shore here in the central Florida, like northeast of the lake,
which would be what?
Fort Pierce?
Now, a little south of Fort Pierce.
I make it clear.
Now, that's Jupiter, north of the North.
From what I'm looking at here.
Stuart?
Okay.
Where's Viral?
Well, they're north of there.
Fort Pierce, Stuart.
Okay.
So, it's right.
Well, I've heard this is showing.
I mean, but they still do have the big light bulb thing on there, the big ice cream cone.
And it looks like a Brian Norcrosses.
Look at this one a couple of times.
And then it's like straight up across the panhandle in the Southwest in Georgia by Monday morning.
Well, that's what they're showing right now.
That's the anticipated track.
Two loose left track.
But we'll see.
So just a chronic event.
Well, let's know when it's safe to come out.
Just calm down.
Or if you want, you can get all hysteric and go out there and fight your neighbors and go out there and get really ugly.
That's my water.
That's my plywood.
Those are my damn light bulbs.
That's my radio.
That's my generator.
And, you know, be a nice friendly south, everybody.
And, like we've always been here.
Sure.
Times of crisis bring us together.
Not like the alien business.
That's right.
By the way, Dave Slater got 14 votes in Dave County last night.
Nice going, Dave.
Right now, Armstrong, four of homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining ones.
So, we're getting 0.4.
Here's just some of the great deals waiting on you right now.
And, 0.4, F-150 pickup, just a dollar over invoice.
New 0.4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, Crown VIX, Taurus' and Focuses.
All waiting for you, it's just a dollar over invoice.
Only at Armstrong, four of homestead.
Plus, Armstrong, four of it offers more value to its local customers.
They're loyal customers.
When you buy a four from Armstrong, four of it, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's right.
Tires and batteries for life.
And, the value you'll get at Armstrong, four, doesn't stop there.
Right now, you get a free Florida Sunpass with any vehicle purchase.
If you're pressed for time, Armstrong, four of those are your time as valuable.
So, call them at 305-247-51-12 and shop by phone.
They'll even deliver your new vehicle right to you, right to your door.
Armstrong, four of homestead locally owned and operated a treat you just like family and I guarantee you.
You will not get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in no way, no how, no bait and switch, no phoney deals.
At Armstrong, four of homestead, 307-25 South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check out the web, ArmstrongCars.com.
Grab a little and save a ton on the great new Ford only from Armstrong, four of homestead.
You're listening to me, you little new Roger.
Exclusively, on 560-280.
Go Roger.
That was the redri-
Wow.
Hey Dwight, take a look at this.
Every time I watch my TV, this government looks at TV with many nice games.
Back to you.
I wonder if Jim and Golem went to disco, midnight bowling after work one busy day.
Did they want the beach head in hand while listening to Strysanth and drinking low-carp beers?
Did they give a liking to nature that a poster of play majors while pinching each other's wings?
Jim, Dwight, can't wait to play, but she stands by her man.
I bet she'd like to stick his head in a fan, because that's the plan.
We don't understand.
Will Jim move into Manhattan and wear a robust setman while walking through the tarmac?
Will McGree be the sixth guy redoing Strayman on queer eye and go clubbing after dollar?
Absolutely.
Every time I watch my TV, this government McGree be is knitting that he's gay.
He can have direct deposit now that he's out on the cloud, but no one cares he goes that way.
Back to you.
Level 17-560WDQAM.
Now let's take a look.
This is a good time to end this poll and start the other one, because we've got an even 400 vote.
Alright, don't you think that's a good term?
Before tuning into Neil today, I listened to Howard Sturry 92 out of 423%.
No radio at all, 73.
Air America 69.
Joel Rose, the little dog, 43 on his day-to-day morning on 790 The Ticket.
ESPN Radio.
790 The Ticket.
Joel Rose.
He got the forensic, he got 43.
Not that I'm promoting it.
Other radio, whatever it might have been, 36.
NPR 29.
Bob and Tom 16.
Ron and ancient Paul 15.
Lexan Terry 13.
Lexan Luther.
WYOD 7.
Steve Kane, Mr. Ego 3.
And Power 96.
Oh!
There ain't no sloppover between us and King Curry's crowd, is there?
No.
Why not?
Demographics.
Well, that's a sad ass excuse.
What is that all about?
Oh, here's somebody just that fact to me, this is a map, a map of Florida.
Okay.
And I think I'm a little bit off.
Okay, what I'm saying?
Where's the other one, the tracking thing from 11 o'clock this morning?
Which they have brought itself, from 11 o'clock yesterday morning,
which I saved that one.
They showed it coming on shore like way up there north of Orlando.
Now the new one shows further south, but not this far south.
I would say more like Port St.
Let me look, I don't want to say that.
Fort Pierce, in Bureau, is that what I said before?
Yes.
I stand by my statement.
And don't forget Pahoki, a little bit.
Huh?
Have you ever been in Pahoki and had that good cherry pie?
I told you about years ago, man, that's the best cherry pie.
I never get arrested.
Oh, look at that, isn't that sad?
Isn't that sad?
That one's back again.
The unmentionedable one on the fax machine, one different unmentionedable one.
Very sad.
5,6,7,0,5,6,6, we got a lot of open lines there.
They were, well, I didn't want to take any calls before they were foaming at them out.
Remember that?
Right.
They were smoking like we're giving away $500 bills.
Now that I'm thinking about maybe taking a few, it's like, ah, not too exciting.
5,6,7,0,5,6, the pound 5,6, the our new tool for Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless
line.
And the price is right.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, you know, it's a pleasure listening to you after listening to Stern and those
Polaron guys.
It's good to have you back in the radio, man.
Okay.
You're the best.
You're the number one show in the morning.
Okay.
Got it, now.
Thanks for the look job, pal.
Okay.
And Brian will let you look his ice cream, too.
He'll let you look his colon.
In fact, he's going to be here in a margin.
So, we'll have a good time.
Yeah, Jeff will let you look him.
Yeah, Jeff wants to come in tomorrow and order the show a little bit.
It's a lot cheaper than buying spots on the show and subsidizing our livelihood.
5,6,7,0,5,6, the, I'm going to have to get used to pound 5,6, the, on the Verizon Wireless
and Singular Wireless line.
What happened to the other one?
I'll wait a while.
And don't go into it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
You're getting that mic upset again.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, pal.
Listen, now listen to your conversation about the BTC earlier.
And I got to say it made me laugh because we go out to our drinking drink.
The best thing is the BTC when you go to bed, buddy.
If you have curled chowder, man, there ain't nothing like a BTC powder.
You guys are in a great job.
Keep up the fight, my friend.
Thanks a lot, pal.
And have a great day.
See, these people are in a good mood.
They're not getting all, oh, I see.
Well, OK, well, don't get all out.
I don't want to discuss any of that stuff.
You're right.
This sponsor that I don't want to get mad Mike is a person in a ringer region, OK?
FYI, man, oh, man, I thought I noticed a hair follicleer to grow into this one.
He saw me drive it in luckily for him.
My clicker wasn't working on the parking lot thing this morning.
Yeah, he was just coming out the door.
And what when he saw me, he made a UEU, you have never seen anything,
even Huey and Dewey never saw a UE like that.
I'm sure he does.
He's a wonderful guy.
No, he's not.
No one.
He is not.
He's a bizarre.
He's weird.
He's strange.
Maybe you should party with it.
I have to get close.
Oh, man.
Woo!
You first.
Let me know how it was.
How it was.
That is really a panic.
OK, here's our next poll itself.
How do you rate?
And if this is a court through Republican Convention, now that it gets a spotlight,
the first lady, that guy, that had to be a put on, OK?
Before you kidnman, like if we were ripping Hillary, would you have...
Well, Hillary even say anything about it, and the same with Bubba, that was OK.
But these people are right where you're...
OK, that's disrespectful talking about the president then.
Yeah, right.
He gives a blow without your ass.
You're right where you're...
Hippocrates.
Fulmies.
How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president?
Is our poll question...
Get rid of the other one, because we got the message.
Here are your choices, two, four, six, seven choices.
Here they are.
Outstanding.
Good.
OK.
OK.
Media-ocer.
Week.
A disaster.
And it better be his last.
Question was, how do you rate his first term?
It better be his last.
I think I'm going to vote for that one.
It better for our sake, for the world's sake, for the sake of the human race, everybody.
It better be his last.
The universe.
I mean, all those dead people, we apologize, all the ones who died, the military, and all the civilians over there,
and everybody else who died in the wake of this, because we just happen to...
Ooh, it was kind of like when we bombed the Chinese embassy, you know.
Right.
Oops.
Mistake.
Well, this was it.
These people deserve it.
Remember they attacked us.
That's right, they had it coming because they attacked us on 9-11.
Well, it wasn't them, but it was people who looked a lot like them.
No, not really.
No, they smell like them too.
But they were near there.
Don't forget, join George and Book of Brian for a happy hour, 5-7 this afternoon at Treasure Island.
They'll be going right off the...
And Miguel, he'll be there too to get some...
Located right off the Palmetto just north of the 122nd Street exit, when Pryze and Checkout this week's feature, Chona Jason.
Yes, she's hot.
By the way, Chona secular.
She's hot.
And she's going to be there, handing them some...
It does make it gymnastics and martial arts routines.
Does she read?
Yes, she does.
Maybe she's wrestling with her conscience about it right now.
I'll wrestle with her.
So go on, see George, your wrestle with Miguel and Book of Brian.
And see who comes out with the biggest ball spot.
Let's see.
Here's what it says.
Day after day, we are the target, Brevard County, Melbourne, Cocoa Titusville, KSC, from the chronic and cocoa boarding up and ready to flee.
Okay.
I think he's got a point.
I think Brevard County might be a...
Melbourne?
I'd be way more nervous if I were in the North.
Tom Bay.
The North, Florida, there.
Send me a little bit of Melbourne.
Jordan, Tom Bay?
Sure.
Not too early now.
What a...
It's kind of like trailer trash without the trailers.
Well, I'm here that there are trailers.
Yeah, there are.
But I just...
Not my cup of tea up there.
Earl Gray.
Just not for me.
Not for Brevard County.
I mean, with all the respect, I'm sure we have some people up there.
We have somebody to eat up there in Port St. Lucille, Lusley, Lusley, or Conte.
Is that in Brevard County, Port St. Lucille?
Well, I'm looking at my map and loosely speaking.
This isn't have counties on it.
Yeah, it does.
Port St. Lucille is in...
Yeah, in Brevard County.
Very good.
What county is that in North that's got rural beats and forth pierce?
There are 67 counties in Florida, so I apologize about the algorithm.
I've been on...
I can't know them all, okay?
Yeah, I know three.
What's Martin County?
Could that be it?
It could be.
I mean, I'm not through the ball, I'm fine.
But I don't bother to remember, right?
And on West Coast, you've got your Lee County, right, his Fort Myers.
Lee, okay.
High your county.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
Yes, I'm here, sir.
Speak to me.
Speak to me before it's too late.
Do you remember a couple of years back, you were having a problem finding out that
I had to shake somebody own?
No, I don't.
Oh, well, I called you.
It gave you the answer for that.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, well, I was that, and this is now.
Let's get a little more current now.
Oh, right.
Now, let's update the material.
I caught a little part of that Tuck of Carlton that's Drake with the boat, right?
Yeah.
Now, did he quote that or did he generalist?
That was in his interview in Esquire magazine.
That's what he said.
He said it.
I can't believe that little shake.
Yeah.
Hypocrite.
I can't stand him through again with anyway.
It goes to show he's nothing but a horror man.
They put him there on TV to say anything he wants.
Thank God his liberals aren't like that.
Now, what did you want me to say?
Nothing.
It's just a joke.
Could he just relax?
Jesus.
Everybody is so uptight.
I don't know how to lie down.
I don't know how to lie down.
Wrong here.
Why is everybody so uptight here?
Toronto everybody is laid back.
They're friendly.
There's no stress.
You look at me there.
They're 100.
But here everybody is like, oh, yeah.
If you look at somebody across it.
Just relax.
Any disease?
How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president is our poll question today?
And in just a matter of moments, we got 72 votes.
It better be his last 48.
Well, just like we said, we've got a Theresa LaPour and Miriam Elephant and Alice Penis Picania yesterday.
We can do the same for W on November 2.
We can make the difference.
Just like Chicago said in that song.
We can make a difference.
What was the song?
Beginnings?
No.
I'll take your word for it.
25 or 64?
No.
Oh, it's my favorite Chicago song, too.
Well, then it won't be good.
Anyway.
No, you know the one I'm talking about, I do.
Or something.
Right.
With a lot of heavy drum.
Disaster 15, he's a Disaster Bush.
He's doing good, three.
No.
He's a whole day, is it?
Outstanding.
No, yeah, right.
Saturday in the park.
Get out of here.
Outstanding three.
Week two, mediocre one, and okay.
I bet you still two.
Okay.
No.
All right.
It's the one that, oh, I can't believe you.
27 past 11 at 5, 60.
I'm guaranteed for some silly ass, uh, uh, one of those hip-hop songs you wouldn't have either.
I know all the silly asss, but I don't know what either.
You wouldn't know what either.
You wouldn't know what either.
You wouldn't know what either.
You wouldn't know what either.
Mr. Paranoia.
Father Paranoia.
Over the years, I've talked a lot about Chuck Alphier.
I forgot you balding, guys, out there.
Charlie's the best in the business.
For over 35 years, he's provided an amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100% undetectable.
And right now, Charlie's introducing the very latest in hair restoration.
There's new deal, it's called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment.
It's used for treating fine and thinning here.
This new treatment that's FDA-certified, we store it here in scale back to its healthiest state,
while increasing hair shaft density in volume.
And there's nothing like it in your shaft density increased.
The New Laser Light Therapy and its cool light laser device is effective on both men and women.
And it's a painless, non-invasive treatment that is complete in just about a half an hour and about about 30 minutes.
Get in stickin'.
Well, I don't wanna carve a wagon spot, I don't drink beer and I don't like what.
I don't have a girl with this cow in mind.
I think right on the harvest bar.
I grew a long beer and wear a fluffy hat.
I can turn you some butter in a big old fat.
You can't save my picture and that is bad.
Thank God I'm on the harvest bar.
I don't know what a walkman's eating a computer, but my first cousin said,
he's getting some outer rain band activity here and probably one to three inches at least.
I have a simple life that's full of joy, thank God I'm on the harvest bar.
See, herking for a swing within the next 24 hours, that's why we have warnings up for the Bahamas, the Turks of Kicos,
at least the southern portion of the Bahamas.
I said it to my sister, I said it.
I wonder if I'll be an American island.
And she said, no, it's not.
Now I'm living in the city on a TV show, here I have the new phrases like,
crack cold, don't have to go outside to go.
Do we have for an orange bar?
Now I'm wrapping it a little, I'm doing a lot of shopping going to the beach instead of three shopping.
But just you'll three and not stop in.
No, never an orange bar.
On the 33, 27, no, no, we got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog today,
it's two, but we got a bizarre schedule on there.
Today is Wednesday, and it last time I checked.
Yes it is.
We got the Marlon game tomorrow, a one-ten start, or we excited about that, and maybe,
how come we haven't heard any more about that Duble hitter on Friday?
I guess they're waiting for the hurricane to fall.
Now what's the name of that Chicago song?
Dialogue. Dialogue.
I was just going to reach and grab the book there, a dialogue, parts one and two.
That's crazy, we're going for the book.
I wish I had that here right now, it's about seven and a half minutes cut.
We could play it twice and go home.
Sounds like a plan for the pregame before the Marlon game tomorrow.
Dialogue.
They were really good until Terry Calf Lewis brings out a little Russian relapse.
They were the same.
Bobby went on the land and Peter Satira butch stuff had all of them kids I still think he's bad.
No, I don't think he's bad, I think he's something.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless line.
We are singularly pretty excited about this week.
Are we?
I think a lot of people will see the excuse would be that people that don't have kids.
This is their last big vacation at the summertime before Labor Day, right?
Right, so they're all gone.
They all bailed out last few days.
And I think a lot of other people, the word I'm looking for is cowards.
Oh, the hurricane flight fleers.
They're the hurricane fleers.
They fled.
Those people are cowards.
You're supposed I could have left.
I could have gone back.
I said, oh yeah, I think we're going to have that big hurricane.
I better get out of here.
I got a place to go.
But no, here I am.
And I'm not leaving.
I'm going to be here and went a doubt.
I'm going to tough it out.
Be in the butcher world part that I am.
That's right.
Of course, we're probably safe out there in the acres.
During Andrew, I was okay.
There was a lot of blowing going on.
Yeah.
We were out of it.
I had a big tree limb came down right on my conveyor,
and I had to get out to front door as a matter of fact.
He came right down on my roof.
Huh?
No damage, though, thank God.
I don't want to have no damage.
No.
Just because you're way out west doesn't mean that you're safe.
It's no guarantee, but you're safer.
Right.
And of course, I got an online shutter's up.
Yeah.
And a plywood.
Not.
I got my galvanized steel layer.
And I got the big drums.
Now, now let me ask you this.
Why is it necessary?
I realize this is a revolutionary thing.
Why can't you just take a big bunch of plastic bottles or any kind of bottles and fill them with water?
Ooh, where are you going to get bottles, huh?
Why do you have to go to the store and clean out every bottle of water they got?
I realize we're not where you begin the tap water, but a lot of us have got like systems, you know,
we have a water thing, I got some kind of crap in here, some filter, or you can buy those.
What do they call those?
It's like a plastic jug.
Right?
You know what I'm talking about?
And it's a water purifier thing.
It's a real inexpensive thing.
But even by the way, any Kmart Wal-Mart target, douchemart, that Wal-Mart.
I can say that.
That's the right thing.
Yeah, go buy it there.
Why?
Don't buy it Wal-Mart.
How come I can say that?
I don't know.
Okay.
Well, maybe.
Now Joyce just said I can't say that again.
And then you Joyce, you bitch.
Somebody cue Am.
Hello.
Somebody cue Am.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Yes, it is.
I got three things that I wanted to comment on with.
So what do I know?
Well, first of all, although I know you probably don't give a crap, you have Howard Stern to think through the fact that I'm even listening to your show.
Well, thank you.
What do you mean I don't give a crap?
We love that.
Well, I'm glad you do.
And I think you're, you know, I haven't listened to your show very long, but it does have a lot of some similar elements to Howard's show.
And I hope you will find that insulting.
No, wait a minute.
Whatever I'm going to know.
Yeah, this is our show and he does his show and whatever everybody's got their own thing, you know.
You do the song parodies, you do the belching and you know, it's fine.
I like the show.
And we used to do the farting until Joyce told us we couldn't play fart sounds anymore.
Well, he's a jerk.
We've ever told you that.
Secondly, Port St. Lucie is in St. Lucie County.
Yeah, I'm all screwed up on it.
Somebody just faxed me a whole body.
I lived here for a hundred years.
You think I know my geography and craft, but I'm all screwed up.
Somebody just faxed me the county by county map.
And Martin County is...
Martin is in Stewart County.
I mean, Stewart's in Martin County, right?
Stewart in Martin County.
Okay, third thing.
Yes, sir.
I noticed with the coverage of the hurricane, Francis, there seems to be a dichotomy between the national broadcast and the local broadcast.
The national broadcast will tell you, you know, this thing is targeted to make landfall somewhere between, you know, Viro Beach and Jacksonville.
Right.
Whereas the local stations are...
They're going to keep bringing it back.
Bring it back.
Yeah, they're purposely vague.
And I wonder if part of the reason for that is that they're under pressure from their advertisers, such as Loads, Publix, and Home Depot, to really put it up.
Really whip it up and get people out to those stores and buy all that crap.
Everybody noticed they keep showing shots of the people.
In fact, there was one goofball on there. I think it was on Channel 7 last night, given the song at Enzba.
Well, now is the time to be getting out there to the stores and be doing it.
And I just wanted to blow his brains out with my PC here.
Yeah, they got people, they got the top of the course, by the end of the store at Publix, saying, here, come out to Publix, it's so nice.
Although we do love Publix, though.
Free advertising.
There you go. Have a great day, Cali.
Thank you, sir.
We love Publix a lot.
I do, anyway.
I like Publix a lot.
Crazy about the other one.
We don't want to talk about too many commercial enterprises, because then, Matt Michael,
he's storming around out there in the parking lot.
And who knows what kind of skill just go off, you know.
Well, there's a good thing.
We don't want to set him off.
Right. About Publix.
We are. There's a lot of Publix.
What's that good to say about Publix?
There's a fresh.
Other than the fact that there's people buggy, like a Christmas time, but I won't be here.
Yeah. Huh?
We don't like that.
I don't like that. I don't like being hassled by the girl scout cookies by the selling army people.
They always let those people hang out by the door, you know.
I thought, you know, I thought, you should shoot all the bag boys.
You got their shoe, you know, right.
I mean, I get what's your name.
I bet he ever to do the shoe, shoe song.
Yeah.
The shoe, shoe, moway.
What?
Poor St. Lucy is in St. Lucy County.
Is this a student college?
Is it?
He was pretty good.
He said, see, a lot of people think that the stirred audience are all a bunch of mouth-reading.
Right.
You know, can he even set dichotomy, which he said?
That was impressive.
He was good.
He was a good guy.
Thank you, sir.
I'm sorry, you made the whole world feel a hell of a lot better about mankind.
Stewart, as he said, is in Martin County.
I don't know my county's mystery.
That's for the angel.
I'm hoping that's the only time I've ever bothered.
Fort Pierce and Viral are in Indian River County.
You could have stuck an uzi up my ass, and I still can't even tell the answer to that.
I don't get the point of that.
I don't know from Indian River County.
And Melbourne, which I knew this one, and Palm Bay, in those places like Rivervard County,
which is also Coco Beach.
Okay.
Right?
Yes.
The Cape Crusader.
All of these things.
For Viral County.
I think for Viral County is going to get something.
I'm not really sure what.
And the exciting news is that in about ten minutes, we can go back to a martial cease and desist.
And we can go back to that vault head to geek that's awaiting to blow up Miami,
all of the other people at the Weather Channel.
Because we don't need done with all due, and again, I appreciate the fact that we have this working relationship
with the people at Channel 10.
We like to write a lot of the stuff when he's busy talking about eating.
Correct him.
Stuff that we can't say on the year anymore, but other than that, right?
Todd Tongue likes this show.
Does he?
Yeah.
Dwight's eating and Todd's tongue up.
The world is in the deep air.
The world is in the deep air.
The world is in the deep air.
The world is in the deep air.
The world is in the deep air.
The world is in the deep air.
The world is in the deep air.
The world is in the deep air.
Coming up tonight, and inside the behind, the Choo-Honeywood celebrity music biography profile story.
In the Discawera, they dressed as construction workers, cops, Indians, bikers, and cowboys.
Jobs that weren't quite gay enough at the time.
Name with a village people.
I've been a real construction worker for 25 years, but I guess I had something to learn from a faulty construction worker who does the nasty with men.
Since leaving public life, the village people have turned their queer eye to inject stereotypes with style.
So, your work involves nailing stods all day and cat-calling women.
Well, you've got the first part right, but can we come up with something more interesting to yell at the women who walk by.
So, how about that?
Yeah, probably.
So much people construction worker David Hodo.
Yep, his name is Hodo.
When you guys yell, hey, hot stuff, can I get some?
You might as well be asking her how much you feel before.
Instead, try, mm-hmm, sweetheart, that dress is working for you.
And look at that perfect little rump.
If my to she was that firm, I'd bounce balls off of this.
That's all good, perfect.
Nobody bounces balls off my plot.
Damn, there was Felipe Rose, the Indian in the village people, who affirmed his Native American lineage through official paperwork and a misdemeanor identity theft.
By living with the Navajo Nation, who are totally cut by the way, I've been adding a little power, wow!
To the rain dances with traditionally-so-led text loincloths, and now they've named me Chief Zanzus erect.
Uh-huh, what are they talking about?
Jimmy! Jimmy!
The cop, the biker and the cowboy are also hoeing the same road.
Hold it right there!
Can't sell.
No, it's angels' rule.
Unless they insist on wearing a leather jacket with no shirt.
Hello, beer belly, not sexy.
Here you go, Jeff Rose.
The village people.
You don't have to dress up like a cowboy to be gay, but it sure helps.
It's a big, juicy, sapping, wet, lick-a-chove-is-its tonight.
Uninside the behind.
189 votes and a boy pool, baby.
How do you rate GW Bush's first term as president?
President Dufus, it better be his last, that's what 114 of us said, that's what I said.
And damn, well better be a dang, well better be, damn it.
Disaster 47, outstanding 9.
Robert Creeper voted 9 times.
That's the only number he knows anyway, right Robert?
Yeah.
Week 6, mediocre 5, okay, 4 and good 4.
So if you take the positive ones, they're outstanding, okay, good, that's like, what?
17 out of 180, 90.
That's not too bad.
Huh?
Well, you know, it's just this crap.
I know, it's just our crowd, all of us by the way, are going to vote 40, 50 times, come on November.
Factor the man.
Anyway, Tracy and Kendall.
The sky is falling.
Says, could you please play the sky's falling drop.
The sky is falling.
I just got home from trying the shop at Costco.
I was driven out by the hordes of frantic people, buying water, screaming, where's the tuna,
and check out Lyme's Almos' longs, Eska.
Jessica, she'll tell you.
Where's the tuna and check out Lyme's Almos' longs, Eska, it's still itself.
Have a great time going to hide under the bed, now says Tracy and Kendall.
Good luck to you, Tracy.
And every once in a while, just stick your head out and go like that, okay?
When a doubt living out, we're making you feel better.
I don't think we're getting it, but again in about a couple of minutes, because they got the yokele forecast down there.
Look at that, it's a bomb, it's only 89.
I walked out there yesterday when I left here and I said to myself, how have I lived here all these years?
About 30, man.
That's how, man.
And I did it again this morning, go out there to get my newspapers at like seven o'clock in the morning.
And it's just suffocating, right?
See the heat in Vegas, for example, is very intense, you've been there, it's 115 in the shade,
and don't give me the sound of dance. Well, it only feels like 112.
It's hot, but it's not draining like this heat, because here, like yesterday, it was like 92 when it said the heat index is 104.
It feels like 175 in the shade, it's just draining, humid, and thick.
Man, pressure.
It is so much freaking thick, and the heat too.
Well, listen, we got the important stuff coming on, like I said, the local forecast throws me all the time,
because there's never changes.
And they always say every day, low in your 80, how can the low be in your 80?
Yeah.
The high in Toronto every day is like 73, 75, 77.
Oh, I know, it's a lot of going on. It's up in Canadian.
Somebody Jews up there, I know, too many Indians, too many people seeking, too many Sikhs seeking.
And everybody, oh, look at that. This weekend, rain thunderstorms and wind.
But I guess they're anticipating the big blow from Francis.
Right.
I would call when the wind jays sun came to see my husband, Carl Session,
and told him that radio was the coming thing in America.
Oh, hang on a second, Jay.
And I'm Stephanie Abrams, and we have a monster of a storm brewing in the Atlantic.
Here is a look at Hurricane Francis still cracking mass and sustained winds of 140 miles per hour.
No doubt about it. It is going to affect the United States over the next couple of days.
As it moves off toward the west, northwest at 16 mile an hour, we will continue to see it gain...
It's expected to gain strength.
It's expected to gain strength.
And bearing down now on the Turks and Kekos and the southern Bahamas,
Hurricane warnings are out for all of these islands.
Yeah, it means that we will see the likelihood of Hurricane Force winds and probably well above Hurricane Force winds.
What's your lab at the next 20-20?
Topical 4-11.
The Great Brother.
The Great Brother.
The Great Brother.
The Great Brother.
The Great Brother.
The Great Brother.
They will be fallen.
Will probably see at least 3 edges of rainfall along the coastal regions perhaps more,
and of course the brunt of it being taken by the islands up towards the Bahamas.
Did they really get an idea because it's abandoned?
I've been living in very large complexes.
At 22 mile diameter, eye on this thing and as it continues to move toward the west,
it's expected to impact the United States probably the coast of Florida by as early as tomorrow's nights...
President Cambodian.
everything that vivid in that week and no doubts Florida the southern coast of
South Carolina Georgia coast with all of you watching out and making our plans
now in case an evacuation or why do I seven dead now in that Russian school
the tax seven go and check on your neighbors too you know with Charlie a lot of
folks said well I had no place to go make sure your neighbors have somewhere to
go all right and do that now we're also what my neighbors you're out of luck
here moving off the coast of Africa this is stay the hell away I look at this
now he's showing another thing we don't see what I mean about the horseball
job that they're doing that's not good what kind of coverage was that all you
just want them to be obsessed about our business no no what did you just tell
you this is a category for almost maybe a five before you know it and this
guy is talking us about hurricane Howard you know everything is Howard Howard
Stern Howard David it Howard absolutely hurricane Howard Howard Hughes new
movie coming out exactly with what's his name you know something that is so
ridiculous Leo Leo sure you know what that's like that would be like that would
be like sliced alone playing Albert Einstein I mean it's just it's so ludicrous
Leo DeCaprio is Howard Hughes don't you see a lot similar he's the crazy in a
good way years be like Michael Jackson playing Walter Mondale I mean I don't
get it you know something missing he knows somebody seven people were killed as
armed attackers during the school in southern Russia to at least 100 people
hostage the Russian media be saying now children parents and teachers were
headed heard in the schools they gathered for a ceremony marking the first
day of class the attack is issued demands to Russian authorities threaten to
kill the children in her facts news agency said there was shooting at the time of
the attack as well as afterward they said seven people were killed four wounded
in the attack which took place around one o'clock in the morning our time at
least 15 armed attackers rushed the school in town of Vesla in the North Ossetia
Russia's federal security service had some reportedly were wearing
explosive belts used in suicide bombings on a bomb a grande man what are we
gonna do about those bastards the chechens all of them they know probably
suicide the bomb and people know they they don't mind us they don't care about
us we're small potatoes they got the road issues they busy with that the
punting guy oh I can't say that mad dog get upset all right good all yeah
flat of your poop a Putin tanks how do you rate George W Bush's first
term as president I bet you this one's gonna get a few votes boys and girls
237 already in just like what he changed it about a half an hour less they're
about 25 minutes it better be as last 141 that's how you read that one it
better be as last 141 disaster 58 well said especially for those people who
I did outstanding 14 week eight mediocre seven good five and okay yeah but
wait yeah the wait a second okay that's the one four well he want to say a few
extra words he likes that right wing fact that I understand when thanks
giving time for a little needs the right wing of the turkey no that's the only
one he nibbles on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of Verizon
wireless and singular wireless line wq a m hello okay
we want to relate some information to you how easy it is to register vote yes online
you go to 90 day back of website if you're in day county yes all right I'm sure
brown has a room with these are do and you just download the just print the
forms out sign it if you register to vote before you that does just put your
driver's license number and send it in the mail to the supervisor election just
you've never registered I hear do is fill out the form and send a copy of your
ID and you don't have to go to any office you don't do nothing there you go and
you have to be 29 days before the election on the world so you can play a time
man play the time and you know I thought I hated that culture but this Michelle
Malik character I just like her so much how about Laura anger him when you like to
beat her with a two by four no I like to beat Michelle Malik more how about
if we just line the three of them up for you because he you see now her new book
she knows she's immigrant parents obviously yeah she wrote a book about saying
how internment of the Japanese and the Asians and during the great idea was a
great idea and he's from you know she's agent the city how about if we
intern her now maybe she could be an intern for the president yeah now she will
she work for Fox that was our point exactly okay pal I have a day I see it
the poll see if the old big poll in November maybe don't forget all you folks
out there the darker the better right right I the darker
conflicted the more times you're eligible to vote if you're like his black is
cool you get to vote a whole bunch of time make up her past injustices and for
our fat ass line governor there and it'll stop for any roadblocks this time for
our devious fat ass governor that's what I'm gonna start calling now our devious
fat ass governor who I have I still can't figure it out how any of you out
there voted for this lying there's no good this miscreant this piece of
turd man how's it possible you turn maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
that explains you want to sing to me Roger
and
marks Morgan is the 12 to one hour on q
8 NOW!
The heart's very elegant, all the Christian,
And what you say on the air will be considered
But then they'll put the present in doubt
And broken down the father, a shite in the money
Count that sacrifice, act, you can't ever give me one
Terrorists, they can't say that
They're the making dreams
With weapons to the Lord of the Sun, holding FTC
Or with fire and death, and take your eyes to the right world
That's for all I know to be your virtue or choice
Or I could have my race, help to be a historic
No just a victim now
I'm not in time to have had, except for my cousin, G.O.K.
I had to be the victim, you don't know
Terrorists, you can't say that
Over to that, getting ready for Francis in Miami
People that are feeding friends, either grabbing all the water
They're schlepping with all the batteries and the generators
I'm dead, this is a powerful hurricane
My goodness, man, my, my, my
See, if we're me, now like by tonight, we'll know a little bit more
Right? When we wake up tomorrow, we got all day tomorrow and Friday too
Right? Because Friday we might feel a big blow
It's some rain and whatnot
Yeah, and a little whatnot
In fact, maybe we can get some whatnot over the weekend
But in the meantime, now you see how we're like on the cone
There on a weather channel
On their cone, we're like about as the ass end
And on the mardi cone
We used to be more like in the middle
And now we're like on the ass end speaking of mardi cone
And most of the wider stuff is like
From I would say about...
Palm Beach, I'm sorry, Palm Beach County up like North
Right? Like, like, Vival and then of course, Joja
I still am saying like
Maybe a little south of Jacksonville
Yeah
Up to South Carolina
And that, and that, again, I'm not basing that on any great knowledge
But just on watching and listening and thinking
And not getting hysterical, not getting carried away
Not wishing that it blows my any way like that jackass there on a weather channel
Heights us like poison that bald, skinny bald guy, whatever his name is
Are you using a Ouija border or a divining ride?
Both
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon wireless
And singular wire...
Well, we got to get used to that to do
On the horizon wireless and singular wireless
And AT&T wireless, all the...
And that too?
Yeah
Well, how come that's not on here?
Because AT&T is not an addition
Well, neither is Verizon wireless
Well, I don't know why they wrote it that way
AT&T is a free call
Always has been unless they changed it
In other words, we don't know
Pound 5, 60 for you phone people
If it works at work
Well, no, I mean we're supposed to say that that's the deal
Right
If the dimensions are there, right, like singular wireless, singular wireless, singular wireless
WQM, WQM, WQM, you know
You got to say it a whole bunch of times over ever again
You got to hit your throat, a man
So you can like step it in the mines there
That's silly as John McLaughlin
That silly person over there on IOD
When I heard that this morning, it kind of like blew me right away
That was just shocking
By the way, I've got an inside political story in Howard County
I'm debating in my mind whether I should tell a real story behind this story
I told her this morning and I better not tell it
Okay
Well, because I like the person involved
Just pants like it
And I once...
...was totally close
Huh?
With that person
A couple of times as a matter of...
WQM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Uh, singular was...
...singular brought off AT&T
That's why you don't have it on your list
I see, well see, leave it to the callers to give us all straight now
Because our sales people, they don't tell us anything except they're pissed off all the time
That's all I wanted to say man
I don't have any to say it
Thanks, Pally, thanks a lot
That was bloody
That was more than enough, that's right, what else do we need, you know
Leave it to the audience to fill in the blanks
In fact, next time we start getting phone calls, people want to know the phone number or the address of one of our responses
Because we can't tell them because no matter how much we beg and plead the sales department
Oh, you're just calling us again, just making busy work
So the callers can call and give you the information out
Because our sales department, they just refuse to work, you know
Like Todd Dreck, he's in here the other day, sucking around, sucking around
Don't ever come back here again, oh that was a lot of work over there
I'll tell you exactly what you, I'll tell Greg exactly what you did say
And that'll be the end of you, I don't care how much you're villain, okay?
And I'll also tell SCRUAN what you said about those rodents
How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president?
It better be his last!
See there's definitely a way to look at the way that you must pronounce it correctly
It better be his last!
179!
Or we're gonna be pretty, we're gonna be up Bushman's Creek
300 votes in like a little over half an hour man
I told you when the public, I don't care what the polls say
You saw what happened to Merriam Elephant yesterday, right?
People are pissed off, they're sick and tired of their vote not getting counted
They're sick and tired of incompetence, a money disappearing of a total of crap
Oh I think it was a racial thing!
See there's one thing I would like to say to my dark-complexed friends
I've said it many times before
What if it's O.J.? No matter who a Kobe, whoever the hell it is
Every time a black person does something wrong commits a crime or is incompetent in their job
Whatever the hell it might be
We've got a certain element of apologists out there of paranoid
Oh it's a racial thing! If a white person does that, I don't know if we say nothing
That's right
Like when Ted Bundy killed all of them, people nobody said nothing right
He was a white guy when John Wayne Gacy killed all of them boys
Nobody said nothing right, he was a white guy when David Berkowitz said all of a bit sand
Nobody said nothing to white guy
Right?
The Green Mountain, the river or whatever his name was killer
Oh he was a thick one, what's his name?
I don't know
The Green River Killer
He was a...
What the hell was his name?
I don't know, let's say he was a stick just for a moment
Oh I'm pretty sure he was
Well they gotta have somebody
Sure! Nobody said nothing
Right, nobody said anything about that
But when OG did it, it was a racial thing
In the same degree of elephant, you people are
All she's got to do is have a sign on her forehead that says
Bozo in common and competent Bozo
That's all
So the public was pissed off about that
Theresa LaPore up there in Palm Beach County, man
They wrote her ass right out on her rail
And rightfully so, bye bye Theresa
You bitch!
You absolute incompetent in the enderthal
With your take your butterfly ballot
And uh...
Nice going Sally, right?
And who else?
And Mayor Alex Penis-Vecchania
Oh how sweet it is to say
Finally, once and for all
Bye bye bye!
God, gives me sexual assitement
Thinking about that little line, devious piece of crap
Let's see, it says, you know,
Phil is still a liberal democratic
Except for his hoods fundeeing with terrorism
Bush is despised by Phil
Oh yeah!
Huh?
Right
Whatever you say
What a fantasy that, yeah right
Like we don't have ears
He's been sucking up so hard that his lips are inverted now
Or what does that have to do with terrorism?
Like Bush is doing something about terrorism?
No, he says make it a word
He's created a lot of it there in Iraq
They didn't have any of this before we went in there with that in Iraq attack
And he met up all in lies and got Colin Powell to lie through his teeth
You know, Colin Powell, the one who talked about the neo-connated Gestapo
That Colin Powell, the one who totally sold out
Oh that's right, that must be a racial thing too, but he ain't dark enough
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless lines
WBQA and hello
Oh my God, how hairy, Leo
Yes sir
That picture thing was called Brida
If somebody didn't call him that or anything
Right, that's a very inexpensive plastic picture thing that's a water purifier
Oh we have one, yeah
He invited sears anyplace, the Walgreens
And that's all you need, you don't have to go to buy expensive bottle water
And make an ass-to-yourself in the supermarket
Hey can you play an old Jewish man named Isaac?
Yeah, we're a fat chance, yeah
Oh yeah, a fat chance
He's talking about the, I'm thinking about it
He says MS
Well we can't play that, are you crazy?
I think it might be safe, the Eisen Alarm
Right
You're crazy
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death
The one thing you have who depends on is your car
With Choukhanou Seth Tom's a ride
Maybe with a camping
Who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm
Resoul bring you
And old Jewish guy named Isaac
Get away from my affordable fail
You vaguen MS
Remember when we used to force them back at Caribbean?
And we ought to get a bunch of finished babies
And white ones at cooler
Get away from my affordable fail
You vaguen MS
What the hell is that?
I object seriously
So fatty like that
Get away from my affordable fail
You vaguen MS
Get away from my affordable fail
You vaguen MS
Whenever some bastard tries to see a my car
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac
Get away from my affordable fail
You vaguen MS
Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Car alarm now
And receive a free flower antenna
Get away from my affordable fail
You vaguen MS
And old Jewish guy named Isaac Car alarm
I will be able to blow it all's air storage
Oh my God that was the greatest call of the century
Because he finally found a bit of this in the way
Power!
Me!
It's on me stop here
You are a power house
What?
560
Wow!
It's day
Oh!
If Miami Town
But pollution
Had 560
WQA
Finds listening
Ramadan
Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan
Ramadan Ramadan
Ramadan
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Ramadan
Ramadan Ramadan
It didn't work out to me
Ramadan Ramadan
Ramadan
I'm now in Han Fai Mii
So I can wear a scarf
Boop, boop, boop, boop
I'm the person in question
I'm not the way
I pay for the paint booth
There's two pictures you were saying
Ramadan
Just got you my style
It's God
It's the sky
On your next slide
I want you to die today
Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan
Ramadan
I'm not an artist
Now does me
Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan
I find up right in the sleep
It's so great
God for you, my God
Boop, boop, boop, rob a done
Ramadan
Ramadan
Bao, bao, bao
You said upgrade
No, Ramadan, do Ramadan, do Ramadan
I know what to be
Ramadan
Ramadan Ramadan
Ramadan Ramadan
Ramadan Ramadan
Ramadan, do Ramadan, do Ramadan
Boop, boop, boop
Thank God that the adjoison Christians don't kill people, right?
Right.
Because that would be bad.
Man charged with stalking Avril Lavigne and I love a little Avril.
He hasn't caught me yet.
He's cutesy.
Yes, she is.
And she's great.
Yes, she is.
Is this your new video?
Yes, I have an image of that.
I don't know.
But it's good.
She's good.
No.
She's Canadian?
A lot of other people don't know that.
I know what you do.
I've talked about that a million times, eh?
All the good artisers Canadian and Marie.
I still need you on.
Yeah.
Well, listen, nobody's perfect, okay?
So we got some heavy baggage up there, eh?
At least we got Frank Mahalich.
Man charged with stalking Avril Lavigne.
A 30-year-old man, how old was he?
From Washington, was charged with stalking Canadian singer Avril Lavigne after making repeated
attempts to contact her and traveling to her parents' home at Ontario local authorities,
Bessanne?
James Speedy of Linwood, a Seattle suburb, sent through a lawyer that while he was a big
fan of the 19-year-old rock singer, he didn't stalk her.
I question whether this is a stalking case at Wayne Fricky, Speedy's lawyer.
I don't think there's a situation you have here of that thing.
All of these things.
Speedy was arrested in April, just before Lavigne was scheduled to give a free concert
at a Seattle area shopping mall and told police he had sent emails and gifts to Lavigne
for family and managers.
He was released on bail at the time and was formally charged late Friday, Linwood police
said last week.
Speedy traveled to Napini, Ontario last year, where he was arrested, told a leave Canada
and not return within a year, according to Canadian news reports.
Lavigne, the audio, the audio, we know all that.
How do you like that?
And more bad news for one of our favorite people.
Charlize Theron, you saw that right?
No.
Didn't see it?
No.
Kurt.
While shooting a stunt scene, no, not real bad.
Although we don't really know because they're not saying.
Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron was injured while shooting her new paramount film,
Aeon Flux, in Germany.
Their representatives aren't saying how badly she was hurt.
I think we just a little scratch.
Just hold it back for surface wound.
Just kind of like the one Carrie had in Vietnam, you know?
We're getting everyone in a little band-aids.
They're handing out the Republican convention.
All those people think, oh, it's so cute and so funny.
We didn't see him bleeding.
We didn't see him in the hospital.
All those cars.
I explained that we didn't see any blood just those three missing limbs.
Where there were words.
Right.
Theron's, well, we saw Bob Dole's right hand.
In fact, yes.
Here's my Bob Dole imitation.
Wrong hand.
Oh, here's my Bob Dole imitation.
I got my pen stuck in my hand there.
Right, he likes sticking it in there.
And the pen too.
And that's why he's the spokesperson for a Viagra now.
He likes the pen.
Yes, he does.
Theron's cover the unspecified interview about doing your own stunts in a wire hanging sequence.
The movie's publicist, Jean Marie Carasco told the APS today.
No cuts, no broken bones.
I think it was something less tangible than that.
Something vague and nagging.
Like little hang meal.
Something bad.
No one else was heard.
Filming in Berlin has been halted for several weeks to allow her to be.
Now, if it was like something very minor, would you halt the filming for several weeks
knowing how much money goes into those things?
No.
They're just not staying.
It wasn't known if the injury would require script changes or when the movie would resume production.
She was not hospitalized.
She did sustain the injury on the set.
It's a very physically demanding role set through on publicist Amanda Silverman.
Hi.
See what I mean?
Those Jews are everywhere, man.
For everywhere.
No matter where you look, there's another one of us just lurking, just waiting to mess with your life.
Like that Ben Ginsburg.
How do you like that?
The Bushler that had a reason because he was busy advising the Texas lying veteran enough to swim through a veteran.
I have nothing to do with those people.
Yeah, right.
You're not going to be talking about that.
That's right.
They're just one of them five-twenty-seven groups off on the runway.
And even though Ben Ginsburg was approving the scripts of those commercials to try to defame John Kerry
and take a decorated warrior hero and make him into kind of a...
See, and the Kerry people just don't know how to respond.
I'm still saying, man, it's not too late.
I know.
When it's down, let's scratch it out and get the real candidate on there.
Yeah, that's what somebody's not going to take any crap who's going to not pull any punches.
That's exactly...
He'd be 20 points ahead right now.
Yeah, I'm here with them.
I'm T.O.D. right now if he weren't such a wimp.
We knew Julie.
Lieberman was a wimp, right?
We knew Michael Newkaka was a wimp.
We knew Bush won was a wimp and now we got John Kerry's,
though, if we need Dean to goose him up a little bit.
Maybe he could be the campaign manager.
Who?
Dean.
No, Kerry can be the campaign manager.
Dean could be the campaign manager.
Here we go.
I'll take it.
Somebody that's really going to tell it like it is in the Tom Ridge and put you Lieberman in our closets and a broom closet somewhere with this closet.
This isn't his Yarmulka.
That's right.
In fact, tie him up with a Tullus would be good.
Yeah, just tie him up with a Tullus and throw him a broom closet.
I've got to do it for you.
Until...
I'll take that back.
Sookas is in the 40 election.
Until Hanukkah.
They made a...
Or the orthodox...
Hasidic Porto yet.
I bet your Ryan Jeremy has.
I think Gary S. Arner was in it.
I start writing it.
I saw him this morning.
He looked photographing to me.
He just...
Oh man.
He is so Jewish.
God.
Gah!
Anyway, that pulling looking too good for W.
I think it's going to be a big surprise.
I think Gary is going to win Florida and Sput of his ineptitude.
And I think you're going to see because he's famous for doing this.
He fumbles a lot.
And then he didn't Iowa.
The same thing in the primary.
And then when he at least expected all of a sudden he comes out with guns blazing and he just kicks serious ass.
Taking no prisoners, man.
Right.
And I...
You know what I want to say?
Bob Dole and John Kerry.
I mean, and the...
Yeah, Shaman Henduk.
John McCain.
Shaman.
Right.
He came on the veterans.
What a disgrace, okay?
Selling out for their party.
Selling out for the Bushmeister.
And John McCain haven't been smeared for years ago.
But it's a bunch of Nazis.
Haven't been suffered.
Here's a man who was a POW, a great war hero.
A POW, no less than they smeared his ass.
And then made up loose all of those bullcrap stories.
On freaking believable.
Because it just goes to show everybody's got a price.
I think they've all sold out.
Mm-hmm.
Well, we know the media sold out.
We know, for example, a certain right-wing website throwing misfights, huh?
He would never fudge the public unless, of course, the price was right.
Unless Richard Mellon's escape was like funding all of that right-wing propaganda he's putting on there.
About John Kerry and his girlfriend at the end of that one didn't fly.
Well, how about Kerry's got that mask of the monster dying?
And whatever he puts on there, you know?
It's all pre-programmed because everybody's got a price.
Even George said for a few bucks.
Stop hurting me.
They say whatever you want.
Yeah!
We need Howard Dean.
We're going to South Carolina.
Tell him Oklahoma.
We need it.
And there is Dona.
And North Dakota.
And New Mexico.
We're going to California.
And Texas.
Oh, wait a minute.
And we're going to South Dakota.
And Oregon.
And Washington.
And Michigan.
Hang on a second, Howard.
Not deviating much from that course there as Francis continues to find his place.
He's the most important West here thing for me.
And as long as 11 AM, that's 35 miles east out east.
You liar you.
It's only very close view here showing the eye of the hurricane.
These are the southernmost Bahama area.
Back over toward the Turks, the K-coast, the first of the islands to feel the effect of hurricane Francis.
Of course, we'll keep you updated in some ways.
And Frank, this is where they're in Brown, this guy.
To the coast.
The weather wimp.
We got the weather furry, the weather wimp.
And of course we got...
And then we're going to wash it in the sea to take back the White House.
Yeah!
There you go.
We got Howard Dean, the human screaming machine.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, 6, 8.
Poor Avril Lavigne, man.
She's great.
She's one of the bright lights.
You know?
Yes she is.
I say Avril Lavigne for our president.
Okay.
And Carson daily for the casket.
A casket, a casket, I'll pop it in the casket.
Huh?
Hey, Tim.
I can't stand him.
Everyone does.
Yeah, who would have liked anyone?
And he makes up all these stories he's doing this one, that mousey little one,
Christine Aguilera.
He ain't doing anybody.
He didn't even do it.
He didn't even do it.
He won't do it himself.
Yeah.
I hear when he takes it out, it pops right back in automatic.
It hates him.
It's an inny.
Yeah, that's right.
5, come on, let's get these phones really foaming here, man.
Before you run out of water.
And quit acting like a bunch of lunatics.
Okay, I know it's not going to do any good.
I'm not going to change the behavior of the idiots out there.
But you just, it's so embarrassing.
And they're all running and rushing and they got the cards in them.
They got jitties of gallons of water.
And they got 85,000 batteries and 42 flashlights and 150 generators.
And you know, well, I just relax.
Relax.
And like I said yesterday, if they wouldn't be behaving like this,
you wouldn't have all the empty shelves, you know.
Right.
A lot of canned peaches, man.
That'll keep you close to home.
And maybe if you prune this too, it'll be good.
Oh, yeah.
Huh?
It lasts a long time.
Yeah, it lasts almost forever.
Nobody QAM, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
I'm out of Obama.
What's that guy's name?
Barack Obama.
He's the, he's a man.
He's pretty good, you know.
If I had my choice, that's who I pick.
Okay, I'm picking him too.
I'll take him right now.
Barack and the Hillary is my team.
I like that.
Howard Dean's secretary of screaming.
What's that there?
Is that a pizza?
Oh, it's just a curtain.
I thought for sure it had a pizza.
It had a pizza in it.
Oh, come on.
Box in the red box.
Ron's address.
Oh, yeah.
By the way, I should mention that.
Hey, Ron.
Hey.
Hey.
Please.
Hey.
Yeah.
We found that George haven't been going through a bunch of stuff.
Crazy, Ron.
And we thought all of that stuff out there.
It's all over the place.
All over the place.
All over the place.
All over the place.
All over the place.
So if you want to keep harassing the show, go ahead.
But you're going to pay the truth and consequences.
We'll be calling the cops this.
There you go.
We can put the address out of here.
It is parents.
We don't want to hear from you, Ron.
Okay, let me make it very, very clear.
I'll spill it out on the right now.
12.25 on Wednesday, September 1, 2004.
Your calls are uninvited on this show.
Okay.
We don't mind a lot of the other goofballs out there.
Because at least they might be amusing.
But you are unacceptable.
You're a piece of turret.
We don't want to know from you.
So find another hobby.
Okay.
Call of Al Franken.
He's the help.
Oh, God.
Frankly speaking, he's pretty exciting.
And he went nuts with the Republican.
Did he?
Congressman, whoever the hell was,
some reporter at the convention last night.
And he got his dander up and got really upset.
Al Franken.
I haven't heard that.
I'm going to have to listen to that.
Oh, that bitch you keep telling me that Winnie brought
he's got on with him.
He has to in the name for.
He doesn't.
He won.
He won.
He won himself.
Oh, she makes a bunch.
Wow.
Well, that's quite an accomplishment.
Monumental.
Oh, just right on the way home there.
Don't forget speaking a bunch of all you bunch guys out there
join Georgian, Volkobraan and Miguel today for Happy Hour.
Five out of seven of the treasure island right off the
Palmetto just north of the 120 seconds to be happy.
Don't be happy.
Win prizes and check out this week's feature.
Chona Jason.
See.
She's going to show it to you.
She's like Polynesian of some kind.
Yeah.
And she does all these interesting things
without any clothes on.
Well, I'll be there.
Gymnastic things.
Huh.
With no clothes on.
Like favorite Olympic event.
I think that's what I think.
I don't play anymore.
Can I?
No.
I don't think so.
No.
I'm going to fix that one up.
Yeah.
If I could pick up, fix up building.
And let me ask you something.
Why can't I want you to stop and think about this for about two
seconds.
If he'll do it, says no.
Bill Sagar in Monica's vagina.
There's a bit wrong with that bit.
You know what?
I don't think there is.
I think I'm playing it.
I think it's clean.
There's nothing wrong with vagina.
If it's clean.
The territory of the U.S.
and M.
Roger.
I'll pass those Correspondents on the 560s.
Q.A.A.
Holy Makinar.
This is Joe Boer on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority.
NEO GOD.
Oh my god.
Bill Sagar in Monica's vagina.
She left out of Giggle.
When he makes it, we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the line.
But a Sagar in her vagina.
She don't mind.
Well, he don't know where a soul he goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humans or an human horror.
I have no one.
And in Arkansas, the term Cedar Box means the hern-naked.
The stars report you need to go in blind.
I have no one.
That's what he was working on late nights in the over-rear office.
Working on a practical joke.
He took a Makinudo, put an explode in.
Low in, a Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Bill Sagar in Monica's vagina.
She left out of Giggle.
Every time he makes it, we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the line.
But a Sagar in her vagina.
She don't mind.
Well, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
A family in bedroom, she was moaning.
Moaning, our boy was doing her with Bill's old bomb.
Bill Sagar's in Monica's vagina.
She left out of Giggle.
Every friggin' time he makes it, we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a Sagar in her vagina.
She don't mind.
Well, can de-insane.
Yeah, just master, it's faster.
Oh, yeah.
What you gotta do is take a tip of real.
And put it in a puddle.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You know, this is the same thing happened with Hugo.
I'm watching this jackass on the Weather Channel here.
And they showed that thing again.
You can see this visibly in a very short geographical space there.
You can see the thing moving to the Northwest.
And dramatically more to the Northwest like in the last, maybe, 12 hours.
Yeah.
And it's finally about to be, about to move on.
See, but that takes away all our fun, you know.
That's right.
And then look at all the people that won't be returning stuff to Home Depot next week.
And try to return bottled water, partially drunk, drunk from publics next week.
Yeah, don't be taken, open up bottles of water back.
It's not a good idea, okay?
Did we still find out anything about the Marlin doubleheader against the Cubs on Friday that we're hoping and praying happens?
No.
No.
They're probably going to wait till tomorrow to see how the crow flies.
You've got to have to have to be.
Oh yeah!
That's why he smells like that.
He picks it up up there in the ether.
How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president is our pull question, our second pull?
The first one we asked two people were listening to before the show today.
And how it's stirring one, I wish we were ecstatic about that.
It makes Greg look like a genius, right?
And that's quite an accomplishment.
And Joe Rose done pretty damn good.
Nice call in Joe and Zach.
Two good guys, man.
We missed them badly.
Although, you know, everything there has got its good points and its bad points, right?
It was nice to have them here.
This was very pleasant.
We don't get all the hoes without Zach here, though.
We get how he loves us.
Yeah, they do.
See, we like you a lot, Zach, and we miss you, but we get all the hoes we want without your fan-ass.
In addition, which is a lot more food for all the rest of us without you here.
So enjoy your crispy.
No, enjoy your crispy creams, but good luck to you.
But no, they sounded pretty good.
They were over there on 790 ESPN, the ticket.
I guess the call out is still waxy.
I would assume, I don't know.
I don't know.
But I thought they were going to change them.
They are?
To what?
I hear the change in WJOK radio.
Or is that joke radio?
I don't know.
Well, the one there at 1,400.
That's what we need is a whole bunch more sports stations, man.
The Jim Sardine and Barry Jackass will have something to get excited about.
And the Harold can put big things like they had this morning about.
Our very own Dan La Bastard will be on there.
Who don't belong on here just to say hello.
Who's a professional Cuban.
Makes Miguel look like an anti-cuban guy.
He really does.
The Cubans won a World Series.
We won it.
Not the Marlins.
That was the worst column in the history of this market.
It was.
That was the most disgusting and embarrassing and humiliating and degrading crap.
Because Levi and Hernandez, I guess, I guess, Levi and also did everything else too.
He filled it all in nine positions.
He did all the hitting.
He drove it all in.
Runs in that game.
Right.
You idiot.
You Dan La Bastard.
The Wonder Gregg Co-tex gets paid the H.U.
And he's another moron.
What is it about the Harold?
Man, they got to a bunch of stuffy nerds that work on it.
What if it fits in?
It's perfect.
Eddie the Pope.
I shouldn't say that because if the Humper comes back and we hope he does, he's tight with Eddie the Pope.
Well, that's because they've lived there a long time.
They try the same circles, eat a lot of free food in the same tents.
Anyway, how do you rate George W. Bush's first term as presidents?
Our poll question 426 votes in just over an hour.
Are you hearing that?
I heard it.
And just over an hour.
And you want to know why?
Because they're pissed off and fired up.
Who doesn't like they were at Theresa Lafour and they were at what's your name?
The Emerium Elephant.
And of course, it Alex penis pecania with his measly, measly 10% of the vote.
But that's embarrassing.
Wouldn't you be degraded and humiliated?
I'd let you tell.
Even that Peter Deutsch kicked his ass.
Even that Sherone-looking Peter Deutsch kicked his ass.
So Betty Cassie is going to kick Mel Martinez, right?
Good.
We hope.
She better.
I'm worried about that Martinez factor though.
Anybody that ends in an easy, you know, always Martinez.
Right.
And that is.
Plus I can use that.
Yeah.
And better me is last 246 on the Bush term.
Disaster 104, but that's an understatement, a mitigated disaster.
Outstanding 31.
Right, you should live so long.
Good, 19, week, 13, mediocre, 13, and okay.
Okay.
Six.
Oh yeah, Phil's only right-wing what it's convenient and expedient.
I mean, he's in once in a while.
That fact was so ludicrous, man.
I'm embarrassed for you.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, the worst for the president.
The worst.
Yeah, the worst for whatever.
The worst that you have there.
Put me down.
Okay.
How about the worst ever?
Well, yeah, that was the worst ever.
You have to put president.
Worst do for worst do for sever.
We've had a few dofuses.
We had Jerry Ford.
He was a doofus couldn't walk in two of them at the same time.
And is that maybe that's why his wife was drinking it up.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've had he four open up that clinic.
Although he was a genius compared to what we got now.
Yeah.
No, no.
He was the one that said that Poland wasn't they.
Whatever.
I see.
It wasn't nearly as they were.
Oh, at least he knew the name of the country was Poland.
He could pronounce it.
Right.
Well, that that that general fellow there in Pakistan.
You remember, you see this guy, I mean, they had the whole thing rigged even before we voted.
They had a rigged.
Forget about counting votes and the chats and that.
They had a rigged ahead of time.
Because that interview that he did where he taught, he couldn't even name, he couldn't name body.
Nobody.
Nobody.
He didn't know his name.
I guess when you spend most of your adult life, you know, incoherent crawling around on the floor.
Or drunk, maybe sniff a little, sniff a little bit, whatever it is.
I always just saw it as I guess.
Maybe it kind of affects your brain if you ever had one.
It's just the American public just astonished me.
But I still say that democratic party takes the blame right now for not being 20 points ahead.
All they had to do was run with the man.
They had the mole.
They had the momentum, man.
And what do they do?
They dropped the ball.
Just like in the Olympics.
Just like that Canadian runner.
Oh, you should have seen them up there that day.
Remember when she, well, you probably were paying attention.
I'm going to get it.
The Canadian runner that ran into the hurdle and fell.
I knocked the Russian rule down to.
She was like somewhere in the islands.
So it serves her right.
But she hit the all man.
They were, oh boy, it was like the end of the world with the other.
Yeah.
And the Democrats are the same thing.
They hit the hurdle and just drop the balls at the same time.
You guys better butcher up a little bit.
You still got plenty of time.
You got September.
You got October, huh?
And then we got a couple of days of every.
We got over two months to go to finally wake them up and butcher them up.
While Laura Bush is on there intoning for the public about her wonderful husband.
And how he's the same moron now that he was when she married him.
Except he sobered up a little bit.
Just a little.
Just a little bit.
And where's Laurie Flin with that damn story, with that video?
That's what we need.
That would have more.
Yeah, come on, Larry.
Butch up a little bit.
Okay, jump up out of that chair.
We only had those stem cells, man.
Larry Flin could be running around right now, screaming about that broad that Bush knocked
up in Texas and that he drove right to the abortion clinic.
How do you think the right to life was worth like that?
And you'll notice that the right wingers have turned on rush.
I'm convinced of it.
He could have been just in the last book.
He's dropping a faster than a rock from the top of the Chrysler building.
He's dropping.
They don't count to them, Jill.
They don't count to them, Foney, Pill Pop and junkies, who are a busy point.
They're finger to everybody else and all the drug people ought to be in jail while he's running
around with Roy Black trying to keep his ass slowly white and clean.
He has back pain.
Yeah, he has back pain.
He wouldn't do no doctor's shop and that fat lion, Pill Pop and Rush or anything like that.
Just gave him something strong.
Yeah, if they just gave me something strong enough, maybe I could listen to it.
You are listening to me, people, me, or Rogers.
Exclusively.
I'm fighting.
I can't believe this.
I can about women.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
I was young and irresponsible once, but never got high.
I may have seen a joint or two, but I never got high.
Oh, so are me and my college buddies did eight ball lines.
But hey, hey, I never got high, never got high, never got high.
Da, da, da, da, da, my lips have touched alcohol before, but I never got high.
I may have stumbled and fell on the floor, but not because I was high.
I've plainly stated in the record of my past of D.U.R.
But hey, hey, I never got high, never got high, never got high.
No.
Da, da, da, da, da, da.
I know what marijuana is, so I never got high.
This president has seen the dangers of hot, so I never got high.
In fact, I personally witnessed a seed pop right in my eye.
But hey, hey, I never got high, never got high, never got high.
Sure, we believe we like it anymore.
It's 14-1-560.
Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two, and then we got Moe Howard-Davidet,
which who knows how many shows he's got left.
Lotus, fill in for the Humper.
What?
He's at the Hard Rock.
He's at the Hard Rock.
Oh, and he'll be at the Hard Rock.
Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that.
That's an interesting, I heard him say that yesterday when he was from the world with Don.
No.
Probably the most embarrassing three minutes I've ever heard in my life on the year.
It made the big Osong good.
Oh!
And again, probably somebody else's fault.
Always is.
Of course it is.
Yeah, it was Moe She's fault, whatever his producer's name is.
God, he's a great guy.
I know that, I know Shai.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Who never got high?
But it's great.
The deal is these are the Seminole Hard Rock Casino to do in that show for the suspended
vacationing Hank Goldberg, who may be back tomorrow or may not, whether depending.
But I keep trying to find out.
I was going to go there the other day and take a look for myself, but I'm not going to waste my time.
They don't have real slot machines.
Yeah.
It would be like if he went to Treasure Island a day and they had like blow up dolls and not like real women.
Which for some people around here that might be enough.
But, you don't want to say it?
Oh, they do have blow up dolls.
That's who Miguel's going to be.
Oh, good.
I see.
No, I'm not talking.
Well, I'm not touching that.
You touch it.
I'm not moving in that direction.
Trust me when I tell you.
But anyway, you know what I'm saying.
It's like make believe, okay?
And nobody can explain to me how to use make believe slot machines work at the, I don't get it.
You?
No, I don't.
You're going to have to go there and find out.
No, I'm not.
Oh, you're a big factor.
I have to be interested in that.
Oh, yeah.
There are tons of you, hundreds on a couple of thousands and some make believe crap, something airs out.
Somebody will call and explain it to an away.
I mean, Fat Rich called in there last Thursday at the end of the show.
And I'm still, I still have no idea what he's talking about.
And by the way, Rich, you don't look too oscald for our Friday night at the track this week.
Wouldn't that be a shame?
Hey, Ray, just like that.
Just like that guy that was all bet out of shape about the football game, I get postponed.
Same thing with going to Pompano Park.
Man, wouldn't that be a shame?
If we have to like a postpone racing this weekend because we have inclement weather because we have
a hundred and fifty mile hour wins or something like that.
I don't think we're getting it.
I mean, again, that's just me thinking, don't that there's nothing scientific that's not what anybody else is saying.
That's just me thinking out loud and you own a policy.
The audience for not correcting me because I'm old and people thought what?
Because I said it was Hurricane Hugo.
That was an assy hurricane.
I don't remember that.
It was Hurricane Floyd.
Oh, yeah, yeah, Floyd.
Five years ago, 99.
We were sitting right here.
Uh-huh.
And Mayor Pena's percini was going out.
Maybe, but he's holding press conferences.
And Al Sunshine was screaming and chastising everybody else because they've eaten his free food.
Floyd, why I hate that Al Sunshine?
What are Jackass?
What are Moron?
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to say that, uh, no, Man, I forgot what I was going to say.
I'm going to say a great call, bye.
Ah, that's too bad.
We've had worse.
That's called the sound.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, what point do you reckon laying in that to the bed?
WQAM, hello.
Welcome, Neil.
Okay.
Hey, George does do a great job when you're gone.
Yes, he does.
Yeah.
I was catching part of the report.
The report says the Republican Convention last night, Arnold was speaking.
Yeah.
And he was using terms like the Republicans are going to terminate the program.
Yeah, I saw the clip.
They're going to terminate that.
We're resentment, all these other stupid things.
We're not, we're not girly men on the economy.
Right.
And all this other stuff.
Yeah, I was tuning in earlier.
They're going to make you embarrassed to be an American.
Yes, that really does.
Man, you're saying it.
Uh, uh, uh, was tuning in earlier and you were going to give your personal opinion on the hurricane.
And I didn't hear it.
Uh, anyway, you could do it again.
I just got to your saying, we're not going to get it.
I think it's going to hit like somewhere between like, uh, Brevard County up to, uh, either Jacksonville or the, uh, you know, that little piece of Georgia,
they were along the coast between Jacksonville and South Carolina.
That's just my own opinion, like North Florida, let's say.
Yeah, I live in Verro, so I'm going to plan accordingly.
Thank you very much.
Okay, so I'll see you in Marietta, baby.
You're lucky.
Isn't that Marietta?
I don't know too much about Georgia, Senator Lanner.
And the biggest city I can take in that little piece.
And Plains and peanuts and entry.
And entry?
A?
Why, but to the bees, these are going to be hiding out from the herd.
They just had the whole Charlie thing over there in a West Coast.
See, we're lucky over here.
The last good scare we had on this coast was, uh, Floyd, right?
And they, and see somebody, thank you very much.
By the way, for faxing me this, somebody has faxed the tracking a map of Floyd.
And it looks very, very similar to what we've seen.
A little bit north of where this one was.
It wasn't quite so close to Puerto Rico or La Vey public, I do many kind of.
And then why do they say that?
Why don't they just say his Spaniola?
Why the Haitians?
I mean, you just leave them out?
Yeah.
In other words, the Haitians don't count anymore?
Yeah, more.
Any more?
The ones that live here, oh, they never did.
I see.
Well, that's because they stopped going to baseball's height enough.
Or they started selling them two tight.
But at any rate, so, um, Hurricane Floyd was going on a similar track,
a little bit further than north.
And then it got, uh, well, actually when it got to the Bahamas,
it was pretty much where, uh, this Francis is now.
Like over like NASA there.
Mm-hmm.
To the big blow.
Oh, it's big in the big blow.
And it seemed a light-lacing to have for Miami Beach.
Of course, Mr. Fisher was always looking for something to publish that is his Miami Beach.
And so he took to the idea.
And, uh, he said, all right, I'll build you an island,
and you can put a radio station there.
Okay.
Let's see.
I'll name the island for John Levi.
We'll call it John's Island.
And, uh, he said, uh, what do you want to call your radio station?
And Webb said, well, I don't know,
but I've always thought that Miami Beach was a wonderful aisle of dreams.
And my husband said, that's the name W-I-O-D.
W-I-D-I hate that station.
Then it was the station was moved over to Miami.
And I remember that it was the year of the big blow.
Oh, no.
It seemed 26.
You hear what that money was?
And it was a beautiful tower with blown off.
Oh, Jane, Jane, on you.
But W-I-O-D has been one of the landmarks.
Oh, yeah.
Of this entire town.
That's why they keep trying to make me get that tower down.
Anyway, that was Jane Fisher talking about the big blow of 26.
So anyway, the tracking of Floyd.
And it got the...
And they had everybody in a panic here.
And it got over to the bomb.
Is there another center made that right turn up there?
But they still aren't telling us anything here.
Oh, the advisory.
What's going on right now?
A hurricane watches in warnings.
At this point, we have hurricane watches now issued for the Northwest Bahamas.
What was out there?
All of the things new.
We also have quite a few like obstacle storm warnings.
Those are situated a little bit farther south.
We can show you where those are too.
That's over toward the North Coast of the Dominican Republic.
So that's out, Frank, and I'm telling you about the glasses.
Right now.
No, there's such more like that.
I'm the finalized.
All the preparations in the South.
The Asian War Francis arrives.
Here's a picture out there.
And these are the wind fields here.
I think this is the guy that's advising Kuri.
All the red, tell me it's where the different strengths of the winds are.
Wind and doubt, just wind bound.
The core.
That's the 115 mile-power winds associated with the eye wall.
Those are the category three or stronger winds with the hurricane.
Here's the satellite photograph on a very steady quarter right here.
You can see the eye of the hurricane.
What is probably happening right now?
Do you see that?
A little bit of an eye wall replaced the Northwest.
Can you see that Northwest?
Yeah, I think it was the same thing with smaller eyes.
You'll get that a band of heavy thunderstorms around that eye wall.
That's the target.
Sometimes we'll get concentric eyes.
Two of them actually.
And when they go through these different phases,
I know that Barbara Borsen has concentric Marty Velvinized slightly.
And then when it gets organized again, it may strengthen more.
So it'll go through some little fluctuations.
At this point, it appears that the strongest of the winds and the heaviest of the rain
on the south, semi-circle of the hurricane,
although it is actually fairly symmetrical system.
Here's a look at the other side.
Visible satellite.
I think it's your...
My own opinion is going to do a hurricane Floyd.
That's my opinion.
Now if they would tell us about that high that we've heard so much about about Jeff High
and whether it's like moving a little bit, whether it's weakening,
the other one has behind it, that's on it's behind.
Oh right.
You know, we have a little opportunity to figure it out,
but they don't want us to figure it out for ourselves.
Frank and Mel Boren says,
heard you talking about mechanical carriers war record.
I used to have some respect for McCain, but don't call him a war hero.
That's key points to the term hero.
He's known for being a POW prisoner of war.
All that shows is that while flying his fighter, he's zig when he should have zacked.
As for carriers' purple arts, I find in front of the carrier makes more of the three purple arts
than his bronze star and his investments in silver star,
yada yada yada yada.
Carrying his reticence to mention his higher decoration is acting like a typical taciturn Yankee.
Carrey refuses to blow his own horn.
Well, maybe he's not like Ron Jeremy, maybe not double-jointed.
Compared to W who can't take of any mistakes he's made.
But the purple arts are questioned by W. Cheney and Rowe.
Three guys that couldn't find a business end of a gun.
Why not ask why W. Chieftor's last physical with the Texas Air National Guard.
It was more than an eye test.
He had to give a blood and urine for a drug test.
That's why he skipped a test.
Sounds like a Ricky Williams to me.
Ever see Ricky Williams and W together?
They both have the same W there, don't they?
And he did during those 40 years that we don't talk about those drunken,
coked out years that really formed W's lack of character.
Don't mention that W. Chieftor's not to.
But we can examine every detail a carrier's like during those same formative years
and criticize and ripman ass.
What issues there are no issues just hate and tolerance in lives.
W's lies is Frank.
I noticed that the Texas Air National Guard is tang.
Wonder if W thought he would find.
Tune there.
What a great fact from Frank and Melbourne.
I'd another day that I'd buy.
Great idea.
You are listening to Neil Roger.
Incidentally, on five feet.
You believe it.
It's the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Oh, goodbye to Risa La Boise.
We're going to move to you, no more.
We can carolucky Chad.
You don't got no job, no more.
The packet desk in Mosey Outlet in the door.
This is the best penny hole.
Don't treat your yeast infection.
I don't think I got a mention.
We had enough elections worst by you.
That was stupid, husband.
Yikes.
Well, well done, slow in a style.
So pick a hell on the cow.
You're not welcome in fly, run.
You can fly.
I said you can and he wouldn't touch her with the genius thing.
Now there's one less county to read.
You can afford to be open.
It was your stupid bitch to find something else to do.
Like passing the idiots, merely to you.
Oh, she's finally to a legend out.
Looks like this place is a roadside.
Now's from the body roll ball.
Barbara Bush has bought his bells and eyes.
The lover eyes stop now.
It happened when she realized.
She raised her grin in a crowd.
Barbara Bush has bought his bells and eyes.
It didn't just mean holding craft me.
And she raised her face and said,
That's me.
She's a drowsy.
And she said,
I'm pretty still at a wild state.
I'm so annoyed.
What's like she's carrying a golden ball
between her thighs and her body.
Now she doesn't mean to score.
And if she's always surprised,
she's wiggling when she's caught.
Barbara Bush has bought his bells and eyes.
We gave her your point and she's pushed.
Not so bad, she's the evil.
And Bob and Bush will be rich in fat.
And she'll just like the magic star.
It's not a big hat.
Barbara Bush will be able to join us for dining on a bad day with the body belly.
One, four, five, six, the WDQM Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two.
How's that Marlon double header coming from Friday?
I say, let's do it.
Let's play five.
Here's the pool,
Howdy Raid George W. Bush's first term as president.
531 votes in an hour and a half.
Boy, these people are...
See, that's one thing that they're underestimating.
All these pulsars and these pundits.
People in Florida are pissed off and fired up, man.
We saw that yesterday.
Not a big turn out,
but other ones that did show up.
They said, buy, buy, all the posk good yaks.
It better be his last,
290, meaning this term.
Disaster, 119.
Outstanding 40.
Good, 27.
Week 17,
mediocre 15,
the worst ever 14,
and okay, 9.
So far.
567, look at that pool, man.
Are they whipped up to a frenzy better than what?
Svilken.
Something.
No, they're right at the bed right now.
They're crawling out of there.
They got their bottles and their plywood and all of their good stuff.
I don't think we're getting it.
No, I don't think so.
Don't you see what I'm seeing on my thing every time I show it?
I see that, but they don't want to talk about that,
because it takes all the fun away.
What if people die?
Oh, and look at this.
Your anti-virus subscription service has expired.
Yeah, we knew later.
Get off of my face, okay?
Boy, at home I'm getting so many pop-ups.
It's like, damn.
Unbelievable.
Are you?
No, not me, Earthlink.
Well, that's right, you got Earthlink.
Well, we don't have Earthlink here.
We're not getting them.
But if the house man,
I got pop-ups all over the damn place,
even in the toaster.
Hundreds of powerful computers at the Defense Department
and the US Senate were hijacked by hackers
who used them to send e-mail federal authorities say
that's reassuring in it.
The US government computers was uncovered
during the Justice Department's recent cybercrime crackdown.
It adds another wrinkle to the use of so-called zombie PCs
with number of the millions and of be-devil customers
and universities in the past year.
Hackers gained secret control of computers
by sending e-mail viruses and worms
or by planning software code on websites.
Don't forget to tell your wormers church around them
this afternoon between five and seven.
The takeover of government computers
is part of a bounty of evidence of new online schemes
that could lead to more bust under the crackdowns.
As Dan Larkin,
unit chief of the Internet Crime Complaints Center,
authorities are in a process of repairing the government computers.
I don't want to get anybody nervous,
but just wait to let the e-hod, the e-hod, yeah.
You're going to be saying,
we elect the witch doctor.
Remember that David Seville?
We call all of those words.
Ding-da-ing, dong.
Oh, can't say that.
Somebody cue I am. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. Liberty Records. Yes.
Do you remember what the catchphrases were?
We didn't get 40.
We run S&A.
I beg your pardon?
Do you remember what the catchphrases were for 640 J&A?
I never heard of W.J. in a week here either.
Okay, we're not interested.
Another radio groupie.
Another one of those is the people
that doesn't get out of the house too much.
It doesn't leave mom aside.
Don't forget to brown back on a way out, Barry.
That was very jackass.
I'm almost positive.
One that sounded just like him.
Maybe a little bit too articulate.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
I'm OK. I'm wondering.
I got a catchphrase on Saturday.
Do you think I'm going to catch it?
And also...
I think you couldn't catch it cold is what I think.
Okay, Pali?
That's my own personal guess
is that you probably couldn't catch it cold.
At Mount Sinai.
56670560.
560 in the middle of the Influenza Award.
God, what a bunch of losers we got, huh?
Why 9?
First time today, I believe QA.A.M. Hello.
Please stick, my name.
What was it?
Where'd he go?
What was it?
I missed it.
Call back again.
OK, call on the Al Franken show.
How about you?
You could use your call.
Probably spice it up a little bit.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Neil.
Yeah.
I think George Bush shouldn't even have been in the office
and I think we should run a kid bush out of the gun.
The governor for him and the election to him.
Yeah.
I just think he's been a little more.
Well, let me get this question, sir.
Since George Bush was supposedly elected,
since they stole the election in 2000,
wasn't there a governor, a gubernator election in 2002
when Jeb Bush ran against Bill McBride?
Well.
And what happened, sir?
What happened with that fat ass, devious lying governor you got?
You voted him right back in or again, Bozo?
I don't mean him specifically.
We always sound like a Bozo to me.
Sounds like one of those house-bound people
that Stern has all the time on making fun of trying to get a date.
You know, people like that.
Yeah, just like that.
Yeah, exactly like that.
Oh, he could go far on that show.
And surprise you hasn't already moved to New York.
There you go.
You want to get yourself laid, Gilbert, there you go.
Get on the Stern show.
We'll set it up for you.
We'll have Bob Ablewie come and call your ass out of it.
Eight minutes after one at five, 60, WQ.A.M.
Hey, when you're moving or renovating,
that's the best time to pick up your instrument
and make that one easy call, 1-800-Matras.
Make that first night in your dream house, heavenly,
with a brand new top quality brand name mattress from Dollar Mattress.
I've been using these folks for years, and it's a piece of cake.
You picked it eight and time for delivery.
If it you're moving schedule, you pick it to our window.
And Dollar Mattress will be there.
There are on time, 99.7% of the time.
Nobody's got a better selection either of Queen and King size mattress sets
ready for immediate delivery than Dollar Mattress,
at Unbeatable Prices 2.
When you call 1-800-Matras right now,
you get the top name brand mattress at an Unbeatable Discount Price.
Dollar Mattress still ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
There were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local
Torts of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-Matras, you'll pick from the complete line
of the top names in the universe.
They got them all silly.
CERDA, King Quill, Simmons, Tempropidic,
even, Stearns and Foster, Hewitt.
All the smart folks here at QM have been using these people,
including yours truly for a long time.
And next time your mattress has had it,
you ought to be making that same call.
You can check them on the web if you're like at mattress.com,
or if you want to guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for years to come,
or if you got a college student you're sending off to college,
and want to get him a great mattress too,
or her or it, just make that same call.
1-800-Matras, 1-800-MATTRES.
We're the finest, stranger.
We are Rogers, mornings and weekends.
And we're the round of clock for Vice Secretary.
We're here.
Well, congratulations. Get a life.
I join the Natsip party.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with rattling halosies,
so that it won't be coming for me.
So I went to the Natsip party,
convention held in the Empire State.
For 9-11, thank the Saudis, give their hands a shake,
and dance on the grave.
I'm leaving, mind conscious now.
The bush got trim as well.
You see you feeling any one
that you can't thank for yourself.
Lock the dog, lock the dog, lock the dog, lock the dog, lock the dog.
The boon of boon of boon of y'all.
The entertainer at the Natsip party
was appropriately Christian and white.
There was David Duke, the clear channel of Broopley Greenwood,
and Toby Green's East Keese.
I'm watching, all righty now.
And hand-culture as well.
If you don't believe, was she the only one that you should die, go to hell.
What of all, no?
Absolutely.
Well, the good thing is he changes mind.
He said on the Today Show, L. President,
that you can't win that war on terror, it's just unwinnable.
And then somebody said,
that's probably not a good thing to say,
oh, you're right, I didn't mean that.
And so he's making the rounds, man.
He even called it on Russ speaking of pill-popping rush.
Called it on the show.
Hey, we're going to win this war on terror.
We're going to win.
We're going to win.
We're going to win.
He didn't mean that.
He didn't really say that.
I mean, we're not going to have the tape.
We heard you were going to have the tape on NBC.
But they'll probably destroy that tape.
Or else.
Or else.
No, you didn't hear it.
Sure it does.
No, you didn't.
I did.
You think you heard it.
I did.
No, you didn't.
I have a copy.
No, you don't.
It's on me.
There's a knock on the door.
Uh-oh.
See you, George.
560-560-560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Live.
I'm going to have to take a copy of that thing.
I am.
I don't know.
I used to say that.
Right.
All of these things, you know.
WDQ AMP.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Quick thing about the casino at the Seminole.
It's just like you said.
It's just no fun.
I was there a few weeks ago.
We went back about a week later.
And it was past the seven-day receipt period.
So I ended up losing about 350 to the casino.
Really?
When you stick that two bit ticket in there, it's only good for X number of tickets.
I mean, I hear it's packed all the time.
I'm always going to be doing a show from there this afternoon.
I was close to what show he does.
But what is that?
It's packed.
It is packed with people.
And I think they just don't know what a good casino is.
Like myself.
I don't know anything about casino.
It was a company thing.
But I mean, why can't the people explain to me what the difference is between whatever those make-believe machines are?
They got in a real slot machine.
I mean, it shouldn't be that difficult.
Well, the difference is I don't think you win as much.
The second thing is, I like the clink of the money coming down when you did get...
No, no, no, no.
I'm not talking about the slip coming out.
They're in Vegas, they're all like that now, too.
Are they?
Yeah.
But I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about what replaces...
I don't know.
The bingo balls and all this other stuff.
I don't understand that.
There's some kind of progressive thing.
And you get 11 cents when you win or sticks in a half-sense.
I didn't have a good time.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm going to have a good time.
I'm going to have a good time.
I'm going to have a good time.
I mean, I realize most people out there don't care about slot machines,
even though that's my new hobby,
it's losing a lot of money for slots.
But is it that difficult?
I mean, if you've been to Vegas, if you've been to Woodland,
or in the city, even if you're one of those bogus cruise ships,
if you were to the bogus Bahamas, which is going to blow away pretty soon,
is what we're hearing.
Wouldn't have be bad.
Huh?
Yes.
No, actually, no, it would not.
We don't like the Bahamas.
I know we have many people over there who listen,
and some of them might be nice people.
Although quite frankly, I doubt it,
because I never met any nice people from the Bahamas,
or from Jamaica.
Now, what about where's Jamaica, exactly?
I'm a...
See, my job is usually pretty good.
I know where all the states are.
I'm okay on that.
But I'm really embarrassed about my county confusion here today.
Directly south of Cuba.
You want to know why I have county confusion?
Because I'm trying to forget about Florida.
It's easily done.
I've been here too long,
and I'm trying to forget all this to you.
Forget about it.
Because take a look at several of those counties there.
Like, of course, that Jewish county up there,
where the state kind of occurs at Levy County.
Yeah.
Way down upon the Levy,
or is that Levi, Levi Harner.
And then there's Dixie County,
and Citrus and Hernandez Hideaway,
and Pasco, and Penias,
and Manatee and Sarisota.
When I worked at WSPP in Sarisota 1973,
my boss, Snooki Cliff Lanson,
or Cliff Snooki Lanson,
his name was Cliff Lanson,
he used to come Snooki Lanson,
behind his back.
And I would call it Sarisota,
and boy, that used to frost his hand.
Really? Oh, he hated that.
Sorry, Sarisota.
And then there's Vaquil County,
and the Gadzden, way up there,
and Calhoun.
Oh, hey, Calhouns,
they're in Tallahassee.
Now, what county is Tallahassee involved?
No, that's Jacksonville.
So you better learn your geography later.
The bird center's going to come down and spank your ass.
He died.
Who the bird center?
And though they told us?
No.
We can only hope.
Holmes Elementary.
Walton Jackson.
I don't even know the sum of these counties.
And of course, there's Phil Henry County.
You've been in that one?
Are you sure? Yeah.
You used to be on the left side of the state,
and now it's way over on the right there by Brevard.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Bush.
Did we do it?
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, since you're up there in Canada,
I want to know what's the job of opportunity
like for a brother up there, man.
None. We don't allow you folks up there.
Fies it.
What?
No, we got all of the Indian people in Pakis and...
Pack of the bit.
Oh, we got Chinese, man.
We got Chinese up the old...
In-Yay?
No, is it?
Oldie, In-Yay, boy.
So we don't allow you folks in there.
In fact, you had your chance back in the early part of the month.
They had that Caravanne Festival,
two weeks of darkness.
That's when I went off to Europe for some strange reason.
But at any rate, there's no chance.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to tell you about the seminal casino.
Oh, my God.
If this is the guy that can actually explain it,
I might...
If I had a prize, I'd send it to you.
Go ahead.
Well, the difference between a real casino and...
And they believe...
If you go in there with some money,
and you said at the black dot table,
and you went 10 grand,
you take 10 grand of the casino's money.
You know, they're putting up their money against your money.
I see.
With seminal and, you know,
with the dog track and the harness track and all that stuff,
you're playing against each other.
Yeah, you...
So the casino actually risks nothing.
They just take a percentage of everything that you gamble.
So that's the main difference.
Yeah, but that doesn't explain to me about the slot machines.
I don't understand that at all.
How can you be playing against the other players?
It's... they're all computer-length,
and every place money goes to Newerpool,
and a few people win,
and the house picks out their 18 percent or whatever they take,
and they divide up the rest.
If you've ever played there,
and you'll see there's like a delay...
How have they ever been there?
Yeah, if you go to their machine,
and you know, I went there when they first opened the hard rock,
and you put your money in, and you play,
and there's like a delay,
like a few seconds while I guess the computer's figure out,
you know, who to give them money to or whatever.
Right.
But it's not like, you know,
it's not like if you hit a jackpot,
the house actually has to pay.
You're getting paid from everybody else.
That's the difference.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm taking back my prize. Thanks, Malley.
I know I still don't understand it.
Do you?
Are you kidding me?
No, I mean, I understand the difference in that year.
But let's say you win five grand, okay?
Let's say the jackpot on Wheel of Fortune,
you know, five grand.
Do you really care if it's the house's money or somebody else's money?
As much as you're being friendly with everybody around you.
Oh, hey, I hope you're winning.
Come on, get a big one.
Where does the house get it?
Where does the house get it?
Is it at all somebody else's money?
Right.
Of course.
When you're playing slots.
Right.
So this guy has got less idea than the other guy did what he's talking about.
When you're playing the slot machines, I mean, like the Wheel of Fortune
ones are all linked together, whether it's in Woodbine or Atlantic City or in Vegas
or in Flambro Downs or in El Miro Raceway or in Palmyra, New York,
which goes with the Smith and his Stantablets, I don't know.
I thought it's a pretty simple question.
Anybody that's ever been in a real casino, you see the real machines, okay?
They have reals, some of them have four, but most of them have three reals, right?
Mm-hmm.
Spin and Reels.
Remember, David Clayton, that we were through this two weeks ago, what a whole thing
would spin and wheel, okay?
Jesus Christ!
And they're telling me that they don't have the reals.
Now, are these the reals video game?
And what were the big old malls, okay?
Yeah, that period couple, by the way.
He still did.
He still did.
And if I'd dead babies is walking around in the woods if they're looking for Perry's body.
Who's up there?
Who's up there?
Who's up there?
Yeah, okay, great.
That was the QAM, hello.
Yeah, Mr. Timil.
Speaking.
Hey, no, what's the, what do you want to know about the machines?
I want to know how they work, what makes them different.
Monestamahalai La Hazez, the chain is very different.
They're not?
No.
So, then why does everybody tell me they don't have real slot machines they do?
They know what they're talking about.
Yeah, they're the same.
Well, they're double diamond, they're the most popular machines Vega says.
And they have the real real fortune with the real?
Oh, sure.
They do?
Sure, all right.
They before you say I'm saying extra guy, plus $10 in a yes, four cores, he went $325,000.
No.
Yes.
What's happening?
I can be there.
I can be there.
I can be there.
I want to afford it.
What is based on is the bank.
Let's say a bank is a bank of 20 machines.
Yeah.
The bank takes in a million dollars.
Right.
They pay out $750,000.
Right.
The house takes, they take it.
They take it to 50.
That's all.
Right.
It's a simple equation.
Well, see, I like that.
It's not bad.
Because at least that I know what percentage they're taking out is to post a like up there
in woodbind.
They could be paying back like 70% for all we know.
They don't post it.
They don't tell you what percent they're paying back.
No, they don't.
Right.
But that's about what they take.
That's about what they pay out.
Yeah.
But the machines here don't have the spinning wheel, though.
Sure they do.
They do?
Of course.
Well, no, why does everybody tell me they don't?
And if you're playing wheel of fortune, for example, which I see they even have billboards
for it, are do you tell me that when you get a spin, it's got the little thing on top
that's good.
So what are all these people doing?
I got to go over there and went to doubt I'll check it out.
You never, never believe these people, man.
They don't know they're asked from your elbow.
Exactly.
Thanks, Pally.
Okay.
See how do you like that?
No wonder they can't explain it.
It's too real.
It's too easy.
It's too simple.
It's like the Pope tried to explain intercourse, okay?
With a woman.
I mean, give me a break, Papa.
Let's see.
Here's Rick Chronicrix's.
Like I said before, first ones, he'll listen around a way to Toronto.
BlackboxVoting.com is a great start to check out.
Machines set to be fixed.
Be safe in that storm.
It's a big one says Chronic Rick.
And what is this?
Florida City County Lookup.
What are what are they?
Oh, this tells you every city what county it's in.
That's pretty interesting.
Yeah.
Somebody just faxed me this.
In case we got a lot of time one day if they went out of tape there on the steering show,
we can just read all of this.
So an alphabetical order.
For example, a Latchewa County or a Latchewa is in a Latchewa County.
Makes sense to me, right?
Convenient.
Yeah.
And Alphards in Jackson County.
So you see, don't cut your horses.
So what is this guy trying to tell me that they're the same?
Everybody, everybody I talked to was said they don't have the spinning wheels on the slot machines.
They say, no, stay parmissiaki.
Huh?
Find a wheel and it goes round.
Yeah.
Perry's still dead, by the way.
Dead babies is out there looking for them.
Up there in Palm Beach County somewhere.
Maybe you'll find a Theresa LaPour walking through the woods too.
Wouldn't that be sweet?
God, I didn't think you'd be a man.
That was one of the greatest moments in history of the scene of people of Palm Beach.
And like I started to say before before I interrupted myself, the pollsters aren't perceiving.
See, they're not picking up on the anger, on the fury, on the frustration after 2000.
If they think that anybody named Bush is going to win this state this time, they're dreaming.
Because we have some devious plans just to wait till those roadblocks for that fat ass governor.
All those red necks, we're going to have roadblocks for them.
Just like the ones around Hyatis Road.
We're going to purge their neat grows from that vote roll.
That's what you think.
We're going to in fact, between now and November, you've never seen anybody multiply so fast in your life and age fast too, you know.
Right now, Armstrong Ford, a homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining 0-4s.
Here are just some of the great deals waiting for you right now.
And 0-4 F-150 pick up just a dollar over invoice.
New 0-4 explorers, you pay just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, crowned vix, terraces, and focuses all waiting for you.
It's just one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to its lower customers too.
When you buy a 4 from Armstrong, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
You heard right.
Tires and batteries for life.
And the value you'll get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there because right now, you'll get a free sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
Press for time.
Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable so call them at 305-247-512 and shop by phone.
They'll even deliver your new vehicle right to your home.
Armstrong Ford of homestead is locally owned and operated.
They treat you just like family.
You will not get a better deal anywhere on a Ford no way, no how.
No bait and switch, no phone.
The deal is just fantastic and beatable deal every time.
At Armstrong Ford of homestead, you'll find them at 307-25 South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check out the web, armstrongcars.com.
So, drive a little, save a ton on the great new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of homestead.
Ford seems a real Roger.
It's a good answer.
It looks like you're on 560-60-8-2-A-M.
For David's a bitch.
Oh, now you're in here talking, see.
No, he's in here distracted me when I want to play his fine material.
What? From New York.
It's devilic, devilic, devilic, and the Republican national convention and the American radio with their house in Belgrade.
Oh, this is awesome.
Oh, how could I not be interested?
I don't know, I don't know.
Just kidding, I'm not interested.
Live at the great public town national convention.
That was keynote speaker, Zell Mill.
I think he just said it in the outcome.
When you believe it, I'm a Democrat.
What you're hearing is flying across the city center, flying remote control, toy, airplane, scale model of the twin tower.
I'd like to tell you in a sec.
That sound you just heard was damn right there and getting punched in the stomach.
Oh, we have a rare public appearance by Carl Rull, Twain the Zeilah Paul using the Scalatol Remain of 9-11 victims.
Here is Ann Koldow, who had her strict presence to close this segment of the convention.
She seems to be tossing her face days and campaigns to the remote predators.
I'll link her back on that.
Alan, please.
The main story of the show.
27-2 at 560 WQ.
I'm Curtis Stevenson from the Mad Dog Attu.
Then we got Mohar David Ed from the Hard Rock Casino.
I guess you can go in there for yourself.
Maybe I'll go over while he's on the air.
And then you could rub his head for luck and I could bond with old flat top.
What do you think?
I might think he's interested in us.
I don't understand what these people are talking about.
634 votes.
How do you rate George W. WQ's first term as president?
It better be his last 328.
The disaster 133 outstanding 487.5%.
The worst ever 40.
Good.
Good is God.
3rd man.
Week 22.
Mediocre 18.
And okay.
15.
Okay.
So far.
Who's on a bat line?
WQ and bat line.
Not there.
Who the could that have been?
I wonder.
That must have been somebody from maybe like fat rich or somebody like that?
Or norm.
No.
Somebody QA, I'm hello.
Okay.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think why everybody says that it's different because you don't hear the money hitting the taste, hitting the...
How is it possible that there are so many stupid people that you don't hear the money because they don't use the coins anymore?
Because it's pass in Vegas and in Niagara Falls and big places.
That's right.
And you take the slip and your computer slip.
You either take it to the cashier and make cash in or you put it in another machine.
You get the credit for it.
That's the new way and they just don't understand it.
No matter these people, dumb or what?
They must be because they haven't been to Vegas and quite a while.
Obviously.
Okay. Thanks, pal.
Thanks.
God, answer the bat line.
QAM.
Neil Rogers speaking.
Joe Castello, how are you?
Okay, Joe.
Hi.
Congratulations by the way to Joe Castello who's on GetSeriesXM radio.
Which one is it?
XM.
XM, like I said.
Yes.
But I have the answer about you.
You already called me on this once before getting the wrong information the first time.
I did.
What I went and I did.
By the way, have you ever seen Joe Castello and Howard Dean together, same person?
Wow.
All right, here's the deal.
You want to be the only one.
He's got the same cheek thing that you got a cheeky thing.
Go ahead.
All right.
Each individual slot machine is hooked to a group of a couple of others.
And initially, when you put your money in.
Yeah.
You're not playing a slot.
You're playing a game of bingo against several other players.
What?
Yeah.
You can tell this by the way.
The game of bingo.
Of bingo.
The I-N-G-O.
Yes.
Yes.
Here's the deal.
You're playing a game of bingo against a couple of other players.
Oh, you've got to be schmittin' me.
Yeah, you'll see because there's a little bingo board in the center top of the slot machine now.
A bingo board on my slot machine?
You'll see it.
So, if you win.
I'm Asian already.
If you win the bingo game with, by getting five turns in a row.
Yeah.
Then you will win that the slots will turn and you'll determine your prize.
What's real for winning the bingo game?
Does that make sense?
You follow me?
If you win the bingo game.
Yes.
But how can you be playing bingo against other people?
I mean, bingo is just bingo.
But it's legal in the state of Florida, but the machines are not.
Right.
And that's the thing.
So they have a way of making you think, wow, this is a slot machine.
It's got to be.
Well, how do you win the bingo game?
What do you have to do?
It's like lightning bingo.
It's computer generated.
It's one of those legalized lightning bingo.
But what do you have to get on it to have a spin?
All right.
Five across.
Five up.
Five across.
Five diagonal.
Like bingo.
I don't really play bingo too much.
But how often do you get five across or have five up and down?
Yeah, it happens a lot.
It does.
And let's assume you get five across.
Okay, then what?
And the real start spinning.
Like the real spin.
In other words, automatically, like the QA was prize wheel, right?
Right.
But here's the deal.
If you didn't get bingo, you will lose when the real spin.
But if you did get bingo, that means you're going to win something.
But you don't know why.
Always say in other words, if you don't get bingo, the wheel still spins, but you lose.
So what's the point of it spinning?
What is that accomplished?
Why entertainment?
Just to deter entertainment and to deter.
Yes.
How entertaining can it be when you know you're going to lose ahead of time?
Well, most people, as indicated by your show, don't know that that's part of the game.
They don't realize that they've already lost.
They don't realize that it means nothing.
You know something, only in Florida, can they come up with something as half-assed as this?
That's just unbelievable.
I'm not suggesting you don't go, because it's really pretty there.
And I have a great steakhouse in there right here.
There are chances of my going for what you're describing to me on a scale of minus zero.
Now next time you come to Toronto, I'll take you out to Woodbine.
You'll see what a really nice race track facility of Casino is with 1700 real machines.
Now for anyone who would dispute me, the reason I know this is because the last time you were on the air talking about this,
I was in the casino like a day later and I pulled over an employee who I won't mention because I don't remember his name.
And I asked him the very specific ins and outs of the deal because I wanted to know.
And he told me that I was not to tell anyone.
Now that was much to tell anyone what.
I guess there's a kind of a likely idea that there's a misconception about the slot machines and that they're really bingo.
Okay, now let's say you're playing Wheel of Fortune, okay?
You're playing a bingo, you win something, and then you're the real spin and you get a spin on the wheel.
But then you still spin it the same way you would on a regular machine, is that what you're saying?
When you play, you punch a very common head.
All right, first of all, there's not enough wheel of fortune games in there to satisfy the need.
Well, there isn't anywhere. They're in service to a woodbind.
Everybody loves Wheel of Fortune.
Right.
You put your money in, you'll either get the bingo or you won't.
If you don't get the bingo, the wheels are going to spin and you're going to lose.
If you do get the bingo, then the wheels are going to spin.
And then you might get a spin on the top wheel and then you might win.
Right.
It's like a three-tiered...
So in other words, you've got to just press in the button.
It's a three-step process instead of just one or two.
Absolutely correct.
Yeah.
It sounds like crap.
I've cleared it.
Well, it's still entertaining.
It's still random chance.
I mean, it's no less or more fun than...
I prefer real slot machines personally, but this is fun.
I don't want to have to play bingo.
Or in fact, I was told it wasn't bingo, it was kino.
It's bingo.
It's a bingo board.
It's bingo.
Here, because bingo, you're right, it's legal.
Right.
Now, it has something to do with the Pope also.
I mean, the church did a cut of this?
I have to do it with the Pope.
Uh-huh.
How are you, otherwise?
Great.
Now, what times your show on XM?
It, uh, last week I was up there.
Now I'm back in negotiations from 8 to 10 p.m. on the East Coast, which is, you know,
driving the West Coast all that.
On that's car 144.
Right.
And then where do you do the show from?
Well, that's the thing.
They want me to move to Washington, D.C.
Well, why would you want to do that?
Yeah.
What's the difference between the make where you do the show from?
Plus, the last time I checked, there was no auto racing in Washington, D.C., except in the highways.
Well, around Dover.
It's kind of closer.
Dover.
It's, um, yeah.
Right here, Dover Downs, and right near Harrington, Raceway.
Right.
But they got to slots up there by the way.
They got fantastic persons because they got slots.
We need it in Florida.
Nobody's talking about that.
It's on a ballot in November.
I'm voting, baby.
I'm totally voting for the other.
Real slots we're talking about.
Not make-believe.
Not B-I-N-G-O.
Was a dog.
A lot of real stuff.
Well, nice going, Joe.
Well, thank you very much.
And, uh, hopefully I've explained it and, you know, people can dispute me, but I ask the people there.
And this is the explanation I've been talking about.
Well, you kept me out of there.
Thanks.
See you, Bob.
Good luck.
Joe Costello, who used to be out over there.
Oh, by the way, Mark Eisenberg's on the new 790, which is unfortunate.
Yes.
And, uh, a couple of their other stations.
Stugots.
Yeah.
I thought Stugots is the PD over there at 790.
He is.
I'm not talking about an exam.
I'm talking about on 790, the ticket.
I see.
I see.
I saw Stugots last September ground up over there.
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
I was just saying that and then you said, I know.
Oh, well, I thought you were talking about the other joints.
The other joints?
Because he was on the federal page.
Who's got the other joints?
Oh, does he?
I hope so.
He looks like he's been smoking them.
Twenty till, now what does this say?
It says the corner.
This is a scandalous, a court of the National Hurricane Center website.
The prediction has of 10 o'clock this morning.
There was an 18% chance that the eye of Francis will pass through Miami.
Also as you've seen the official NOAA and National Hurricane Center map shows
Francis East of Lake Okeechobee Saturday at 2 o'clock in the morning the weather
furry and furry junior when she's sober no all of this information of course
but it's in their best interest to whip everybody up into a panic they should
both be a horse whip for their responsibility but I think they might enjoy it too
much
Power, machine, and powerhouse, law, and force of fight system, QA
Got this closed location have been revealed
The gloaning of a super race will continue into the future when they will only be a world of chanies
We have come to grey as conflagian devilio morning ELA
China hasoderated super charnier speed there is a corridor ahead of me
Tuwei can listen up through midnight hills and obtain a global report
will be submitted to baker had rights to run history
   
has to be lesbian and so we're ready to go on that search and destroy mission for that
last remaining tough deputy.
Yes, if I'll get right on it, of course, we'll find anything better to do.
Let's start backing the harm.
We'll do that anyway.
We'll do that anyway.
We'll do that anyway.
We'll do that anyway.
We'll do that anyway.
We'll do that anyway.
We'll do that anyway.
We'll sign the signs here completely by changing the National Board quarters and
the akt report and it's been very, very... apoying.
Over thousands change the measure.
the
problem is still through five sixty w two m
merry uh... chain is a selfish heathen is as alan kees
the dark and collected republican candidate desperate for candidate for
a governor of uh...
i mean yeah senator from Illinois right
was running against our
friend brock brock obama
uh...
the banjo on his knee
uh... brock is forty two points ahead by the way
in the pool
he's way ahead
but alan kees that right wing dark and collected self-hating purchases
that merry chain is a selfish heathen is because she's a homo sexual
icy
so she is a selfish heathen is so says the anxious
bible thumping
holder of the now
dark and collected alan kees
how many votes you think he's going to get in Illinois
but turn it out
how do you rate your wbushes first term as president of poll question today
so i second poll today big one on the first one there
right
to a was a pretty good how it's turned kick that thank god for that
greg
six hundred eighty three votes house uh... bush's first term
it better be as last
three hundred forty seven
disaster hundred forty three the worst ever fifty two outstanding fifty two
and it is mild
good thirty two week twenty four maybe over eighteen
and okay
comcy comsa men's amenza fifteen
wiki and hello
yes sir
i was just called me to say that i was coming to be says this is going to be a
catastrophic
storm
he's getting us already
what does that mean
what what he said his wife is called him
and come all just said that it would be a catastrophic school of storm
and
so we'll be fo university
with that
blah
y
the i think i need i've offended
folhistoire
uh...
knank
that they
a scattered thunderstorm, but we know that we don't want to hear the local forecast.
Do we?
We don't want to hear any.
What?
No!
It's going to be hot.
It might rain.
It might be hot and humid and maybe rain might not thunderstorm here somewhere.
We want to hear the latest.
We want to hear the inside scoop man, the inside story.
And we also want to hear just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the
world is going to come next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested
homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect
gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles,
alternate side of the street parking will be suspended.
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m.
Mark it down.
Welcome to a very important edition of Tropical Update.
I'm geneticm.
I've got a new worry for hurricanes turning.
Tell us something.
Tell us something.
You'll be paying for this.
There will be the weather.
We have 2 p.m.
And 5 p.m.
We've got the elevator here.
Let me give you the new information.
Give us a look from the screen here.
A lot of the information is the same.
Of course, the location is not.
We have a look at the latitude 21.8 north and longitude 70.4 west.
That's about 700 miles.
Now, instead of 735, that's 700 miles east southeast of the Florida east coast.
We're looking at the pressure here.
We now have 49.1 millibar from the latest hurricane hunter.
So the pressure may have gone up a little bit.
That is not substantial, really.
So, yeah, staying with us.
It was a winding day, really.
As hurricane France has moved closer and closer to Florida, people are piling into the stores,
grabbing everything they need to.
Oh my god, that's so much.
We're trying to make sure our neighbors are here.
And the dishes in Miami where people are lining up.
Yeah, we're this.
The lines have been long.
It's just Miami Home Depot store all day yesterday and this morning.
Take a look inside.
You can see that business is risk here as the Russian market is sure of the store.
15 pieces of plywood.
That's as much as customers are allowed to purchase at one time.
Many are being sure that they're stocking up early, but deliveries are coming in.
The trucks are full.
Why would it's flying off the shelves?
In fact, electric generators here at this point are so bad.
15 sheets of plywood or 15 sheets of sharmies.
You will see the meal, Roger.
Thank you for the meal.
I'll see you in the next 60th of July.
You A.M.
Ricky of Lowe.
You're per...
I tell you, I tell you my love.
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you my love.
I tell you, I tell you my love.
Now you're the boy, now the sink in pants and the water is warm.
And the last hand stands straight.
And the white rawns in the air fall.
The one around here is gone up in you.
I've got a lot of things to do.
I'll tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you.
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you.
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you.
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you.
No!
158...
Well, Curtis Stevenson, I guarantee you one thing.
You stick with 560, man.
Our vast news resources, right?
That's right.
Our stores.
Our store, our store, our specialist.
Our weather center.
Our news people are hot connections all around the community and all around the
the National Hurricane Center.
We're going to keep you right on top of it, right?
Right.
And if we don't know what's going on, we'll just make up some stuff.
Anyway, I don't think they did a really good job to you.
No.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon, the eye of Hurricane Francis located near latitude 21.8
north, monjotude 70.4 west, or about 60 miles east northeast of Grand Turk
island and 700 miles east southeast of the Florida duck east coast.
Francis is moving toward the west, northwest near 15 miles an hour.
That's a little bit slower.
That's good.
The slower the better.
Because the slower the slower the slower the target, the more chances they like.
Take a curve right up there toward Jacksonville.
It will be good.
Yeah.
Trader Parks.
The general track is expected to continue during the next 24 hours with a gradual decrease
in forward speed.
Got it.
Good.
Got it.
On this track, the core of the hurricane will be passing near over the Turkic and
Kinko Islands later today in the southeastern Bahamas during the next 24 hours and blowing
all those grey robbers away.
Maximum sustained winds are made near 140 miles an hour.
It's a category full.
It's a cat-four.
While fluctuations in the intensity are expected during the next 24 hours, Francis could
still intensify a little more before reaching the Hurricane Warning area and miss Kamal, whether
for a junior channel seven according to that call, it says it's going to be a catastrophic
hurricane for somebody.
Somewhere, there's going to be a big blow is what he said.
Now what he said?
Something like that.
Of course, when a cop's asking for the big blow, he refused to do it.
Maybe he did do it.
I don't know.
Huh?
I don't know.
Wouldn't have been the first time.
Of course it all depends on how you define that and we don't have time to go into that.
Anyway, don't forget George and Volkabriner and Miguel de A. Happy are five to seven at
Treasure Island in the south.
No, just no, three hundred twenty seconds.
Three, the exit.
Just off the ball.
Meadow with Jonah Jason is going to be doing it.
Bye, bye, bye.
