Battlefield Earth, sorry, in 90, glitter 87, while while West 84, Freddie got
72, vanilla sky 48, the Hulk 46, Matrix Revolution and Pudy Tang 45, don't say that. The crying game 40, Batman and Robin 38, Kung-Pow, under the 37.
What? I'm not saying enter the fist. I'm not saying that. Don't. A set of a woman
34, just an absolute embarrassment, just unbelievably bad.
Titanic and the Mexican and Pulp Fiction, each had 32, Pearl Harbor 28, in spite of the lovely old Ben was in that one too, Ben Watson and
but also Josh Hartnett, who's got like, I don't know, kind of a pasty complexion if you look real close.
The Master of the Skies 19, 60 degrees of separation that was George's choice 15,
the Matrix 14, Lord of the Rings 13, Crossroads 13, born on the 4th of July, which I liked it a lot. It had 12 though.
Thornbooth 10, Hard Rain 7, a beautiful mind, six, because we're pissed off at Russell Crowe, so
I pray you do a kiss for my own private Idaho with the very dead River Phoenix head three, U-turn three, and Passion of Mind
had one. At least they all had at least one anyway. Wait till you hear who's going to be doing afternoons on RFX speaking of Radio Shenanigans. This is exciting.
What does this Captain Rick Fax say? Last night, Lou Dobbs had a goners program named David K Johnson, who has a book out now called
Perfectly Legal that has to do with our current tax system, and now this White House and the IRS can steal if for another words our harder and money.
The Bush Meister can fly all of our house creation and Air Force one because the $1.6 million per hour the taxpayers expense.
Yet my VA benefits are cut where I can't even get a decent sick call into the VA. I guess that's the American FN Ways is Captain Rick. You got a Captain Rick
Time to handle like a real country is what I'm saying like a Haiti. And by the way, how come we were took so long that they're finally well
You know, we're going to send some people in there some international troops. I
Guess we just don't care about Haiti or Haitians or things like that doing. No, we don't care about that. We don't care about that. We don't care about this hemisphere when you come right down to it.
Because the evil doers just aren't in the hemisphere.
Anyway, we can't this is in the great.
What's his name? The one.
The great big great Jim Sarni's column today in the Sun Scent. It's just a joke. He's so obnoxious.
Anyway, this is supposed to be about radio sports radio and TV. I love the way that like I noticed that the little dog there when it comes to the top there.
QAM sports time. Now time is different. Is it that was my question. I never paid attention that before but QAM sports time is 10 o'clock as opposed to like regular ordinary pedestrian
Eastern standard time. I asked about it. Yeah. Yeah. And time is much more manly than regular. Oh, is it?
In time, sure. Uh huh. So in other words, if you have like a really big clock on the wall, right? That's the sports time. It's D. Fee. Right. A real big one.
Okay. Well, at the very ass end of Jim Sarni's column today, he gives us the breathtaking news that Stugatz and toast.
We'll take over the three to six PM slot on WRFX 940 AM March 15. Jorge Sedano moved to the 68 PM slot. Whoever that is.
Toast. Now it seems to me that toast used to be on there with old Ron and old Paul, didn't they? Correct. Right. And then he got canned off there. They hit a little falling out. Now what does toast got to do with sports? Anything that he do.
Sports on end. Oh, I see. I think he's just I think he read the updates to sports updates. Ah, well, that makes him the qualifies them as a sports sign.
Whole. Stugatz, of course, the very, very decent guy who doesn't belong on the air type of guy. Stugatz shouldn't be on the air just to say hello or goodbye. Much less even to read numbers like, you know, Tampa Bay 4 Toronto 3 shouldn't even allow to read the numbers.
Stugatz and toast. Three to six. And of course, the irony of that is that they're going to be on against the Humper.
And Stugatz, even though he's been working for the competitive for quite some time now for several months, he's still getting help in booking his guests on a show from his boyfriend.
Our program director Clarence. Oh my God. How do you like that? That's the room around the building. That's a scuttle butt. I heard some more of today's matter.
If I somebody wanted to mention that to me. So Humper probably ain't too happy about it. He probably wants to say something to Clarence.
Hey, stupid as to cut the crap. You know, he got some guy who's going to go on opposite us. Even though he's going to get fractional numbers, which that station's gotten since they went to all sports.
And even before even before they went to all sports. Nice going people. You're nice going to keep channel.
That's another one of those cheap channel stations you can avoid. Now, let me see which are the stations they own big, which you still have Howard Stern big.
They have love 94, right? Yeah, they got Zeta. Don't they have Y100? Don't they own that too? I don't know. Let me look up one of their business cards.
No, no, seriously. I don't want to say something that they don't. And then what's the other one? I'm leaving out M.I.B. men in black. They got that.
Okay, right? I think. Yeah. And then the two AMs of course are INZ, which is now WRFX and W.I.O.D. which speaks for itself all spin all day. All ultra right wing crap W.I.O.D.
Oh, I hate that station. Right. And so does everybody else. All right, wing.
Crap all day. Didn't do them too much good though. Sure, our in deep hot water up to their armpits had that John Hogan guide is sweating up a store, man.
Adam from Kendall says check out this form letter cheap channel. Semi when I told them they suck. It says, thank you for your feedback regarding the Howard Stern program. We were very much value and appreciate your opinion. No, they don't.
Due to the large volume of emails, we cannot personally respond to each inquiry below is the statement of John Hogan president and C.E.E. of the Clear Channel Radio regarding this matter.
Hogan says Clear Channel drew a line in the sand with regard to protecting our listeners from indecent content and Howard Stern showed blue right through it. It was vulgar offensive and insulting not just to women and African Americans, but to anyone with a common sense of common decency.
We will not air Howard Stern our Clear Channel stations until we're assured that he show will conform to acceptable standards of responsible broadcasting John Hogan president and C.E.
of Clear Channel Radio and then Adam says this is joke. I need about 30 seconds.
But 30 man to pray for us. Okay, Manishana Halalah Zabba, Rukhatara, Noya Kaksahoy. That's it. That's our message to Clear Channel. So those are the seven stations. I would be a
seriously avoiding. Wouldn't you? I want to listen to those anyway. Love 94 with a crappy jazz, which is for pseudo intellectuals. Nobody wants to hear that.
Especially the way they screwed over Captain Dave Capri, right? Right. I mean, that's a while ago, but nevertheless they screwed him over. Sooner or later, if you work for a cheap channel, they will screw you over. No matter what you do, how good a job you do if you're a nice guy, nice lady, whatever you might be. They'll stick it to you.
People, you're personally, we're going to have to dagger and stick it right in your back. That's right. The assassin because that's just the kind of guy he is.
Here's today's poll. Let's see how this turns out and keep in mind. And I did give her vacation on this morning, but
these are broadcasting is running the Howard Stern show on a West Coast and their Fort Myers station. W.O.F.F. or whatever the color is. I don't know.
So that's our poll question today. What's your reaction to the clear channel drop of Howard Stern show? It's worth it kind of strained, but that what do I care?
Clear channel drop. They drop one. I'm foaming at the mouth. I'm angry. I want to turn on QA and Monday.
Fascism is alive in well in America. Absolutely. It's about time. Get the filth off the ear. I don't care. Not a stern listener. Or this is the last straw. I'm finished with the right wing.
In other words, maybe some people might have been turned around by this dramatic turn of events. By the way, speaking of term, we got Christina Ricci is our nearly new, nearly completely new celebrity this morning.
On our website nearrages.com. I just mentioned that in passing for anybody wants to see Christina. Not a she's not looking all that great to be honest with.
Well, we've been. Ah. What? Whatever you were going to say, just don't do it. Well, I'm sure it had to do with whatever she's showing there. Oh, and speaking of that, we got boog. That's with the G. Boog for the mad dog. It to the Humper. The Hebrew hammer.
At four, Panther, preview at seven, a cap set the a Panthers tonight. Why not another win? How there only a seven points out, I think, aren't they? Yes, some points behind the staggering islanders.
Capitals at the a Macarena 730 Eddie Cape to the hockey game and the anxious sporting news radio overnight.
Oh, oh.
Oh.
When all the hardburn.
Every time I see you.
That.
Three yard at the.
I don't know why they want to show up a nunny's here
First through to the floor you president
The fuck
Oh, fuck
Oh, fuck
Oh, fuck
Oh, what I get to know most most most
And get to we all voted for one
If you want this
Don't talk about this drumming stupid piece
Don't talk about this drumming which yet
Don't talk about this even
You got a man
He is president of the fuck
You don't care what it's all
You got a man by hook or fraud
You're the Christian
Right, no, what's best for you and I
But how don't you hear
We got a great leader here
Oh, president of the fuck
Will the president of the fuck
I'm going to go and find the Lord
Perfect, they're pristine
And thank the Lord for that
In about six or seven minutes there
I would say about six, you got 103 votes on the pool already
They worked up about this and rightfully so
The public is finally starting to catch on
That fascism is alive and well
103 votes, what's your reaction to a clear channel dropping a Howard Stern
Fascism is alive and well in America
That's what I voted for and so did most of everybody
So far 55 people out of 103, 53.3%
This is the last straw I'm finished with the right wing
16, well
I'm angry I want Stern on QA a Monday morning 13
Well, I'm hearing some things
I guarantee you one way or the other
Howard will be on Monday morning
I'm filming at the mouth 11
I don't care, I'm not a Stern listener 5
And it's about time, get the felt off the
Only three, only three
2.9% out of 103 votes, only three idiots
Who don't understand what that little dial is there on the radio
If you don't like it turn it off that kind of thing
See as we isn't a Howard Stern issue
It's a freedom of choice issue
It's a freedom of everything issue
Wait till we get to that story a little bit later on
This one will, if nothing else got here
This one will really, it's unbelievable
US regulators should consider whether radio and TV services
Curied by cable and satellite must adhere to when decency standards
FCC commissioner Kevin Martin said on Wednesday
Oh my god, and they're even talking about satellite radio like Sirius and XM
Whatever that is, XFM, whatever that is
Both of them
They're talking about satellite radio
Which open Anthony or on satellite now that they got came to New York
At any W
They're just going to, they're going to censor everything
In fact, if you got one of those, you know, a cell phone
It's got one of those fancy rings to it, you know, like a musical ring
They're going to censor that too
That has to be a Jesus tune
Right, it has to be a religious tune sung by Ann Murray, by the way
If you want to put you up a little bit
I'll ride
Nice going in, you go boy
So Tom Jicker writes a sensational column
Although I probably should take a call or two they probably want to say
Happy 20th anniversary, Neil, 28 years in this God for Sacred Town
WQA, and hello
Yeah, speaking
Speaking
Yeah, how are you doing?
Pretty good
Yeah, man
Hey, I'm talking to you, you know
Neil, how are you?
Yeah, I'm just born up for two hours
I want to talk to Howard if I could hold on to him
I'll say no, I really appreciate what you're doing
You know, with the freedom of speech and everything
And then sticking by and how
Not the spineless guy that are on 94
And then I'm just pissed off about this whole situation
What are they saying?
94?
Yeah
They're not saying nothing
That's the problem
They're saying nothing
So, you know, I just want to do I listen to Howard in the morning
Do he go off I listen to you because you know, we should guys speak the truth
We want Howard on Monday morning, aren't QA and man
Do it!
How you have, man, you guys are awesome
Can you imagine we have triple digits? We'd have 110 shares
Man, you're cool, Neil
Good luck to us pal, hang in there
Hi buddy
See you at the border
See you right there in the middle of Niagara Falls pedaling around
WDQA, I'm hello
Neil
Yes sir
Maybe one of the first to congratulate you in your anniversary
Thank you very much
And you hit a right on the nail man
Our freedom is going down the drain
Right
It was great, I don't know if anyone noticed
It was hearing the same thing on two stations
That's a glimpse of a three-trip
100,000 watts FM
Big and Zeta
And they're putting their cymbal casting because they haven't got any idea what they're going to do on there
Now, and of course, the good news is that all the revenues since they're only running the run in Paul Spots
From Zeta, all the revenue they would have had from Howard is down the toilet
That's a good news, but of course they don't care because they're peeing in their pants
Exactly
That's going to be a glimpse of the future man
Four stations playing the same thing
You got it, three-trip
You can start pocketing Beethoven, have a great life, apparently
So all we're going to have, no choices, no more
And like I said yesterday, Howard's turned in just go on the ear like a week or two ago
There's nothing revolutionary
There, in fact, if anything, he's a hell of a lot of tamer now because he's been fined as it in times
So I don't know what the big deal is all of a sudden
They're looking for escape codes, they're looking for excuses to come in just like what's his name over there, a Bubba Love Sponging Tampa
Who's also been on the ear there for a long time at least was
Oh no, this is disgusting and filthy, and we got to get it off
And we talk about just caving in Spinalist Broadcaster, man that's just redundancy
Spinalist Broadcasters, this is the problem in America
Very, very few people in this business will really stand up and say, hey, we're not going to put up with that
We'll take it all away to the Supreme Court. Of course they do that and they don't have too much chance anyway, but nevertheless
They can forced all of it for a long time, but they just don't want to pay those legal fees
See, that's another thing that they do
Because they just beat you right down, you know, force you to pay Zidia's dollars and legal fees to fight them
So, you know, and then you want to bankrupt anyway or losing your ass
Tom Jicker writes in a Sunsettle, in fact, this is in tomorrow's paper, but it's on the website
Nice going, Tommy, but I tell you, Tom Jicker is one of those people who really turned around
I used to think of him as kind of a little to the right, not one of those fanatic or right-wing religion
It's not a Bible thumper, but a little bit to the right, a pretty dependable Republican vote
Not no, Mo, I don't think
Tom says TV did the crime and radio is doing the time
More precisely, radio listeners are doing the time
Justin Tinkerbell didn't bear Janet Jackson's breast on radio
However, radio is where the ramifications of the FCC's grandstanding crackdown are most being felt
The clearest and most outrageous manifestation is clear channels decision to pull Howard Stern from six of its radio stations, including WBGG
Jackson flashes a breast on TV and Stern, who's been on radio for more than a quarter of a century, suddenly becomes a person and on grata
A university class in logic could spend a semester trying to analyze that
Every clear channel executive, a member of the FCC ought to be chained to a chair for a screening of Lenny, so that at least have a clue how narrow-minded and stupid they are going to look and retrospect, they certainly don't have a clue now
Clear channels, cow, towing can be traced to a much more significant issue, media consolidation
The San Antonio-based conglomerate owns more than 1200 stations nationwide, a death rattle for localism, which is supposed to be the hard to broadcasting
One executive in Texas has the power to dictate what will be heard in Florida, California, Kentucky and Pennsylvania, this is what happened with Stern
David Ross, the anxious regional vice president of the clear channel station, said in a phone conversation once a afternoon that Stern would continue to be heard on WBGG with several safeguards against indecent material going over the year
A few hours later, they either came down from Texas that Stern had to go, in Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Rochester, San Diego, Pittsburgh and Louisville
Ross knows the sensibilities of this market for more than two decades running successful local stations, however the only authority he had to carry out was the Texans command
Who will allow this unacceptable domination of public airwaves, none other than the FCC
More than a few legislators and activists are demanding the breakup of Clear Channel, a broadcast partner of the SunCentral by the way, rights Tom, good luck to Tom, we'll send you a few bucks
However, it's friends that the Commission of Turner deaf ear, this explains why Clear Channel is so ready to defer to the FCC's morality posturing
This also might explain why the line-up of issue-oriented talk-hosts syndicated by Clear Channel is top-heavy with champions of the Bush administration, Commission Chairman Michael Powell owes his job to the president
Not that Powell needs much encouragement to give away the farm, his commission also voted to raise the penetration cap, the percentage of the national audience reached by network-owned TV stations from 35 to 45 percent
Clearly, on route to 100 percent, if that is ever-loud, localism will be dead in TV2, one executive in New York or Los Angeles, way below the side, but will be seen in more than 200 markets nationwide
Luckily, so many members of Congress bought to the elevated limits that the FCC had to back down, eventually a compromise was reached in the bar was set at 39 percent, which is still being challenged in the courts
The spanking the FCC took on this issue and not unrelated to the indecency crackdown, stung at being perceived as sitting in the broadcast industry's pocket, Powell's FCC chose the Super Bowl controversies and opportunity to flex its muscles without doing anything truly meaningful
The borrow a corollary to one of Murphy's laws, when all is said and done, more will be said than done
The FCC has summoned broadcast teap-tons to the Washington Wood shed for a public flogging, some fines will be issued even at the inflated rates being discussed in merely a cost to doing business, a very lucrative business
Once the public moves on to the next cause, celebrity will gradually return to the presupporable norm, but Powell's FCC will apply to the Republican base and the run up to a national election
It would be a misnobar to describe the Super Bowl flashes the catalyst for the crackdown and reality is the excuse
Suffolpated moral guardians are forever waiting for any opportunity to attempt to enforce their personal rigid codes on everyone else, the actions of Jackson and Tinkerbell which were inexcusable were like mana from heaven for the moral mafia
No one has ever been involuntarily subjected to more than a few seconds had most of stern, neo-rodgers or any other personnel they now in the crosshairs of the FCC
Given the notoriety of these shock-shots have achieved anyone's clue claims to have been offended by tuning in unaware of the nature of their program should look beyond the commandments dealing with sex and focus on those dealing with false witness
Moreover, the FCC's actions here constitute a single issue of abandonment of the bedrock Republican principle of letting the marketplace decide
The people who would like to deny others the opportunity to listen to Howard Stern or watch NYPD blew up ample alternatives that fall within the parameters of their sensibilities
There are scores of religious radio stations as well as a national Disney radio never threw out the US, the combined audience for all of them doesn't add up to what Stern attracts every morning
Is policy suggesting that the millions of Americans who enjoy Stern's adult humor all perverts?
But PACs created a TV network that catered to those turned off by the content successes of the rest of TV, the ratings are so low a sky-writing claim would be seen by more people
The decision of the marketplace in this instance clearly doesn't matter to policy see in the lawmakers enabling its witch hunt but they should be wary of another marketplace decision in November which they'll be unable to ignore
What a great column by Tom Jekyll, let's hear it!
I spawned little Tommy!
Wow!
Was that great or what?
I didn't know he added in him
Man!
He just mustered all of his energy in his little bald-headed body and just wrote a phenomenal column
That should be posted on every ador in America
Shall Eric put it on site?
It's on there
Okay
I think it better be, I'm sure it is
Hey, I'm way ahead of you guys, man
It was on there last night
28 past 10 at 560 WQM if you're thinking to buy a new car or truck if you want to save yourself a lot of cash and who in there right mine doesn't
Then you really ought to do the right thing by visiting Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
You'll find them on US 120 minutes south of the 836
And Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you live because they're going to save you thousands and thousands on great new Toyota's
Check out these unbeatable grade presses waiting for you right now
And 04 Corolla loaded including here they own for just 12, 990
And 04 can be with their automatic and lots more just 16, 990
Need a truck?
How about an 04 Toyota Tundra?
The safest truck in the country from just 14, 990
And when you buy your new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead you get a free sun pass
This was the very first dealer when the entire south boat airyed off your free tires and batteries for life
General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a brand new Toyota two day
So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference their locally owned locally operated they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction too
And their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done and done right
Easy to get there no matter where you are there at US 1 and 2.90
Thirds feet in Homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836
So if you're fed up with the mega dealers who over promise and always seem to under deliver
Here's what you ought to do called David Rich the GM
At Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead Column of 305 242 3247
That's 305 242 3247 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota
My, my, and local
This is for Toyota by City
You ain't way, yeah
The world's the least of all satisfaction
The world's the least of all the work of justice
The world's the least of the happiest in the state
Right, we nuts want to protect us from ourselves
You gotta watch what you say you better or else
You're the best, you're the best
The world's the least of all the work of justice
Every cat feel what I say and I think me
I can say this one, three, three
You are a vitality in the power of your own
You are a precious value to give up your best
The best of the day is the person we're in bigger
We will kill you as a name of Jesus
You will live as we say, not as we do
The best of the days is the most efficient item
The worst of days is the most efficient item
The worst of the days is the most efficient item
The worst of days is the most efficient item
The worst of days is the most efficient item
So here's the fact from Michelle who says she's a loyal female
Listen, thanks Michelle
She says yesterday, a channel for it to report
on the whole queer channel
pulling Howard Stern from Florida Radio thing
They said that although the shock shock have been silenced on FM
the AM side of the dial was in an uproar
They show a radio with one of those digital dials on 560
Then we hear you saying we have the word police etc
They let your rank go on for a bit but they never once stayed
Who the person was speaking
It sounded really crackly as if they just flipped your channel
He'll the microphone to it and then replayed on TV
Wow and I thought channel sixuck but they took the cake with this one
It says you get no respect at the damn shame
I can only hope the thumper don't silence your voice
No chance to that Michelle because we get it
That's the difference we get it
And it's just not worth it
And as far as getting no respect
I do get a lot of respect twice a month in an envelope
Trust me when I tell you sweetheart
That's all I care about
Now when we get to this
This is like I said this will put some people I think over the age
So this is like at least NC17 this next story
I think it ought to be triple X rated myself
All right
Reuters Summit FCC's Martin Ponders in Dicency on pay TV and radio
This is so far and above and beyond
Now that other strap and read every day about cable maybe next
That was like just a little speculation
Here's a little more meat to it okay
Can we say that?
No
No
Can't say meat
First of all result
Look at the votes
277
279
And about less than 20 minutes
What do you make of that?
I'll tell you what I make of it
They're psychotic
They're foaming it them out
They're pissed off and fired up
And you know something just like that constitutional amendment to Bush might just proposing
As if anybody we'd eek here
This is going to blow up right in their face
Because once you start you know we got on the one hand here's Ascroft
We got that story later on about the abortions and he's demanding these records and names and all of this other garbage
These are Nazis man
These are absolute Nazis who have taken over this country
I've been trying to tell you that for three years plus
Oh no Neal, you're getting them as carried away now
You liberal bastard, right?
293 votes
What's your reaction to clear channels dropping out how it's turned fascism is alive and well in America
154
I'm foaming it them out
42 rabbit just like that William Donahue guy
I'm angry I want Stern on QAM Monday morning 37
This is the last straw I'm finished with the right wing 30
How many?
About 30 man
I don't care I'm not a Stern listener 20
And it's about time get the filth off the year only 10 out of nearly 300 votes only 10
See and of course that other category with your Stern listener not that's not the point that's not the issue at all
Because it was Howard this week and Bubba loves Bunger earlier in a week and next week it could be me and the week after that
It could be as somebody else you like all the way can't imagine it could be the mad dog
He might say a complete with these boobies one time too many or whatever it is he says but don't say it
Now here's this story strap yourselves in okay you're strapped in strapped in nauseating puke inducing
Yep
US regulators should consider whether radio and television services carried by cable and satellite must adhere to
Indecency standards FCC commissioner Kevin Martin said I wanted to let me interrupt myself do you know what this is like?
What is this like this would be like if they rated Hollywood video or one of those stories tomorrow that isn't blockbuster that doesn't censor the movies
And show you like a Mary Martin Peter Pan kind of a versions of whatever movie you're watching right like Hill build part two
Um, this is insanity. This is madness. You're paying for a service
They haven't got any business even knowing what you're watching much less censoring it. There's no difference than if they were doing this with books
Right
Well, that's next and don't forget they want to go to the library and see what folks you've been checking out later
True to keep watching on the internet there too
They want to take the books out of the library too because they might you know contain language right
Pressures been building in recent of course don't forget about the Ken star report with Bubba and those BJs
Okay, and the love sponge you know so I just had to use the it
You can say the ink spots but not the love spots mister I said sponge
You said spots okay anyone had to get out spots with a sponge you shouted out
Pressures been building in recent months to address the growing courseness on television and radio with some law
See first of all I don't know what that is the growing courseness I mean even Bob and Tom see I was thinking about this yesterday too
Bob and Tom who are two of the funniest guys up there in Indianapolis syndicated all over the place unfortunately not in data brow bit in Palm Beach
Bob and Tom do a great show they like this show they love this show we've been playing her bits for years
We get the copies of their best of CDs they're funny guys yeah they they're a little bit racy now and then but they do it so tastefully
That's so obviously just you know it's a joke right you know they don't come anywhere near what a normal person
We're considered the line and yet well they've had a pull way back I had that story yesterday had a pull way back
That I could go anywhere near the line because everybody's peeing in their pants
So what everybody has to be treated like a little child now that's what it boils down to in America
Why because your government's decided the bureaucratic Nazis have decided the word police have decided anyway
Pressures been building in recent months to address the growing courseness on radio and television
With some lawmakers and regulators pondering whether the limits that over the broadcast can be applied to cable and satellite services
Speaking to the Reuters technology median telecommunications summit
Martin noted that shock jocks opian Anthony fired after a stunt involving sex and famous places were now on satellite radio
I think you're hearing from the radio side the complaint that will live by whatever rules but we think the rules have to be fair to everyone who's in this medium
And you're hearing from the broadcast television side as well he said I think that's a legitimate issue
Which is why I think we need to take a closer look on a wider survey martin said
Satellite radio and TV providers are licensed by the FCC which could potentially hold them accountable he said
But he can see that that companies like serious satellite radio ink could argue that since consumers pay for their product
They would not have to comply
FCC officials have said court decisions are given cable and satellite companies free speech protections much like newspapers thank the Lord
Not to mention the internet yet
Congress so far has authorized the FCC to go after over the broadcasts since they will license the licenses to use the public airwaves
But lawmakers have questioned whether the agency should also be looking at channels higher on the dial
Whatever the hell that means
There is
Satellite radio
cable TV
And of course next you know it's the internet
Suppose over in Anthony wanted to do this show online which I and I put yesterday I really believe this that's the way of the future that's where it's at
Because but you'll see that'll be the next project once they finish up with cable and satellite TV and radio
Then the next thing will be oh well we have to crack down on the internet and they make exceptions
I mean kitty porn which I agree with them that should be illegal and should be traced and those people should be prosecuted
But nevertheless I mean that's just the opening they were they were looking for they wanted more than that if you recall
They wanted to attack all adult sites on the internet well what now that businesses at them
These are the same people who keep talking these hypocritical right-wing assholes the same people who keep talking about keeping big brother
Out of your bedroom and out of your house and out of your life we don't want big government all this other crap and they're the worst defenders and hypocrites
All those Democrats with their big government right I
Brother have big government that like takes fewer people and doesn't threaten us to cut our social security benefits
I'd rather have a government like that that uses our tax dollars to like protect the environment so the earth doesn't like a fall apart in 20 or 30 years
That's just liberalizing right more of those liberal freaking lies man
Hey
That's right
Like it will guide if your need be as to the swish in your side smoke
A good soap and ride around in your bed you've got a radio show you just for the check
Happy anniversary to me
The only thing in this town that's real
That's amazing
Joe
você
Near a rarger, always let you know your day.
Near a rarger, is turned by and got into a bear.
Near a rarger, is the only thing I'll miss when I go.
I went away for a weekend to start a town far to close.
Near a rarger, always let you know your day.
Oh, oh, oh, at 47 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
28 years of enduring South Florida.
It's a really miracle.
Although enduring it from far away is even a lot better.
Yes.
A hell of a lot better. Trust me when I tell you.
Sonny Shinin's going to be 40 today, man.
About 40.
Now this memo that you just sent me that was passed on to Westby.
Obviously somebody inside Clear Channel in South Florida.
Was this yesterday or today?
Do we know?
I just got it today.
It says excerpts from a Clear Channel internal memo.
So it might have been yesterday.
I know a lot of you have questions slash concerns regarding Howard Stern.
There will be a meeting today at 4 p.m. in the warehouse to discuss everything.
We will have pizza and beverages.
Cheap channel management signs this.
How do you like that?
They have it a big meet or it was 4 o'clock yesterday.
We'll have to find out.
We'll find out.
We'll get the inside story.
The scoop.
Now here's a great column by Matt Bivens.
Very short.
The daily outrage in the nation online.
Compassionate George.
And he's not talking about you either.
George with a G.
G says when the economy sours we traditionally gin up some extra aid for the unemployed.
That's just smart economics.
It keeps people who want to work but can't afloat.
Just long enough to find work when the economy revives.
Otherwise they sink beyond help and end up being far more costly to society.
But this year the Bushes have decided to turn off that federal aid's
spigot even before the jobs pictures improved.
Hella might eat into some of the money set aside for more deserving people.
So what do we have?
According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities some 760,000 jobless workers
so far this year have exhausted all unemployment benefits.
In fact data from Bush's own Labor Department shows that 350,000 individuals
exhausted all benefits in January.
The largest amount to do so in a single month ever since record started
being kept 33 years ago.
All of which has economist and sensible people arguing for reinstatement of temporary unemployment aid.
If only to help the children of three quarters of a million American families.
The Bush administration responds a bold new stance on gay marriages.
Nice going Matt.
In the nation.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
In fact maybe we'll even get if the meeting was yesterday of a cheap channel.
Maybe some of our insiders over there might pass along some information.
You know, kids might drift.
Maybe.
Always happens.
WDQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I took tell me I'm a pharmacist.
I just got laid off and I need to talk to home.
You're speaking to him.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I'm still struggling.
Sorry to hear that.
Just bought a brand new car three days later they fired me.
Oh, beauty.
Oh man.
What's going on Neil?
What is happening here?
Thank you President Bush.
Yeah.
83 billion for the war in Iraq and look what's happening to Americans.
You got it.
Not to mention the tax cuts for the rich.
I'll never be rich so I don't have to worry about that.
There you go.
Okay good luck pal.
I'm hanging here.
Hang in there till November man.
Thank you.
Okay.
Wow that's sad.
A pharmacist gets laid off.
Yeah.
Maybe Rush can subsidize him for a few months till we get rid of this
Huntum man till we get rid of these Nazis in November.
Bye bye W.
Like I said there's only two jobs that this crowd is going to create in November.
There's going to be an opening for President and Vice President and they're going to fill them.
Trust me.
Make no mistake about it.
As weak need is the Democrats are.
Believe you me I bet like I said yesterday.
Real serious problems.
Where are the Democrats when it comes to freedom of speech?
Anybody here in my side of that debate talking about that?
No.
No you bet they didn't.
As the idiots they're asking the questions Ron Brownstein and our good friend Larry King.
And by the way Larry got booed by the audience.
Good.
One point I forget.
I figured what the idiotic comment that he made to a carrier.
I think the audience was like I thought they were going to come up and lynch his ass.
They're snapping his suspenders.
Just pathetic.
But you know it's have to spend at least 10 minutes and more on a game marriages again and trying to put everybody's feet to the fire.
And of course Edward and Kiri don't have the balls.
Online co-cinets and Sharpen.
They don't have the balls to come out and say well you know we're for it.
Now while we're against the defense of marriage act but but it'll be but it will put them on also the crap.
But it's the best we got.
It's all we can do.
It's all we can come on the best alternative we've got.
433 votes George.
Yeah.
We'll over half an hour.
I think this might be a record.
We might have a record breaking day here today ladies and gentlemen because the public is pissed off and fired up.
And like I said they woke us sleeping giant with this Howard Stern crap.
And I'm going to tell you something.
It would have been in more than just the six if infinity gets pressured and Carmison has to actually dump out all together.
Or if Howard gets disgusted and walks out because of all this which I wouldn't blame him.
He's got millions of millions.
He doesn't need to crap.
Then you're going to see in New York and in LA and in Chicago and in major markets in the country.
Then you're going to see some screaming and trying to carry on.
Right.
Here is the most listened to personality in South Florida radio and I have no problem saying that.
Number one.
And of course the FCC says well rating is don't mean anything because nothing means anything to them.
That doesn't establish that there are a gittians of people out there who enjoy and are not offended by his program.
But if one or two wackos out there want to start sending letters making a big sim as well.
He did this and he did that and can you imagine you do this on Tuesday and all of a sudden bull crap.
If you don't like it turn it off there is nobody who ever died.
Because they listen to the Howard Stern show there's nobody whose child ever went out and raped somebody because they listen to five or ten minutes of the Howard Stern show or an hour of it or ten hours.
Oh you don't know that.
Yeah I do know.
I'll bet your life on it.
I'll bet your life on it and I'll throw a Michael Powell too for good measure.
433 votes what's your reaction to Care Channel dumping Howard.
Fanshism is alive and well in America 226 and you people are absolutely correct.
Folks I'm angry I want Stern on QM Monday morning 69 people say that I'm not making up that number just to be a smart ass 69.
I'm filming at them all 58 they're filming they're rabid.
The Gillette foamy is on the corners of their push.
This is the last straw I'm finished with the right wing 37.
I don't care I'm not a Stern listener 35 you should care.
And it's about time get the filth off the year only 13 out of 442 votes 2.9%.
Get the filth off the year get it off now I feel unclean.
Yeah right then listen to some lovely Mozart.
Just like those people with the classical music those idiots that were screaming and they're carrying out about TMI when they took out the classical music because they couldn't make any money with it over their cocks broadcasting and they lie through their teeth.
You know go you got a CD player if you don't have one go steal one.
Go steal some great CDs man that music sounds so great on CD can you imagine Chopin and Bach and Brahms and Beethoven and Mozart and Handel and whom I leave it out list.
Franz list.
As a matter of fact I was I was going through my CDs just the other day and I was looking and looking and looking and I thought to myself.
Where is he going yet?
Yeah took me while to get there but I got it.
Oh God I think it's enough to make you lose your mind because what it is.
While the country is sitting back and while these morons like Wolf Blitzkrieg are sitting on there and that broad they had on yesterday afternoon.
She really pissed me off.
Pretty into the show remember that one Bimbat that they have on CNN I don't know what her name is.
She was asked it was about the Howard stuff.
She was asking the most idiotic she had the two talk show people on there you know the right and the left and all the other contrived bull crap.
I don't care where you come even rush even the anxious right wing pill pop and rush was pissed off and fired up yesterday and foaming at the mouth.
Because anybody who's in his business can't possibly be out to any even a while they had on yesterday on MSNBC and I'm sorry that I saw the right wing lunatic Michael Savage was on there.
And he was decrying the idea says well they've got dump buttons they've got to you know there's no reason in the world that anybody should be censored on a radio.
And he's right and so is everybody else who says that.
And so this business about get the thrill of the area why why are you listening to it?
See there are some people as you and I know very very well there's some people who want to be offended right that's right they listen they wonder their massacres they want to inflict it upon themselves.
Oh this is disgusting I feel unclean they go to great late change the dog one more on WQM hello.
QAM I know that there I can smell it QAM not there WQM hello.
May I say happy anniversary for a while.
Thank you.
Secondly I just want to say about our guys that are dying in Iraq yes I have two boys they're eight and eleven and I'm not raising them to die for someone's political agenda.
For the grinder.
Yeah this is George what's going on?
Oh this is George and me.
Oh hey how are you.
I also just wanted to say to I have been unemployed since no back on my phone.
Oh boy but I instead of living beyond my means put money away and the new work myself financially to be able to survive there.
Good.
So you know it can be done it can be done even for the Bushmeister right.
Well hang in there till I'll be in the year that's the best I can tell you.
All right now I'm going to Canada.
Good luck sweetheart I'll see you right at the right at the Ontario side.
Bye.
Hang in there.
Let's see join George tomorrow we got some stuff coming up now join George tomorrow eleven of one of Bill Sattles Boulevard of Savings at the Sammichagai going to be there George.
See Northwest 36th Street just west of 27th Avenue Miami.
I always suggest get there early before the entire staff eats all the sandwiches from Atlantic City.
So free food and we got our usual crappy a low budget QN prizes to that's eleven of one of Bill Sattles Boulevard of Savings with George Northwest 36th Street just west of 27th Avenue Miami.
And then three to five tomorrow afternoon stop by at the singular wireless located at 63 eleven North Andrews seven in Cyprus Creek stop by there to win tickets to the Beatles classical mystery tour happening at my
New Park this Sunday other prizes who's going to be there at that one do we know at what that will be me I think that'll be Josh is going to be there.
And me and I hear that George Harrison and John Leonard going to be there too.
We're sports radio.
You a. M.
Thanks to the notion in the basket.
She was just seventeen.
She was almost seventeen.
She was six days and a half.
She was like a chill.
Something in your hair.
Just you.
Listen to that.
You should try by God of secrets.
Go to your personal eyes and smells.
Don't come closer.
When I get old I'll be with you.
But it goes from now.
I do.
This is pizza.
Just see the way we go to be.
I still.
George just grabbed me and said.
I want to.
I want to.
Who could that be on the bad line hello.
I'd be on the road straight.
I knew it was Jeff Cohen on a bad line.
I thought you were coming with food today.
I'm on the way and I was running a couple minutes late so I wanted to make sure I called.
Jeff Cohen from the world famous pizza lot scouring for another plug on here.
And we're always delighted to oblige because he's bringing Josh and George freelance today.
And more.
How are things?
How are everything going good now?
Everything's awesome.
It's so busy.
I have openings for cooks.
So if there's any cooks out there looking for work I'm going to help the job situation.
I've heard you've got some openings but under the present time I won't talk about them in detail.
Okay.
I probably need a good idea.
Yeah.
In fact when you come in a studio from now on no more of those you know all we're going to talk about is business.
No more monkey business.
Just business.
Peaches and calzones and things like that.
No more of that filth and disgusting a cramp.
You know I couldn't agree with you more because I don't want to get thrown off the air.
Right and we don't want to lose our licenses to study some more pizzas.
Right.
There you go.
I thought you were going to say.
You're very exciting another anniversary for you.
See the rumors lately?
No you know he's been traveling a lot.
You know with the team he's been traveling with the team a lot.
Teams in town right now I got the big capital's game at the macarena tonight so it wouldn't be surprised if rumors might pop in for a nice lunch today.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll bet you will.
Okay well.
How long have you been on the show about the 20 years?
Something like that.
We've been open 27 and I was on open a few years and we started the other.
Pizza lot for the longest standing sponsors on this show.
Let's see.
Pompato Park also.
A great concept about 400 years.
Chuck Alphieri.
Well there's some people been advertising on this show for a long long time.
In fact I remember that I didn't even know who you were when you used to stop there and pick up pizzas.
How's the stop where?
I had the original pizza loft in my hand.
I did?
Well how was that?
I had games on your way home.
Oh that's right.
That's how it all started.
By the way Darryl don't let the word out but you know Jigs and McDonald's gonna retire.
I'm gonna be doing the a panther play by play on radio in the two years.
Very cool.
Don't let the word out though.
Gelly give her a set.
Alright yep we won't tell anybody.
Well get that food in there Jeff and thanks for calling.
10 minutes away happy anniversary again.
Take care.
Thanks bye bye.
Jeff Cohen of the pizza loft in Davie on university drive between Griffith and 595 and the pizza loft plans to be on Pier 1 imports.
There's a free plug and why not?
Why not?
He's a great guy.
He's been with us a long time through thick and thin, through his mistaken plantation.
I mean...
Well look at...
I tried to tell him but you know how it is you can't tell anybody nothing.
They have to make their own mistakes right?
Right.
56670560.
I'll tell you Michael Mayo has got a great column.
Tom Jic and oh and you were right I did forget to put that on the website but Eric being...
He is as sharp as a piece of broken glass these days.
I don't know what got into him.
Stained glass at that.
That's right.
And he got that on the right away so it's the lead story on our website today.
Neoronjars.com along course with the lovely picture of Christina Ricci with her hanging out.
Hey Ernie you don't even have to say the word they know the word yes?
Right.
When I go to my Yahoo it's right there all updated.
Yeah.
Now how do we explain that to people?
Because I'm you know how technically oriented I am.
I can actually get these things done which I'm...
Eric I'm so excited I came big and tell you I'm ready to pee in my pants.
Because we have this new feature on here where people can put...
Neoronjars.com on near my Yahoo is their daily page.
What are their daily pages?
They can add in as a module.
Right.
And they get all the stories on there, all the headlines and then if they like...
Yeah it sounds interesting they can click them on or read the whole story and then they can link right over to our website
and look at those... they could picture... I mean look at those great stories.
Vote on our poll.
It's a fabulous thing.
Nice going Eric.
God.
It's amazing.
It seems like we're turning in the corner just at the time when other people are getting beaten into the ground.
We're still turning the corner.
Now of course we got a ways to go just like Al Pacino incentive a woman.
He was turning the corner but not chirping off.
Chris O'Donnell was okay in that movie kept taking his pants off.
558 is not interesting that's one of the few things I remember about that movie.
Because the rest of it was so forgettable.
Makes perfect sense.
558 votes.
What's your reaction to Clear Channel Drop in the Howard Stern Show in Florida and five other Clear Channel markets?
Fascism is alive and well in America.
203.
I'm angry I want Stern on QA Monday.
93.
We'll have Howard.
Absolutely.
I'm falling at the mouth 76.
I don't care.
I'm not a Stern listener 47.
This is the last draw I'm finished with the right wing 42.
And it's about time get the filth off the year only 17 out of 558 votes 3%.
3%.
I want to tell you the other 97% what they can and can't listen to.
Tragic.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Is Neil Schell?
It's Neil yes.
Speaking.
This is Neil.
I had a-
Yes it is.
Jeff Rumors citing last night.
Yes?
Yes.
Have a dinner in the cold springs with Bobby or-
Oh my God with Bobby or-
Yes.
Oh my God.
I'm sure I'll be hearing about that.
Yes he was in the last night with Bobby or-
And uh-
Jeff's wife.
And who's wife?
Oh, Jeff's wife, sure.
Yes.
I wonder who picked up the check.
Um.
You're gonna get it.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Number four.
Bobby or picked up the check.
I'm sure that.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Of course.
Well he's got a few bucks even though we got screwed out of most of his money by his agent
by that crook.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Live.
I'm surprised Rumor hasn't called him yet to say happy anniversary, happy number 28.
Happy Ty DoMe, number 28.
Don't mention anything about the Leafs plays the run my day.
Boy I told you they're in a coma man.
They are really-
And the people here again in total denial.
Oh well they've got such a great record of head such a great year.
Come down Joe.
It's brutal.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you so much.
Um.
Instead of only the people that complain or the ones that are heard.
The majority of people I don't think were offended.
And I'm 37 years old and I have never voted.
I'm not going to register to vote.
Oh right.
It's just up tired of it.
And my vote is for the first one there on the poll.
Fascism is alive in well in America.
That's it.
And you are-
Absolutely correct sir.
Good luck pal.
You don't forget back to your four times just to make sure they can at least one.
Okay.
All right.
No, sir.
That's the motto.
You know, I think I think I got all those 90 year olds at the polling places.
They haven't got no idea which side is up and which side is down.
I haven't got a clue.
So go in there a few different times.
You know, put on like a phony mustache that grouches your thing with the nose and the mustache.
Yeah.
In fact that's what we ought to start doing is peddling fake IDs to get even into bush mice during Catherine Harrison.
Jeb bush, the anxious fat ass governor.
What they have to do it.
Oh brother, I'm going to tell you.
You know who else really pisses me off speaking of fat asses that Dennis has to it.
This again, and you put all these pieces together right now and not enough people are screaming about this.
Screaming.
I got in my pile here.
Hashtard from and who are they kidding on the one hand of bush mice to says, oh well we agree with the two month deadline for the 9-11 inquiry.
But Dennis has here to course who's the house majority leader says, oh he's against the not going to permit it.
Now do you really believe that the house majority, especially a put's like Danny has to it.
You really think that he's just doing his own bidding and just ignoring the president of course not.
So they're having it both ways.
They're saying, oh no, the president agrees he wants to give the a two month extension.
But Danny has here, it has hardened his opposition to extending the deadline for the independent commission studying the 9-11 attacks.
Even as the panel's leaders pleaded yesterday for more time to complete their work, there shouldn't be any deadline.
If we really want to get to the bottom and get to the truth, the truth for the American public and for the victims of 9-11 and their families and relatives.
Then there shouldn't be, how can there be a deadline?
It's like saying, well we're going to have a deadline for the investigation of the assassination of president Kennedy.
How can you do that?
They're still investigating, at least the individuals are.
Hashtard and Anxious Fat Illinois Republican, told Republican lawmakers the meeting yesterday he would not bring up any legislation to grant the commission extra time said spokesman John Ferey.
Hashtard rejected a personal plea from the White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card on Extension Monday.
It's right, Andy Card. Oh sure, the president said, hey Andy, go in and tell him to do this. Get the cheeseburgers to White right, Andy.
He still doesn't feel the commission needs any extra time and should complete its report as soon as possible, Ferey said.
Adding that a later deadline also would make the commission a political issue during the presidential campaign.
Well if they have nothing to hide, if they didn't do anything wrong, then what's the problem?
In other words, they fear the truth.
They fear that the public could find out that the Bush moisture screwed up and condolese and all the rest of these Nazis and that the Neocons already had this in the works anyway.
The Iraqi business and that they were busy sleeping at the switch with all the warnings they had about 9-11.
They were too busy working on other stuff like the oil pipelines who are Afghanistan with their friends, the Taliban.
Don't forget about that.
Well I want to tell you, what a compendium of crap you could put together right now.
It's only the end of the beginning of March in a couple of days. Only March.
But what a compendium of insanity you could put together of damning garbage against these bunch of Nazis.
From this story here to the Halliburton scandals which now it's a criminal investigation to the brutal censorship that's going on,
to the kids that are dying in Iraq based on a bunch of lies, the constitutional amendment based on hate, and on and on and on.
And of course, starting with the election that was stolen from the public right in broad daylight. And we're better to do it then, of course, in Florida.
Hey, Harry Harry, Harry Potter Harry, Harry Potter Harry Potter, Harry Potter, I must find, I must find one.
Tonight must find a cure for tonight.
Hey, Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry, Harry, and if my kids are like light.
So, I'm the first one to think, so that I know who I am.
So that I can catch the spring, I spent six hours in the night.
Hey, Harry Potter Harry Potter, I'll just wait till it's in vapor back then.
Hey, Harry Harry, Harry Potter Harry, Harry Potter Harry, Harry Potter Harry Potter.
Hey, Harry Potter Harry, Harry Potter Harry Harry, Harry Potter Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
The solution is that it continues, it's just going to get worse and worse.
Good luck to you, Joy.
All right, thank you.
Good hearing from you.
Let the old Joy, remember, little Joy?
Long time.
And is very lovely wife?
Indeed.
720 votes in an hour and a quarter.
720, are you counting those?
One at a time.
What's your reaction to clear channels decision-dropping Howard Stern show?
Fascism is alive in well in America, 374.52%.
The radio police, the pot police, the word police, the J-walking police, the pleasure police.
So anyway, the game marriage police, yes?
Judge, this is security fraud charges against Martha Stewart.
Oh, well, how come that's not on CNN yet?
I had this.
So you was considering dispatching Marines to a Haiti.
2,000 plus some Marines would sit on their ships off the coast of Haiti.
And this, have you seen has it?
MSNBC has it.
Well, let's flip right over there.
Thank God the coast is clear and the bow deeply now there no more.
I've heard the evidence.
I've heard your case.
I've heard your witnesses.
And you know what?
I'm just not convinced that there was any evidence of security fraud such that I can
even send it to a jury.
Well, good.
Judge, this Mrs. Security fraud charges against Martha Stewart.
She's not everything is A.O.K. and that's good news because not that I really give her
crap about her or her pewterware or whatever she's peddling.
But, you know, we got bigger fish to fry.
In other media, we won't be able to waste so much time with cockarrier like Scott and
Lacey Peterson and Martha Stewart and all these things.
Maybe get down to brass tax, but I doubt it.
Anyways, I was saying 720 votes.
Fascism is alive.
A well in America, 379 just changed against 731.
I'm angry.
I want Stern on QA Monday, 125 or power.
I'm filming at the mouth, 93.
I don't care.
I'm not a Stern.
Listen to 63.
Like I said, you should care.
You don't get it.
This is the last drop finished with the right wing, 52.
That's 7%.
And it's about time.
Get the filth off the air 19 only 2.5% out of 731 votes, 2.5% or 2 stupid of reachover
and change the dial.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
I am telling you, if Bush gets reelected this next election, I will jump on a raft and head
back to Cuba.
There you go.
In fact, things might be a lot freer there.
Yeah, absolutely.
And also, you know, I've noticed the Spanish stations, they get away with a whole lot more
than the English.
We know.
They say whatever they want.
They swear.
They curse.
They liable to explain their people right.
So I think I can say that.
OK, great.
I said 7.
Yeah, you can say it.
Just don't say it on either.
OK, yeah, you can say it.
Oh, man.
In fact, I think we may be getting the memo this weekend.
Be careful what you say about CD2.
I am CDX ROOZ and I am dead now.
But that remember when the...
I will listen to the live voice.
I will listen to the live voice.
See the cruise, Michael Powell and Condoleez.
I think they're all morphed into one person.
You can see what that person looks like now on the Arranger's.com, by the way.
Not a pretty sight.
Oh, come on.
Let's say here's one says not to insinuate perversion and cover up, but those German
sunbaters were lying on South Beach at 15th Street.
15th Street has been recognized as a new top of speed since the new hotel and shop
construction at the North End of Ocean Drive in the last two years.
There's a lot of rubber necking going on there.
You don't think maybe the cup is looking east while driving south, do you?
Oh, no way.
Not in Florida.
By the way, cover those grotesque loins up.
Frank Serbino, who is this?
Gender tally tips voters blank slates.
What does this mean?
I better read this before.
What is this all about?
What?
It's a stupid thing.
Thanks, but it's stupid.
I don't have time for stupid stuff.
It's in Palm Beach, you know?
One of those Palm Beach post articles by somebody who thinks he's a writer with them.
We had those two great columns today by Tom Jica and Michael Holdomeo.
Nice going, Mike.
And by the way, don't see any of them go Asian movies anymore to write your brains out.
Walter Cronkite.
This isn't written by some rabid railing wildlife liberal.
This is written by the well-respected Walter Cronkite, and that's the way it is.
The most Christian of virtues.
He says, the forthcoming presidential election will be decided on several issues of profound
importance to the nation's future.
It's unfortunate that the debates about them will be confounded by a religious issue that
doesn't belong on the political agenda.
The issue is same-sex marriage.
A majority of our people identify themselves as Christian, and many of the faithful believe
that they have a mission to pass on the Word of God to those who don't believe with the
same fervor as themselves.
Their faith is admirable.
Indeed, this might be a better world if we all obeyed our religious lessons with similar
devotion.
But that, of course, is not the case.
And the zealots who follow the leadership of the so-called religious right are threatening
us with religious war, fought on the battleground of the presidential election.
The zealots are determined to make a political issue of their conviction that same-sex marriages
are so immoral as to threaten the well-being of the nation if not civilization itself.
The more fanatical among them even claim that same-sex marriages would encourage homosexuality
to the degree that the nation's birth rate would be endangered.
They also fear that children adopted by same-sex couples would choose to follow the lifestyle
of their adoptive parents, and this perpetuate even exacerbate what they see as the problem
of homosexuality.
Whatever the likelihood of its more drastic fears coming to pass, or even if it's successfully
in successfully legislating moral behavior, the conservative Christian right is entitled
to its beliefs and to its determined pursuit to criminalize same-sex marriage.
Our constitutional guarantees freedom of speech, press and religion, after all.
Well, that was until the other day, by the way, Walter, freedom of speech part.
He says there are many of us Christians who we call our Sunday school teachers and later
our ministers dwelling upon these sympathy and respect, indeed, the tolerance for others
that they taught was basic to our Christian religion.
As the prophet Isaiah summed up this need for tolerance, come, let us reason together.
I thought that's what the name said in Godfather 3.
You like Walter?
I thought we could reason together.
Oh, zap him off.
The I-Walter.
You're done.
We've got to call these.
Anyway, Walter Cronkites says, we who believe this are compelled to ask, where is the tolerance?
Where is the Christian spirit and the effort to criminalize the personal choices of our
fellow citizens, personal choices that do not physically threaten others?
Where is the Christian tolerance in the conceit of those Christian leaders who dare suggest
that they alone can be trusted to properly interpret the lessons of their Bible and who
would impose that belief on this nation's highly diverse peoples by threatening to throw
them in jail if they don't agree with the Christian rights version of God's wishes?
Besides wishing to criminalize individual behavior, the more radical members of the Christian
right would like their proposed federal law to dictate what individual churches could
do in regard to recognizing or performing same-sex marriages.
This is another abomination.
Shouldn't that decision be made by the individual church or denomination?
What possible excuses therefor government intervention in this decision except an unreasonable,
un-Christian intolerance for freedom of worship?
Where is the Christian tolerance in those right-wing Christian leaders who would impose their
religious beliefs on the entire diverse population of the United States even to the extent
of a constitutional amendment curtailing our rights of religious freedom?
As the conservative Christian leaders, leadership presses this matter which they depict as
a moral issue, they threaten a religious war that will split our nation at a time when unity
would be helpful in attacking far more critical problems, our foreign policy, the economy,
education, medical care, and the environment just to name a few.
In the difficult days ahead, the tolerant among us, Republican democratic independent Christian
Muslim Jewish or non-believer, are going to have to try to preach another morality and
that is the morality of tolerance rights, water, crime, and that's the way it is.
I will tolerate that.
Oh, 20 till noon at 5.60 Q&A.
And my dog's off today, we got the booster, that's with a G, say very clearly, we like
Bougalat, B-O-O-G, as in God, at 2.007.
My, and local, this is 4.00560, Q&A.
Did the seal, let's get right to the things that, in the most talked about of recent data,
and that's crisis you have had a financial problem.
You know Larry, I, I'm not making so much money these days.
We are told that you have, you're part of the financial problem.
Oh, definitely, yes.
And I think that, well, I, I sort of have an inside track, you know what I mean?
Oh, that's really, why?
The distortion of the truth, somewhere in the vicinity of $700 billion.
Did you know it was that much?
No, I'd be, $700 billion.
Billion, yes.
You're kidding.
Hyming is everything, you know what they say?
Yeah, bitch.
Shame on you.
Mod the Stuart fraud.
That's true.
She's falling apart.
Bankruptcy actually.
On this edition of Larry King Live.
Don't go over it.
16 till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
The Diocese of Yakima Washington said the news released that a survey compiled by the
John J. Collins of criminal justice found 4,392 of the 109,694 clergy who served over that
five decade period faced allegations of abuse.
The review board had a news conference this morning scheduled to discuss the John J.
Report in a companion study that examines the causes of abuse troubles.
A source who has read both documents told the AP on condition of course of anonymity that the causes report places much of the, what is that?
That the causes report places much of the blame on bishops.
Whatever that means.
It says there are moral acts that he created in the atmosphere that allowed the abuse problem to fester.
Remember fester?
Local.
He got done.
Diocese nationwide received 10,666 of use claims since 1950 according to the study of those claims by approximately 6,700 were substantiated.
About 3,300 more were not investigated because the accused clergymen were dead.
Another thousand is so claims proved to be unsubstantiated.
The National Report also tell the abuse related cost at?
533.4 million dollars.
That's only so far because we've got all these other suits pending.
Over a half of a million dollars people are starving.
People are out of work.
Children are living on the streets.
And your church, the Catholic Church, these Getskis have already paid 533.5 million dollars and that's only the tip of the iceberg that they've only just begun as the old song girl says.
The Crosse's report acknowledges that some bishops recognize the gravity of the problem early on and spend years lobbying the Vatican to change church law so they can move faster against the abusers.
It also said the bishops were sometimes ill served by the therapists and lawyers they sought out for guidance.
Still there have been widespread reports of bishops who sheltered abusers and the Meeview Board used harsh language to criticize churchmen who failed to act.
It said these bishops were guilty of neglect and incents the tibetit toward victims that allowed the smoke of Satan to enter the church.
The smoke of Satan, you ready for that?
I wonder if it was that effeminate Satan that had the thing hanging out of his nose in the Passion of the Christ.
A booger? A booger? Well whatever.
I wonder if you better like your not even come close just back away. When in doubt leave it out.
Just walk away. Right, when in doubt, air it out. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
28 years to the end of the year in Miami it's a pretty exciting day for me to phone just dead as a door and ill.
Well that's where it goes because I've been ramming a lot here we're doing a lot of reading. That's okay. Do I apologize for that? No.
No, because we got some excellent stuff here today. You got stuff? We got some good stuff. WQA, hello.
Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Good. Listen, I can't figure this whole homosexual.
The homosexuals want to get married to each other, right? And? Well I mean, heterosexuals, they get married and 50% of the time they get divorced.
So maybe that's the gate people with chance also. Right. It's okay.
Just to see what a bad mistake it is, right? I mean I don't get it. I'm done with that.
I don't understand. Well, you don't get it. Seriously, it's all about the rights that people have, the rights to visit their partner in the hospital,
the rights to social security benefits when they get there. There's a zillion different things that from a legal standpoint, that's what they want.
But if somebody, if some right-wing Christian wants to go out and get married four times, that's okay.
Right. If you get divorced three times. Well, if some slut like Liz Taylor wants to get married 85 times, that's okay.
That's all right. And if a child abuser Catholic priest wants to do what's to marry them for the fourth time, that's okay too. Right. That's correct.
All right. I still don't understand that.
We straighten out. Okay. Good. Think about it this weekend. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's nothing anybody should care about or worry about.
Anymore than who's sleeping with whom as long as there's no children involved and nobody's been molested or abused.
That's it. There's nothing else that's anybody's business. And nobody's business.
And like that article just said, I read by Cronkite, all these supposedly good Christians, mind your own frickin business.
Have you want to live a coin to whatever furitails you believe in? Fine.
But when you start believing in those part of the furitails that excuse you to persecute other people and discriminate against other people and trying to change the laws of the land based on your neonatho mentality, that's where everybody else has to step in and say, this is where we draw the line.
And the answer is no. No. Thank you.
Which is why it's so ludicrous that of course the TV networks he put not here is Jerry Falwell and James Dobson and all these other right wing.
You know exactly what they're going to say the same old hate, the same old scriptures though the Bible says, fine take the Bible and wipe your ass with it.
Okay. We don't care the rest of us. Not interested.
Just like that fact I read yesterday from the idiot Jared and Miami Beach of Oh, what gaze out to kiss the ground.
The other reason grateful they made such great strides more than any place else. Right.
Man talk about a Neanderthal talk about somebody who lives with probably with a never been off the beach.
Probably his life is so narrow. It probably lives with a 10 black radius and don't bring radius into it.
WQA. Hello.
Feel. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Happy anniversary. Thank you.
Hey, I want to ask you about a couple of things. Do you know why they picked Miami for the whole stern thing? Well, not just Miami, but one of the cities was Miami.
No, because it's clear channel. See, I mean, how it's on like 700. I think it's seven or is it 170? I don't know what the number is. A tremendous number of stations, but clear channel owns 1200 stations, but only six of them carried the stern show.
And one of them just with your bad luck happened to be big in Miami. So the other ones were Rochester and Louisville and Pittsburgh, San Diego and someplace else. Right Orlando. Did you hear what Bush did yesterday about something about some Cuban visas?
So people could go to Cuba and. What you thought on that was so when people could go to Cuba. Yeah, like they don't need a visa or something like that. I didn't hear that. I thought they were making it tougher.
I heard that you signed some kind of something that now you don't need a visa to go to Cuba. No way. I'll check the story, but because I read it, but I don't think that was the crux of it. No, I think they're making it harder. They're cracking down.
Hey, did you see that? We T H X old movie? No, yes. Robert, the vault. George saw Robert, do you want to see it? Is it good?
It's like what America's turning into. Really? Yeah, check it out. Okay, I'm Mel Render right here in Canada. Thanks a lot, Pally. Everybody see around it. It's a 1984's kind of a thing.
Oh, that couldn't be coming true. Could it?
Like I said, you ought to watch network. Patty Tatskis Network and you ought to watch so this movie, whatever was T H X in 1984, George or Wells. Right. All of these things.
This year's a sure sounds familiar. This year rings a bell and when Howard Beel is standing there, writing and raping about the Saudi deal must stop now. Wow. The Saudis.
And they go sound writing and raping about how they own this and they own half of the country and all this other stuff. It's pretty amazing considering that was like how many years ago.
About three. Yeah, 72 74 something like that. W Q a and hello. Hello, this. Yeah, sir. Hi, Neil, how's it going? Pretty good. Hey, the guy that just called us a moron. Why would Bush want to make it easier for people to go to Cuba? It's actually trying to make it harder for for people to do business and Cuba. Right. Cracking down, cranking down those the sanctions. That's right. Yeah, that's what he was doing. Hey, Neil, how to question.
But I will say this if you come to Canada so you can hop on a plane there, Canada will be more happy to fly it anywhere in Cuba. You want to go. No problems at all. That's true. Yeah, I'd love to go to Cuba. I heard that. Some of their pretty hot. There you go. Anyway, that had a question for you, Neil. You think that President Bush in order to win the election has a summer bin Laden hidden somewhere and then right towards the end is going to pop out and say, Hey, I just found a summer bin Laden. I think I'm going to have him pop out of a wedding cake. Yeah.
Maybe it a gay wedding. And the other thing I want to say is that, you know, I think I'm a Christian. You know, I found my belief and whatnot. But I think it's totally unfair that as a Christian that we try to impose our thoughts and, you know, force people to do other things that they really don't want.
Seems pretty simple, doesn't it? Seems very simple. If you read the Bible, you know, it tells you, you know, preach the word, but it doesn't say, hold the source to someone's neck and make them.
No, it doesn't say make them offer they can't refuse. That's a different movie. So whatever, Neil, just wanted to say those things and hope you have a great one. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, it doesn't say make them an offer they can't refuse.
Like I said, that is a movie we like. I want to make them an offer. It can't be good. And then of course there's always. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Greene. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Nice glasses, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm wrong. That name, Mo seems to be like a little bit unlucky. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? No, however, did all right. No, how are you, David? No, the other way. 5 6 7, he was always banging guys in a head with that whatever was 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We have record breaking possibilities here today. This is shocking. What's that really shocking?
Like my good friend Ricky Tiki would say it's just shock radio. Not anymore, Rick. See how I turned him around boy. He loves this show now. I wouldn't surprise that if he's trying to call and get in Rick Shaw.
Remember on my last anniversary, not only did he call, there was that on my birthday. He sent me those CDs with all the CBS special, right? What a great guy even when that's still musty cap. He knows what a brutal business this is. Over 40 years, Rick Shaw has been playing that old crap in South Florida.
Keep it going, Rick. 820 votes and it's not even noon yet, man. It's not even noon yet. What's your reaction to clear channels dropping a Howard Stern in those six markets, including Florida?
Maybe clear channel, other ones who put the duh in Florida. You think they should help with their crap with their syndicated crap.
And the one show that people are syndicated that they wanted to hear. I'll know you can't hear that.
If you want to hear right wing propaganda around the clock, that's okay. But if you want to hear an entertaining show, a show for people that are not a queue over the age of five with a sense of humor, you can't hear that.
No. Fascism is alive in well in America, 433, 52.8% of that. There's that cover-up artist that built the worship, what's his name? Bishop Wilton Gregory or Billton Wilton, what is that?
A full-listened bishop. Yeah, good. Screw him. I'm angry. I want Stern on QA Monday, 139. I'm foaming at the mouth, 109. I don't care. I'm not a Stern Lister 67. This is the last job finished with the right wing. 7% 58 votes on that. This put him over the edge. And it's about time. Get the filth off the ear. Only 20 people 2.4% who just ain't got no idea how to change their diet.
And look. This is 480-560. It's a new AM.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on QA M.
I want a full investigation. The children...
That's the foul about a gal that'll keep you back
He don't want you to ever let me see that
All they do are the things called the same crap
And I'm qualified as foil with this crap
Got the gig as a kid from his old man
That you tell you where to hear this hint
That the goose got caught on ground with the crushing
It blows their eyes and plays a Yushki
Save us all from new and cheap
That's gay, who can you think we?
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that
And maybe find him to be found in that he showed that
He has a mind that will find him for that
Violent and pure but he's sent some facts
He's a grandcracker, built and alone now
Let's do the job that he got from his death
We got him all in this dead CC
Now you know what your children see in New D&T
That's your home, where's my privilege?
Leave your home mess up, don't bother me with this
I don't want my baby shit, don't care
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that
He didn't like when he thought when he's dead
Honored and brilliant with a feminine fact-man
It was a legend from a boom in that fact
I'm just gonna say that likes to grandstand
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that
Michael Powell won a nowhere to move that
Well, it's travel 1, you can look on theorages.com
And you can see the lovely Christina Ricci
Although not so lovely in that picture
She's boring. What? She's slouching
Ooh, Lynn Faxes and Says Happy Anniversary
I have a small request and we have a naked man day
Please add, all boobs all week is boring
Well I think most of our audience probably
doesn't agree with that Lynn but I suggested that
You know me, right? I know you
But who's gonna find those pictures? You
I'm not gonna be here, I'm going on vacation
I don't hope you find them
I'm listening
Yeah, he might look for them
Some naked pictures
Come on, Mo
I'm listening
From the locker room
Well, whatever, I'm sure you can work on it
You can find something very tasteful
We can find that old red picture with his penis
Or something like that
And by we, Lynn, me, Lynn, you can all sit in and whip up to a friend's house
I'll work on it, so to speak
Mario Faxes and Says kind of a long facts here
This morning it's his happy anniversary made him more
Thanks, Mario
This morning I went to work out no choice but to turn on the Moe show
I forgot to load any CDs in the car
FM radio blows and I was tired of singing to myself
At the fear of falling asleep at the wheel I turned on the morning show
And had the displeasure of hearing the Moe-Mister
Touched, can we say that on the subject of Howard Stern?
In his glorious and inexperienced opinion the Moe-Mister said
This topic will die by Monday because people just don't care
What a Moe-Ron
Wow
Has this man lost all touch with reality?
Is he so disconnected from the world that anything other than feedler and the doffens is not important?
Does this idiot favor realize that this is not a Howard Stern issue?
Is it a freedom of broadcasting and speech issue?
That this goes far and beyond what Stern said that it will affect every broadcaster in America including himself
If the fascist aren't stopped?
And believe me I've heard him use plenty of language once he started on this station
He started picking up on what everybody else was doing
I've heard him use plenty of language that he ain't going to be using no Moe
If he catch my drift
So it's like, yeah, again, it's not a Howard Stern issue like I keep trying to say
No Moe
No Moe
No Moe
Go forget Stern in Monday morning
Howard will be on on QM
Yeah, Moe?
Yes, he will
It says I think we all know the answer to all those questions Moe-Ron with a capital M
Furthermore, in discussing the possibility of Stern joining QM the Moe-Ron is to say
that what management should do is recognize the challenge that has on the air and stop worrying about Stern
And Gellie had to add of course management wants to maintain QM a sports station
God help us
Oh yeah, Gellie wants to maintain a sports station
That's the only reason you're squeaky ass is on the air
Give those scores and talk about T.F.E.
And Kismos ass
Who are you, kiddin' Gellie?
Maintain this as sports station
That's the Greg Rees, your Clarence Dero Mafia, the sports nerds
That Clarence Dero's got the hoods but are coming near the other morning and say to me
Well, just as kind of a joke, might you do a sports show just for one day and do a sports show
In response to all these other things that are going on
Right, it'll be a cold day in hell man
It'll be a day when you grow a big pair of Clarence when I do a sports show
The last thing we need on this radio station
But all the respect to my close personal friend, the mad dog
I get that word at you yesterday, we're foaming at the mouth about this Stern thing
People are madder than hell
And you know, when I sit here and listen for a couple of minutes before I go to lunch
And what's the very first thing they're talking about?
Give you one guess, you know the name
Dolphins
Not willing specific
J. Feetler
J. Feetler, you got it
And I didn't even listen
Oh, and I just said to myself, are you kidding me?
And I slammed this thing down and I just ran out of here to lose my, I mean eat my lunch
Good, golly
WQA, hello
Meal
Yes sir
I just, I, please indulge in that, have to comment on what happened yesterday with Howard Stern
Go ahead
Unfortunately, I think the public doesn't realize that we went back 20 years in time
50 years old time
Well, I'm thinking of 1984 thanks to George Orwell Boy and his band of Nazi
Right
I was listening to the chairman of tax communications testify yesterday
Yeah
And this lunatech makes the statement that is the responsibility of the broadcasters
and the FCC to protect and preserve the quality of the airways which are after all owned by the public
Right
Well, if I own the airways, why can't I listen to what I want to listen to?
Shut up, was this buddy bud Paxton by any chance himself?
Yes, that was justifying?
Yes
Oh my goodness, what a phony and a hypocrite
Oh, I believe you can lick it the guy who sees a phony
And then they have some talking head whose some associate deputy director of the FCC
who goes to a head to quote that in 2001 they had roughly 16,000 complaints
2002 the number was like 34
2003 it was a big number, it was approaching a hundred and mischievous expected somewhere
between a four of a million and 300,000
Yeah
So if I got half a brain in me and I think I do
the last sentence said we were getting pretty close to a 300 million number in this country
Right, that's right
So the complainers represent right now less than one ten thousand of the percent of the population
Right
But the tail's going to wag the dog and I'm going to lose my first amendment right
That is correct
Scary country I got to find it at the border my friend
Okay, Poundy, I look for you, we'll keep the search light on for you
Thank you
Good luck
Squeeze that passport, I'm telling you, you people think I'm joking
You thought I was joking too when I told you about the fascist government and the fascist FCC
And how you were going to lose freedom of speech, freedom of choice
And how the right wing religionists are going to take over the whole damn country
They already stole it
They've already stolen it with all the hysteria about the passion of the Christ
And all this other bull crab Mel Gibson looking to make 25 or 30 million
3rd man
Bucks
With spewing hate and fantasy
It's all fantasy
There is no historical recorded record of any of the stuff in that movie
Except in the most general sense, he just made it up
Oh, but it was so realistic and it told me the story
I told you whatever story he wanted to tell you what he made up
Of course like the historians have said to people in that they didn't have long here like this Jesus
They spoke Greek, not ero-matic
But don't confuse Mel Gibson with the facts
Because he's a genius
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8
Look at this, Martha still faces two counts of lying to investigate
So she's not off their call together
There's Kendall's coffee
They're not going to have the kind of discussion in the courtroom
I think I Kendall coffees got something else to talk about beside Ali on these days
Isn't that good and the breath of her here?
I mean things for the legal professor really turned around
Now we got Ellis Rubin defending all kinds of gay marriage people
Oh wow, wow, wow
Who?
Man
Next norm can't be out there trying to get the death penalty for smoking pot
The way it went, comes it like turning upside down
WDQA and hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
How's it going bro?
All right
Happy anniversary man
Thank you
Hey bro, I'm so pissed off today with these political thugs
I think these guys should be forced to read 1984 and Fahrenheit 451
Until their eyes leading
Exactly, with toothpicks
Exactly man
You know what finally I have one more thing to say we're both pilgrims and an unholy land man
Hello, good ones
Okay
Right there you go
We're pilgrims in an unholy land
It's unclean, it's unclean
Get the leeches
How about Brian leech?
I'm like Brian leech is just over the hill
Washed up at a young age
Brian leech of the Rangers
Oh
Rangers by the way pounded the islanders last night 6'3 with their new coach
They're pissed off and fired up
So that's good news for the Panthers
I just mentioned that in passing and speaking of the Panthers I noticed somebody
Hasn't called us a happy 20th anniversary yet
Probably having a couple of free lunches at the Apizal often Davy
If it's free it's me
What's your reaction to fear channels decision to dump the Howard Stern show?
That's our poll question in response
Is unbelievable so more you're an idiot if you really think by Monday people forget about this
This is the most popular show in the market
It's one of the two or three most listened two shows in America
And this schmuck that we got on his F. Mara broadcaster is my little dog used to say
He's a broadcaster like tiny was a broadcaster
He's making comments about how by Monday they'll forget about it
And your dreams baby and your wildest dream sounds like swishful thinking of me
You bush league jerk you
869 votes in less than an hour
Because we've been less than two hours
Fascism is alive and well in America
459 almost 53% are finally sniffing the adapetals man
And they have that anxious putrid smell of rotting flesh
I'm angry I want Stern on QA Monday is in Monday morning at 6
146 say that
16.8%
That's that he thought it was a great idea by the way
Oh I should have said that
I'm foaming at the mouth 111
I don't care I'm not a Stern listener 70
8% don't care they're oblivious they don't understand the greater picture here
This is the last draw I'm finished with the right weight
61 7%
And it's about time get the filth off the year only a mere 22
2.5% on nearly 900 votes 22
And then they've got to be somebody vote for it because we put it up there
So probably half of those aren't even serious anyway
Just to kind of like bust our chops a little bit
I mean what does that bust our balls but that's not it
I mean that's not the FCC we just don't want to get down to Shalely all then out of shape
Because there's nothing worse than having your Shalely all then out of shape
Oops see there you go again it's got a crooked anyway it's an Irish thing
10% they know that 560 WQM
Compatopark is hosting its videos not erasing the season tomorrow night
It's Ola Capri night at the track headlined by the 160,000
Final of the Ola Capri Pacing series
But that's not the only action on the track as tomorrow's program also has
The $75,000 MacLobel Trotting Series Final
And the $50,000 Red Bite and Red Boat High invitation lots exactly what I said
And the first 4,000 fans at the track tomorrow starting at 6 p.m.
Look at their free aisle paste t-shirt
There'll be free vacation drawings for trips to the Ola Capri Cousinos both in
Bouloxie, Mississippi and our Lou Kay on Gran Bahama Island
A free family fun nightlife music to tomorrow night
Tonight there'll be a money machine that the track fans can enter for free wins to chance
And to chance to grab a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers throughout the night tonight
Just a half mile from both 95 of the turn
Pike it's easy to get to Pompatopark you'll have a great time
Maybe you can get lucky and win some macaque
Pompatopark features free admission, free general parking every day
Live harness racing in the Polk Room are open tonight and of course every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday at Pompatopark
Polkerstars at noon goes on till midnight
Live racing gets underway nightly at 705 including two night at Pompatopark
For more information call 972-2000 or check them out at www.pompatopark.com
Where Donald Brainerd is gone
Mind that local office is 560-2000
The radio's on yours now
The U.N.
Good morning, sir. Should I say good afternoon now?
Oh, and look at this. I just got a fact from Chris in New York who's pissed off that I just made a comment about Brian Leach
Right. It says screw you, Neil. Brian Leach is better than anyone on your Panthers that Toronto make believes
See, anyhow, he only wishes
I guess he's flexing his muscle because the Rangers finally won a game last night against the islanders
Right, Leach might be on his way before the trading deadline which is less than two weeks away now March
But I'm going to Toronto while you're into that
Well, Toronto's still trying to get gone, sir
Yeah
And they still and they still suck
And the capitol's happened to be here tonight
And I just got to my old broadcast partner from Washington, Craig Rockland
You gotta put some plastic in the basket
Was he powering his knob when you were talking to him?
Wayne Gretzky likes the powder is knob
Yeah, that's what I heard
Anyway, happy anniversary
Thanks, Rimmer and I already took about six tries to get to know how do you pronounce that coolnix first name, please?
Uri
Uri
No, not Maya, Uri
No, Uri coolnix
In a pig's eye, Uri, see? Because I don't know how to, because nobody knows who these guys. He's a hell of a player
I tell you, he's turned into a real hockey player
Matt Cullen, all of a sudden, is certainly leading that line
I tell you, those two guys, click really hard
Don't get too hockey intensive now, Rimmer, because I need to maintain the audience here, okay?
This is because we got Chris in New York, those hockey hits, he was from New York
Keep going, Maya
I'm really proud of you, the other night the leaks were there and yet I'll tell you, right?
LaLongo is still, you still had the right idea in talking about what a great goal tender you're doing
He is, he's the best in the world today
There's nobody could come close to him night after night, not just every now and then, like, I mean, it's really amazing
And by the way, this crap up here, I'm so sick and tired
Well, Eddie Belford is coming back tonight, his back is finally okay, and then you turn the game on and there's that Dan Tulkfist, not ready for prime time yet
Or even worse Trevor Kidd a couple weeks ago who really sucks, couldn't stop a bowling ball
It's pretty depressing
Toronto's a little concerned about the future with that
That's right
I'll tell you right now, and you know it as well as I do
If it weren't for that 17 game hot streak that they had earlier in the season
If it weren't for that they'd be struggling just to make the playoffs now as you watched out Tampa, tied him into standings last night when I win
They're dropping through that conference like a rock
But what about the Panthers with LaLongo every night he gives them a chance to win
They still got a shot, I mean, the armlers looked like they're ready for a swoon, so I think they still got a shot
And then I'll tell you one other thing I was thinking about it this morning if Weiss and Horton wouldn't have got injured
They'd be in the playoffs right now, they didn't have a lot of pressure
I don't know if it's going to be a good match, but I don't know if it's going to be a good match
I don't know if it's going to be a good match, but I don't know if it's going to be a good match
I don't know if it's going to be a good match, but I don't know if it's going to be a good match
I don't know if it's going to be a good match, but I don't know if it's going to be a good match
I don't know if it's going to be a good match, but I don't know if it's going to be a good match
I don't know if it's going to be a good match, but I don't know if it's going to be a good match
I don't know if it's going to be a good match, but I don't know if it's going to be a good match
I bought dinner
Do you bought dinner? I bought dinner
Do we believe him?
I can't find the article I had about Jigs McDonnell
We're going to have a look at how he's retarded and printed out
Jigs is going to be retarded after this season unless they have a short and year last year
and they're going to have a new or radio guy for the Panthers
and Geldie wants it really bad and the Yani Yaniya, what's the inside story on that rumor?
Michael, your mark was on your radio station this morning saying that Geldie is a serious candidate
Something along those lines
Yeah
You think so?
You shoot these cars
Let's talk about the Panthers
Let's end the call remember he's trying to stick on hockey
I just want to say one thing
You were a big part of it in 1996
No credit for it at all even from your friend Doug McLean got no credit
I devoted the entire show I sacrificed my show for about two months to hockey into the Panthers
and all I got up there on stage and we're all kissing each other's ass
I didn't even get a mention of even a smack in the head
No you got credit from Doug McLean
You didn't get enough credit from the community though
All I want to say is with the Panthers recent play and the play of Rubo Lungo
we're legitimately using MVP candidates not only for the Panthers but in the league
I'm throwing you right now it's been the most excitement here in Florida for hockey since 1996
What are you talking about since the Todd Elbury-Ray Whitney days?
Are you off here rocker when we had a great record-breaking season?
No that was great but I'm just talking about the excitement again of the Panthers talking playoff
I heard it's still two for month at the Panthers games is what I'm hearing
Well I'm telling you they're selling tickets and people are excited about the Panthers
Here's the story finally from the Harold
Panthers pregame radio host Steve Goldstein said he'd be interested if the team and QM
had him to take the job Craig Winterfini also says he's interested
Well if you're living in Florida and to Brad Jostler to play hockey games
let me tell you the list is going to be long
A lot of people
Well I think Chris Pittsburgh will be folding up before they have another hockey season
so I think Mike Lang will come down and do the radio
Well there you go, there you go
Well listen say goodbye rumour
I'd say happy anniversary now and if you remember there was one new anniversary
that we had came into your studio and back when you were at WIOD
we had Larry King call in
Yeah sure do
Yeah I remember that
That's your good buddy Larry give me a big kiss on the answer for me next time you see him
Good luck you rumour
See you say goodbye
Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
It's Friday you bastards
Oh what's the problem officer?
Deploy from the vehicle
But watch that's what it's saying
If you're God driving without a seatbelt
you will be removed from your car and shot
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2
The new laws in effect now
So click it or be shot
Officers don't like doing this
They are only following orders
It's for your own protection and the never ending fight against terrorism
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise
Perpings
And fighting
Could be annoying to others
So under Patriot Act 2
Eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot
It's the law
We like saying that
The law
The law
The law
The law
It's 1221 at 560 WQM
Maybe this is that call
Who's back? Larry
Oh hey can I hear him now Larry
I'm here
Oh there you go I can almost hear you now
I'm going to move around the plane
Yeah well don't move too much
I don't understand how astronauts
are dead from the moon
And I can't go from the plane
Yeah sounds like the plane landed
Anyway when they were still looking out over the rocky
You're still in the air?
I'm in the air
How about the plane
Let's question him
Now you didn't really say
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life with an WOVD
You didn't really say that did you?
I can't believe that station except for your neal
I know what I do
He loved me I knew it
I love your edges
This is a live-it-a-general manager
Bob Green if I Bob
He also said Bob is still wiping the tears from his eyes
from the last conversation
We said we got Larry King on the phone
He's in the other room right now weeping
Seriously he is
I'm going with Bob Smith
And about four or five years he's not old enough yet
How about going to his brisk that would be even better
With the Kanye astronaut does a thousand voices right?
Yeah I feel hungry
He doesn't he's ashamed of his own
Huh?
Are you sure?
Yeah he's ashamed of his own voice that's right
He does other voice
Neal how do you account for twenty years
How do I feel?
I feel like Mathusla on a bad day
That's how I feel
I feel like I just sat down with you cola cats in time at WKAT
And started my first day
And I went to the first national bank on Alton Road
And she said
You feel rich now neal for 215 bucks a week
That's how I feel
Incredible
What was your first break?
Listen to this live-it-a-slam
I'm going to Miami Beach Florida
I was idea I'm idea I'm idea I'm idea I'm idea I'm idea I'm idea I'm idea I'm idea I did the board I did Jock
I did sports I did news I did everything
Cleaned up cleaned up cleaned up I did everything
Is that true?
Yeah when you play those tapes
Yeah obviously it's funny a second you have it repeated
Yeah
Why do you do that over and over?
For emphasis we want to make sure they do
Why do you do something new?
Our audience is a little bit slow we want to make sure they catch it the 40 or 50th time
It's 15 years ago
Exactly
So I sat up 10 with
Okay top 10 that's good dealt start ripping off David Letterman that would be good that's a result
Listen there's a guy here that wants to talk to you you're going to pee in your pants right there on the plane when you hear this voice
How are you Larry?
Larry
I said Larry how are you?
Who is that?
How should they forget?
Who is that?
You're hockey friend
You?
Swimmer
It's the Grim Rimmer
What are you doing at a studio?
I came to see my good friend Neil Rogers
You're the guy he likes
And not all that much either Larry don't get carried away
I knew he likes someone he likes you a lot of us
Hey can't beat it join it
We've gotten a last minute to tie you ever
I know I thought you'd be here last night
How is it how is it capitals fan?
How is it capitals fan?
We all of a sudden we they got lucky and got a point now it's we nice going Larry
I'm on a recaption of the caps Rimmer will tell you
Yeah he is on a very captain
Yeah you and I Craig Barubi you make a good pair
I'm gonna come down in two weeks with spring training
And I'm coming to the larger studio
All right I'll pick you up and break that's a deal
I'm inviting you right now anytime you come in here
I'm coming you lay your show coming up here where I feed it
From the Villa deli on on Walden Road on a beach will bring you the best deli of had since that the crazy place you keep plugging on the air
And it'll be a real it'll be a picnic
I'll be out of this right now
Thanks Larry
Don't drop pat too hard
By the way did he ever show up too excited?
No just another lie to Larry tell us but it was kind of fun
I forgot the bird was actually on that luckily here he didn't say too much
Iron him
So that had to be a long time ago let's see six and a half and seven and eight my 15 years ago huh?
What that call? Yeah eight years ago
No because the bird were are you crazy the bird was only with me for a few months at IOD
That was in the beginning we were the day's anniversary party that I got yelled at for helping Cheryl to contrive
Well what that was the bird doing there?
He was there for your anniversary party
Also in other words he wasn't still on the show at that point
Correct he was there
And actually came back we shipped him in special
Holy moly that's almost disinversing that time we did the weeks worth of shows from Tampa and he kept showing up every day
No I don't think anything got more verky than that
Oh that was amazing he just kept showing up
Listen big great Glenn it's been really a lot of fun you know rekindling the old deal here and next morning there he was again
But he won't be back no more unfortunately because he's his cackel lived on but the bird is dead
I don't think we're still dead bird
Oh watch yourself get a little carried away and it's all rumors fault but that rumor he's sure a showstopper you know I mean yeah
26 past known at 560 WQM if you're starving and you want to break from the kitchen let somebody else do the cook and let Emerald coast do it book
Because they cook up a storm
Start out your mouth writing eating oh I shouldn't have done that should I
That's alright start out your mouth writing eating experience with six different soups and then sample dozens of delicious entrees
Like New York strip me to order their sizzling Asian grill the brand new seafood saying Jacques which is out of this world
They got your oysters on a half shell a lask and stone crab middle neck clams jumbo shrimp scampy every night it is still have room
It's sans us
Careful I'm doing this just to get even with you sample the hand card primary with the new Thai specialties too
And of course no my bestie no cornstarch no crap at the Emerald coast they cook only with cluster all for yours too to make sure you walk out with a big smile on your
Puss and not an MSG headache the buffet features a full salad bar sushi bar fresh room cocktail and Emerald coast even has a full dessert bar for your real pigs out there featuring Belgian
Maffles pies cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh food to the perfect ending to a perfect meal
Three Emerald coast locations for you there's sunrise pineapple to 44th Street there on Collins Avenue just north to 163rd north by me beach
And at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads and prestigious Pembroke pies so take the whole family
The gods and my spa or book your next business lunch and right now and let our good friends Richard and the gang do the cooking for you at the Emerald coast
Take out and deliver you available to call 954 5723822 954 5723822 for the unbeatable world famous Emerald coast Chinese buffet
We're supporting you 560 you am
Okay
Spreading like crazy
Oh my god spreading their charms
Soon they'll be buried
And eaten by worms
Absolutely
People don't come together
People they stay apart
Nothing can stop it now
Because we are all scared of SARS
Don't go to Asia
Don't go to Hong Kong
Stay clear of Toronto
If you want to live long
People don't live forever
People must all depart
But no one wants it to happen now
That's why we are scared of SARS
People don't come together
People they stay apart
Nothing can stop it now
1232 at 560 WDQ AM
I think we can get back on track now okay
Remember how he says that tendency to throw us a little bit off
Just a little bit off
Remember the spokesman I guess he is now
He sounds like he was the salesman for the organization there would I call it any
I'm sorry what the spokesman
965 votes on the poll though and it's only 1230
I think we just make it might make a thousand
I think we will
Now if we don't make a thousand I'm going to go on vacation next week
Although it's your start
What's your reaction to clear channels decision to drop the Howard Stern show
Fascism is alive and well in America
562.4%
I'm angry I want Stern on QA Monday
They damn it 167
They are pissed off and fired up and foaming it to mouth
They want to say damn it
I don't care I'm not a Stern listener 74
This is the last drop finished with the right wing 69
7.1% it's about time get that built off the year 25
2.5% it's interesting that percentage has been the same like right from the get go right
Right 2.5%
Oh I can't turn the dial I can't I'm just fixated with it but so disgusting
It's just take it away
WQM hello
Not there QM hello
Hola
Buenos Parades
Not there 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a gate TNT
And Verizon Marvel Slime
Thanks a lot Biber WQM hello
Yes good afternoon Neil
Yes sir
Yes congratulations happy anniversary
Thanks
And I just want to ask you if you caught an article in yesterday's US today
Regarding a gentleman who was elected president of Smith and Western Firearms
We have that on our website he went to jail
Oh yeah he's like something I have to
He went to jail as they did in times and they had a reason when they found out that he's a jailbird for
For all these armed weapons
Every here we said like the reason why I didn't mention is nobody asked me
The like it's not so terrible
Right he had a record longer than your arm
Yes there is incredible I mean you think that
You know any company before they would you know nominate somebody for their presidency would at least look at you know
Whether or not he they have a record
How did they do that?
He'd be perfect for their company and a lot of experience
That's really something but
Yeah I think it's interesting that what happened with how it's turned on
You know the thing that amazed me you think that if he was in more markets for clear channel
That they would have you know dropped them
Yes I think the pressure was that great
Yeah I mean even if he was in say like half their markets I mean that's a lot of advertising
What would he have to turn down and they would
I know but this about what can I tell you when the when the man when
Hogan was they put the his feet to the fire they had no choice and so they made him the scapegoat
No that's something I mean I just kind of thought maybe they let him go because you know he wasn't in a great material
And don't forget they got that $755,000 fine and tamper that they're still they're protesting it they're appealing it
But they're already in deep crap and plus the fixed contest and all the other stuff
You know that's true too
All right let's just hope come November you know we'll make some changes in the White House and hopefully it'll trickle down
That are up to the country
Yeah let's create two new jobs for a start
Okay we'll have a great day
Thanks
$567.0560, $560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
I mean you think it was a coincidence that Bubba Loves Funds got a can on Monday
And that Stern got the inked off cleared channel of two days later now you're just one of those conspiracy
You're right
Just a cynic that's right because I know what a bunch of grave robbers they are and how they've how much damage they've already done to our industry
Where the help of course from the commission the government
Oh why don't I let him buy up every radio station and we can have Glenn Beck and Russian Todd Schmitt and Schmitt whatever his name is
We have them on every and maybe even a few with Dr. Laura on every station in America
Oh rush all day what do you say
WQA and hello
Meal
Yes sir
BFCC is about to neo-Nazi
Amen
And Jewish Gaylord's Rule
Okay
$567.0560
What is it?
You're not going to argue with that?
Of course not
$560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Don't forget to join George tomorrow, 11 of them on Bill Siles, Boulevard of Savings
He'll be the sandwiched guy
Northwest 36th Street just west of 27th in my 27th half stop by to win our happy beverages
You have what beverages that we can't say the name of anymore?
My daughter
Oh
Oh that's going to be great
Are you guys going to have some of those?
Yes I'm going to have some inside her
And they have the new sugar free out now
Sugar free inside her?
Great
Can't say that no more sir, we can't play that bit no more
I'm telling you as I go through this DCS
I might as well just throw it out the window
Yeah
I mean almost everything I'm coming across now it's like oh can't play that
And now that we realize just how psychotic they are just how serious they are
Just with just looking for an excuse
It would be like if he had a cop behind you every time he got in your car
And there was a cop behind you right on your tail with his radar gun
And every single time he wanted to go anywhere just to the store to work
He's on your tail with his radar gun and if he went one mile over the speed limit
That would be at 50 bucks, 75 bucks and of course they would keep increasing
And then you lose your license in about a week
That's what they're waiting for
Won't find it here, no way
WDQM, hello
Hey Neal, my condolences for 28 years
Thank you
How are you?
I wanted to tell you I thought you might get a laugh wrap in your brain around this one
I work in the adult website industry
And there are so many people I know in this industry who voted for Bush in 2000
How can that be?
Well let me tell you, because I asked them that in 2000 I said how can you vote for this stooge
And they said all while Democrats like to stick their nose and everything
Republicans believe in personal freedom
But you know what the real reason was?
They said if we vote Al Gore in, Tipper will censor us out of business
Yeah
Well Al Gore ain't running this year and neither is due Lieberman so maybe we've got a shot
Yeah but you know what some of them are saying they'll vote for Bush again
Because they'll be saying what?
Democrats will take away our guns
Hey I always find John Kerry has got all kinds of guns
Well in any way you know what we vote Bush back in and when the GOP shuts down the adult businesses
He ain't going to have money to buy a gun anyway
Just last week at a week before they started there
They're going to be starting a whole new crackdown on the entire industry
They're doing everything in their power to put all those people out of business
Praise the Lord
Yeah, hallelujah
Yeah, hey have a good vacation I'll wave to you from Ambassador Bridge
Thanks a lot Pally
Alright, bye
567, how do you like that?
Right when you're, I don't understand it
I'm going to tell you right now if there's one gay person, if there's one woman, if there's one black person, if there's one unemployed person, if there's one person in the industry
If there's one person who enjoys freedom of speech, any of those people who have for Bush again, good luck to you
It's all I can tell you, don't forget anyone who works for a living
Right, the only people who ought to be voting for him are the right wing fanatical religionist and the ultra rich
That's it, the multi-multi-millionaires and the religious nuts and some of whom are the same
And nobody else
So how many of those people are there?
About third man
It's all mine and you all
This is sports when you're by six
You way up
Erica loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking
What's the matter, Bob?
You have people wreck the rich
Oh yeah, you know the kind of drives you crazy, you scrunch around in your chair and you wait till no one's looking so you can raise you
Hey, what you need is preparation age
Here, try some
Ah, if it's all the same to you, I'll take it home and try it
Oh, hi, Bob, hey, I always just out shopping for douche, here, take some home to fill in
And how about a few condoms, Bob? I just bought a gross
Oh, wow
Ladies and gentlemen, this station apologizes for the use of the word condom in this advertisement
We strongly object to the mention of this disgusting repulsive term over the airwaves
We now return to our hemorrhoid and douche ad
Mmm, remarks?
Yeah, that's settled, do we have any of that stuff for swollen, oozy athletes, free?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
This is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, talk show host, hemorrhoid sufferer
Folks, at over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help
With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent supositories
Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhoidal tissue
Just look for my picture on the box of supositories and the applicator tube
Another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network
And wait till you see those supositories on our website at neorudges.com
It's a frightening thing, it's a little scary
The applicator tube, and I know what he can do with it too
Charles and dear, oh, and you know what?
What?
Before I get into Charles Fax, Mark Morgan actually stopped in the studio before the show this morning
And I had never actually encountered Mark Morgan in the flesh to speak to him
And he's the same spaz off the air that he's kind of like Vermel
Well, he's still working for, I'll probably won't be too long
But Mark Morgan talks just like that and he wasn't putting it on either, was he?
Did you get the picture?
Of what?
Mark Morgan
Is it on my email?
I sent one to UN Eric, yeah
I don't think so, I better check it out on the next break
And you know who did not show his face today, especially on my 20th anniversary in a market
It was old number 23, Troy Stratford's playing, he's hiding again, he's playing hard to get
Isn't he?
Even little, even the umpteenth little Skippy came in and said, hey, happy anniversary in here
I thought it said, is this guilty?
No, that's Skippy
Same person
Well, that's gonna be great if guilty does the Panther games, won't that be good?
Hey, here comes the Christ of Blue Line
Ooh, somebody knocked him down
Charles and dear field beat says, 71 years ago, Germany's parliament building, the Rachstag caught on fire
And eventually worked the Nazis blamed the communists and used as a pretext to suspend all civil liberties
I guess a good idea is still a good idea no matter who thought of it first
Not to take anything away from here, Bush, I mean President Bush in his very band of patriots
But I believe it's important to give credit where credit is due
Which reminds me, speaking of suspending civil liberties, that treats that James Wolsey made several months ago
Maybe it would now, it's like a year or two ago right after 9-11
Now, why was just a few months ago, as I read it here on the year about if we have another terrorist attack on America
That means that we'll have to give up all these civil liberties that we've enjoyed all these years
And we'll have a different kind of society
What do you mean by that? I wonder
I just mentioned that
560-7-0560
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
WQM, hello
How you doing, sir? How you doing, man? Happy other Russian?
Thank you
That's 28 years in this hell, huh?
Exactly
Yeah, amen, I have a question
Yes
And where are the bright young Americans ready to step up and fight this country?
Where are they?
Yeah, everybody's got them all picking their head nose, scratching their heads, getting out of credit cards
The boyfriends nose, right? Okay, scratch one for us, Pellie
He's got a scratch and sniff
560-7-0560 pound
60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Yeah, how come you guys, George and Josh, how come you're not out there, saving America from fascism right now?
I am, man
Are you? I don't want to say how though
I'm doing the best I can by long distance, thankfully
Right
WQM, hello
Hey, Uncle Neil
Yes, sir
How's it going?
All right
Hey, got a couple things
Yes, sir
In honor of Black History Month, can I hear Kiss and African American, good morning?
I will work on that, I like that
Also, congratulations on 20, big 2o
Keep it up, you need to
28, 28
28, wait, there's only been 20 of that, that are okay
Okay
Hey, keep it up though, no reason to change now no matter what Mr. Hogan says
Okay, is that the driver or the guy at the FCC?
On Hulk
Thanks a lot, Pellie
Hey, why don't I leave last night?
They suck
That's right
So Panthers
Yeah, at least do suck, that's just the Panther game, but I mean last night in Tampa and they kept getting down my two goals
They gave it a little bit of a shot, they kept coming back, but they lost 4-3
Pat Quinn measured the stick there, would less than a minute to go
That's right, it's an overs eye stick, they get a penalty, they do any good?
No
No
They just, they're falling apart and the people here are like in total denial, all these so-called experts, the talking heads, wow, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean everybody goes through this
ARI
I know my leaks believe you me, folk
New York Village mayor to Mary Gay Couples, you ready for that?
I'm ready
The 26-year-old mayor of a progressive college village in the Hudson Valley says he'll begin performing gay marriages today calling it his moral obligation
New Pulse mayor Jason West to one office last year on the Green Party line said he intense to Mary at least four same sex couples at a private bed and breakfast
So I guess it's, well, I don't know whether they were in bed or had breakfast or what they ate, but we don't want to cancel it on the air
No
The move could make this village 75 miles north of New York City and other flashpoint in the national debate over gay marriage
We are a society and we as a society have no right to discriminate a marriage anymore than we have the right to discriminate when somebody votes you, when somebody wants to hold off his West, said in the telephone interview yesterday
The people that would forbid gay is from marrying in this country are those who would have made Rosa Parks sit in the back of the bus and he is absolutely correct
I wouldn't even let you sit in the middle of the bus, the people he's talking about now, that having been said, here is a sensational editorial in the New York Daily News from yesterday
Ready?
Ready
Locked in
It says keep gay marriage out of the Constitution
The Constitution of the United States has meant to chart the relationship of the federal government to its citizens not to regulate those citizens' behavior
That is the Constitution's genius and it's why President Bush is dead wrong to push for an amendment banning same-sex marriages
Tampering with the nation's founding document for that purpose would be a disaster no matter how pleasing it might be to Bush's political base in an election year
Once before in history has the Constitution been retooled to permit national guardians to butt their noses into Americans' personal affairs that was called prohibition
No leave the judgment on gay marriages to 50 state legislatures those bodies already have jurisdiction over the laws governing family relationships
And they remember speak with the authority of elected public representatives unlike for example for justices on the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court who deemed themselves competent to decide how marriages to be defined
That court when far beyond the nation's comfort level when it held that Massachusetts's gays are entitled to marriage not just to legal rights that attend marriage never mind the thinking of thousands of state legislators the majority of Congress presidents, Bill Clinton and Bush and great minds through the ages
And so the country is reaping a whirlwind as Massachusetts ruling fast becomes a case study in the pearls of judicial activism
With roughly two-thirds of Americans opposing same-sex unions as many as 20 states are expected to vote on state constitutional bans and more than three dozen states of past laws defining marriages a union between a man and a woman
Meanwhile San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has wrong headedly opened the city hall to a torn of illegal gay marriages which I disagree with that part for the state's rights part is right
The Constitution is too precious and instant become entangled in this mess and pushing for an amended bush as he wants to prevent more courts from following the Massachusetts example
Even if that were wise Bush's action is extremely premature
There's no rush in it's heartening that even some leading congressional conservatives appear willing to let the country as he play out before acting
The result is likely to be that over time legislatures will move towards civil unions affording committed gay couple summer all of the more than thousand legal rights and obligations that automatically come with marriage
Though a spell out for example how property is jointly owned inherited and divided in the event of divorce they also cover merely lesser issues that married heterosexuals take for granted
The ability to make hospital visits for example or to control remains after death
Describe that way civil unions are likely to be accepted by many Americans as entirely practical
Meanwhile Mr. Present leave the Constitution alone like I said while I disagree with the part of their premise the fact is that states rights is just fine
Whatever the state decide why shouldn't that be good enough especially for the party that's always screaming about gay or a states rights
Show me about states rights
That was only when Rosa wanted to sit in the front of the bus I guess
Right we want to let those black kids in the school in Montgomery and Birmingham
560560.5 so and I should point out that those were a Democrat some of those people like George Wallace but again Dixie grads
Yeah
You know what I'm saying Republican light right WQM hello
Hello
Happy anniversary
Thanks Pally
Oh boy
How come they let him out two days in a row
Back in the cage sweetheart WQM hello
Deal yes sir happy anniversary thanks
I was over in the Netherlands when all this Janet Jackson stuff was going down
I got the news over and over again
No right no pixels my only complaint though about that place of all the times I've been there or the coke at X's he guys
Yeah the worst I got mugged by two of them did you really yeah no really
It didn't get nothing they didn't get anything
Well the worst for that
Yes anyway I felt the FCC to do my duty about what I think is going on in this country right now
And the woman that I got on to the fuck that I talked on the phone with she totally agree with me she said she's just doing her job
But she think she told me the right wing lunatics have taken over good for her yeah yeah I was good
So anyway you're doing a great service to humanity and in closing can you play police got my pop for me I got busted smoked in a bowl by some point
I'm right and listen I'll see on that damn square I'll see you there buddy I'll still leave
So clean do we I tell you he was popular he didn't win the election in 48 then he lost to Rosalind 44 but that do we they even
Name the true way after all of the filing system
Do we decimal that's right forgot all about that that Thomas E. Doey he's big in that I the Deutsch I mean the Dutch land
See I'm gonna see an awful lot of difference between Dutch land and Deutsch land but nevertheless I don't want to get to that I'm gonna be like talking about the Austrians
And about what a bunch of Nazis they used to be and maybe they still are I don't know five six seven oh five sixty lots of Nazis man so many Nazis and so little time
Pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line got an Arnie story Arnold gropinator in a little bit
And don't let me forget to read that Tom jik a thing the shot her around the dial what a great column little Tommy nice going baby
Man seriously that should be like all around the country. They should have to that syndicate and put it everywhere they should stick it
Well, it's all around the world now WQM hello hello Neil yes sir good afternoon and back to him congratulations on your anniversary
Thank you I was wondering in the light of a great day that we'll be bearing the hatchet with the great ones
What does that mean oh no I
So now he's got his boyfriend calling in Reverend Jones that's that's the guy the other guy the other guess what I said is boyfriend right well I hope they're happy together WQM hello
Hello Neil yes sir happy anniversary Neil thanks and keep up to good work and it's starting to feel like a bad movie Neil feels like invasion of the box matches you know exactly
But keep up to good work don't let him stop you okay buddy and don't say snatchers again man watch it
They're facing it good like you know seeing he would he's smart he got up to the real fast you know it's not what he knows they're
Tracing all these calls he knows they're just waiting to find you to slip up even if you're far to the wrong flavor man
That's it the fart police are gonna be next you'll see you got the pot police the fart police the J walk in police the sex police the dirty word police
Oh those word police are just working overtime in fact we don't have enough troops to take care of all the things we want to do in the world and to bring some of those kids back so they can finally get off the firing line
But we sure got more than enough of these good stuff or running around America just to make sure that you can enjoy life that's basically what it's all about you do understand it all I do we have people that are having too good of a
Time whether the listeners how it's stirring smoking a bowl whatever they're doing those people are enjoying themselves we don't like that we got to stop it now no mo
That's the mentality here in Washington now no more that whatever it is if you're enjoying it no more cut it out if it's good stop and look at that three hours
Well not really I mean we started 1015 like usual with the pool a thousand and 59 votes even alien hey eat your heart out sweet heart
Huh? Yeah even little alien with it without that happy meal never provoke this kind of response did he do
A thine and most yeah most stick to something you know about like J. Feeters but talk about something you understand like Halify and Kishki I mean don't be talking about radio
Because it's something you have no concept of none zero and if nobody don't believe me just listen to that show sometimes
My and local here's sports radio 560s you a you a M
But heads it's the one to do our
Oh
Police got my gun police got my gun
Police got my gun
Oh yes and I have quite a lot
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
But that's all right with me because it was sprayed with bad
Absolutely
That's great I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
What is smoking
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
They can't be scared at all I got
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
They busted me in a parking lot
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while they're smoking
All of my boys
To whom would you have looking?
105 60 W2M they're revolting in Haiti
Yeah, what else is there?
I know
Rebels who have over one half of Haiti sees another town today enclosed in on the 10th Capitol were looting erupted in support of a battle president
John Burratton iris steed fired guns in a year
They're revolting
A new rebel group sees Haiti's third largest city it lays caves
Kaiz out of no idea how to pronounce that frog stuff
On the southern coast and the three week old uprising
As the US and France make clear that iris steed should resign the rebels freed about 67 prisoners in
Maribel a
Remember Mary Bell?
See
About 25 miles northeast of Porto Prince witnesses said police ran they dropped everything into the ranny they turned tail
Is it the old thing we go?
Can't say tailing more can we
They turn ass
Anyway, we got over a thousand votes on the pool already
It's a shocking number because people are contrary to what the mole moisture says because you know it's nothing all
That's the love of a hundred
189 votes I got on there right now
What's your reaction to clear channel dumping our it's turn show under six stations including big in South Florida
Let me say again don't forget those seven cheap channels stations avoid them like they have the the bubonic plague like they have leprosy
Fascism is alive and well in America five hundred and seventy four
I'm angry I want stirring on QM Monday hundred eighty nine
I'm foaming at them out for hundred and thirty six
I don't care I'm not a stern listener eighty seven seven point nine percent who don't seem to see the bigger picture
This is the last drum finished with the right wing seventy four almost seven percent and
It's about time to get the filth off the year twenty nine of nearly eleven hundred votes two point six percent
Not many
But enough to convince Michael palman. Oh, yeah, they're pissed off. They're disgusted. They've had it. They're fed up with his filth perversion
WQM hello
I know how are you okay? I
Was I was surprised to find out that you're a shock shock
According to article you read I've been listening for years and I haven't been corrupted by it yet
I think what they mean is that shocking I'm still on the year in this market after this many years
What I what I find incredibly ironic is that these right wing idiots call themselves conservative
When in fact the conservative is against the government and all these people getting into our lives. Yeah true conservative is very much against all this kind of nonsense
And these these people give themselves this label in order to try to pander to the middle America and it's just incredible
But they're not pandering the middle America they're pandering their extreme right wing America, which they're going to discover in November is not middle America
Well, I think you're right, but I think they are I think you're exactly right there they are under the impression that this is what's going to get it reelected
And I don't think the Americans are quite that bad the right wing friends just fill the fringe and I don't think they're going to elect anybody although
It's given last last election who knows the they didn't elect anybody then either
Well, that's true, but that's true. They were they were stolen election
We're just kind of forward to make it so close. That's all that's why you got about six seven eight times man
All right, I'll try. Okay, good luck to you. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five six
Don't forget three to five tomorrow after Georgia's bigger parents that build titles boulevard of savings with his sandwiches
Three to five somebody will be if he's singing a wireless Josh. I'm gonna be there. I think you're getting well
He's moving up in the world now. He's moving out there on a weekend making a few extra bucks. That's right. We're in Josh appearance. We're both going to be there. Well, how can we didn't say that before?
I did you walk all over me like you did this time too. Oh like I said don't pay attention to George. Josh will be there and George
Three to five at the singular wireless at sixty three eleven north and who's having one Cyprus Creek. I thought you said where what?
Yeah, sure
Stop by the way those tickets to the Beatles classical mystery tour at Meisner Park this Sunday and other very very low budget
Absolutely. The way in prizes that you are embarrassed by and so are we but that's open for it.
But the free and their free. That's right. It'll be free. You have a wonderful time and you can bond with Josh and George and George and Josh and I'll be
I'll be right there. We're going to God and J. Feetler of course. That's great. WQ. I am hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I was looking yesterday at some staff on CNN. They said a million gay people voted for W in 2000.
Where the how do they know that I don't know the other stat was 75% of gay and lesbian vote. That was a good stat but the million the million gay people voting for W. Yeah, I can believe that the law cabinet Republicans, although they're threatening now that they're going to happen again. Hopefully they're right.
But did you see 43% of the Jews and Florida voted for job. I mean I can say. Yeah, I saw that. I was screaming about that. I don't understand it. When do you people going to wake up and sniff the
speech? He said if it was only on the economic strength of his policy economically, he should get a second term. What is he? Yeah, well, he forget about all those unemployed people. I mean, that's a small potatoes. You know, the 2.2 million jobs that he's lost. Forget about that. Well, he makes it up as he goes. And his reality. That's not a reality based conversation. Well, I got news for it. All the conversations he can make and going to change anybody's mind who's been out of work for a long time and is struggling to stay alive. My goodness. You know, when it's cold up north and you don't have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm going to have a job. I'm
going to have a job. You're not worried about gains and levy. It was a cold winter. People in Maine are scared to death. Yep. You got it. An Ohio and a lot of other places. Good luck to us, Pally. Bye. Bye. I'm going to be voting absentee ballot first. I'm going to show up and actually vote in person three or four times. I know where some of the polling places are. I'm going to get several pieces of fake ID and vote the numerous times because like I said before, it's a good plan to adopt. You got a bunch of 90 year old farts. And like I've always said, 90 is old enough. 90 year old farts who are like, you know, hanging around.
And the polling place. Where do I vote? I don't know what's your name again. Like that. So just to get even with the rape of the election system in 2000, this time in 2004, you're going to see, man, every dark person in Florida is going to vote 40, 50 times. I'm not talking necessarily about black people. Even if you got a suntan, Donnie says, if W wants to do something, why not address divorce instead of marriage, getting married is easy. You should be open to all people. The problems that divorce that causes
depression, suicide, domestic violence, drug and alcohol abuse, splits families, murder like OJ and first and foremost, giving half to some no good bitch who sits on our ass eating bonbons. I don't want to say Donnie sounds a little bitter. It says you are God. Thanks for many years of great entertainment.
I'm a lot of people miss Howard. Let me say it again. Whether I listen to a show or not or whether George listen to a show or whatever the fact of the matter is, this is fascism at its worst. At its worth in the threatening more. That's the best part. See, in other words, they got along with they got away with this by threatening cheap channel. So they got to be knocked off those six markets of theirs. And they're just going to keep making threats and more threats. Well, you know, satellite will be next and then the cable and then MTV is a lot too. We don't like that. Make it boobies and stuff like that.
We'll almost close make it and then those reality shows you know, real world and all that other stuff. Right. Oh, we don't want that on there. Too many hot young people get everybody all worked up and next thing you know, they might be actually doing something. Now those videos and DVDs. Yeah, BVDs and of course, incubus. You can't be playing that no more. Too many hitlers flying around in that video. And of course, that's a simple message to the public that we got one in the White House. When you see all the little guys up there flying around with a mustache. Uh oh. Don't want them thinking about that. Especially.
I'm not saying election here. Just to disgrace a shame and a sham. And here's rush on here yesterday from what we heard and what I read. What a joke. Well, you know, when the Democrats get in term of call up or what he'll do to my right now, the Democrats aren't in fatso.
Pill popper. They're not in. Your people are in. Your boy is in. You're fascists are in. Phil Clinton didn't appoint Michael Powell to be chairman of the FCC. What did he get in there?
No, no, look it up. Michael Powell ain't doing the Democrats bidding right now. He can be damn sure that all the Democrats on the FCC are just equally anxious and obnoxious.
They're all the same bunch of lunatics. But he don't get that. No, I don't understand that because obviously his people could never do any wrong.
It's only the Clintons that murder people and so many those scumbags that you know, pop pills and drugs and are dangerous in our society.
And not to be in jail for many years. Rush 10 minutes after one at five 60 WQM. We got the booster for our mad dog at two mad dogs out of town today and well deserved two three days a week.
That's plenty. I've told him he says you're right right on the Humper the Hebrew hammer. Stupid. And for the saptown Panther P.
That's going nuts. Roberto L'Awango, maybe the greatest athlete whoever played in South Florida. Nobody knows who he is.
Eddie Captain the hockey game and sporting news radio. Where's that sporting news radio? I'm not sure. Well, no, I'm sure it's no. No, no.
It's sporting news radio because let's face it boys and girls. Nobody with a brain cares about all these things that we discuss on this show.
This is a waste of time because it has absolutely nothing to do with. Right. Just as parents are Greg. They'll tell you where it's at.
That's the beginning. That's the middle and that's the end. Behind end. The S. N. Yeah.
Clarence you an imbecile man. You know, he didn't come in there this morning. I don't remember. No, he didn't come in.
Because I would have just ripped him an ass with that comment. They're like, well, why did you do this to sports you one time? Just for fun.
Yeah, the joke to the audience that we've been so censored now that all we as all we need to do. Michael Powell bio coming at you.
Well, I know what year was he appointed? Are you going to make me read? Yeah. Just a number. I thought a big assignment. He was nominated by Clinton in 97. Oh, no, are you kidding me?
Like I said, Clinton put him in there. I can't imagine why though. Can you? No. Not the fact he was rolling coal in the sun. I don't do it. So it's now made by Clinton in 97.
So he's been in there for a while now. How soon they forget? But nevertheless, he's not doing the Clinton's bidding no more. He's doing the bushmeister's bidding. That's my point. Okay. No matter who stuck his ass in it. Remember, we thought his dad was also a dove once upon a time. Yeah.
I heard he ate a dove bar in Japan. Pute his guts out. That's what I'm hearing. 12 minutes after one. By the way, do you ever eat the chocolate covered chocolate dove bars?
Chocolate covered chocolate dove bars. The chocolate dove bar with the thick chocolate coating on the outside.
I'll be back. Don't do the now. Even non-diabetics will swoon and go into a coma morning right now. Oh, man.
Hey, let me tell you right now, but the best low carb diet joint in the universe and that's the lights of Westboker. That's right. Low carb diets are in everybody.
Their brothers are one of those. And if you are too, you know how boring it can be. It's monotonous, even though it sounds great at first with all the meat and the cheese, the steaks and the seafood and butter and eggs and all these things.
It gets pretty limiting after well, but if you want some variety, some things with some sweet taste and good taste, the lights of Westboker will absolutely do it for you because they're the number one low carb store in the universe.
They've got over a thousand low carb products to choose from, including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolate lattes, ice cream pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots more.
And the lights you'll find the biggest selection anywhere. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And you can try anything to stir before you lay out any cash for it. They've got an eligible staff that knows low carb dieting inside and out.
And they carry the most complete line of Acton's brand products. You're going to find anywhere that are on sale all day, every day, even on some historic.
So if you're on the low carb diet, here's the story you're going to love shopping at. The lights of Westboker on the northeast corner of Glades Road and 441 right next to Boston Market.
They'll hope you stay on that straight and narrow path. Call them toll free at 1-877-Low-Carb-L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
Or on web, you'll find them at lowcarb.com. There's only one de-lights of Westboker. It's your official Acton's retail center.
My, and low. This is Sports Real by Sikki.
You, A-A-N.
Right hand man of the Taliban, second-owned lady to be lady. On the land to my housey rent. Now we hiding in my basement.
And you thought it was over, they got silent, and I racked. Well the jokes on you, you pathetic boon.
This one of them came back, Moola Boola O'Maw. He the killer is for Hala.
I tried to tell a reporter, but none of them wanted to hear it. He's an evil dude with the bomb or two, and no one cares he's here.
Moola Boola O'Maw. Moola Boola O'Maw.
Almost immediately after he was sworn in. A lot of the rest of us were swearing, and they'll present they was sworn in.
See, there's the rub. Right, we can't swear anymore though.
You're unlike this story, though. Covered our Arnold Schwarzenegger's campaign. I remember he was going to investigate all those allegations against him back in the recall election.
I'm going to look into it after the election. I'm going to conduct my own investigation. And then after the election after he won an Atlanta in California, I don't need to do that because I am a governor.
Governor Schwarzenegger's campaign aides say they believe that a woman suing him for defamation.
Really was a prostitute and drug addict when they suggested a reporter she had a history of felony convictions, court documents in the case show.
Because several people had mentioned her drug use and want to suggest that possible participation in prostitution will in a prostitute.
I believe very strongly that the criminal records were of the same Rod de Miller campaign spokeswoman Sean Walls said a deposition file last week in Los Angeles Superior Court.
The deposition was one of several filed with the motion requesting dismissal of the case.
Walls was wrong about Miller who is one of more than a dozen women who came forward in the waiting days of California's gubernatorial recall election.
To alleged they had been grouped or otherwise sexually harassed by Schwarzenegger in unrelated incidents spanning three decades.
Miller's attorney Gloria Allred on Wednesday called the campaign's argument pathetic.
Pathetic Arnold. Miller told reporters in a news conference a day before California's October 7th recall election that the actor turned candidate had lifted her shirt and photo.
The photograph her bare breast without her consent in January 91 during the filming of Terminator 2.
She also said he groped her breast during the 1994 filming of two lies and speaking of two lies all the stuff about her.
Well guess what was another Rod de Miller campaign staff members responded to her allegations by sending reporters and emails suggesting they search her name in the LA court database which contains records of convictions by another Rod de Miller.
Different woman same name.
They also wish it statements by Schwarzenegger in two of his longtime film collaborators denying Miller's claim all three said Schwarzenegger was not present when the photograph was taken and mounted on the scene of the makeup trailer in that Miller post-vert voluntarily.
God, he ought to. How do you like that? I like it.
So Arnold may be a little bit of hot water but he'll wiggle his way through because after all he's the Terminator and the gubernator.
He'll mess with Arnold.
And of course we know that there's no partisan politics going on on either side of the El Missouri Democrats say Viacom refused to sell them billboard space.
Oh no. That's kind of like when CBS refused move on.org and those ads on the Super Bowl, right? Conspiracy theorist.
Now just maybe, maybe if CBS would have said, hey let's put those move on.org ads on just like even at halftime we wouldn't have seen that big flap and the Viacom and CBS and MTV wouldn't be all that hot water right now since they
parked off the FCC and Michael's Powls. The Missouri Democratic Party said yesterday that media giant Viacom which is CBS and which is infinity and which is MTV backed out of a deal to sell billboard space for a political ad prompting party claims of political favoritism in rejecting the ad.
Party chairwoman may sheve weirder rodents said the ad was set to run for a month beginning this week along I 70 and predominantly black sections of St. Louis and Kansas City but that Viacom killed the project without notice.
The billboard ad features a black man's face against an American flag. It says Missouri Republicans have a plan. You are not part of it.
The ad encourages readers to visit a Missouri Democratic Party website. Show me issues.com.
Party executive director Jim Cotmeyer said the Viacom out to office in St. Louis had accepted the ad and was preparing to run but he said the ad got the attention of a manager in Chicago who ran it past the Viacom executive in New York who put the hammer down.
They'll put the hammer down especially the Hebrew him. Yeah. Viacom out to a general manager at Kyle Dorton in St. Louis told Cotmeyer in the letter Wednesday the company viewed the ad as negative.
Viacom said reserves the right to reject an ad that personally attacks an individual is obviously falsely leaning or deceptive relates to an illegal activity or offends local standards of decency and good taste.
The ad clears all of those standards but was still rejected said Reardon. Ed and the ad is not an attack but is fact stating an informator.
The Republican legislature has sliced a budget in education and social services causing pain to the African American communities she said.
The party alleges corporate censorship and said Viacom is setting a pro Republican pattern. Viacom CBS division refused to air during the Super Bowl those online activists to move on.org TV ads critical of President Bush the old Bushmeister.
Viacom spokesman Carl Foltis said the company saw the Democratic Party billboard as an ambush ad that used race in a divisive way.
He said the ad didn't meet Viacom standards the same reason given for refusing move on.org's ad and Wagner chair of the Missouri Republican Party said there's no place in politics for race baiting right like Willie Horton you mean.
Race baiting things like that.
And applauded Viacom is recognizing the ad would be divisive and offensive she said governor Bob hold on our Republican legislatures is with holding money from education.
Yadi yadi she says Viacom wait wait CBS and his parent company Viacom don't strategize to screen out certain ads of political bent and my response to that would be get bent that's what I say get bent get lost get bent bitch.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the oh and here comes another great story I like this one a lot to give you an idea of what the fear the group and fears are doing.
The moral censors attorney general john ascroft is demanding records of abortions performed on hundreds of women at six planned parented affiliates across the country ABC news has learned how do you like that.
Oh my god.
In a motion for discovery filed Wednesday against planned parented federation of America and subpoenas filed the same time against planned parented affiliates in San Diego Los Angeles New York Washington DC western Pennsylvania and the Kansas mid Missouri region.
Ascroft is demanding medical records of abortions performed in the last year some on fetuses aborted early in the second trimester.
Ascroft actions are a sweeping invasion in a medical privacy said Elizabeth Toledo as Rick Weber would say holy Toledo vice president of communications for planned parented federation of America.
He has been overzealous and is desired to attack access to legal abortions in this country.
Oh and speaking of that you know that a bunch of these right-wing Christians when they were doing all the marriages really heavy duty there in frisco last week.
I think it was on Friday that a bunch of these born again lunatics got together they were blocking the door just like the way they blocked the door to entrance to abortions clinics.
They were blocking the door to the courthouse so all those gate couples that had come there from like everywhere unanimous felt and the next to it.
Let's get to get in love you kind of reminded me of the reverse of those fascists they sent to my back in the fixed election in 2000 who are all banging on the door the courthouse going.
Let us in let us in remember those people are covered back is by the way none of those people are from South Florida.
Let us in.
And this all happened in broad daylight under the watch of the beautiful media okay let me say it again if you want to find somebody to be really pissed off at be pissed.
The media is sick and they've got bad with the damn media because they're the ones who are just letting us all fly right on by all just slides right on by what we hear lots about Martha's store and Scott and lazy Peterson and mistrial and that trial and mistrial and mist whatever.
Pile a crap don't bother them with the important things because they can't be bothered with it's too controversial they might piss somebody off.
That's why they were like given me all gifts and that 80 billion dollars worth of free publicity because after all they shouldn't want to piss off the Catholic church.
I forgot for business we know what their capable love yeah we sure do they might make it offer it to cover fuse I think it was just a coincidence of course that baptism seen in the Godfather don't you yeah.
I think it was just one of those things.
Yeah yeah do you renounce Satan I do let's see how many votes we got we might have a shot here at what 1300 something like that if rumor if rumor wouldn't have screwed up our momentum we have we had phenomenal momentum and of course you know I did ask him to call but I expect like a 10 minute to preach on hockey there all right why didn't you expect that.
Because I thought you have the decency just like Jeff Cohen called and we had a lot of minute conversation because I'm an idiot I never learned my lesson okay.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa and he bought dinner for Bobby or and now he's going to try to tell me about all those meals at Ruth Cress right sure sure we just imagination have bad memory you know oh don't say that.
1160 votes what's your reaction to clear channel dump in the Howard Stern show in their six markets including Miami.
Fascism is alive in well in America 610 52.5% I'm angry I want Stern on Q.A.M. on Monday pronto tanto 204 I'm filming at the mouth 143 they're rabid they got rabbis I don't care I'm not a Stern listener 94.1% okay.
This is the last draw I'm finished with the right wing 77.6.6% and it's about time get the filth off the air now they're making a little bit of progress 32.7% want the evil doers off the radio the perverts the perversive smut get them off it's about time.
2.7% I don't think that will win the election this time to you.
haha not that good.
but be one screener so is my feet.
stand up and throw making green water I went to the doctor to see once the man I may actually showed and I can't believe I'm at home.
I'm going to have to go home.
so down the cat is boss fit the day.
bring myself to the hair of a dog.
I know it goes against actors on us but I got no wish to remain so my mind is well keep drinking of all men in country deliver.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
I'm going to have to go home.
Dr.
from multiple births at 20-1,5 weeks a doctor and a cantec, director of neonatology at
Akman Children's Hospital.
Babies were transferred to the neonatal intensive care at the Children's Hospital,
where they respected the state for about nine weeks.
All will be on respirators because of the immaturity of their lungs cantec.
Said, we're very optimistic about their survival, although any major handy-capsi-b-sand
six of them.
Hopped out like he said, like popcorn out of a popper.
They like that.
High popper.
560-056-056-050560 on the AT&T in Verizon, World of Slime.
We haven't done that on the line.
I don't think all day that's because there's nobody on it.
WQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good?
Good.
Ken, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, hi.
I haven't talked to you in a long time.
I'm trying to get in touch with you.
Well, here you go.
Well, good deal.
Hey, I call most or this morning.
I can't believe how he doesn't see the bigger picture in this.
It sounds like he played the game.
I heard somebody.
Oh, it sounds to me like Reverend Jones.
Yeah.
Yeah.
5670-560-050560 on the AT&T.
I got news for it.
They even sound like they once walked past Reverend Jones in the elevator at Poppano Park.
That's enough for me.
Bye-bye.
That was him.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy 28.
Well, thank you so much.
The guy that called earlier, I don't know who he is.
He's not my partner.
Oh, that's him.
So you want to pause him?
The guy right before this one.
Well, he'll call the same way.
He'll call the same way.
Huh?
One call per station per day.
Yeah, one per day.
OK, you schmuck, you maniac, you lunatic.
And that includes the two of you.
You can alternate.
Otherwise, we're going to come and just scrape your ass until it's like a piece of meat.
George will handle that with gloves.
Get out the steel wall in the SOS pads.
Come to QA and hello.
QA and?
Neil, guys.
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
How are you, sir?
I've brought up and I can't take it anymore.
Yeah.
I want to put the road in.
We want hours starting there on Monday morning.
Primus, ride it.
How?
I can't believe these people.
They won't quit.
The temperature between the ribos and the ribos.
That's what I mean.
The ribos.
The ribos.
The ribos.
Yeah, man.
I can't afford to kneel.
Good luck to you, Pali.
We'll have a search party there to find what's left of you by the time you get there.
Sneak through there in the dark night, okay?
Get some sort of like an underground railroad going.
That's a good idea.
Or maybe they can come over and get a new boat that they got from Rochester Toronto.
Toronto and come in through a Rochester convertible be it no no, seriously they started a crew
Well, what do they call those a fairy? I should know that
Excuse me excuse my stupidity a fairy
George wants to apologize to the guy three calls ago the guy that I said
I don't know how he he did what he said he called Howard this morning
Oh, that's yeah one call is enough. I didn't get you drift
I was thinking you were talking about the real one no one called from my real one. Okay, with your phony baloney
Even I'm getting real tired of you. Okay Reverend Jones and your boyfriend and your silly ass crap
You know, it's really amazing
This is a hobby
Sure this shows become a hobby
You got the little Julio circle drew a crowd you got them and then we got the Reverend Jones and his
buddies right with nothing else to do for the nothing and we got chambat which even even on my 28th anniversary
Didn't have the didn't have the decency to say happy anniversary. No chambat
That would have been cute. That would have been funny but the early amusing right anything
But no no material that's the beginning and end that's the essence of his material chambat
Great although it is quick anyway
560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. It's hockey talk today. How about it? You ride cool Nick
My what
WQM hello sounds like a body part. Yes, sir. How are you Neil pretty good?
Can I express concern about something if you don't mind go ahead? I'm I'm very distressed about the way this country has been taken over by the
The right wing. I would have heard I read another editorial for saying how bad the New York Times is the LA Times is because they're so liberal
The liberal mind is the run by by organizations that are very tight to the Jews. This is very distressing to me. Time for the Jews
That they think the New York Times is controlled by by the Jews. It's so ridiculous. Yeah
And I'm telling you I mean this guy's like Sean Hannity. This guy's like Scarborough. I mean this those fight me
Yeah, I mean what do you think about that? I think it's a great idea. What do they speak and what do you want?
Why don't I do what? I'm sure I'm sure concerned about the what they're trying to do to the media
Well, what do you think I keep screaming about it sir? What would you like me to do? Have a stroke here on the air with that make you happy
What would you like me to do? Well, I like to think you're the voice of reason
I'm doing the best I can sir on the air on our website and we don't need any instructions from a screaming wild-ass
Lunatic like you okay good god
He reminds me of Shell Miman that used to call me Indian years ago
I bet you there might be one or two of our old-time listeners remember. Oh, it's so terrible screamer
Shell Miman. Oh, what are we going to do about those right wingers the right wingers? Oh, man
I remember him like it was only yesterday in this guy he must be his
illegitimate twin
The right wingers what are we going to do? I mean, it's the radio show. I'm doing the best I can
I'm trying to motivate people people are pissed up
We're talking about what people want to talk about what's really important to them and then that's it
People are foaming at the mouth about fascism and censorship and no more freedom of speech no more
We're taking a poll on the Howard Stern thing one more would you like me to do a sir?
Would you like me to croak right here on the air?
Would that make you happy and convince you that I'm sufficiently bent out of shape to please you
Don't put them down a little how come you're not here the voice of reason
I think he was speaking in tongues
You know something with tongue maybe he was having it for lunch on
By the way, how can people eat that oh tongue
See, I don't know the two things the other brave and be able to understand and of course back in the day before this week
I probably could make some kind of connection between the two things but I won't know
It wouldn't be a good idea to but tongue and head cheese hey in the same way go when you go out of the supermarket
The deli and you see those two things in the
case
And you look at that and you and I asked myself how could anybody possibly
Dream of consuming that you know saying and come to find out the head cheese has that nerve tissue in it
Oh, it's a good stuff. They can get like all is a mad cow and holy chow and
Yes, maybe even a little bit of SARS in there too just for good measure
20 till two at 560 q amp where we're just not doing the best we came before I put it up you want to see
Miami tonight on Fox News it's Hannity and what's his name starring Sean Hannity and some funny looking
Goofall with Bill O'Patt hair real Sean. I really think I'm gonna break that
Sorry, we got your name again whether you're on the right like Sean Hannity or on the left like that other geek watch
Hannity and what's his name with calls from viewers like you yes caller you're on the air you you have a question for me
No Sean my question is for uh who's his face come again?
What's McCalling?
You mean what's his name
It's the best thing on cable news. Don't believe it just listen to what Hannity and what's his name are saying about Hannity and what's his name?
Hi, I'm Sean Hannity inviting you to tune in every weeknight for once I agree with you there Sean. Hi my name is
Oh, um, I hope you're out here partner. Uh, who the heck am I now? I don't know buddy and apparently neither does anyone else on earth
Or insight you can ignore from names you can't forget except for the one you can't remember see Hannity and what's his name only on box news
144 or five to my thought I played that we don't have too much chance to play that right or too much time to hear it
Right exactly what we got such a heavy duty a full plate
Mitch has got a fax here he says the Howard Stern show has got very high ratings in every marker words broadcast
To me that's clear indication that the show is not considered offensive by a large portion of the population
If anything it is something that people like and enjoy listen to
Right the FCC doesn't care about that anymore Mitch
Morality instead of to reflect the beliefs and feelings of the people in this situation
It seems that the government is using the morality of a few fanatics to place restrictions on the listing and or viewing rights to the rest of us
Absolutely correct sure people have the ability to decide for themselves if they find something offensive
There are plenty of other channels that they can tune into unfortunately
Many of us have lost that ability since the shows we want to listen to are being taken away
Take away the other clear channel stations that I'm boycotting and the only thing left is Moe Howard David
Early in the morning guess I'll be listening to the cassettes from no one says Mitch get a CD player Mitch
Okay, it's a lot more you know the CDs don't get all messed up like the tape
Go by Mitch's CD player where we can would you please do it? Oh broke come on
Just put in the expensive account for it
Okay, in fact tack it on to Bulca Brian's expensive account
All of this is extraordinarily disturbing speaking of bullying for Columbine and the great Michael Moore
You see this story about the tapes and all the stuff they found it released about Columbine
Yeah, it was watching it last night wow
Authorities had at least 15 contacts with the Columbine high school killers dating back two years before their grotesque attack the state attorney general
City yesterday angering families of the victims
Attorney general Ken Salazar did not however blame the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office for missing warning signs about Eric Harrison Dylan Klebold
You know what this reminds me of
Remember when Andrew Conan was hanging out on the beach
Sure
And decided to go and pay
Johnny Versace a visit but in the meantime
Before then he had got to that
pawn shop and used this passport as ID and his real name of course is on the passport and they pass the information
Along as they do on all of the stuff at pawn shops to the police and the Miami Beach and it's set in a file
Cabinet or on a file one of the trade right for a few days and then all of a sudden somebody picked up
So holy cow's Andrew Conan. Yeah, well guess what
Too late for Johnny yeah, but he was killing bags. Oh
I see on the beach they figured that's okay. Yeah, that's God's work
Instead he summarized how investigators reacted in 1997 complaints about Harris from a throne snowball that cracked
The car window to a prank telephone call the room wrote more ominous signs two authorities have said anonymous tip that year
Led a deputy to a website run by Harris that said the two teens had built pipe bombs and concluded now
Our only problem is to find the place that will be ground zero
In the end none of the many efforts to open up the Columbine records of viewing today's activity will mean much beyond passing curiosity
If we can't learn from this tragedy sellers are set in news conference
Authorities yesterday also publicly unveiled a chilling display of evidence the murder weapons bullet fragments the chairs and tables where the victims were gunned down
A message board put up in a school window that that they still says in blue magic marker. I'm bleeding to death
Authorities also released two videos one of the anxious scenes in a park across the street from the school that day and another 90 minute compilation of videos made by Harrison Cleebold. Oh, brother
You know, it's too bad that they did kill themselves. You know, I don't want to sound like one of those angry people
And I know John carries against the death penalty
But it's kind of a mood issue because the death penalty at the federal level, which is the only thing the president has to do with anyway is a rarely carried out
And this wouldn't have been a federal prosecution, but at any rate
I'm not talking about frying them. I'm talking about like picking them apart
Sell by cell but the family members of all those kids in the teacher that they show picked them apart sell by cell like with a tweezers and a heart-read poker things like that do unmentionable things to them
Not that I'm angry you understand I understand
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello
Yeah, Neely, you know of all the negative things going on in the country right now
I just like to lighten things up with one word helium
Okay, great
Wish we had some here to celebrate if I were there I could probably have all in big helium balloon. That's right. We could
Just like Gellby for the rest of the show
I'm gonna do those hockey games. Oh, look at that. It was a tough shot man. He stopped there. Oh
Come on, Gellby who are you kid man squeaky one just a little buckish and goofball
WQM hello, can't talk that exactly happy anniversary. Thank you. Well done after all these years
We we do appreciate getting a good laugh out of the day and you do provide that
You bet
Listen any chance of updating the website any point. I love that. I'm a spin. I'm a dying to play it for friends. I'm out of town
But it's not on your website any idea. Well if you had a casserole cord you could I'll play it on the next break. How's that?
Can't do it, pal. I appreciate it. I love listening to it
I'll play it again and then you can hum it to him
So then on the mind is that an htn recording who did that? Oh, yes matter-fect it is
Dead on the money. Yeah, you know who yeah, you're right whoever does his voice with George has never mentioned this
What she should whoever does that voice if that doesn't sound like his twin brother, man? Maybe maybe it's a Fred
Hey, you have the other body express is he shamelessly hogged his other chotch. He's exactly have a great collie. Would you back on the eight?
Yes, sir have a wonderful holiday thanks a lot best of what I'll be a we ought to put that out of the website
Neil be back not so much that I'm concerned that George might lose you know a few white audience
huh oh
But we ought to put it up on the website Neil returns Monday March 8th. Oh March already huh
Marching when there's April and May and June and of course it's July and August when we have those two weeks
The jacke people are always talking about two of days. We have two weeks
Which is why I like it jack
Jack anybody out there wants to study jack
I'm here been studying one up close in person lately
We're sports radio 560
UAM
Mornings will never be the same on 560
WQAM starting this Monday. It's the big kahuna
Robe young from six to 10 a.m Monday through Friday only on 560 WQAM
I miss this boring. What's better than a wide radio show every morning on TV?
Just about anything but that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teening up with radio's original bad boy
Who now looks like an sd over me listen party. I'm a sell at internist coffee
Yes every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's county bits
I bought the air I did a hammer to bite into this muffin just somebody best press one plate like you see his wild behind the scenes at it
The race of the day and the Iman you are the wallers cook cook at you now get me some fresh coffee or your fire
I miss he's irreverent. So what's the old approach? He's topical. So what's the deal with his water game?
He's in coherent. I'll tell you what that
The government is what I
Reads I've been standing for and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations
Nobody listens to and that somebody gets a present jingle. It's Iman
Absolutely he is brutal man dead man in a cheer 155 if five 60 WQM next to Elvis
I think he's probably the dead guy making most money
I don't know wouldn't surprise me
Jesus
WQM hello
We just discovered up until this day we didn't know that's the same guy that's sound about same guy sure
It is at least it's got variety going WQM. Hello
The man the wug is gay
Now why do they wait till the very end all thankfully? Why did they wait till the very end when they I guess they ran on the material about three four minutes ago
WQM have a anniversary line hello
John Ma
Oh, it's still WQM hello
Mr. Rogers yes sir
Just called a wish you a very happy anniversary. Thank you. I found you about six years ago on a radio by accident and I've been hooked ever since
And I just want you to remember one thing Bush no more in oh four. All right. Excellent job, howling. Thanks
Bush no more in oh four
No more mo. I mean no more a bush
Agency tells airline to wait passengers. This is disturbing. I said we don't have enough things to have to go through now before we get on a plane
This is really great air travel would be safer if airlines weighed their passengers
From time to time to make sure they know how much weight their planes are carrying says the NTSB
Following its investigation away commuter plane crash in North Carolina last year the NTSB said yesterday airlines
You're least periodically make passenger step on a scale. You know what you did. Oh man. Thank God. I got a good memory
I don't think I have time to do it though if you hurry to read the jickery column again the shot heard around the dial
TV did the crime and radio is doing the time more precisely radio listeners are doing the time
Just in tinkerbell didn't bear Janet Jackson's breast on radio
However radio is where the ramifications of the FCC's grandstanding crack that our most being filled the clearest and most outrageous
manifestations clear channels decision to pull Howard Stern from six of its radio stations including big
Jackson flashes of breast on TV and Stern who's been already for more than a quarter century suddenly becomes persona non grata a
University class and logic had spent a semester trying to analyze that
Every clear channel executive and mirror the FCC ought to be chained to a chair for a screening of Lenny
So the least have a clue how narrow minded and stupid they're gonna look and retrospect. They certainly don't have a clue now
Clear channels cow towing can be traced to much more significant as you media consolidation
The San Antonio based conglomerate owns more than 1200 stations nationwide a death rattle for localism
Which is supposed to be the heart of broadcasting one executive in Texas has departed to dictate what will be heard in Florida
California Kentucky and Pennsylvania. This is what happened with Stern
David Ross regional vice president of clear channel
Station said in a phone conversation Wednesday afternoon
Stern would continue to be heard on big with several safeguards against indecent material going over the year
A few hours later they either came down from Texas that Stern had to go in Fort Lauderdale or Orlando
Rochester San Diego Pittsburgh in Louisville
Ross knows the sensibilities of this market for more than two decades running successful local stations
However, the only authority he had was to carry out the Texans command
Who allowed this unacceptable domination over the public airways none other than the FCC
More than a few legislators activists are demanding a breakup of clear channel
However, it's friends of the commission have turned a deaf ear which explains why clear channel is so ready to defer the FCC's morality
Posturing this also might explain why the lineup of issue-oriented tour out issue-oriented talk hostificated by clear channel
Is top heavy with champions of the Bush administration commission chairman michael Powell owes his job to the president
Not that politics much encouragement to give away the farm is commission also voted to raise the penetration
A cap the percentage of national audience reached by never-cone TV stations from 35 to 45 percent
I'm root to 100 percent if that's ever-loud localism will be dead in TV as well
One executive in New York or Los Angeles will be able to decide what will be seen in more than 200 markets nationwide
I don't have time to read the whole thing
David
It says it would be a misnomer to describe the super bowl flashes a catalyst for a crackdown and reality
It's the excuse self-appointed moral guardians are forever waiting for any opportunity to attempt to enforce their personal rigid codes and everybody else
The actions of Justin thinker ballon Janet Jackson which were inexcusable were like mana from heaven for the moral mafia
No one has ever been involuntarily subjected in more than a few seconds at most of stern
Neal Rogers or any other personality now in the crosshairs of the FCC
Given the notoriety of these shock-jots have achieved anyone who claims to have been offended by tuning in unaware of the nature of their programs
Should look beyond the commandments dealing with sex and focus on those dealing with false witness
More over the FCC's actions here constant today single issue abandonment of the bedrock
Republican principle of letting the marketplace decide
Bud packs and created a TV network to care of those turned off by the constant accesses of the rest of TV
The ratings are so low a sky-writing plane would be seen by more people
The decision to of the market the decision the marketplace in this instance clearly doesn't matter to piles
SEC and the lawmakers enabling its witch hunt
But they should be wary of another marketplace decision in November which they will be unable to ignore
