I always told you that Joe Rose a little wrong he's the best
Oh, I'll make this good is I want to go
It's Friday you bastard. What the hell is that?
You're the rules in the me with a big star right now
You have a little bit sweet voice. I didn't expect to get anywhere a little beauty film.
We'll take you.
I think I said that's a good ride.
What did you say?
I was right there. I got to come up with you.
The more I see you.
Yeah, what a pun.
The more I hate you.
What do I hate you?
And when I see you.
I want to die.
You're a tech degree.
No, don't help.
Cheese a roll.
Put me in a coma.
And point my eyes.
Why you, why you're the smart you?
That's okay.
I know my smell attracts you.
I know.
But unlike that you.
You still got such a.
I feel just like that you are my kid brother.
And when you need to another.
That's why you're still not buying.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
That's right, don't, don't, don't.
I'm going to go and go and go, go and go.
If you get the going dog, you're gonna go.
I'm going to show him what you.
In the cold night.
I can't wait till it's over.
All right, that's enough.
Give another slap for us, Mo.
That'll work.
10-0-2 at 5-60, WQA, man.
This place is just full of controversy and hate and rifts and riff raft, love, parts, flowers.
All of these things, man.
I thought our only real problem was...
Howard from Boca.
Little did I realize he's just small potatoes these days.
You know what?
I think the biggest problem is that Geldy is so desperate to get away from him.
Howard from Boca.
That's where the real problem lies.
If he asks me, I could be wrong about that because you know I'm so out of touch.
Thank God.
Anyway, we got a lot of Geldy material here today, so we'll probably play this.
No!
No!
No!
Several times.
No!
No!
No!
Anyway, Jim Sarni writes a whole bunch of crap.
Hey Jim, you haven't got any clue what you're writing about.
As usual, you're another stop-floor to loser.
Anyway, four helled-in-be heading of American.
Do you see that story?
No.
No.
Just in.
Iraqi police have arrested four people in the slang of American Nicholas Berg and Iraqi security officials
said, yeah, today, this morning.
The suspects were former owners of Saddam Hussein's Fadayin paramilitary organization
said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
They were arrested a week ago in a house in Salahedin province north of Baghdad.
Isn't that great that we have all of these words that...
Nobody's got any idea what the mean pictures are?
What is that?
The moving pictures of what?
Of the prisoners.
Oh, the abuse?
Hey, listen, they should be given a medal.
That's what the...
A good poll your audience said yesterday.
That poll you took?
Good poll, but man, the response was about as embarrassing as anything we've ever had on
this show.
Does it surprise you?
The group that was involved in the killing of Berg was led by Yasser Al-Sabawe.
And nephew of Saddam Hussein, the security official, said.
He said American intelligence that asked Iraqi authorities to hand over the suspects, but
they were still in Iraqi hands.
Al-Sabawe was not among those arrested, he said.
And I'm sure also not arrested was Al-Zakari, who supposedly did the beheading, and
probably wasn't even there, because he's dead.
And it's very least, at the very least, had his leg chopped off.
Not.
Well...
Yeah, that's what he said when he chopped his leg off.
POOT!
Anyway, Georgia, I asked yesterday, and you'll be pleased that all those people who like
me and hope I'm around a while, and those people who hate me like poison also will be
pleased, because otherwise, what would they do if I wasn't here?
I have no life.
Everything came out just fine, so to speak.
Oh yeah.
Everything was great.
My prostate is great, 2.4 PSA, for an old far like me, is fabulous number.
So yesterday, I had several vizingers.
What?
Yeah.
It felt like a finger.
Well, I can't go into that.
No, you can't.
I can't go into that.
They sure did.
Well, the problem is, when you go to these, see, there's no more proctologists.
Now it's co-rectal specialists, or something like that.
In other words, whole doctors.
But when you go there, they have like a whole team.
I said, is that the first team you got back there?
Get ready behind me, whatever they're going to do?
I would have sworn I saw a depot.
You know that depot showed up with the who else was with them with the PD Lenny, right?
For Zach's birthday party at the Terrad.
I wasn't invited.
And our program director, Clarence Darrow, such a cheap Jew, that he drove all the way up
to, where was it?
Somewhere in Broward.
I have no idea.
He drove all the way up there just so he can get a free meal at Charod.
He probably spent like five bucks gas going up and back.
But he didn't care because it was a free meal at Charod because he's a shanur.
He's learning fast.
Then embarrassing or what?
No, I didn't.
So PD Lenny showed up and also D-fo.
I wonder what kind of drug.
I mean, what kind of stuff they ate up there.
Anyway.
Oh, listen, I'm loaded for it today.
You have no idea.
Just wait.
Wait till I get to Gully.
Oh, man.
Hey, Gully.
Let me tell you right now the idea of you doing the Panther games.
I was thinking about it driving to work this way.
It's a goal.
It's a goal.
It's a goal.
Oh, it's a goal.
I did this here and now.
Can't you?
I can't.
And they were Randy Moor reaching over and slapping him on.
Yeah.
Slap again, Randy.
Because there's a rift is what Joe Rose is reporting this morning between Randy Moor,
who is by the way the Panthers director of broadcasting.
I didn't know that.
That's Randy Randy is the Panthers director of broadcasting with their 0.7 share that nobody
cares about it.
In fact, Mad Dog had a driver home from Mommy's Wednesday and Mad Dog had a call somebody
saying, how about that flyer lightning series?
And man, he said you got 10 seconds.
Nobody cares about it.
And then he was counting down the 10 seconds.
I think I was trying to say something.
So why the Panthers are in this station?
I have no idea because we are the anti-hockey crowd except on the show.
And Gelly would like to be in there, but he'll get slapped to side by Randy Moor and everybody
else too.
I'm going to slap him around a little bit today because he deserves it.
He's out of control.
His ego has just become so massive in vivid.
I don't know if I should do all 82 games in too long season.
How can I do the games and stand?
The morning sure is the main thing.
See, that's why he wants to get off the morning show too.
A two-prong thing.
First of all, he desperately wants to get away from...
Howard from Boca's we can understand easily.
So does everybody else.
I'll tell you our good friend.
Howard from Boca.
He's so desperate to find an ally that he's even sucking up to the beast now.
How do you like that?
Do you hear that?
No.
Oh yeah.
Another great update by my good friend, the beast.
He's a hell of a guy.
A whale of a guy.
I'm about to...
All this other crap.
He's sucking up to him because he can't find anybody who will...
Now that Gelly turned on...
Howard from Boca.
What does he got left?
He's got no allies.
That's...
That's so sad.
You got us.
That's right.
We're chums.
Relatively speaking, I think we're pretty tight with our good friend.
Howard from Boca.
Because Joe Rose just...
I mean, Joe would just need sooner blow his brains out than even look at him.
No, he would.
He would just assume grab that piece that must grab off his head and just...
But I'll bang just...
Yeah.
Do that.
As look at them all ever again.
Because Joe is a little bit p-oated.
Howard from Boca.
Just in general.
Not anything specific that I know of.
Just in general.
Just life, I believe.
So anyway, the whole thing goes on and Gelly wants to do the games.
He doesn't know if he wants to do all the games with his quick evil.
He said, go!
It's a go!
But anyway.
I just somehow can't envision that.
I know he did that one game when Chris Moron was in New Jersey or something, you know?
And couldn't make it back.
And I went to bed for Gelly.
Remember those days?
Back in the day.
And I was when Christina Moron.
Anybody would have been a big improvement over Christina.
I mean, now that we got Joe's McDonald being put out to pasture.
And by the way, it's just their radio show, Joe.
It's quick being so sensitive.
Quick being a grumpy old man.
Just like...
Howard from Boca.
They'll say bad things about you.
You don't want to do that.
And let me show you otherwise.
I mean, you're fine record over all those years, including the two years in Toronto
where they rode you out of town on a rail.
You don't want to do that, Jigs.
What?
What are you smirking about?
That's true.
You think real hockey fans like the Maple Leaf fans, who listen, especially after being
honored with a great Joe Bulland, who listen to the jugs McDonald, my god.
That's like a slap in the face.
That's what that is.
To real hockey fans.
How many of those we got here?
About third man.
Yeah.
It sounds like I'm rambling, I am.
But that's okay.
Yeah.
I'm just in a rambling mood.
I'm a rambling guy today.
I'm like Bob's, the Hibbleman.
Yeah.
I'm a rambling man, right?
A pup...
A pup...
A pup...
A pups?
Nine minutes while we're excited because we're waiting for our ponytails, Jeff Cohen, to bring
us food to them.
Actually, we're going to break a longstanding fast and on the air fast.
Haven't had food in here while I'm here in a long time.
No.
But today we'll make an exception because you got stiffed.
You're not fooling us, ponytail.
You're not fooling me.
I'll take you that.
George was in here with Josh yesterday, polishing is the Chinese saying, dying for food,
just starving to death.
And they were going to get some.
If you want food, give it, give it the order to a real man.
Which had a skipping, okay?
Anybody who's a bigger shrimp than you are.
A smaller shrimp.
A smaller shrimp than you are.
See him is not somebody that you give a major league man's job like getting the food
in here.
He could have just said that Jeff didn't want to have anything to do with you.
No, but you see you're assuming that he cared.
No, I'm not assuming that he cared.
He told him, oh, Neil's going to be back tomorrow bringing food tomorrow.
So is he cool on that?
That was it as far as giving us.
He doesn't care about you.
He's got lots of friends.
He doesn't care.
He could have just said that.
I understand.
But he doesn't have way no other than that.
He doesn't care about you enough to tell you that though.
Because it has to be true that then you could have called somebody and they would have
brought it.
He told you, Ira, right?
Or all of a sudden, you might have said he's substance.
Where experts are getting free food in here.
Everybody knows that.
We're both feeling faint.
Yeah.
Josh had to eat Chef Boyard's spaghetti.
Yeah?
Well, I'll tell you one of them.
I'll tell you because I know he likes the...
Yeah.
But that's beside the point.
I couldn't get any.
I see.
Maybe Jeff will bring you some of those.
Tell me that's bad.
And by the way, I'm not putting you on the airpony tail.
Not after your brutal behavior of George and Josh yesterday.
That was very, very acceptable.
I mean, no, because if he'd brought you food yesterday, he wouldn't come back.
The only reason I want him here today is because we have no more so than.
No more so then.
Back in the day.
In the salad days, the glory days.
If I can say that.
Can I say glory?
No.
Well, we used to have all these people bring this like South Alcone, who would bring us
that great, the sole water, the bottle water straight from Italy, all of the stuff that
used to come in here.
And it was great when when people liked this.
But now we've got so many people that he does like poison, or at least he hates you like
poison.
Right.
And so I have to suffer for it these few weeks a year when I'd bother coming back here.
I have to suffer.
I mean, the cupboard is bare.
Look, usually there used to be cartons piled up to the ceiling with free water and free
the snack all kinds of stuff.
You're not here.
Why should they drink?
Yeah, they don't like you.
Like Skippy.
They don't care about you.
They're small potatoes.
Oh, my own soda.
That's fine.
Yeah.
Like that.
No, it's got caffeine in it.
I don't want that.
That's why I bought it.
Because you keep eating that caffeine and you'll find things growing in your...
Backed home.
That's what they told me yesterday at the clinic.
That's right.
I could explain things.
They said we see like evidence of caffeine in your...
Backed home.
But we can't talk about it like because that might then the next logical step is that
Duff spot about painful...
Cache.
Attention, man.
Painful vacation.
I mean, def... def... def... def...
Cache.
Is not what they call it when like a death guy gets some time off from work at def...
Cache.
I think that's what they call it.
Anyway.
What do you think?
It's painful, you're right.
He's a nutkin at Pantheid job.
Not if I have anything to do with it.
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
VOOM is not just your ordinary regular TV.
Anybody can see that.
But it's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so sharp, it's almost like you could reach in there and just...
...tickle your athletes right on the solar plexus.
VOOM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
VOOM has got the most HD TV anywhere and they provide you all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HDV experience, including the satellite dish.
HD receiver and the remote.
I bet you're... I know who'd like one of those.
Howard from Boka.
And VOOM is God.
Over 30 channels.
Stop 30, man.
Of HD programming, you can watch ESPN and high definition.
That's three times more HD TV channels than you get from cable.
They got all your other favorite channels too, like HB-O-M-T-V.
Even your local Yoko channels, which are mighty sad.
VOOM's got over 120 channels of great entertainment.
They got exclusive channels also of HD movies, music, and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company.
So with VOOM, you get all the stuff you got now plus all these awesome high definition channels to enjoy.
Call VOOM today, make your HD TV set worthwhile.
Call them toll free at 1-866-848-8666 or visit VOOM.com for a limited time offer that includes free installation, no upfront cost, no long term commitment.
Call 1-866-848-8666 or go to VOOM.com to start VOOMing today and you better do it right away because today is what? 21st?
10 more days offer ends May 31.
My life and love, this is Fort Real Vice City.
Way to A.
We macken on, this is Joe Bohr in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Something that we know they did not do, push up our unnoticed occupation.
Now we're all screwed, and there's garbage feed, let's end free to bring.
And I elect from my barbed wire to their face, and those they get amazed, slack them in a pile.
There's a code at home and say cheese and smile, over-sleeve all that scrapest parts, here.
In rest they know atrocities or fives, like the first you only follow orders.
Look what we've become, Canada's company, barely that full die.
That's what hurt like rocker on a Saturday night.
But it's listening.
10-18 at 5-60 WQM, happy Friday to you.
We got the Mad Dog at 2, I'm looking at this, ad Hooters in the Pines, no less.
But that's got a little change in it, change the pace, change the place.
Why not?
Humber in the studio, 4-7 this afternoon, the Hebrew hammer, Henry Goldberg, Marlon's on Deck at 7, and he won a game last night to start to turn things around.
Kind of like when I was at the Doctor yesterday, he said, turn that thing around.
Now it's bad when they're behind there, and you can't, they make you hunched down over that table, and they got like three of them behind you.
And they have that like cloth over your neck.
You can't see what's going on back there, and you feel these instruments release your praying that they're really are instrument.
Anyway, we can't go into it.
Boogin from Ad Dog today.
To Dooply.
A boog is in for the Mad Dog.
Was that clearance on the phone?
Yeah.
Well, how come when he was in here before, scratching his private, why didn't he tell us about that before?
Obviously, I don't want to see you scratching your private.
Did you notice that when he was in here?
Thank God no.
I guess he was aroused because he had seen the beast in the hallway a couple of times.
Yeah.
Yes!
Maybe that's why the beast's head was glowing when he came in here before.
Shiny.
Just like one of them bugs, them, what do they call those?
The little ones that light up like, you know, oh the fireflies.
Fireflies, yeah.
Like a cross between a firefly and a fruit fly.
Maybe you got a fresh bug.
That's what moss is.
Anyway, what was I just saying before we got sidetracked?
Something very important, and you like got me all off on that clearance crap about him scratching his crotch.
What were we talking about?
I don't know.
Yeah, we were about guilty not getting that Panther job.
Oh, I don't know if I'm going to do all 82 games.
It's a long schedule and I want to let you know.
Man, quit belly.
I can and you're not going to get it anyway because I'm sure that Randy Mordor is going to stick it to you.
That's the room where the Joe started this morning.
That there's a real riff there going on.
You know, let's spice it up a little bit for that Panther organization.
They're like a .7 share on this radio station.
I mean, if we lost the Panther broadcast, wouldn't that be bad?
No.
Huh?
To like a station that really cares about hockey, which we don't.
Maybe that Carl bananas fostering put it on his 5 watt station at night.
Then nobody can hear.
Huh?
Still probably have the same 20 people listen.
Because anybody that cares about the Panthers, we're watching it on the TV, right?
Everyone here's some old funny dirty guy like Jug MacDonald, old MacDonald.
And now that he's hanging it up, plus there may not be any season next year anyway.
It all may be a moot point, right?
I'm sure.
That's what you said.
In fact, I got a good idea.
Let Geldie, this may be the solution.
Let Geldie go up into broadcast booth and just practice all season.
There you go.
Pretend there's a game on.
You know what I'm saying?
And make it excited.
You're like that.
And it's a goal.
What's a goal?
Like, make sounds like that.
Geldie, I don't think so.
I mean, if they really have 50 tapes from real broadcasts,
is that leaves you up in a cold man?
I'm telling you.
I don't want to pee on your parade, Geldie, because you're not a really bad guy,
but you just out of control.
You need to be put back in your place a little bit, especially the way you treated our good friend.
Howard from Boca.
Yeah.
He was, I don't know whether Moe was still in that room this morning,
or you're getting your car washed?
These guys, you know, they're going to see your car again.
You give him your keys.
He can take it up a little bit.
That's all right, dude.
Man, I saw him driving a Cadillac Sivila right up seventh avenue coming to work.
Take it.
You don't want that one anyway.
It's a piece of crap.
Anyway, oh no, actually, it's an ice vehicle.
They got it from Kim Bockampers University, Doc.
You would have that big cow out in front.
AC sure blows cold now.
Anyway.
Morris, in our audience, faxes me a whole long thing, which Morris, you know,
I knew he had a send it to somebody.
The other day, Rush Limbaugh actually said that Al Qaeda wants John Kerry to defeat W.
Just now he knows how he knows another question.
Maybe he divided in an narcotic induced reverie.
Nice thought, Morris.
Anyway, I was so incensed, I wrote it, rebuttaled it in the world to send it.
So I'm faxing it to you.
Hope you enjoy it.
Well, I probably won't enjoy it because I don't have time to read it, Morris.
But thanks for getting it off your chest and being pissed off and fired up.
And especially, here's one Jewish guy that's going to vote for Kerry.
Morris, thank God for that.
Because I'm encountering all of these Jews for Hitler.
Everybody, I talk to this week.
See, this business about how he panders to Israel because he's going to get the Jewish vote.
And they're saying, oh, no, he's not going to do that.
I think they're wrong.
I think he is going to get, at least here in Florida, the people I'm talking to.
Ethnic pandering, working in politics.
No, no, but seriously, I mean, people who have been lifelong Democrats supposedly,
although the people I've been talking to are more like an involved in the financial field,
which means that they're like, they don't really care about all these other issues,
or really about Israel.
That's just an excuse because they're selfish.
And they want to get more tax breaks for the rich, things like that.
There you go.
That's really weird.
Yeah.
It gives a bad image to the rest of us Jews who aren't cheap penny-pitching, you know, that stereotype.
Nickel shaving.
Right.
Oh, nickel shaving.
Todd Rex back in the Asale Department right now, shaving it.
Yeah.
In fact, it's a good thing that he never worked at IOD back in the day,
because if Steve Nickel would have been the PD, he probably would have shaved him too.
With a straight razor.
Oh, good.
Good. Now that I'd like to see.
One thing about Steve Nickel, man, he sure had a nose for town.
What should happen to the, this was George's poll question yesterday,
and your response was so outrageous and unacceptable, I'm just embarrassed for you.
WQA, yes sir.
So good now.
No, I don't think so.
That sounded like your friends, didn't it?
What of them?
Well, you got so many.
I know I don't mind.
I don't want to talk about your mugworms, okay?
If you've got speaking, let's just speak, you know, or even a couple of words of it.
But otherwise, I'm not going to waste my time with it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes. Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
Does it bother anybody that a guy who has no minor league experience than what two broadcasts
is now up for a major play-life play-time?
Father's down a lot on May outside of it, when there are a lot of really great broadcasters out there.
See, the only problem being in this town, or reason that doesn't bother anybody,
but including that idiot Jim Sarni at the Sunset was because they don't know anything about hockey anyway.
But you think that Jim Sarni would know a good hockey broadcaster?
Probably not, but here's the point.
You're championing rightfully so the fact that people don't pay their dues to get up in the business
and that people who are actually devoted to working in the business get passed over all the time.
Well, this is a classic example.
You've got a squeaky voice punk who's done nothing.
Nothing!
His whole career took me the right place.
Oh, you're giving a part of spankin, man.
In fact, maybe we should do that all day.
Call in and spank y'all day a little bit.
He deserves it.
You must spank him.
So it's basically promotion by attrition, is that it?
Well, let me just make one suggestion to you.
Okay, I don't want to say too loud.
I think he might work cheap.
Really?
Think about that.
Think about the Panther coaching selection last year, remember that?
But you're saying other broadcasters in small markets who wouldn't work at a smaller salary level wouldn't come here?
They would probably chop off their right leg.
They would just like all that crowd so they could do the game.
He read.
It's got to be just, you know, infest you.
Well, be sure to tell that to the director of broadcasting Randy Moulter, okay?
Because I'm sure he's looking for any excuse to not yell his name off of that list.
Is he sober?
See ya.
Bye.
Well, there you go.
There's a guy who makes a good point.
I think it's spank y'all day Friday.
I'm really excited to forget about it Friday, which didn't go over too big.
That was on the...
Howard from Broken.
But I think that spank y'all day Friday might just impact on him.
Who will enjoy that too?
Howard from Broken.
I was like, oh, yeah.
So I started to say this before and interrupted myself because I'm on drugs, I think, today.
But, uh, Gildi was out there in a hall with a blockhead with Joe Rose.
And they were...
No, I was confabulating with him briefly when I came in this morning because I don't see them very often, which is fine.
I mean, at least in Gildi's case, which is fine.
I like Joe.
But, uh...
Why are you making a face when I said that?
No, I told myself a joke I never heard that.
Oh, yeah.
But anyway, and they're knocking.
They're ripping Moulter.
I don't know whether he was still in the studio or he was on his way out the door to that...
Whatever he was driving this morning, the Jeep or something.
What was that thing?
Who was talking to Humvee?
Huh?
An armoured fan.
Howard from Broken.
That's who we're talking about.
So he might have already been gone.
Because they were...
They were standing right outside that studio there where he sits in there and adjust his peace.
And they were like ripping him and ass.
I guess that was just to amuse me.
Is that what it was?
No!
Oh!
Anyway, one of them Joe said that it was very amusing.
I don't find Gildi too amusing.
I find him to be a very unnerving, disturbing little twerp.
Anyway.
Well, what...
There's that face again.
You keep me going.
Oh, boy.
26 after 10.
No, seriously, if they're going to be a Panther Broadcaster, we don't want somebody like this...
Like this caller just said, it was an excellent call.
We don't want beginners.
Okay.
There are a lot of people who have paid their dues.
They broadcast minor league hockey.
They broadcast maybe in Canada where they really understand the game.
Let's get a real broadcaster in here.
I mean, of course, here most of these people would know Joe Bowen from Jimmy Bowen.
You know, even George knows Joe Bowen.
Yeah, because we got droughts.
There you go.
26 past 10 at 5.
60 WQ, if you're still afraid to buy a bet over the phone, what are you waiting for?
Because for over 25 years, millions of people have dialed 1-800-MATTRES
for the lowest prices on the best brands in betting.
The easiest possible way to buy you a great mattress.
This is it.
There's no risk because if it's not perfect in every way, if you don't love it,
just call them back for a full comfort exchange.
It's completely free within 30 days.
No extra fees, no strings attached.
dial-mactrises rank number one in customer satisfaction,
and they were winners of the 2004 Better Business Local Torch of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-MATTRES, you'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule,
and the best customer service in the business.
So why would you waste any of your time and money,
schlepping from showroom to showroom?
It's strictly a waste of time.
It's for suckers.
dial-mactrises has the complete line of seely,
serda, king coircements, tempera peat against stirons and foster a hewitt.
From kennel to steward, and with foster a hewitt,
from Palm Beach to Ford Myers, and Chuck Myers as well,
dial-mactrises can deliver the finest betting around.
Chuck Myers, by the way, that morning show suck, Chuck.
It was bad.
And those interviews.
Oh, but you need to do this smart thing,
like everybody else at QM is doing,
if you want a great night's sleep at a great price,
top goods, call dial-mactrised 1-800-MATTRES,
just one easy call, and they'll be there when you want.
1-800-MATTRES, or online, it's mattress.com.
My, and locals, this is Fort Real Phi City.
Way, way.
Why the, you bastard?
Oh, my God.
I'm 10-boy Latoya with your telebook,
exposing the Jackson family you're a coup.
But naked and playboy, you beard all for some cash.
Oh, right.
You're more suited for the inquire girl, your trash.
All the dead, all the Jackson's you tell.
Michael and his movie, Juicy Star.
Yeah, with all his witness,
you may might see normal.
Girls, you shut up.
Tap on the tall, you're downless and lame.
Time to make a sleazy book of your family's names.
You're here.
10-32 at 560 WQL on a great Friday,
boy, it's really some kind of a sensational day.
You ought to see all the stuff, all the crap that's going on,
the hallways and this building.
Now, this is why it's good for me to come back.
One, not too often, just once in a while,
and see the kind of lunacy that goes on in the name of business in here.
And that's right.
You're making faces in the wagon, your tongue all around,
but that's about what this place is all about.
It is just a nut house.
Anyway, what should happen to the soldiers in the Iraq Prisoner Abuse scandal,
which, of course, the Washington Post has released all those new
grotesque pictures today, including moving pictures.
Yes, 1,544 votes.
Absolutely.
It is a disgrace, your response to this.
It is just a grotesque and unacceptable when you come right down to it.
Prison time in a dishonorable discharge, 757, 49.1%.
I like the 77 myself better.
Nothing they were just following orders, 516.
We know about people who follow orders.
They should all get a medal.
This right here, 242, 15.6%,
who think that these soldiers who abuse the Iraqi should get a medal,
15.6%, you people need very, very, very serious, like a slap.
That's what you need.
The surprises.
I'm beating.
Yes.
Really?
It didn't surprise you?
No.
They should get a medal?
That's why I put it on there.
I knew that 70 to 90% of those Iraqis that were in that prison were not guilty of anything.
They've already let 750 of them go.
They were terrorists.
Oh, I see.
They bombed those people in the lab.
Yeah.
Life in prison 24.
So 15.6% think that this is a wonderful thing.
And let's continue abusing because let's face it, there are a bunch of ragheads anyway.
Right.
And we're pissed off at them.
So let's abuse them.
Matter of fact, I'm an abuser.
Let's pick it up a notch.
But of course, if that's your philosophy, then why the hell are we letting all of our people over there being...
What are we doing trying to free them and having our people being killed?
Using that excuse that it's, you know, trying to bring democracy and feeling that chalabee.
How long have I been screaming about him?
About 30 years.
About chalabee?
Or chalabee harb, you want to say it?
They keep changing the pronunciation like Tony Dursett.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, if they rated his home.
And didn't we have the story on the website?
I had it on there myself many, many, many days ago if you read our crap on there.
That he was feeding secrets to Iran.
He's buddies with the Iranians.
On the one hand, he's good buddies with Dick Cheney.
But then every crooks good buddies with Dick Cheney.
And on the other hand, he's buddies with the Iranians.
He was feeding them top secret information, helping them build on Obama Grande.
And he's the guy that we were going to put in charge.
Oh, we don't think so.
Again, just like the pictures, it's the same thing.
They keep getting caught when they're just like I was at the doctor yesterday with their pants down.
Well, they've got a lot more than three people standing behind him in line waiting.
Kind of like just like muff.
Wow.
Oh, somebody faxes you this.
Well, no, this is for you with this.
I'm sci-fi fantasy pool ideas for George.
And they can spell you with a GM with a J.
And by the way, skip me or like you?
Oh, gee.
No, of course you don't like anybody.
He's only interested.
Like most of the people in this building, he's only in it for himself.
If he can siphon off the commission on any account that he inherited,
name me one new account that he sold on the meal Roger Show.
How long has he been on this working in this joint?
A yearish?
Okay.
Name me one new account he sold on this show.
I mean, you got Adam.
Adam has sold a bunch.
Adam's always selling new accounts.
In fact, Adam is one of the few people we got that goes out there and beats the bush and brushes and comes up with new accounts.
Our joy, huh?
Well, you're not supposed to say that.
I'm supposed to get true like that.
I'm not that quick.
I don't have it on a button like that.
Oh, I like that one.
Yeah, give another spanking, Randy Morris.
He's spanking Gelly.
He's got him over the edge of the table right now.
And spanking both cheeks.
Spacem.
Oh, man.
I bet you even judge would like to come back and see that one time.
I bet you judge me soundly to find a Gelly either.
I don't know why.
And then of course there's Rhymer.
Well, we'll get to the article, the Jim Sarny piece.
I'm just getting way behind you, which is good.
This will kill a couple of hours real fast.
1130.
No, that's much too late.
1130, my ass, Kippy.
Boy, you are useless.
What?
Name me a new account that you sold on the show since you've been here.
Name me one.
He's standing there in the doorway.
He's back here out of the doorway.
And now the door is closing and he's on the other side of it.
How do you like that, huh?
He ain't no true.
I'll tell you that.
In fact, he ain't no anybody.
He ain't even old fat boy.
Yeah, he just backs out the door.
Oh, he's...
Listen, we just expose the baker.
This is a man who came in here.
Now, Scrooan has got a thing for him because I understand he's got something she likes.
I don't know.
A pretty mouth.
Yeah.
But the bottom line is all he did was inherit a bunch of accounts that other people sold
or that I've had on the year for 100 years.
He comes in here and he's siphoning off the commission.
So now Jeff is going to be with our food and our so-it-1130.
Now, let me just say this.
Okay.
I don't want to get anybody nervous, especially some of the nervous nellies in middle-level management.
But look at my mug.
I'm not that one.
Mm-hmm.
I've got about three quarters of a mug full of dials.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
When it's gone, I'm gone.
Right.
How are you told him off that this morning?
He thought I was joking.
I can't do a show.
I don't know about you.
I have to keep sipping because...
No, anybody who's s-
You have to wet your palate.
Sure.
You can't do it with dry throat.
I mean, everybody like deep throat, but nobody likes dry throat.
Right.
And four of those during the course of the show.
Maybe.
Yeah, I would say that's about right.
One of them.
Which is the cancer when you're all that big, but one an hour.
Right.
I would say that.
And of course, it's not all that good for it, but then again, I'm still alive.
And I guarantee you my test to be a lot better than some of you much younger pubs out there.
Did you bring picture?
And you want to know why?
Oh, yeah.
I brought you some inside pictures of my leg.
Backed them.
Just like that one.
Yeah, I know.
It's like something else.
We have a picture of each end.
Anyway, so here's some sci-fi.
I'll show it away.
Yeah.
I mean, see, whoever's an insult to Georgia makes it seem like he's some kind of an overgrown child with that restriction stuff.
Okay.
Which in a way he is, but he don't want to do that in a year.
Well, let's suds do that.
Snippets.
Here's today's poll.
Well, we'll get to it in a minute.
I see he's already got it up there.
Well, he wants to get that up there so he can go do his thing.
Okay.
He's probably pretty pissed off here.
I've been wasted 40 minutes now.
Not even getting to the, you know, well, I'll do it in my own good time.
How do you like that, Fatso?
I'll do it when I get around to it.
I got some big fish to fry here today, including one.
He's just out of control.
Now that Jim Sarni wrote that piece, he was in here this morning.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
He should go.
What should go?
And hit the pose.
And hit the pose.
Now look at that.
Hit the pose.
I mean, come on.
That's squeaky voice piece.
I mean, you don't have to have a great voice to be a hockey player or a sports broadcaster.
You have to have a distinctive voice, but you don't want to have a grating, annoying voice.
See, that's a difference.
See, the difference between a distinctive voice and a great voice.
And a grating, annoying voice.
Squeaky voice, like, oh, like that.
Wow.
No, necessarily.
There was actually a chill went up and down my spine when I heard, oh, God.
I mean, the idea of listening to a hockey game was something doing that for like two and a half, three hours.
Oh, wow.
It just, uh, well, you know something, Geldy, whatever crap we give you today, you deserve it.
All right.
And then the rumor from the organization is from inside the organization is that he's called up.
He called up people out of the phone book out of the Miami phone directory and Broward also.
So when you think, should I take that passage, I'm not having offered it to me.
What do you think?
Everybody, like, like, like this is what all of our lives are revolving around is.
And of course, nobody told him to go get his wife pregnant twice.
They could have waited a little bit, right?
Well, I think I can't stand these guys who like get their wives pregnant when they can't afford to be, uh, I'm sorry.
Sure.
Sorry.
Well, no, she, I mean, she pulled a fast one on you.
Right.
Is if I have to tell you that the whole world knows it.
And ever, she has no shame, see?
No.
She's a woman.
Just like Teresa on passions.
Of course, now they get the blood test and we find out you'll see today that she actually is pregnant.
But of course, it's not the eggs from, uh, Gwen that she lost that baby.
She's pregnant by Ethan now is the deal on passions, which I know you're watching very closely.
Mm hmm.
And who the hell is that?
The Paloma that's coming back to a harmony.
La Paloma.
La Paloma Blanca.
La Paloma Blanca.
I don't know.
It's bizarre.
But then again, don't let me forget in a couple of weeks to do a poll about phrases and cliches.
We've done it before, but I have to do it again.
There are people hate you know the one that bothers me a lot speaking of sports casting and sports nerds.
Small ball.
Oh, I see you wouldn't understand.
I know I do.
It's a baseball.
Sure.
And as opposed to like having home run hitters in line of you got a bunch of guy that hit singles and bunts and sacrifice and, you know,
they scratch out a small ball.
Now the booster.
I love boot.
He's great.
He's a good guy and he's also great at what he does as opposed to they've been boring with terminal.
But he says that to it.
And well, don't do it.
Please, booster.
You're a great broadcaster.
You don't need to say stupid cliches like small ball.
I mean, if you see Gully.
Although I hear things.
19 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Well, we can't say the Olings anymore.
We can't talk about the size of this or better.
But small ball.
Oh.
Kind of like our general manager, small ball.
Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost that Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
That's what it's all about, making some cash.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
And outsourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you take your time to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
So do the smart thing.
Little Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable.
If you'd like a free evaluation column toll free, the call won't even cost you dime.
No obligation.
Call 1-866 at Oasis and they'll explain what they can do for you.
For Oasis outsourcing, call 1-866-286-2747.
5-666-2566.
The radio's on your side.
Q-A-N.
The radio's on the screen.
The radio's on the screen.
The radio's on the screen.
The radio's on the screen.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands that choke.
Your scroll comes guilty.
Jelvy.
Jelvy.
Jelvy.
Your lucky management don't care.
Jelvy.
You don't belong there on the air.
Jelvy.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Lost anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
Absolutely.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
L-K-L-D.
L-D.
When you're gone and grow up.
You think I want to throw up.
You feel a squeaky boom.
Go to broadcasting school.
Your pretty, you bastard.
Boys make you sound like a punks.
You're a punks.
I'm listening.
You're a punks.
You're a punks.
Silly people, I'll give you an example.
Cam Dennerbrook.
We like Cam a lot.
It used to be a sales guy at IOD.
And Tom, of course, has been a clear channel all these things.
He's had the rough life.
Most guys that like to e-card living in a sales business.
Now he's working for 850 up there with Bob Eisenberg.
And anybody else whose name ends in Berg?
Dennerbrook, Eisenberg, Goldberg, etc.
Anyway.
Now there's a guy who's a silly guy.
He doesn't take himself like real seriously.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
Tom Dennerbrook understands his place in life.
He's just one of those silly people.
And we like Tom.
But like Gelly is a silly person.
But he takes himself seriously.
That's the difference, Steve.
Yeah.
Well, I don't want to spank you too much on a era.
But Randy Moor told me to do it.
I ripped that kid in the ass and put him back in his place.
Knock him down a couple of nachos.
Nachos.
Nachos.
Anyway.
Got a lot of stuff to do here today, including eat.
Man, oh man, this is great.
It's Friday.
It's Friday.
You're about to get out of here.
I'm getting a hell out of here.
Well, it was a party.
It was nice to see you and see in your purple piece.
You're comfortable with the people.
You got all the things done that you wanted done, right?
Yes.
Anyway.
Oh boy, you are dangerous.
You are dangerous.
In fact, you ever see George and Fat Rich together?
No.
Same person.
Look for the QM van that I had six to eight for a cigar tasting event.
These Stokey cigars.
By the way, I love a big cigar.
Big fat stone.
Not any kind of a cigar.
Good one bad one for New York one, but they will kill you.
Anyway, a cigar tasting event at Stokey cigars at 11612 North Kendall Drive.
Stopped to spin the wheel for Marlon Tickets.
Other prizes as well.
That's at Stokey's.
Six to eight to nine Kendall 170 there.
And I guarantee you Miguel will be there for that.
Probably.
He likes a Stokey.
Sure he does.
I can't tell you what he does with it.
I can.
Well, tomorrow afternoon, look for the QM van from 111.
It's Santa Rosa marble located at 3400 North West 77th Court, Miami.
Also, George will be out.
I don't know you were coming out this weekend.
George will be out from noon to two at Bill Siles.
Boulevard the savings on Northwest 36th Street in Miami.
He is now the famous Georgia so much a guy.
Not just he's actually got a name attached to the so much a guy.
Stopped by to win really marginal, very embarrassing prizes.
But enjoy really good free food from El adding city subs in our close friend Ira,
whom we love very, very much.
He's a good guy unlike his former partner Scott.
Scott's still there.
I haven't seen him.
Good.
And on Sunday, George will be a day land Chevrolet boy.
You're going to be busy this week.
I'm going to be going.
David Land Chevrolet at 8455 South Dixie highway in South Miami.
Stopped by to spin the wheel for prizes.
And enjoy free food from El adding city subs in one problem with his promo.
That is, it doesn't have a time.
Do we have a time for your food?
No, you do, I do believe.
No, no, no, no.
I don't want to pick out Miguel because he generally means well,
even though he's very confused and overly Cuban,
but obsessed with Fidel and all that crap.
But no, no, no, I guess Sunday.
See, that would be a good idea to put that in there instead of all the commercial stuff they stick in there.
Yeah.
All the free plugs.
Oh, we'll give you a hundred mentions on there.
Anyway, the reason I'm doing this poll today,
which some people already are voting on,
it Couseric is very impatient and he's done his part,
is because here in the inquire,
what has a list?
It has a list.
Magazine picks the craziest celebrities.
I added one.
Did you?
I see that.
And H and yeah.
But I can't vote.
But I did.
Anyway, who do you think is the all-time, craziest celebrity?
Michael Jackson's got 35.
Courtney loves got four.
Azziasmo in three.
None yet for Sidvicious or Anne Hayshad of the first 42 votes.
But we'll get a lot more names for the poll.
A lot more votes will start coming in, etc.
So now behind the beaded curtain today.
Look at this.
It's almost 11 o'clock already.
I'm just getting around to our beaded curtain.
By the way, Skippy, tell Ponytail to step on it, okay?
No, well, look at it.
I got a half a mug.
I better get a die.
I'm dying so ready.
Oh, and when the soda's gone, I'm out.
I'm out of here.
I told Muthat this morning you had a thought he'd run to the soda machine
or at least to Walgreens.
You know, tied me over just to make sure.
I guess you thought I was fun on him, okay?
It was a fucking joke.
I paid broadcast your like me.
Don't say that.
I'm not going to do damage to my throat.
My livelihood.
By sitting here doing dry throat on the air.
I mean, he ought to know something about dry throat.
Attention, man.
Yeah.
Well, that's his favorite line in it.
Huh?
But anyway, you know, thought that there were maybe clearance with all that money
you saved from getting the free lunch at Char Haathia today.
He would have gone down with a couple of nigger quarters, whatever.
He got me a diet soda tied me over till Ponytail gets here.
Then of course, once Ponytail gets here, we're expected to feed the whole building.
See, that's right.
That's what works.
They give us nothing just like Joey Zazai and Godfather 3.
You give me nothing.
You don't want to give, I'll take.
Yeah, I thought we could reason together.
Oh, my God.
Eli Wallach's pretty sure.
Oh, that could be.
We've done that pull.
Haven't we the worst acting performance?
Yeah, we did that not that long ago.
But it's just it is so unspeakable.
I mean, Sophia, she can't help it.
Number one, she's grotesque.
She's got that huge honker.
And number two, she's not an actress.
She's not thrust in the industry.
She was just the director's daughter.
That's all.
But Eli Wallach, what is his excuse?
He's been acted for a zillion years for about 30,000 more.
Like about 300.
You know, they'd be rewatched some of his old stuff.
And we'd find out that he was just a bad actor.
He was never a good actor.
No, I don't agree with your man.
Not, well, was he?
Never good as far as I know.
But not like that though.
Nothing was like that.
Not that bad.
That was his peak.
The good part.
In fact, even when he was croaking on Connie's canolees there,
he did it badly.
Remember, remember, she was looking with the glasses, you know,
with the opera, and she's looking with the little glasses,
and he's like, he's only ever melodramatic.
I noticed.
Keep on it.
Holy, holy, but first of all, nobody in Italy would say that.
Nobody anywhere in Italy would say that.
First of all, it was just a loaf of bread that he probably pulled out of his ass.
I mean, it was just, you know, out of the donkey's ass.
And then, holy, holy, but like it's a big surprise, like you know,
he used olive oil and Sicily.
I mean, wow.
What a concept.
It's just, well, the script didn't help either.
Yeah.
That was part of the problem.
Maybe they should hurt you.
It was, it was, actually, maybe it was a comedy.
We just didn't realize it.
Let's go watch it again.
Joey!
Zaza!
I did like, I don't like Andy Garcia all that much,
but I did like him there and I was, he went down the horse.
He's what?
He's a good actor.
He is?
Yeah, I thought we were in the untuckable.
Yeah, he's a good actor.
He was a good actor.
He was a chorus.
He was great.
He was good in that.
What else is he good at?
What else is he good at?
What else is he good at?
What else is he good at?
It'll come to me.
Don't ever give an order like that again.
It was not what I wanted.
Hey, Michael, how about some cake for your diabetic coma condition?
Anyway.
Who's that actor, a very great actor who played the apope that, uh,
and that's a true story, by the way, they killed the liberal pope.
They didn't like that.
Who's that guy?
I'm waiting for your great actor.
Huh?
You can look it up on Ian.
I'm pretty sure he's dead.
Probably.
He was good.
Anyway, it'll take me an hour, but I'll be behind to be the curtain if you want to get all excited for the weekend.
Stephanie Seymour is on there.
That ain't enough of no slouch.
And maybe if you look close enough, you will see more.
Stephanie Seymour was born July 23rd, 1968.
That makes her 32 and 436.
Less, uh, a couple of months.
She's 35, almost 36, getting order by the minute.
Uh, she got her big break in March 1991, while shooting a sexy spread.
Can we say that?
No, no, no, no.
The shooting a sexy, for a playable and Florida beach.
Just four months after having her first child, Dylan.
Did you know that?
No.
What now you do?
And then the then 22-year-old Grace the cover of Vogue, UK.
Vogue.
Seymour's rise, however, began at age 14 when she modeled for local newspapers and department stores in her hometown of San Diego.
14.
She entered the elite look of the year contest.
Got the first prize.
She walked her runways of Europe for two years, and in 1993, appeared in Playboy's Valentine issue.
In 1994, Seymour hit Superstardom, and two striking photo shoots with famed photographer Richard Abedon for egoist and Versace jeans.
That year, Paris matched Nink of the most beautiful model.
She also began a longstanding link to Victoria's Secret.
Oh, but I don't see that show no more.
Mm-hmm.
Because the religion is the goody-two-shoes that crazy people leave.
They don't make sure that they ain't going to be on the more that Victoria's Secret Show.
You might see a boobier-two on there, or something you shouldn't be seeing.
Underwear.
And appeared on the covers of Sports Illustrated, Elle, Self and Vogue, Vogue.
She was in two music videos by Axel Rose, including Don't Cry in November Rain.
She is the most recognized face in swimsuit and lingerie modeling on the planet from here to Uranus.
So, do you like that?
Stephanie Seymour, behind the beaten curtain today on neorodges.com, take a puke at it, okay?
And make sure you got plenty of ID.
Because John Ascroft ain't taking no excuses.
Hold it up to the face.
He's not taking your word for it.
And make sure you hold your hands way up like, not just above the counter, but like up in the ear like it's a stick up like that.
Yeah.
Because it probably is.
Oh, he's used for Bush that I'm discovering here.
It just tears my kishki's out.
And Catholics, Catholics for Bush?
Well, that's because of that carry, you know, he's a baby killer.
Which never bothered him any of the time in the past, but he's a baby killer.
I don't get that whole deal, especially Bush's so virulently anti-Catholic.
The Pob Jones University thing.
The stuff that he did to McCain, all of this crap.
They believe the Catholics are Satan's church.
Yeah.
But they're all double words.
Well, you better show it up.
All right.
10, 57, and 5, 60, WQM.
If you're on one of those, you know what really cracks me up is this morning they had another segment with Dr. Pupta in his pants.
I'm seeing that about the Atkins diet again.
Not only is the low carb thing everywhere, but now they got every day, every show, even the comedy shows, they've got pieces on the Atkins diet.
If you're on Atkins, sugarbusters, South Beach or any of these low carb sugar redites that are just taking the world by storm right now,
you got to find a store that will give you some variety because otherwise, forget about it, you'll never stay on it.
It's boring.
But if you have some things with some taste, this is the place you can even stay on it and lose that weight.
Do you like the West Booker?
The shelves are loaded with all kinds of great stuff that are geared toward losing the most possible weight.
Not just unlike a low carb's a little bit, a cutting back, but I'm really losing weight.
The weight loss phase of low carb dieting.
Do you like, carries over a thousand great tasting products with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can really fit into a successful low carb weight loss plan?
There's spring sales in full swing right now, so stop on by the store.
There's stuff like I always tell you, really understand low carb dieting inside and out, and the lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
That's the lights of West Booker. You'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441, right next to Boston Market in Boca.
Boca, which by the way, don't get lost because it looks a lot like Tamarack.
Or column 12, what?
It looks just like Tamarack.
Or call tool free 1-877 Low Carb, that's what they'd W, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on WebItFlowCarb.com.
There's only one, but it's crap. One hell of a store, D-Lights of West Booker, your official Atkins retail center.
We're supporting you 560, UAE.
People are ice-holes.
We're so sorry, there is Rodman.
We don't stock and roll the teddies, use and green.
Or they, we're so sorry, there is Rodman.
But the panties come with snappies, use and fuel your little thing.
C'mon, Phil Jackson, notify me.
He said you're very picky, but you're dressing for the teeth.
He asked if you would buy wearing something other teeth, but your way to call.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
There you look, great target, retarded, or said, and for talk-out.
There you look, great target, and retarded, said, and for talk-out.
Fred is running, might just hit the floor, round, round.
Who is like you, the crowd, if you wanna hold it down?
Fred is running, might just hit the floor, round, round.
Bob and State don't touch the crowd, even let one play you down.
I'm listening.
Hey, you look, retarded, retarded, or said, and for talk-out.
Hey, you look, retarded, retarded, or said, and for talk-out.
Hey, you look, retarded, retarded, or said, and for talk-out.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
Hey, you look, retarded, retarded, or said, and for talk-out.
is this crazy? There's the clue. Chuck Heston man. Hey Michael Moore wants to see
again Chuck for a follow-up interview. What do you say huh? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So what do you think? Gellery for the
Panther broadcast. We don't have any hockey fans. What a game last night. Wow!
Tampa Bay actually they had that Eastern conference thing wrapped up and
Daryl Sidore highly overrated. He played a horror game all the way around. He
makes a pass right in front of his own net right out to the blue line to a
Vladimir Malikov who sticks it over to Keith Primo who sticks it right in the
net. That was so bad Daryl. Too bad it wasn't like in New York that could
all been going Daryl. Daryl it was bad. And so the flyers went in overtime which
they should have lost that game in one overtime. 6 to 5 very exciting game. And
so the series is tied three games a piece game seven in Tampa Bay tomorrow night.
You're gonna be going over for that? Sure you will for what? That hockey game
game seven of the Eastern conference final baby to see who plays Calgary. This is
go if the lightning wind and I'm sure pull them for them because I hate the
flyers. I like the lightning a lot. But if especially Brad Richards but if
lightning should win it would be Tampa Bay against Calgary in a standard cup
final. Can you imagine even you who know nothing about sports? Can you imagine
the American network now the CBC is happy because they got one Canadian team
in there. They're ecstatic. Even though nobody outside of Calgary cares about
Calgary. You think the people in Toronto you're flying crap about Calgary? No.
But your Cowboys. Much of those pickers. Calgary. Yeah Alberta. Right. Beaf people.
You know about it. But anyway so Calgary and Tampa Bay that I don't think
that'd be like a real ratings winner. But nevertheless 105 votes on air. I
better refresh this. Well no because I because I know you're adding some other
names like naturally show see you at her monitor 115 votes. Who do you think is
the all-time craziest celebrity Michael Jackson 85 nobody's gonna touch him and
who would want to Ozzy Osborne 17 Courtney loves God. Look at that. Courtney's
right up there with nine and Haitian's got three. So vicious one. None yet for
Denise Rodman Mike Tyson. Winona Ryder Ted Nugin or Charlton Heston out of the
first 115 votes. By the way it is a true story if there is a lockout and know
it in NHL season next year that Panthers in order to raise some cash will be
doing that dinner with the you know that they do over here. Usually it's
weighted. There's a puck in my soup but only in these pot family be appearing
this year. It'll be called weighted. There's a frog in my soup. Denise pot
fan what no river. Rhymer I think there's no rhyme or reason is to why they even
do that whole deal. Waiter there's a frog in my soup a dumb frog in my soup.
Oh sorry Denise there's another one for you. Hardass. That's a real yeah.
Lot of real schmucks in that organization make no mistake about it and that
Randy Moore what's that title again here it is I guess I better get to this. Jim
Sarny one of these silliest people on the face of the globe a real silly old
koot. He may know who he makes even look good. Howard from Bokeh. Right. He
makes most seem like a real upstanding old guy. That's what a jerk Jim Sarny is. Jim
why don't somebody buy him a radio so we know what that he's writing about. He
writes the Panthers hunt for a new radio voices reach the final stage with eight
candidates including WQIMs Steve Gellie Goldstein. Flying to replace Jigs
McDonald who retired at the end of the season and certainly in not a minute too
soon. Several observers believe Gellie is the out the leading candidate and
the club would be wise to pick him right Jim Sarny. Why is the pick. Gellie has
been a vital member of the Panthers broadcast team for seven years doing
pre-game and post-game shows television and filling in on play by play once. Am I
wrong about that? Did you do more than one game? Yes. He didn't he didn't fill in
on play. I mean he may have laid to fill in but he certainly didn't fill in
more than one game when Christine and Moore was being hijacked in New
Joy's Year something. He has an identity with the club and here here comes
another one of those brilliant lines that we get in South Florida and the fish
wrappers down here just like that Howard Cohen's in the big O6 one of six
wasn't hurt by loose now it's turned this is the kind of journalism you get
here and I use that to very loosely. He has an identity with the club is
involved in the community an important element in modern broadcast. Now modern
broadcasting which means that almost every radio station has got a bunch of
syndicated shows where whoever is on the air is got nothing to do with the local
community is broadcasting from four thousand miles away is either the same fat
ass limbaugh or dr. Laura one of those losers that has nothing to do with
wherever you are but an important element in modern broadcast. See all he's
doing is just sticking his tongue in Gelties. I'm definitely interested gold
scenes and we've been talking we're talking. I don't know if I want to do all 82
games though I mean a lot of games I got to do kids. The path is opening as
creative as a goal as a goal. Has it created a lot of interest around the country
it says. I know I see I just can't conceive of him really doing the games. You
know what I mean? Take a moment to think about it. No I already have I just I can't
see being the hockey maven that I am and being an expert on the great hockey
broadcasters of all time like Dan Kelly and Bill Hewitt and all the
Grigio Bowen, Michael Lang, Rick Generette and Sam Hayek and Wilson I don't put
the Geltie in that category now or ever quite frankly. If you know what I mean
not that I want to pick on him all of Joe Rose is really on the outs with him.
Joe don't watch on the show by the way Geltie. See his problem now is he's
between a crock and a hard place because he's between Howard from Bokeh and Joe
which don't know what I'm going to show so he got no chance of that. So if he
wants to keep a job with he's being very overpaid anyway. He's got to stick with
the Howard from Bokeh because he's already bringing that bridge not a good idea
right? He was what? Right? Well you know the light situation he had in there.
He was the one guy the one person that would at least tolerate Howard from Bokeh
right and so they were been on together and I think I don't know but he's just
got a feeling of hostility there that is so deep and so great he wants to get away
from Howard from Bokeh at the worst possible way so his only opportunity now is
only shot is the Panther broadcasters. Now we get the last part of this
and there's a couple more interesting things in here in Jim Sarni's pathetic
column. We received over 50 tapes and it's an impressive list said Randy
Moore the Panthers director of broadcasts. Oh my director of broadcasting is
Bozo the clown junior from Red Deer Alberta or Saskatchewan where the hell it is
and the team's radio analyst it was tough narrowing it down said Randy
Moore who told Joe Rose that was so great when he called Joe at the end of
the show. I think Joe made a lot of money. That was fun. That was great. Nice going
Joe you to man that blockhead you know when you least expected he what did I
tell you what I always said about Joe Rose. Good guy but a little bit of a back
stabber and you just don't want to be on the stabbing end which he likes me a
lot and I like him to. No you know what I'm saying right when you least
expected man he slips that knife in air and just twisted. I'm feeling good. Yeah.
Yeah. Then lightning rod can pan can Panther fans roof it a lightning they're
hated rivals and the Stanley Cup finals miss Sarni wants to know it's good for
hockey in the state more said that's the director of broadcasting for
the country's Randy Red Deer Andy Moore. The main thing is Rick Dudley built
the lighting and that's exactly what we have going with the Panthers that's
what we're going to be the blue parents right across the state right you should
live so long. The lightning would create interest in the sports throughout the
state said Jeff Reemer a Rimer the Panthers TV announcer it would be much like
696 when the Panthers win the finals the examine interest was state-wide. Does
anybody believe that? No. No. People in Tampa they could care less about us and
we feel more so only times about a thousand right. That's our feeling is
Tampa I can't play that drop in anymore. No. Not believe it very well. Well we don't
want to get muffled then other shape on her Friday. Spall or whole weekend you
know probably a conjure up ideas of heading for fantasy fest. When is fantasy
fest? Halloweenish? I don't know. Why he's probably making her plans already and
of course or province town 1113 at 560 WQ am I here now that that last
month they started the weddings in Massachusetts the room where as I already
told you this beast and clearance man are on their way right now and I'm not
talking about San Jose lobster fest is back at the amazing Emerald Coast Chinese
buffet what a place this is man. See him sees this warming up if you've never
been to the Emerald Coast you know what you're missing this is not just another
Asian buffet which is one on every street corner this is the best Emerald Coast
offers you sensational fresh delicious mouthwatering goodies like six
different kinds of soup like New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian
grill along with their new Hunan fish and then again see him enjoy main lobster
thermometer style Jonah crab oysters on a half shell and be sure and sample
their hand card prime rib and their brand new Thai specialties as well go in
there in Taiwan on there are a few features a full salad bar full Chinese food
lineup a brand new sushi bar and fresh sea and cocktail and if you have any room
after piling all of these things in your gullet check out the dessert station
because it's some dang good stuff again darn good. Bells and waffles pies cakes
pastries. See him ice cream with all your favorite top things and first food the
perfect ending to a real pick out don't forget no MSG no cornstarch everything is
made with the best possible ingredients including even all cholesterol for
you all's to three Emerald Coast locations in sunrise sunny hours Pembroke
pines so take the whole family of book your next business lunch in right now
and let the folks at Emerald Coast cook up a storm for you take out and
the library is always available to ask Richard at Emerald Coast what do you think
of the fill it off your flyers he said it hubbum and dread voted number one
by Zagat restaurant reviews and WSVN news has south Florida's best Asian
buffet you eat there once you agree you'll be going back to pick out again in
the game Emerald Coast for information or directions call 954 5723822 that's
him 954 572 3822
Good morning Sony music
tell me McTorley please
Mrs. Colling
is the king of pop come again no thank you
and this is in regards to it's a personal matter
please hold
hello hello it's Michael who did tracking no that's Michael Johnson all the
basketball guy no that's Michael Jordan well who is this I am going to protest
you and your devil like qualities with my fans hey newsflash freak boy you
don't have any fans otherwise it would have put that horrible record you
handed me how come on can you feel that how about that what are you talking about
think of else I have a Timmy motorola Voodoo dog and I'm sticking pins in your
marble bag area hey sicko do you feel that don't lie listen head case are we done
here you have to let me out of my car no please no but I really know I'll be there
no oh here we go with the singing I'll be there you'll be there you'll be where
you got to be kid okay I got lunch with Chuck Mangy only I love that funny
Adiwiz hey Adios Fruit Loops my best of bubbles you what can do can you feel
that yeah he didn't show up he did oh that oh listen to this Greg says that I'm
gonna have like a Roger Clemens deal that's true you're right the fact I
thought they would be talking about that he when Houston plays on a road he
doesn't bother going is it just here is it like anywhere no road trip he doesn't
want to go because he's old and feeble like me I see in your Greg don't okay
and I'm thinking also like you know I'm thinking it was great this week because I
had that thing on a procedure on Tuesday and then yesterday the doctoring Monday
Wednesday and Friday and then the summertime Tuesday and Thursday sounds good
and that's how good to you sure what no this was this was a great week see he's
laughing that he told me about Roger Clemens I'm sure a hell of a lot more
entertaining they're Roger Clemens I may not strike out as many guys but you
know not what I heard yeah well no you're business anyway so Greg
just came in which I that couldn't knock me over with a feather probably thought
the food was here already now he wouldn't want to stay in that the $600
for the suit it was where it's a nice jacket it was a very nice the pants didn't
match the jacket though you notice that yeah I don't want to say anything is what
I heard his feelings really shlumper like haircut which he always does but what
do we know what do we know what I know a lot I can't say what I know but I know
no no seriously the jacket did not match those pants he had a dark blazer which
was very nice expensive blazer and like very light gray almost like those
checkered pants that the more wears I thought maybe boredom I couldn't have been
most because there was no stain in the back anyway oh that's bad is what that is
absolutely God you are bad well I was pretty nice it's been a very pleasant week
very shocking so far let's say Jonathan Witters is crazy says John in
Columbia South Carolina who just loves this show so much he's out of control
he's on that fact machines probably squatting on it right now and a machine
to let's say brief letter today's New York Times is served to be heard from
John Scalise in non-pleasant Michigan who writes you are correct when you say
the emphasis must now be on the future it is clear that the 93 attack on a
world trade center did not sufficiently proud the federal government to
plan seriously for and finance coordinated responses to such attacks sadly
the Bush administration appears to be ignoring the lessons of 9-11 by
diverting money to questionable anti-terror measures without financing
effective programs to help local communities respond to terrorism when it
happens you see Mayor Bloomberg screaming and whining though they about how they
just aren't got any funding right and places like Peoria they're getting like
billions and he's getting like 15 bucks every reports in 9-11 say John Scalise
shows that we're still unprepared for attacks in our most vulnerable cities
like Geneva New York an addition president Bush has squatted the good will of
the world and billions of dollars on a war in Iraq that has no bearing on
terrorism except the full method while Mr. Bush has presented himself as a
war president and on ending terrorism his real legacy will be a country
hopefully unprepared for future terror attacks of John and my
pleasant goodnight John thanks for factoring it along Gary Busey somebody says
spell very bad answers Gary Bussey he had that brain injury why he strains
though he's crazy a lot of crazy people running around Chris says just tuned in
last night Alice Rantell was against on the Dennis Miller show oh what a good
match made in purgatory that is Al was sandwiched in between two other
fascists and she looked like a fem version of how he doodie
Alice Rantell does he have arthritis or is he just weird who Alice yeah both I
don't know is he she have arthritis I haven't seen her in a long time I've seen
him once self-hating queen it's all weird looking Liz Taylor somebody suggests
there is a great choice neurotic nutcase fag-hag just but look like that
Liz Taylor go away Liz okay we're tired of here that you're dying in fact if
you're gonna die please do it soon Liz Taylor we're tired of hearing about so
anyway here's Jim Sarni's column I guess I can what oh well that was some very
important material I don't need to like Pia didn't I go to bat for Geldie I want
to make it very clear again in fact the only reason that he still got his and
Greg was still in here which he ran out real fast but if he was in here he could
vouch for me sure when they broke up the first time when Greg screwed up the
radio station and sent the first team packing
dredge packing they they came right in here him and muff of course that was
before clearance got promoted to being a chief cook and bottle washer and the
crock scratcher what no sir that was discussing
with you know you don't come in here I'm you're not my type clearance okay no
sir I thought he was coming on to me really he kept like arranging and I don't
know maybe just had a little problem there maybe it was a his search party couldn't
help him out today I don't know I have no idea what that was all about but
anyway Geldie was on the block I don't even know if he knows this he was this
close a little curly here away you know the kind you find on the soap if you use
that anymore right see that's another great thing about using the body wash is
there's no hair on it right on a plastic bottle because if there was it like
you'd been to know rinse white off white off you wouldn't see it or black off I
said black off I didn't say yeah okay I can't say that haven't taken enough
calls here yet today but that's because I'm getting working up to lunch and you'll
notice I got about it I should have shown it to Greg there's a quarter of a
long year of diet Pepsi once it gets to the end George will be on I'm leaving I
got important fish to fry I got CDs do you what do you think is the who do you
think is the all-time craziest celebrity 191 votes we started this very late
Michael Jackson 121 Ozzy Osborne 25 Mike Tyson 13 Courtney love she's got 11
neurotic bitch Dennis Rodman's got nine all in his elaborate we believe in
2015 is that it Greg just told me Robert just announced he's got 11 years to
go and H.4 Ted Nugin for Chuck Hesnund's got two hey Chuck here's another one
said vicious two and none yet for Winona Ryder Liz Taylor Jonathan Winners
or Gary Bucy he was terrible in the buddy Hollister yeah goofy huh does he
Holly was goofy looking but not like him he doesn't mean him both I mean I'm
goofy looking too but not like buddy Holly see what I'm saying right if you
change your glasses lose some weight okay well let's try let's try my three
Nika I should have these on when Greg came in that would have been good I've
already said the pick it area I'm looking to life through rose colored glasses we
got some three D glasses here from the Vermont Teddy bear thing up there that's
cute 26 past 11 at 560 WQM its examine and spank
guilty day on Q.A.L.
and I was a sad thing to watch that it was really pathetic especially the part
where we went like that from minute I thought it was going to do the Greg
routine Greg Reed routine go like that he didn't think goodness didn't do that see
this this I hate to break the news to some of the Yiddlaugh out there some of my
Jewish friends and even those who aren't but that whole thing with the
Israel what's good for Israel that went out with the Nickers and with
Holla Valor more important now than ever no no it's not that's only for the
board again for business going one of drag us down the road to Armageddon so
we can all have an offer here reviews look at that three minutes late but
better late than ever because I'm almost out of the end of my diet so there's
Jeff Cohen who looks really out of shape look at that probably too much sex very
very look at the food there for the Chinese army that's great what is that ice
cold diet Pepsi all right probably has caffeine in it though but that's okay I'll
take it whatever you got I know you can't get caffeine free I can't
wear it just anywhere no that's true Toronto I get it all over the place caffeine
free diet Pepsi what would you just say oh I thought you said just be careful
now okay we're not we're not under the old rules back in the day you could say a
lot of stuff in here just don't come in here now and blurtin out that and just
just be very careful now well screw the Pepsi guy then okay Pepsi guy really let
Jeff Cohen down at the pizza lot and what's this Skippy tell me about you only
want to run spots when I'm in town that's the most embarrassing thing I've ever heard
from any sponsor in the 28 years I've been on a year in this market that what
a cop out there is we know you did bad their implantation you don't have to
make you know make up stuff oh they're just next used to save money see we know
that at least he's honest with me in addition to which you know what happens I'll
give you the free plugs anyway you don't have to run those spots when I'm not
here I'll give you a plug every day just that way Skippy don't get any
commission not a good idea I love it of course it was definitely just inherits all
these accounts I asked him before he was standing in the doorway I said name one
account you sold on this show knew that you didn't hear it since you've been
here and you like backed out of the doorway he is an idiot and just be careful
what you're saying on that you really said I did know I know it didn't go on here
but I heard what you said Jesus will you stop he said the Skippy's full of something
he didn't say spit either I'll take it that and I'm not putting you on here
because I you're too dangerous today just go give me some food and get on here
that's Jeff Cohen from the pizza lot who's feeding the rumors every day now if
there's no if what no they're not out of town they're back in town he
arranged me all my exams yesterday my good friend the Rhymer man he's good at
doctoring man not himself but once in a while he finds a good doctor like one
out of every 15 something like that that's not bad you just hope that the other
14 don't kill you before you find a good one like my friend doctor Hamft she's the
best she's great love you sweetheart she's she's fabulous not just a great
doctor but a sweetheart nice person and then of course there was the cold
doctor yesterday I don't want to I do want to say one thing because I try to be
fear and you're going to be shocked that I'm gonna say this because I've been up
and down with these people but you know the Cleveland Clinic the one out there
in now is that Western I guess I'm a writer I'm Western Road there by off our
right of Parkway I've had some experiences there that weren't the best
especially when it used to be on McNabb Road there what was it McNabb and
something whatever it was and then you're gonna February when my good friend
doctor Bush put me on the treadmill and damn near kill me I ripped them and
asked you know but they really treated me very very nice they believe me I
didn't get any freebies I played paid plenty there yesterday believe you me I
paid plenty but you know what it was worth it what I always tell you when I do
that spot for Hollywood diagnostics it's peace of mind man when you can go in
there and they check everything from your from your armpit to your throat to
your neck and everything in between and you say I'm pretty good shape
considering what the fat Slav you are and you say I ride and you start making
plans for like living your life you know I suppose they're like rolling over
and playing dead here's another suggestion for our poll let me give you a clue
yeah the craziest person out of them all Scott Farrell a little bit too crazy
and a little bit too wild or no I should say a lot too crazy and a lot too wild in
fact ponytail probably and did you ever meet Farrell was he ever involved with
you at all or no no that's probably why you're still in business and knowing
the kind of pervert you are if you hooked up with him that would have been no
that would have been it that would have been the end I was not wasn't bad enough
we got you hooked up with Al Goldstein that was the beginning of your road to
the property but getting you hooked up with the Farrell that would have been a
pain
what is this I know how to do it you know what kind of a are you like my mother I've
already got one mother she's almost 91 by the way I think 90's hold on up mom
anyway how she's all right how is mom how's fat rich you know all that crap look at
this some beautiful Italian sausage Keppane or lilyva yeah where's he like
Wallach when we need him he is just brutal you know I don't think what have I
taken one call so far have you taken one yeah I took the one the guy that was
ripping guilty and asked which our life he was spanking guilty it's spank guilty
Friday if we could make it a regular thing just rip him and ask every Friday
till they like our crawls into a hole and goes away don't take any more
because so far all the calls have been good today all the cover we had one for one
yeah thank you very much pal it was a good call no seriously if the only reason I
went to bat for him was because it was at the time it's just like when I saved your job when
most try to get you fired and your wife took you into the unwanted pregnancy right I mean not
that I wouldn't have gone to bat for you anyway but just that really sealed I mean the deal yeah
that's timing I'm gonna let you be out on the beach with like an unwanted kid on the way
what right plus I like Sabrina she's a sweetheart she's British she's a great little girl and
not little anymore I know it's hard and yeah you I could deliver with her without but I mean
Sabrina I like a lot and your wife wow that's the story no she's all right I don't want to say too
much because is she listening who does yeah she's probably watching Ricky Lake probably
just just relax you a little bit too red in the face okay jeff Cohen it no see I know what you
were doing before you came here I know exactly what you were doing see nervous and don't say
anything because I'm not opening up your mic this time I will not do it this man probably this
morning had the wildest sex in the history of the human race he just looks like even the dolphins
that the camp don't sweat even even the big linebackers the 600 pound guys don't sweat like your
sweat right profusely red is a beat I mean I know it's out Florida but it's not exactly a hundred
of the reason the shade out there you know it's from yesterday what when in doubt you're working
it out oh yeah you were at the beach yesterday screwing over George all right we know exactly the
game you play it's give me told us you don't want to come in here with food for George and Josh
because they're small potatoes you don't care about them you're making a TV spot well it's a good
thing get that one with me and remember off here please I don't really care so that's the deal
jeff isn't going to be running too many more spots anymore I'll just give him some free plugs
on the year and that way Skippy gets screwed out of the commission I'm gonna start getting even
with these QM sales people that my last couple of years here you'll see what what do you live in
about you saw what I did to Todd directly other day I stepped on his pathetic little last when he tried it you know
we've got a bunch of losers man in that sales department the only people we like are Adam and Troy
that's it might leave anybody out that I mean my boy's kind of grown on me
hi boy has kind of grown on you hi I wonder what that four hundred pound growth was on your elbow
there it could be because he's going to be dead any minute oh senator you feel sorry for him
why because he's going to be dead anyway but no no see a fat people who are nice people we're
going to die from being fat then you feel sorry for them like your brother right good guy very
guess from what you said okay and your other friend that died with but but he he's a fat guy who's
going to die and I have no sympathy for him he means well no he is not oh my god
oh
and
me
of
your
We will mock you on your hands
With flesh our eyes,
And to fly our sight
To reclaim your good you sing
It's a legal drugart parting to you
A good old I will sing
The day to sleep
Glory as death's ringing
O, give the besties as that stone to me
O, give the besties as that stone to me
O, 14 to noon I got food in my mouth
Bad, bad style
Bad radio baby, we don't want to do bad radio
Because Rick Shross says I do great radio
What he said when he writes
But that was before I got so old about a month or two
Rick Shross, he's a great guy
Don't be picking on Ricky Ticket
He ain't a day over 80
He's a good guy
That cap though he got a stink like hell by now
Anyway so Will says, what is this?
See I can't, oh no, oh no
Page 104 George
I don't want these things Will, okay
I do read the BBC website, I do read all the Guardian, the Independent, the Mirror, all of those things
I don't want this stuff, please, okay?
I want to do mostly a lighthearted show today
Have a pretty good time, I don't want to try to save the world from George W
You'll have a chance on November the 2nd
I got a whole bunch of Jews, I'm going to lock in a room
Make sure they can't get out to the polls or closed
What is that all about these Jews for Bush?
Can you explain that to me?
Sure like you said, it's money, Israel
No, no but Israel's the excuse, don't you understand?
Israel's the excuse
It's a really new word to play in the world
There was a phrase about Israel they'd be over there right now in a kabuts
Lay into fillin
Throw in rocks at the women at the wailing wall
They'd be doing something useful, okay?
Like blowing away those little Palestinian kids
God, all these people so obsessed
I just can't deal with that anymore, the older I get the more nauseous it makes me
The Cubans with their Cuba and the Jews with their Israel
Coxa Chois, that's my comment to you, okay? Cut the crap
What?
No, I got a basket right here, just eat your lunch really
You definitely need to calm down a little bit
You're a little bit hyper
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Let's see, who do you think is the all-time?
Now somebody says, of course, because they can't leave Malone, W
That's not the category we're looking for, okay?
We're not looking for politicians, he's crazy, well, crazy like a fox
You know what I mean?
Yeah
He's just a face man anyway, they don't want to understand that
He is the face man, Cheney is the one that's pulling all the shots
Cheney and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl, Robe, Carl, Robyn Maniac
Well no, Rob is just the PR guy
He's just the strategist, but I'm talking about the people that make all these decisions
And how come this Ahmed Chalabi, or however they're pronouncing it this week, how come they want to tell us, not only is he turning over secrets to Iran, but he's also a business partner of Dick Cheney
They don't buy the tonus that it is
They don't buy the tonus that it is
They don't buy the tonus that it is
They don't buy the tonus that it is
Because people might get pissed off
I'm thinking to myself if Clinton would have invaded another country almost unilaterally that had represented no threat to us and lied about the excuses for us
Talk about impeachment that would probably be hung in right in the middle of the Capitol building
Yeah
In fact Mel Gibson could have made another movie about it
They're nailed to sass up on a cross right out in the White House lawn
You know what I mean?
Yeah, exactly
But this son of a bitch for whatever reason they can do whatever he can do whatever he was
Oh, anybody that sets the point of Israel, how can I be against him? Well, what does that mean? What does that mean, Moishi?
Huh?
Jesus, K Christ
Don't they know the rest of the plan for Israel from the president and his buddies?
They don't care, convert or die
They don't want to think that far
From here on they always die
Tax cuts, tax cut for the rich
Tax cut for rich investors
Tax cuts for my aunt
Oh yeah
5,670560, pound 560 on a AT&T
They're sending all these kids off to be slaughtered over there
It's like, yeah, that's all it is
It's a human sacrifice thinking of nailing on the cross
That's exactly what it is
And when they now CBS you see on Dan, whether they put these pictures up in these kids and they give you the whole low down who got killed and what her?
And I don't say this disrespectfully
These people aren't heroes, they're victims
Right
Right
A hero is somebody that goes out and does something constructive to save somebody else to help somebody else race for love and be on
They're a good purpose
These people, well intentioned obviously, most of them except the abusers, but these people, all they are as victims
That's all they're being set off to be slaughtered like sheep just like in Vietnam
That's all, they're not heroes
They're victims, they're tragic victims of a bunch of ruthless lunatics
Even Miguel knows that
Miguel ain't voting for Bush
See that? And I'm gonna tell you when Miguel, Esco Barr, the drug man, when this son of a bitch is voting against Bush
What does that tell you, okay?
In addition to what tell us Bush done about the, if he would invade Cuba then he would vote for Rob
And you know something, that would have been a hell of a better idea
Sure
If all that crap going on down there is so important and we're so concerned about Fidel, Fidel, all this other garbage
And by the way he will look 240, he said
But what?
Well that'll at least keep him something they'd be concerned about the rest of his life
He got something to look forward to Fidel, Fidel
Anyway
We still only took one call, right?
Well let's keep it that way for while
No, we gotta get a lot of these calls on, there might be important names on here that we're looking for crazy celebrities
Like Whitney Houston
Sure, got her
Alright
He's on the enquire list, yeah I held some back
Purposely
I'll give you another one
Why just sitting there tapping away?
Jury Lee Lewis
Oh yeah
Mary is what, three-year-old cousin, whatever she was
Yeah Jeff Cohen, his eyes lit up when he heard about that
It sounded like a good idea, yeah he could really bang on it
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
What do you think about Geldie doing the Panther games, Jeff?
No chance
No chance
Spank him
No
No
No
I hear Randy Motors gonna stand back at any way so don't worry about it
Geldie you're out, man, you pissed too many people off
Too much talk too much, you've got a big mouth
See, in this business, Geldie, don't have a big mouth
Maybe on the air have a big mouth but off the air keep it close to the vest
Bigha bigha bigha, you know, call a lot of people out of the phone
Oh, buddy, it's a kid who 40 won games, 82 games, I'm gonna be Graham
I'm gonna be next year, oh boy, I'm gonna be Bill and Foster
He would all roll up and I'm gonna be out of my mouth
Nobody wants there some squeaky voice, putts
Broadcasting the sporting event, okay?
It's a goal, it's a goal
I don't wanna hear that
Man, that's the one thing that Rimmer can, you know, be safe forever
Did I put Geldie on here?
Did I see who announced?
Lemme tell you a story, okay?
Lemme tell you a story
The first one they were gonna mind me a arena, the first five or six seasons, whatever was
Back when it used to be a lot of fun by the way, the pants is thing
And when we had really a fan base till I pissed everybody off
He and my season seats, the last two years were in a arena, maybe three years
Were right next to, right the first row below where he and Denise used to sit up there, old froggy
And during the game every time I would look back at it, he was doing two shows
He was doing a broadcast on a year and doing a show for me
And in between periods it was always, he'd be standing in there in the back and calling me up there
I'd have to schlep through the crowd, schlep up there
Not to say anything but just because to piss off that he's pop band
Because then he hates me like poison
That looked like Todd Dresdans in here, they were there, didn't it?
I didn't know that Todd, my phone fell down
I didn't know that Todd Drekken, Jeff Rumor, went to the same school of dance in their pants
I didn't know that, till this moment
I thought it was the tag, he is all along
Oh, hey if Rumor's listening, what's your name?
I'm sure he is Jeff just insulted you bad man
Something about an ass
What?
He's dancing doing a game?
Yeah, he's like often but playing on the table
That's a like a show
Really? Well you have a good time watching
You ought to see him when he reaches over to pick up the check
Not
Maybe that's why he does that during the game
Because he's not nearly as animated a dinner
Because he might accidentally reach over in his hand
Might brush, make a brush with the check
Bad move
WQM
Oh, see the everywhere I'm supposed to be taking these calls
That just woke me up
WQM, hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Yeah, I was calling the two things, and Nicole Smith for the poll
Okay
And what was the deal with Mueller telling Joe Rose
Because I listened this morning and Joe was ripping Goldie
What did Mueller have to say?
Joe cut him off
Joe pretended that he was out of time and just said, oh yeah, I'll talk to you later Randy
It was great
He did?
That's hilarious
I have a good weekend
You too, Polly, thanks
Yeah, it was great the way Joe Rose handled the Randy Mueller
Joe is, there's a lot more there than you think
Because on the face of it, Joe sounds a little bit like a dord
If you know what I mean, I hate to say that
That's not what I really meant
I mean not a dord like
Howard from Bokeh, not like that
But underneath that dumb jock exterior
It is a pretty sharp mind
And you better be aware
Because once he sharpens up that shit of man
You better not be under receiving end
You don't want to talk about it?
I don't want to talk about it
I don't want to talk about it
I don't want to talk about it
I don't want to talk about it
I don't want to talk about it
I don't want to talk about it
I don't want to talk about it
Waddling in here so we can cry on my shoulders
I don't know, I want to think I think I got a shot, what do you think?
I think the answer, Goldie, I don't want to look, you know, peon your parade
But I think the answer is no
No, you're not going to get it
Because the director of broadcasting is Randy Mueller, right?
He must have a lot to say about it
You'd think
When you think of he's the director of Panthers broadcasting
And all these other titles they gave him because he's a silly person with a clown nose
I mean, it fits right in with the ambience to the organization
The organization has been in business how many years now?
About 30 men
Three years they made the playoffs
How the Panthers do it in a playoffs?
They make it a fowl, they're like, oh, by the way, Skippy, you better not eat any of this food
You little piece of crap
I sure hope that Skippy heard what I said before about how Jeff is going to stop running spots all together
So I'll just give him preplugs so that we can take away all your commission that you're stealing
And Jeff thinks it's a great idea because basically he said, Skippy sucks
My life and all this is for radio by city
I owe my favorite Republican, this is not drugs
And it's time for the real excuse me uploading
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
It sounds that you hate
But I'm an idiot and I think they're really great
I doubt that you can't handle one or two
Much less or eight
It sounds that you hate
Come in from the boys they will surely separate
I tell you what they are
Guaranteed you'll go, yeah
I like fingernails on a blackboard
People crack their neck for their knuckles
When I rough style we're full together
That just makes me shak-
Oh, ha, ha, ha, ha
Eight sound you can't stand
Would you tolerate if you were half the man I am
And to the list of eight
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate
Scraping on a plate
Scraping on a plate
Here's what I really love
You might want to try it
Give me feedback in my headphones
Ah, yeah, that's more like it
Little more, little more over there
Little more, yeah
Eight sound so unique
Now let's review so you can really, really free
Figure nails on a blackboard
When people crack their neck for their knuckles
Rub his side we're full together
Cause it makes me chuckle
I like when new sneakers on a gym floor
Raising an aluminum window
When it gets into drilling my mold
That makes me say, Fingo!
My boy singing on his record
You can't hold on, fine, China
If these have give you the shivers
That makes you a whiner
Hey, you've got nuts and someone bites their fork like this
Cause I love it
Here, I'll do it again
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping window I back my neck?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Sup, are you wimp?
Sup, are you wimp?
Oh wait, I got one more
Oh and here's number nine, the sound that you hate
Or is that one at your low?
1203 at 560, Jeff Cohen needs a pizza man
It's a pizza loft in Davy, a good pizza man
It's everybody knows how to make a good pie
You can spin it and twirl it and the pie too
He said he'll pay it at most anywhere
And if you're good
I've used that line before
Okay, pizza loft in Davy, a university drive between 595 and Griffin Road
Right behind the Pierwain imports
Tons of free parking and it's the weekend now
So go in there and just give your free spot
And skip you won't get a dime commission off
Because we hate him like poison man
No, and the only thing Skippy's got going for me in this place is Todd Dreck
Cause if we didn't have Todd Dreck then Skippy be right down to the bottom of the barnacles
You know, scraping it
But the fact that we got Todd Dreck got a long way to go
Who did I say the other day?
It was like even worse than Todd Dreck
Gary Sarner?
Oh Gary Sarner
Out of sight Adam and now he doesn't come in your place doesn't he?
If he does something
No, that's right, you sell trac
We got so many of these Jews for Bush who are busy eating their cheeseburgers for lunch right now
You're gonna burn in hell, don't you realize it?
That's right
Eating trac for lunch in mean time you're worried about Israel
God, what about your lunatics?
So we'll get you a pizza man
I'm gonna say that every day
Do you really?
Why is that?
Yeah, the pizza was outstanding there I should point out
Wasn't it?
It's always good but I mean this was some of the very best
Now who made this?
One of the pizza guys is there
But everyone's working too many hours
Oh I see
They're getting burned
Looks like you did too yesterday
Okay get out of here Jeff
Thank you, it was really great
Jeff called pizza a lot sucking up for some more free plugs
Good lunch though
Excellent lunch
And lots of sodas too
Which you notice even Jeff said
Radio station like this
Greg Reed came in at somebody day for the first time in many months
Did he bring me any soda?
No
Did Muff bring us any soda?
No
Clarence was busy scratching himself in the other room?
No
Nothing
Yeah I don't know what you're...
Didn't you see that before?
No I missed it
And I kept trying to look like the other way
Because the last person I want to see
Adjusting his private or whatever he was doing is him
God
Man oh man
Or maybe he was just searching
I don't know
Who do you think is the craziest celebrity of all time?
That's our poll question today
How many calls have we taken appear?
Maybe
Two are there
And they were both really good
Right?
The last guy was a great
The first one was excellent about the guilty rip in min' ass
Did you take one of them?
One of them
The guilty the spanking of his life?
No!
Michael Jackson 186
Nobody's going to touch the gloves one
Ozzy Osborne 28
See that's quite a disparity there you know
Mike Tyson 26
Quarterly loved 22
Denise Robben 12
What about Denise Potman?
She's a loser
Gary Bucy 9
And H7
Chuck Heston 6
I'm spitting the sausage out all over the place
You see that?
Yeah
Boy
What did I just read?
Scott for Ralph 6
Ted Nugent 5
Said Vicious 2
Is he still dead by the way?
Yeah
Liz Taylor 1
And Novos out of 113 for Winona Ryder
Novos even for Dave Ryder
Wonder what kind of scam he's pulling these days
Whitney Houston's got none
Jerry Lee Lewis don't have any
Who married his two-year-old cousin
And then Nicole Smith don't have any yet either
See I wouldn't call her crazy
And like Ozzy it's pills and booze in the case of those two
Yeah
Oh yeah but he he caught up
Oh no you see that
Oh my gosh yeah
Oh that's talent
That was we have picture of that
Wait a minute that's talent that's called a cheap fork
Of course yes as he likes to cheap fork
But that's beside the point
That's what he said
Oh give me another fork somebody please
Before it's really
Oh we got a bag of it in here
Plastic fork just snapped in half
Now maybe that was that was the Lord
No good
Thank you
Telling me that's enough fat
So you're gonna kill yourself and that's a siege
Hey Bonnie
The piece Mr. Head
This is very good today
I know my fish was great
I scarred you all
Oh you had fish that I already forgot about that
I ate it all gone
The pizzas maybe some of the best he's ever produced
They needed a new pizza man at the pizza lot by the way folks
Get with it
WQM hello
Neil
Yes sir
You've got to have a big conscious in there
The craziest person of them all
Yes sir this is shocking news
What do you say Neil?
No
What does that mean?
Wow
I mean how could they
I never even crossed my mind that this was a poor question they wouldn't understand
It didn't
They don't get it
Crazy
Crazy
Most of you said I understand that
But it was crazy
I don't know
Especially the callers that we got on the show they should know from crazy
Okay believe me
It sounds like experts
Crazy
And we still got to explain it to them
See what all they wanted to do is put the same
Why don't we just do a pull every day
There you go
Who do you hate the most
George W. Bush Rick Sanchez
Mojauer David
You know they're the same but Anna Cole Smith
This is a different poll
It's if it's good enough to be the inquirer
It's good enough for us to kill four hours you better better believe it
This is just a fine lunch
Too much
The lunch was just right
Was it not too hot not too cold
No
That's a very few I am hello
I keep spitting the sausage out
Q.I.M.
What else do you know
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
A little laugh toward the guy I can't stand any longer
Ha ha ha
Come to stop I hate it
Yeah
No that's it
I was just thinking just maybe
See when you deal with people I've got a whole new attitude now about some of these people
I'm going to put them on the spot and once they get through with their initial
Pre program
Pre program pre scripted a stick which usually lasts about three seconds
I'm just going to I'm going to put them on a spot to see if they can elaborate on which I know they can
Like him
Just another one of your people that ought to get out of banana
But in fact you know something a lot of those tire places what they do is they throw the old tires out in the back in a dumpster
Go to like one of those good year places and get one of those old rubber tires
Right
Make you a nice rubber raft and hop aboard okay and go back to Cuba and have a good time okay
Oh, just put it around your neck get out of our face
Get out of our face we don't want no more from you okay and speaking English
Quick talking with the phony accent
WQAM hello
Neil
Yes sir
I got somebody for your poll lies the mannelli
Why is this crazy than a bed bug she's like Liz Taylor Jr. Thank you very much. Thank you
Of course Judy Garland we ought to put on there too right mother and daughter
Sure why not we said of all time of all time
Let me tell you about when I saw Judy Garland the archaeopalus in the New York it wasn't her fault either though and senior wences was there
He was good it was very of course I was a little kid I was like 13 years old or something like that I like senior wences
And then of course there was jacumation at the hotel and what was that hotel again right by the Atlantic towers
It'll come to me eating not the eating rock eating rock was not even close to being built 1956 jacumation
He was still doing that same thing he said well whatever is good for Israel is good enough for a guarantee of jacumation
It's important George Bush want a bet you can I will guarantee you I'll bet Grace life on it. How do you like that that's how sure I am
Call up Jackie right now and see if he's supporting so I'm carry who's a little bit on a scary look inside like her man monster
But nevertheless the good the best thing carries got going for him is he ain't George Bush that's the best thing he's got going
It's all easy and I'll make a prediction right now
You know who's going to pick his is running mate John McCain no
He would like to but can't he gonna take it although the Republicans have been kind of pushing him in that direction
That would be great, but I don't know you should take I don't know he will play Wesley Clark
Okay, yeah guarantee plan you could bet Mo's life on it you know I'm saying
And I'll throw a girl the only you could bet Mo and girl these lives on it and of course
Gell these ain't worth much these days now these back to himself in that corner. He's got everybody against him now
He's turned Joe Rose against them Mo was on to him now even our from broken knows what's up with the girl
He wants off that show real bad so he's turned them again. He's turned us against him. He turned
I don't care Randy red dear Molly. Yes you do what I care was you care you don't want him doing the games even though you know listen
You have yeah, you know he's not qualified to be broadcasting the Florida Panther games
I know no such thing even with a marginal team that they got in the total lack of interest. I'll listen just as much well. Yeah me too
Absolutely good point
Now let's see what about these promos? I don't want to like under read these because Miguel start hyperventilating in their in his pants
Look for the QM van tonight 6 to 8 for a cigar tasting event at Stokey cigars
Located at 116 12 North Kendall drive there probably show you some real interesting techniques you can do with their stokey's stop
I to win this when and spend the wheel for a QM front Marlin tickets and other prizes
Yeah, I think Tommy got his hair cut to same place Greg didn't not mention it stop
I just spend the wheel for Marlin tickets and other prizes. That's it's still he's 6 to 8 tonight candle at 117th drive and whatever it is
I know where the hell that is candle 117th. I used to live around was right there sure you got
You got I got to out while I was getting good man who now wants to live in Kendall
You have to be crazy you people in Kendall. I sympathize with you that rich would get up any can't afford to
Tomorrow after you look for the QM van from 11 to 1 at Santa Rosa marble located at 3400 northwest 77 court
Miami also little George will be out. Oh, I see in other words. There's four promos in here makes it look like there's three
Very devious and dangerous that McGwill also George will be out noon to two of Bill Sidles bull of our to savings on northwest
36 feet Miami with his thumb to get out of the U.S. or why he's showing up there, but they like the free food
Stop by to win prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs. Maybe the guy with a fanny pack will come by and see
the fanny pack and maybe
Maybe the guy with the eyes will stop by and see not stayed because they don't trust any albums and then on Sunday George will be in noon to two
A dayline Chevrolet located at 8455 South Dixie highway and South Miami stop by to spin that wheel for those same crappy prizes
And enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs. That's why people stroke not so much to see George, but they want the free food which is great
Those fat fill sandwiches good stuff
We still do we still have that letter on the thing back there. That was great. I'm sure PD Lenny. I didn't have enough smarts to write it
1213 at 560 WQM
VUM is not just pedestrian ordinary regular TV like any slip can see but it's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver
The picture is so superior to regular TV you won't believe it the quality is like looking it like a three-dimensional kind of a thing or like at a
Scratchy old kinescope
VUM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV
VUM has got the most HD TV and it where it provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including satellite dish
HD receiver and the remote as well and VUM's got over 30 channels
Dr.
Man of HD programming you can watch ESPN for example and high definition and lots more too
That's three times more channels than you get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO M TV
Even your local channels to maybe even leave TV, but I doubt it
VUM has got over 120 channels of great entertainment
They've even got exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company at any price
So with VUM you get everything you have now plus all these awesome high definition channels to enjoy too call VUM today for a limited time offer call 1 866
848
8666 around line visit VUM.com and here's the ideal free installation
No upfront cost and no long-term commitment. What is not to like call 1 866 848
8666 or online is VUM.com to start VUM right away, but you better do it real soon
You only have 10 days left offer ends May 31
This is more how it ended for a Hebrew home the agent in Riverdale now you hide me and stole the
Atropica fuel the flado the in the paradise. Well, it is but not for everybody
That's why were my parents retired the Florida
I sent them back to the Bronx to live in the Hebrew home of the agent in the back in 61 not only was it cheaper
But they got support I remember my mom was saying who needs we got the pool right here
It's with me three months out of the year. Oh, I sure they got lots of activities there like
Friday night my John and other than the races not to mention the food all of food
Let me tell you know where what the Hebrew home for the agent in Riverdale
We find soft did gelo not the kind that turns the rubber but my it's almost like it was prepared by Don Wilson himself
And they got them mobile turlits on wheels too the Hebrew home for the agent in Riverdale a nice place to send your folks
And forget about it
Absolutely from 19 at 560 WQ am
It's a spank y'all these ass Friday
Andy Kaufman takes the cake for the craziest personality of all time somebody says Andy Kaufman their question
Let's see here's a cute like keep trying to send me this facts and only a little part of it shows up
So don't do it anymore, okay?
Bill and Pat I appreciate it how a burden making bigger profits and it's got a bunch of like pigstent
That's cute
David says I turned your program back on after a three month. Oh, oh, I'm not
I'm absolutely not gonna read this you know which David it is. Yes. Yes. I do yeah
We just talked about crazy. Yeah, crazy person. In fact, this is Jeff Highs the former neighbor totally crazy person
No, he just wants attention. That's all I'm sorry that I know it's there because I didn't see what was gonna be from what he has a wife you know, yeah and
There's where you go for attention if you really need me have a wife, but I know who he's doing
Hi, howdy. Yeah, now just stop and ponder that for a little bit
Yeah, think about that. I'm sorry right after lunch right here's a lunch. Sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry
I think we put Robin Williams on air or not. No, he's crazy. That's what we have had several facts are saying Robin Williams crazy
I don't think he's crazy. I think he's just pond was that exact that act and that's him. He's always on like I've told him before always on
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8
TNT and Verizon line WQA
There WQM hello
WQM hello
Meal yes, sir. Hey, so much better was when I wasn't taking any calls. It was great. What is it?
Hey, did you see my line last time? I did not it was
You might have seen it before I'm up was a rerun. It was the chief. I was watching the affiliate Tampa hockey game myself
There's a Jesus factor about George Bush and the Christians. I'm sorry the first Gary
I thought the first time they showed him yes, or repeat. Hey, that's off the man
What do you say? How's that? I'm saying you man
not your business
See what I'm saying. I was doing just great. I started taking some of these stupid calls. They even system that I take
take some more
Ah
You know what this is this is like there. Ah, let's get to him before he gets out of here
And don't face me man. Wait till you see the size of that paycheck. It's coming in now. What is it Tuesday?
And it will be there clearance
No matter how much you squeeze your package that paycheck better be in the mail
That's the only package I'm interested in right now is the one scum I check in it. He says he wasn't scratching or squeezing
What was he doing check it for her to you?
Yeah, but it is
WQAM hello
WQAM hello, you know, yes, sir long time listen great. I got one. I got one people
Yeah, me love. What you love has got a whole bunch of votes 24. Thank you. It's already on there go get a computer
Okay, go to the other computer go have somebody explain you how you use it and a computer to
Two lawsuits accused priest of abuse. I don't want any more of these pre stories today
I you know this is what if you let the audience dictate what you're gonna do you're done you're dead
You're dead me. You know what I mean?
What if they ever got paid on it they were America again. I'll call her
Yeah, find out I'll holler what?
WQAM hello friend
Yes, sir, I like cast a little for the church WQAM hello
Monday
WQAM hello hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay?
Jonathan winners is the honor Jonathan winners is a crazy person. He's on there, but I don't think he's crazy
But whatever you say you think he's crazy. I don't know. I don't either
But he's on it because yeah come up with something different. Okay. We only got a few names on the town
How about how do you do to you was crazy about mr. Bluster?
I
Think we pushed him over the edge today, you know what I'm saying?
Absolutely. Yeah, and I think it was that guilty sound
Yeah, I pushed him over the edge
Yeah, even your fat boys
Hi, a palie neighbor right over the edge. You'd like to put you over the edge too
By the way, nobody's a really good cliff. He has kids. Yeah
so
So what about this is any idea you think that guy don't have kids see whatever
What probably does yeah?
Is it like some great biological? Well, you should know right probably my accident. Yeah, so I just feel sorry for the kids
PD Lane has kids too sure. I feel sorry for them right Todd wreck has kids
Yeah, sure I continue
Just because somebody has kids does that mean that they're more respectable
Responsible rational saying
You should be hot human to think of your children if nothing else
What does that mean you're embarrassing your children?
Not those but I told you a date line that's right where they start where they starve the kid to death
They had children and not just the one that they starve they had other children. Did that make them saying?
Responsible parents no qualified, you know somebody was telling me to the day and I agree that there ought to be a test
You before you get a license driver car you take a test, right? Okay?
Before now in order to buy a weapon of any kind you should have to take a test and order to have children
You should have to take a test because those are both unlike I'm by me with a car
You can't kill somebody but they're like life and death thing correct. Do we make anybody take a test?
No, anybody can go out there and procreate
Just like that little girl that disappeared that they let the father dropped off somewhere
You know now they said oh no she was kidnapped. I don't believe her minute. She was kidnapped no now
They just want to get rid of her could it now. There's something for you to think about
I'm taking offers
WQ a.m. Hello, hey Neil get to my outline. Yes, sir
Joe McCarthy. I don't know if that would be crazy. Be used paranoid with your celebrity
Well, he will back in back now or John do pop
The guy that shot the wrestler. Yeah, right. Okay. Whatever you say you have a great day. His name wasn't John do pop was it who?
They are queen the one at the
Shot the wrestler that crazy he was crazy, but nobody knows who that is no I don't five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 boy
I tell you I think we've really put them to the test today, man. They're too busy
You know conjuring up reasons to vote for Bush what an appropriate poll WQ a.m. Hello
How about him is he crazy?
Crazy I mean drunk
Drunk crazy. Okay, whatever you say we're not putting the monitor though. Is you think he's crazy? No just a drunk
I mean we could put Glenn Campbell on there too. He's a drunk not every drunk is crazy what they are is
Drunk so thank God for those 12 steps
As a matter of fact if these are chronic so I want to follow us we'll give them 12 steps right today as you that cliff I was talking about
Or a doc the weather's right for it right and it would be great
boy
26 past noon at 560 WQ MR you still were locked into by a bed over the phone
I can't imagine why anybody in the right mind would be because for over 25 years millions of satisfied people including me
Of dialed 1 800 MATT RES for the lowest prices on the best brands in the universe in betting
It's the easiest possible way to buy you a great name brand mattress
And it's absolutely no risk because if it's not perfect in every way just call them back for a full comfort exchange
It's completely free within 30 days
No extra fees no strings attached
Donald mattress is ranked number one a customer satisfaction and they were winners of the 2004 better business local
Bureau local tour to excellence award like I said what I just say figure it out when you call 1 800
Mattress you'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule and the best customer service in the business
Why would you waste any your time slipping from showroom to show them wasting a lot of gas and money to
Donald mattress has the complete line of seely
Serta King Coil Simmons temper pete experience of a man is foster hewitt from Kendall Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers
Diali mattress can deliver the finest betting around anywhere as in save you a ton of cash too
But do what I always do along with everybody else here at QA that's got a brain and some that don't call 1 800 mattress
That's 1 800 MATT RES or online just log on to mattress dot com
Friday you
Coming soon. It's the movie with all been waiting for
Brad Pitt as a gladiator. It's Troy the classic story of
Well, it's based on the epic hole by oh who care that Brad Pitt and a gladiator offense
Kitties and now we must engage in hot sweaty man on man combat action
about Troy
called it to feel myself hit of the summer
Rick three said pass me the Trojan sunny and in the words of Rick's read if you see only one
homo erotic gladiator movie this year
See
Men attack from the rear
It's muscular men and leather skirts are your Achilles heel then
France to a theater near you to see Brad Pitt as you've always wanted to see him in
For
560 WQM don't be stepping on our material now, okay?
You know, I think the thing that said Dave Friedman off real bad. I mean chronic Dave
Was the fact that I picked on his good buddy fat boy
But now that he's not listening anymore after all of this time and all these years and we lost that list
Now we can rip him an ass
Fat boy and his chronic neighbor Dave who needs mental help no question about it. No none
No none what no none question
No none
Where's that school?
560 705 60 pound 560 on a even though I've been faxing every day for the last hundred years
I haven't been listening for months and I'm about about about seriously
Yeah, but it's appropriate. I mean we did a poll about crazy people. So why shouldn't we have them calling in right anyway?
Let me just give them a little hideous little breather to catch their breath
New York Times says a series of justice department memorandum is written in late 2001 in the first few months of 2002
We're crucial in building a legal framework for United States officials to avoid
Compllying with international laws and treaties on handling prisoners lawyers and former officials say
Well, there must be a word missing from this somebody faxed this to me. I didn't print this out
lawyers and
Officials say the confidential memorandum several of which were written or co-written by John C. You
Not me you you a
University of California law professor was serving in the department provided arguments to keep US officials from being charged with
War crimes for the way prisoners were detained and interrogated they were endorsed by
Indoist by top lawyers in a white house the Pentagon and the vice president's office
But do this drew the sense from the state department see an airs the battle that's been going on right along
You got a rule on colon on the one side who sit next to where those palm trees are and then you got rummy and his
Wolfowitz in that crowd of lunatics on the other side the memorandums provide legal arguments to support administration officials assertions that the
Geneva conventions did not apply to
Detainees from the Afghanistan more they also suggested how officials could inoculate themselves from liability by claiming that
Abuse prisoners were in some other nation's custody a
Lawyer and former government official to saw the memorandum said it anticipated the possibility that US officials could be charged with
War crimes to find as grave breaches of these Geneva conventions the documents said away to avoid that is to declare that the
Commissions don't apply
That's all
Nating them. Oh, sorry. I have a light problem. Oh by re-designating them as something else. Right. Yeah, that's all just make up some other kind of a right label anything else
And then that 15.6% of your audience yesterday. Oh, they should get a medal for what they did to those damn slimeball or rocky prisoners
Guys isn't there there. No, well, did yeah, but now that I think about it now there's no hope for this country really isn't
Dumb dumber and dumb is that's what it basically boils down to now
And you've got millions of people who otherwise may be educated and seem articulate whatever who are just need your
Whatever they are professional professional Jews professional Cubans professional liberals professional right wingers professional
Born again lunatics whatever it is. That's all that's the whole life. Don't you can't you can't deal with those people
So that's why this whole notion of era America and um, I don't forget about that
Would be just like us on this show if I really ever dreamed for a minute that we're gonna make some kind of a change out there
We're gonna change America change South Florida
Especially this place. Oh god
Give me a break
Who do you think is the craziest celebrity of all time not politician not janitor
Not the mortician not proctologist. Well, what if there's celebrity politician?
Now might be like Arnold
Michael Jackson 222
Mike Tyson 38
Ozzy Osborne 32 Courtney's gloves is got 26 Denise Rodman 16 Gary Bucy 14
And Haitian nine Chuck Heston's got eight
By-alien
Scott for L7
Jonathan Winters 510 Nugent 5 Robert Williams 4
Vicious 3 lies a man always got a pair and it's small potatoes after that
teeny tiny totters
5 6 7 0 can I say that no just did teeny tiny totters
Taters WQM. Hello hi sir. I got a name for the Paul right ahead. Oh Jay Simpson
Craziest uh, yeah, he's uh, you're right good good choice
Thank you sir humble aside. Oh maniac
maniac while maniac crazy same thing all of these things
They like him around here though at WQM they would they would like to sniff his ass man right in this building
Can you can you can you imagine if he came in for an autograph signing on Monday. Oh man wow wow
Yeah, in fact I finally figured out the way that we're gonna goose up those numbers between five and eight in the morning
Once a week it's gonna be oh Jay slaps Gully and Moe around it
Which day of the week what do you think huh he slaps Gully and Howard from Bocah the both of them we can have Moe Jay and one of you Friday would be good
Yeah, the Moe slaps him
No
The Moe people listen I'd listen. I would tune in here that I'd get up early and open up the pot and then
WQM hello
WQM hello
WQAM hello
Hey Abba you got Gary Busy on the list. Do we have one Gary Busy? Yeah Gary Busy's on air sir
Take a look at that thing okay Gary Busy's on air. He's got 14 votes. Okay. Just in case you missed out
Did I just get through reading these names? Yeah only moments ago only seconds ago. Oh, I thought maybe I was dreaming
WQAM hello
Hello Neil yes sir. Got a name for your poll. Yes
Weird Al Yank of Zikk. It's crazy. No, he's not crazy. He's strange. They don't understand it's an act. It's an act. It's an act. It's an act. It's an act. It's a stick. Okay
Stick stick stick stick
Stick
It's not in fact he's probably one of the more boring. Yes
Point one of the most boring people who thinks that he's funny his act was very acute for about two minutes
He was a boka Brian. That was it. No, he he ain't even the same league with boka Brian
Boka Brian now there's a funny guy even funny looking and crazy without even putting on all the way he puts on that wig man
And he really looks I'm using I think it's a big improvement. In fact anybody any guy like that old guy with a blonde wig that
Silly wig looks so ridiculous. Absolutely WQAM hello Neil yes sir
That one for your poll
Margot Kitter from Superman. Okay, sir run around. I'll make it in battling. That's a fine choice. Thank you, sir
Thank you. I'll end go lighting. I ride go lighting. There's a hockey guy right there
Very exciting game last night, but hockey is off the table here on this radio station except the course for the guilty business
Which guilty wants jugs McDonald's job and other jugs as retired mr. Hall of Flamer
And the galley's with once that job. He's moving in like a vulture. He's been doing that for a couple of years
I want it. I want that job. I want to do the Panther games. It's a goal. It's a goal. Oh my it's a goal. The Bentley
Bentley
Yeah, do you imagine it?
I mean shrill wouldn't be the word for it
But at least maybe it would be at the divergent from the mediocrity of the team and the fact that they never make the playoffs
And that the organization lies through their teeth when they tell us they're gonna
Spend all of that money that they saved you know trading away popl burray and this one and that one and they're gonna spend all that money signing free agents
Of which depending on how things play out there's gonna be 80 million free agents available. How are they gonna get them? No
They're gonna spend the money. No, they don't have it
They've been drowning in a sea of red ink that organization, but anyway
21 before one at five sixty wqm how I'm telling you where you can go and have a good time
Pompano Park that's right and tomorrow this Saturday, May 22
Pompano Park racing and poker will feature the classic rock all stars in concert starting at 7 30 in a p.m
Feature will be the lead singers from rare earth sugarloaf iron butterfly and cannibal and the headhunters
Oh, all right, that's why you're looking like that. These are all people that they turned down at Gulfstream
Even I remember many of their big hits like get ready in agada divita backdoor man. Oh, Geldy knows that one backdoor man
Stuff those are two he likes it green eyed lady in land of a thousand dances
Now here's the best part of the whole deal a concert is absolutely totally free
So come out to Pompano Park tomorrow Saturday, May 22 enjoy live harness racing try your hand at cars in the poker room
And enjoy a great concert with the classic rock stars rare earth sugarloaf iron butterfly cannibal ahead on his lead singers
Not the whole groups of course because that's little little bit too much
Just a half mile from both i95 and the turn pipe Pompano Park is easy to get to and best of all
They offer you free admission and free general parking every single day
Live harness racing in a poker room or open every night
Wednesday Friday and Saturday three nights a week including tonight
Pokers starts at noon goes on till midnight
Live racing gets underway nightly at 7 25 at the p.m
I see john cacali one three or four races last night. It's a freaking miracle. How do you like that? Wow
Pompano Park is also open every day seven days a night's a week for simulcasting featuring the best in harness racing
Through a bread hot eye action from all across north america for you to watch and plunge your guts on
Pompano Park is just an easy block south or Atlantic Boulevard on power line robe for that current race schedule go on the web at
Pompano Park.com or call
954
972
2000 don't forget plunge your guts soon at Pompano Park
for
I recall the day
I'm a side
I'll bronch a ride
And he won't confess
I don't care what they say
Because oh Jay
Murderer where we love
It happened so soon
on the 12th of June
And oh Jay
ran away
From that bloody mess
I don't care what they say
Because oh Jay
Murderer where we love
I have weighed in quite a while
But I see he's still on trial
It goes on and never ends
As it does find out that oh Jay murdered them
Lock him up please
And throw away the keys
It's a game
All the claims
Of his innocence
I don't care what they say
Because oh Jay
Murderer where we love
I don't care what they say
Because oh Jay
Murderer where we love
I don't care what they say
Because oh Jay
Because oh Jay
Okay now I probably don't need to say this
But during the just ass end of that bit there
I just sneak one out here very quietly
And I was that permit anymore not
As long as it's an SBD it's a
Oh
Well
I guess you want the paper stuff
Oh well
560
560
Oh man
What a shock huh
What a surprise
Well we've all had that
That's how it am I
But I just might know
We just very quiet okay very dainty
I just wanted to make sure that the coast is queer
And that we can still do those things
And here on the other hand if anybody would have heard it then
Oh boy the stuff would hit the fan
567 the craziest personality of all time is
I like this poll it was good enough for the inquire like I said
But these people they you know they're pretending they don't get it
Oh and before we get to that speaking of crazy
No you don't have to light a
What are you going for you
Oh it's for
Ha ha ha
Boy you talk about impressionable
Wow
All I do is just mention something there
I'm sorry that I said it
Now the whole rumor is almost going up in flames in there
Man lunatic
Well you know about Jeff and a pizza lot that's an an
Extra-charging initial bonus
Yeah in fact if we all this oil problem we have now in the world
He might be able to solve it
If we ever run out of gas we'll just I'll be eating it to pizza loft around the clock 24-7
Anyway like the rumors we'll be soon
Senior US officials have told 60 minutes corresponded Leslie's stall that they have evidence
That a raki politician Ahmed Chalabi has been passing highly classified US intelligence through Iran
Oh my god
The schmottahead Iranian
The evidence shows that Chalabi who was one scene is the man likely to lead a rack by white house and pentagon officials
Who I've been screaming you would telling you for months is a crook
Personally gave Iranian intelligence officers information so sensitive
That if revealed a quick quote get Americans killed the evidence is said to be rock solid
I rock solid I don't know what they just found out because newsweek had it in last week
Sources of tools stall on high level
Investigations out of way into who the you in the US government gave Chalabi such sensitive information in the first place
But we can get Greg on that he's caught to very jack as find out who the mole is
All the moles all the time man too many moles with a big mouth. You know, I mean girl
loose lip synch ships man
In addition
Sources told Leslie stall that want to Chalabi's closest confidante
Senior member of his organization the Iraqi National Congress is believed to have been recruited by Iran's intelligence agency
The Ministry of Information and Security M O I S Moisha and his under payroll
How do you like that the Iranians which is if we don't have enough problems already a bunch of lunatics run in that country the Iathola, Jr
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and also it doesn't say anything about
Dictanian the off made either it does it partners in crime. I'm sure that'll come
It doesn't even say anything about Hamid Karzai being on the board of directors of Chevron or Condoleez
To be an on the board of directors of Chevron. These are just coincidences. Okay, and affected your pain 85 dollars to fill up your gas tank
That's just a coincidence. You do understand that please of course cracker, please
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM. Hello
WQAM. Hello
Yeah, yes sir. I have a name
Me too. I have two names. Do you? Yes
Is this W what you got for us pal? I've got
Jimmy Pissol
Now Jimmy Pissol. I mean nobody knows who that is anymore. Yeah, he was he was crazy. Who?
Baseball player. Oh
mentally ill
But we don't mean like mentally ill. I mean we're not picking on people that mental illness. We're doing it. They didn't understand either
Sir, I probably it's my fault we didn't do this claim or nobody over the age of 95 is a lot to call his show
Said maybe once a month on that day. That's it. Just ma
No
Your dad used to WQAM. Hello
Please understand me. Oh, no. Yes, sir. How about Ronald Reagan? Hi, Sally
WQAM. Hello
Neil Irving
WQAM. Hello. Hi, nice. How about Robert Blake and how about Jason Williams?
No
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Well, maybe Jason Williams. What do you think?
Is he crazy? Well, I don't know. Maybe just like dogs. I don't even his own. I don't know
Maybe he don't like dogs in limo drivers. I mean he's in title. It was a pinion right?
And what was the first one she said Robert Blake Robert Blake he was he was crazy like a fox. He made it
The bitch had to come on. What's wrong with you? Right. Say this thing you ever did
That's the only one we've had call all day and right away she's defending that bitch
That trailer trailer trailer trash lion slut. Mm-hmm
5 6 7 0 5 60 in fact you ever see Bonnie Lee and Lindy England together same person
Yeah
Please got better teeth. They used to hang out with the same hood
WQAM. Hello
How you doing pretty good good. I got two things. Why not want to just make a suggestion for the poll? Yes
That was going to be two things. Yeah, that was to be herman the other one's not a suggestion. Um, are you down here now?
Down where and what the at the moment? Yes. Yes. Are you are you are you going to be going to pop it up?
Park tonight. What do you say? Well, because in the second race tonight, there's the
Well, don't give it on the air. That's okay. You have you have a tip for me at the track tonight
You want to put it on the air so we get one to nine? Why don't you figure out your people probably better?
Sure they do. I'll put you on hold. You'll tell to Georgia. We'll see. I mean this is something you know
I'm 95% sure this horse will win. All right. I'm gonna put you on hold and I thank you in advance and god bless you
That hold on enjoy your stay down here. Thank you. It'll be very brief. Okay line two see what he's got for us
Okay, maybe he's got the a weener. Okay, it would be nice. I should if it's like one to five. I don't need that
And don't anybody be following fat rich around. Okay
Oh, gee. I wonder which horse is that cross riches got you know
If you want if you want the world to know something if you want to get a message out just whisper it in his ear
And with 10 minutes everybody in the play even even on the Mars where they haven't had life in the million billions of years
They'll know about it
He's just one of those guys, you know loose lips like I said before galley loose lip
Synchrix okay
Five six seven oh how come mama girlis oh, that's right. That thing is tonight. I thought he was doing the big stokey thing with Monica
The stokey thing is tonight six to eight o'clock. Are you gonna be there for that or what nobody cares
He's busy chasing down Fidel he says he's gonna get him once and for all
WDQ a.m. Hello
Yes, I'm gonna stay Howard Hughes
Three or four Howard Hughes. Yeah, he was crazy. You're right. Oh crazy or locked up
But I will take the money. How do you like that? Well, let him stay locked up inside eating the ice cream and we'll take the money
Thanks a lot pal. I have a great day
And he can also keep washing his hands a lot see if they would have just had body wars back then right he wouldn't have been so nervous
Five six seven so did the guy give you something? Yeah, I don't say it. No, not good. He gave you what I have horse
Yeah, a little horse. Yeah, I'm a little horse WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to talk about the poor. I want to talk about something else
I want to make a suggestion to all the audience right there. We'll be driving on the turnpike going south
And you see those cameras, you know right after the Cypress Creek pole class. Yeah as you approach
Give them bird just to let them know we know you're watching and we don't care
Right all right. Excellent job pal have a great day. Okay, you're flooring
five six seven oh five sixty and that's another thing this whole obsession with you know, of course
We got the holiday coming up pretty soon Memorial Day next, you know
The amazing point I think about this show today is there's nobody in town
No, you notice that most of my trip to work today was a real
Piece of cake. There was nobody on the road except five ninety five was a little
Outchi here in there, but other than that pretty lame
All right, I mean pretty good right as long as you don't go near any schools that is
Yeah, and then it's a nightmare. I'm trying to think where I was driving the other day
I mean, I know where it was when I went to the dentist on Tuesday
Mm-hmm in the pines
Yeah, and I'm driving on tastery. I'm going out west
And there's a school zone. I like that's right about two houses wide, you know, right? Oh, yeah
One one thing about pember of pines in pember of lakes man. They love speed speed traps
It reminds me of high-disk rodent plantation that's the local cousin yeah, that also in plantation
Sunrise and brown you know, I'm talking about the world of churches are out there the Mormons and the disney Jews and the going everybody else
Yeah, they're at that that's that's what they love they write business. That's all this mm-hmm
And the same and that's one of the reasons I got out of pember lakes. I couldn't handle a punishment
That's a million miles away in the high eighties
Right, you know the island there the uh, sure. Yeah, they did a sit behind the trees. Uh, Doug this road
I remember one I don't even want to go through the story back in the day
Got a ticket from an ornery surley cop they hadn't even there was an intersection where they had not put any stop sign or a stop light
Okay
nothing
And I went through it he said oh you could have killed somebody. I said well, let me ask you well
They haven't finished they haven't put the thing up yet, but I'm supposed to know it's supposed to be waterwards
You know, I came to an intersection. I should have stopped right looked all the way around stopped again
I mean, I guess it wasn't possible that there could have been stop signs going the other way that you know
That I had the right away but there was nothing there. He still wrote me a ticket piece of crap
Parker clown
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I mean like we don't have more important things to worry about all the crap that's going on the world today
And we still got a bunch of brokers sitting in behind the bushes with a radar, you know, old smoky
It's a bunch of crap. Okay, go go save a life somewhere go do something worth a while go save somebody
Go do some real police work
Instead of harassing the poor damn public. That's paying eighty dollars a gallon for gas
man
In fact if they're on it's what if we had like those real close-up mics you know we could have given all the gas they wanted for nothing just a few minutes ago
Boy, it's the one to two hour
I
Here
Well, I was a Christian soldier a god believer all these years
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures
written by queers
Catch me say he's a powerful god and an unknown woman a mighty way
Accepted not 11 when he must have been gone on a bust friend holiday
Take your god and shove it
I ain't gonna worship him no more
Just that you're all right
If you're with us because everybody else is wrong
You're not getting tired of watching people die
Give the name of an invisible lord
Take your god and shove it
I ain't worship him no more
Take your god and shove it
Oh right I ain't worship him no more
The Tainees were forced to curse Islam. How do you like that?
Well then they're showing pictures that the Washington Post released today the moving pictures
Not just your stills, but your moving pictures see if these were al-Qaeda if this was a gitmo
I don't mean to have a lot of problem with that because these people might just have information
I could save a lot of our lives maybe maybe
But this over and again when you they know that the overwhelming majority of these people were just people in a wrong place at the wrong time
That they slept off the street like that cad driver
I'm not gonna be sure unless you torture them
Oh that's right unless you beat it out of them that's right
Within an inch of their life and maybe sometime on the other side of an inch of their life
Right and then you can like stand over the dead corpse and you can like do that
So that's something kill them all let go for it right
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity
Michael Jackson 262 there ain't even nobody close
Mike Tyson 45 Ozzy Osborne 37
Courtney love 29 Denise Rodman 20 Gary bucifftine and Haitian Andy Kaufman 10 apiece and after that it's single digits
Scott for Wells gun 8 he's got to eat
Boy what a second that was
WQA him hello
Is Neil yes sir oh man Neil
Model talk listen buddy
Now can I ask you a question? Yes, sir. You're not gonna vote for Bush are you the only bush. I'll wait is my life. Okay, okay
Okay, anyway, Leo. Yeah, hello
And the the the GSEAN richest you on I saw a couple of minutes. I was busy watching the hockey. You might talk to him
But she beat she really gave
Really sliced and dice push up right and there was public and party she
Too bad she didn't do that in that gubernatorial lesson when he beat her out. I think she was on heavy medications
Oh, and so was he
Yeah, I've been dialing since I'm western. I'm in lake worth. I'm on okitobi road. No, you're going in the right direction
Anyway, I'm gonna have what's right is by the time I'm done right anyway. I love you
Keep up the good work George is a second bananas. Okay, but number one you is I can zone. Okay. Okay. See you
See on a west bank five six seven or maybe the bank in the plantation five six seven oh five sixty
five six the only AT&T and Verizon wireless line Q a m. Hello, I will beat you in the submission
WQ a m hello
Q a m
So this is our first underwater caller of the day from the minisee quarium. How's it hanging?
WQ a m hello
Neil yes, sir. I would say keep moon from the who I don't think the company crazier than him who
Keep moon oh keep moon moon moon. Yes, sir. God at the moon man. He was really really crazy out there. All right. Thank you
Sir and have a great day you too. Okay
No, I wasn't really sure what he said
I know you know, I thought for many said talk about that's what I thought he said we can't say that anymore, Ken
Part of it
Five six seven what we can only we can't say moon if it has to do with like showing your record the world
We can't say moon in that fashion and of course the people of the FCC will be able to
Disciple and dissect that for themselves because they are the mind police also. That's just the word police right but the mind police
Yeah, that was a quadruple on time we got on that one
WQ a m hello
WQ a m hello
Yes, sir
Christopher walkin is Christopher walkin?
Yeah, okay. I'd be running if I was him. Okay Christopher walkin. What do you say crazy?
No, I don't think so. Not even a little. Oh, okay. Well, we give it a shot Pally, but we we're branded by the pole and I know
Said no chance
How so local panel I don't know
For these people they don't understand it. They don't get it. They don't get it. They're not even close to getting it
And maybe that's why see the reason that they're so much in a blue funk today
It's because of the fact like I said before just about everybody's out of town
Right, and so what's on the road are doing every soon and and these people unfortunately are left behind and they're a little on the
Gilleside I am but as soon as their kids are out of school, which is when we could two we could to yeah
As soon as that happens
Then those who can afford to do it out they'll be all gone too and then you'll be on July and August and
You have a great time on sure while you you'll have some dependable people out of hey
You have crazy Ron every hey him jamba jamba. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right
What's not to like and then you'll be getting faxist from the guy that don't listen anymore Jeff Heisenaver
WQA and hello
Hello Neil. Yes. How you doing all right good? How about Dennis Rodman for the whole how about Dennis Rodman?
It's got the 22 votes of me that one. Yeah, okay. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T
I think we've we've pushed them over the edge like I said they can't they can't handle it
You know what I mean? Oh, I know that's it and it's Friday
They already used up all their good material. Oh, you mean all their good drugs?
Taco alone
WQA him hello
Neil yes, sir
Hello, hello Neil yes
How about Tony Lee?
Tommy Lee is a fantastic choice. I like that one. I've seen how this guy gets it. Okay crazy. I'll take another one Bobby Brown
Tommy Lee and Bobby Brown ever seem together. Oh same person. That's a little uh, you know
Shupalish a little bit of that shoe polish Reagan don't need anymore
Ronnie Reagan man, there's a guy was he a president or what?
See Nancy's being punished for that just say no that that's what this is all about. That's why he's hanging on and hanging on
Yeah, he'll probably have to be 110 and that's funny that you know
They do a 180 on their whole stem cell research position when it strikes it, you know close to home right when it's one of their own right
Oh, yeah, well all timers. Oh, we could do something about that
We wouldn't have had to do all of these or horrendous things and live these last 20 years in this
Psychotic kind of state could have been doing something all along right
No, no, we don't want to do that because we'll piss off see that's what it's all about with Carl rove and his whole bush
Groud is who we're gonna piss off, you know
Is it gonna be the Christians? Is it gonna be the Jews and Florida which we need to steal their votes again
And of course they're all whipped up to a frenzy about Israel Israel
Then that's all it's all right of course carry on the other hand. He hasn't figured out who to a alien or please
That's the problem
You can't complain about his campaign because quite frankly there isn't one yet
What you'll see when he picks Wesley Clark that's my prediction. I'll say it again
And then they're not going to be able to turn around say and of course how how a bunch of draped dodging chicken ox can say
Oh, he's wick on a military because he opposed the war and Vietnam
Da yeah when he came back after he risked his life and saved those people right all these things got a test full of metal right
Because he had the balls to come home and tell the truth about how we were butchering people in sacrificing
58,000 of our own kids over there and he enlisted right exactly
He wasn't a draft dodger like all these chicken ox like cheney and all these others and a wall bush
But even setting that aside because the American public is so stupid at any rate
I'll be able to say well we got a four star general over here Wesley Clark
Okay, so if our man needs any assistance when it comes to all of these things about international affairs
I mean our last president had you know, we have some expertise in affairs sure international and all of the play just like
Philip he had one in every port
He did once upon a time
Can I say after one that don't say not no more all you can say now is what Greg said when he came in here
Just quote a grab you do it when you're on okay. I don't want to do it when I'm doing it right now
I bet you why I did let's say
Oh, I could hear that one. Can you hear it?
Well, if you weren't here you could hear it now full book of matches
Okay, none of this expatory stuff. Okay, because then muffled being you're talking about painful
defoliation
You know summertime and soft load of guarantees three things heat humidity and hurricanes
It can't control the weather but you can't control how you protect your home during hurricane season
Florida new code hurricane shutters installed shutters on over 3,000 homes in soft load over the past decade
From panels accordion rolled out or Bahamas shutters
Florida new code hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to pick out the hurricane protection at your home needs
Call 954
868
4935 for your free home estimate if you own a two-story home
You know how much trouble it is using a ladder to put up those shutters
Florida new code now offers you a new steel panel system
Desired to be installed from the inside on second floor windows with no need for ladders
Believe and give you a credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase too
So call Florida new code hurricane shutters today at 954 868
4935 954 868 4935 and of course
And they said just the other day it's gonna be a real active and busy hurricane season
With a whole bunch of hurricanes maybe even
So do it now protect yourself Florida new code hurricane shutters providing soft load of hurricane protection over the past decade
My and look all this is 4205 60
You way you way yeah
Why the you bastard
I'm the type of guy with a big squint head
I went on my fights except the ones who did
Yes, I'm that type of guy
Towned Michael thinks and showed him that he's yours and it's boxing really thinks
I'm the type of guy who always is a bird
I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt
You're the type of guy that thinks and I'm a bum
So I just say to you that you are
See you if you don't
I'm the type of guy with my even and my barb
Only lost one fight and the richest name with robin I'm the type of guy
Who makes the people laugh and put the man down in a minute and a half
I'm the type of guy
Who makes the people stare just because I keep all my passions on his hair
I'm the type of guy and the public just attack me and if you don't believe it
Then you had better ask me
I'm the type of guy
Let's run a kid with two little little kids but I'm the type of guy
If I were you the problem you could what
Yes, I'm the type of guy next fight comes in my face
I'm gonna kick you know that I'm the type of guy
So much
Yeah, I heard it it's the one sixteen that's how it was talking about it five sixty
W.A.M. I saw your eyebrows twitching around in your eyelids
Fluttering into whatever just like 50 Carlos out there probably because that aroma is getting back at you
Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity crazy as in like that
Michael Jackson 276
Mike Tyson 49
Ozzy Osborne 41 Courtney love 29 Davis, Rodman 22 Gary, Bucy 16 and he Kaufman 11 George S Kaufman don't have any yet
And H 10 Charlton Heston 10 10 Nougat 9 Robert Williams 8 which you don't understand that but he's a nuts
He just bugs me. I just uh
And I used to like him once upon a time. Yeah, about the first ten minutes then after that
Scott for L8 is that eight Jonathan wonder seven
Seville's four OJ Simpson only four only four for OJ
Liza Manelli three Howard Hughes spelled with no E there before the yesterday. Oh, sorry
It's got the three almost looks like Howard huge
That was the word Elizabeth Taylor two Wadona rider two only one vote for Margo Kitter Keith Moon and Nicole Smith and Whitney Houston
None yet none yet
Zero for Judy Garland Jerry Lee Lewis Tommy Lee or Bobby Brown
I realized Tommy Lee and Bobby Brown just went on a few minutes ago, but my god they should be climbing up their ladder fast
Bobby Brown
Out of 518 and he's got the big bad
And that you know what the big is bad 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's pick on Galdi some more what you say
Come on
Well, I see the only reason we're not getting any response to that other than that one very outstanding early call the first call
I took which was smart
Is because of the fact that we got no hockey people
See right they don't we knew that they don't in addition which even the hockey people that we do have they either go to the games or they listen
They watch them on TV
How many people I said listen to Panther hockey on the station
But third man that's not a good night when you're playing a team that somebody cares about you know
Mm-hmm you could in these two rooms together you could put some folding chairs and you know and and and that's it
Piping the audio watch the game on TV. No, no, no
Talking about listening on a radio
So it didn't really make any difference who does the games but in any rate
Galdi's running around shooting off a big mouth because he's pissed off
Howard from broken right even more who used to think that Galdi was remember all the times
Galdi loves me either way and get along just fine
Well, now he realizes that even Galdi can't put up with his crap anymore Howard from broken right
And Joe Rose who Galdi really always thought was gonna be the guy he could just latch on to just like a
Kangaroo with the with a pouch if you just hop right in there. Yeah, he thought that was it his lifeline
How the world turns yeah, and now come to find out that blockhead is doing just great on his own
You don't want no part of Galdi so
That's right. He don't want that little propenary. He also can't stand the beast
No apparently now. He don't want to be I mean Zach does a fine job in there in spite of what most said Zach is just fine
And Zach and the blockhead got that little routine that there's going back and forth
Medzac does a fine Harvey green. That's kind of a cute thing
And I'm not telling you something that takes some balls in his brain. You got a guy to use the play for that often
That people would accuse of being a shield for the organization
Which you know who is the shill you know all right. I don't want to pick on my good friend mad dog
But I mean he's a shield for the organization pretty much
But Joe Rose a different kind of a guy horse of a different feather
California boy
Yeah, he and from Solano Ohio see that's a different kind of upbringing. He is surfer
So at any rate and probably was at any rate he I don't have any of your
Compulsions in rip and Harvey green and the fact that they're trying to cover up all of that rickie William stuff and the uh, you know, he smoked a little pot who cares
Man oh man he smoked a little number here and a big fat one over there and who cares all right
Got his haircut. I give him much higher marks for getting his haircut looking human than for like who cares
Whether he spoke to a little reaper or not who cares? I don't
Especially nothing you know, I mean if we were still one to head the long hair the deadlocks people say suffered from reaper madness
but now
Or like on that morning show from creeper madness
5 6 7 0 5 6 the how can he still be here?
This is the longest exit in the history of the entertainment industry
Nobody has ever been leaving a job whether it was a big job a small job a job whatever
As long as Robert the grim creeper he's leaving. He's leaving. He's thinking about leaving. Hey, well pack your salami sandwich
Okay, we'll twist. He's on it. Pray swiss cheese somebody Q a.m. Hello
Hey, how you doing? I love grilled salami and Swiss. Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on? You know go on for the ball. Okay
Uh, what about John Belushi? He was crazy
And probably a little bit too crazy for Zonga. Thank you so much. Thank you. I have a great day job
Belushi. Why do you make a face like that? He was nuts. He was certifiable. Huh?
He was funny. Yeah, I mean you could be funny
It's still be crazy. Ozzy Osborne's funny yourself, but crazy, right? Right? Belushi. Yeah
A little blow problem is what he had yeah a little blow
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line as opposed to like John Candy, right? Who had a little sugar problem?
A little food problem a little food addiction and now he's dead. He's dead. Fat people are the good people and the fat people are the dead people
Go see fat so this weekend. Okay, go rent it by it steal it
The fat people are I'm telling you we're fat and we're getting fat. This is the thing that really uh, it's so typical of what it was happened in America and the world in general
But especially in this country because we're so over commercialized
Since Dr. Atkins croaked since he had that bad slip and fall
The marketing people and you you were the first one to pick up on it and you're right
The Atkins organization man see what what did I always say about him? He had a great died
He was a brilliant guy, but he was a bad marketer that infomercial you step on with the most yeah that real
Jappy broad from the Bronx where come on to the Atkins diet the low-carb
You know nobody wanted to see you should like John Rivers on helium. Oh
And so anyway the marketing people have come along and now we got Atkins
I think we have in place of gonna have Atkins toilet paper sure why not which is gonna make your
Rectome real slim. It's low carb in fact what you do is you just said
Just I want to discuss it made a soy even if you have a painful
Accination just walk away, but at any rate
So now they're marketing like crazy and everybody else is imitating so that's all you hear about our low-carb this and low-carb that and but and the meantime we're getting fatter than ever
I can't believe the number of fat people I see yesterday. I'm watching a cubs game yesterday afternoon
After I got through with all my doctoring after they looked in every orifice they could find and the they got Billy Williams on there with Steve Stone and chip Curie
And Billy Williams now you wouldn't know who that is, but he's a Hall of Fame former black guy former great the couple here
He's in there. He had a puppet on him man. He made fat boy look like a
Liza Manelli. Hmm
I'm telling you a huge puppet we're getting fatter and fatter and oh we got low-carb this and low-carb that and then you look on the labels on the ingredients man
I'm in Walgreens yet. I'm looking at one of these health bars and the carb solutions in this and I look at
49 grams of carbs for a little candy bar the size of your thumb and
And then Hershey's also has these new candy bars low-carb if you see no I haven't look at the ingredients
Toss
So if you're one of those people who's fat and you don't have irritable bowel which I don't know how many how many of those people exist
Then you're you're in luck because you can eat that stuff. It has almost no carbs and you'll be very successful
But if you're like me if you're a fat old slob like me and you got the old ibs
And ispca and the ita and the h where you see then you got real problems
Don't forget gurd and gurd is the word
You know who told me that?
And you know what the mad dog told him you turd right that's what I heard
Let's spank y'ally come on let's spank it a few times okay. You're not getting that gig gully
Okay now no chance and I'll tell you whose love and it was mo
Moe is loving it. I'm always back. I'm the moe like I'm the moe like you
They move more more more more like it
Go make you am hello
Yes Dave. What is it? Dave? Hey Dave. How are you doing? Dave?
I'm good. How are you doing? What's up?
Um want to make it to that shlip of all? Go ahead
Uh um how about John Belushi?
I don't think so
5, 6, 7
Come on that was good you got it
Here's line 9 which we haven't talked to in at least a couple of minutes QA. I'm hello
Neil yes sir
South Florida cops don't like to write tickets, but they will
What does that mean? I don't know that's the commercial they're running on uh your station on this station
Yeah, oh my god. They don't like to write them but they got the quotas. I didn't otherwise blame somebody else
Everyone who ever wrote me one look happy is could be yeah you bet
Especially when they pulled it walked up to the car and uh show me show me everything you got your license
Registration your shoe size whatever you got I want to see it right
I thought this was the car tell administration we had in power
Yeah, these gas prices
Yeah, that's the least we could get away wait wait till you see wait till you see the profits from a exon and share
On all these others at the end of the next quarter wait till you see their record breaking profits and somebody we say
Well, how can they keep making record breaking profits and they keep gouging the public like that something stinks somewhere
Aren't the tankers running from the person golf straight into Texas?
They're running straight into a hypha is what I'm hearing and my choice for a crazy guy. Yes, sir
Joe Coroio. All right. That's good crazy Joe
See there's a good one now. We just had a caller online nine who made some sense
I'm it just after play that you know
Joe Carroyo he's I don't know out of sight out of my kind of thing people actually hated him like poison and deservedly
So but then once he threw the last he canistered his wife
That was kind of like it, you know, yeah one r2 although let me ask you this
I beg your pardon one r or two
He's one of your people and you're asking me how you spell his name you know how to spell all the Jewish names
Yeah, how about Moishi Hanyanko Moishi Pupik. I know how to spell that too. Maybe it's good. Okay
Pupik I'm gonna put two. I don't care what you put on there. Okay, Joe Carroyo
Uh if he's gonna be on there, I'll tell you another one needs to be but nobody remembers him. Xavier Suarez. Oh yeah
At least Joe Carroyo wasn't running around in his bathroom campaigning toward the door at three in the morning
Every night what they'll just happen there. Oh, you know
I didn't again
And sorry Neil
Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
That's the movie
The
132 at 560 WQM no mad dog today guess what we got it to instead though
So booster
Booster you ain't no Dave and boring thank God
Uh booster will be at the Hooters in Pemberg Pines
In fact, you might want to call him up and say you know that guy that you work with on the games
Will you just poke him into ribs once in a while? Wait come up. Just give him like a little elbow
Anyway, then we got the Humber at four the Hebrew hammer four to seven to seven o'clock
Three solid hours man
Then you got the Marlins on deck at seven o'clock
735 Arizona you know, I gotta tell you and we'll see because supposedly they got big weekend ready Johnson
Pitch in this weekend at Don Trill and etc
But those crowds during the week for Houston pretty embarrassing Houston's a very good team
And you know the Marlins lost a few games see I'm afraid when it gets to be June and July and August and it's
Needed to reason the shade. I'm afraid that if the Marlins ain't exactly sent a house on fire like people in those first couple weeks in the season
That just maybe we'll be reverting back to those really paltry embarrassing crowds again
I don't want to say this is a front running town
But when days after the game six is already over with the heating Indiana
And people are still calling on these stupid ass sports shows we got on the station talking about a game
That's been over for days now and this one should have done this and this one should who cares about that
Huh, yeah, I sure don't
Who the hell gives a crap about that
But uh, you know that's the nature of this town give me a winner man
Give me something to grab on to please I'm a loser give me something to grab on to anything
Give me a bandwagon to hop on hop aboard
That's why that whole panther thing from back in 96 is it's a joke
How many hockey fans do we have in South Florida?
I don't know why we still have a team here. I mean I'm glad that we do but um, but why we still do I have no idea
Something to do
No, but it's not something about something to the place to go and be seen and whatever
I guess wander around and drink some beer in a hallway talk on your cell phone right and wave to the guy on the cell phone and the other
You know section one or whatever
It's really sad
There's no real passion about almost anything here five six seven oh five sixty so why should I be surprised
That the nature of the people I've been talking to all week long is you know they're like a automata or a maintenance
Yeah, that's what they are. Oh, what is real listen Cuba that in the same old tired balloon no matter what's going on in the world
See that that goes beyond their ability to reason no confuses with all this my news you okay
All I know is the bigger picture that is that I'm Jewish therefore I must love Israel and defend them at all cost or I'm Cuban
And therefore I must be obsessed with Cuba no matter what the hell is going on in the world
And that's it and don't bother me with anything else apparently evidently you're right
WQA him hello
Hey
This meal yes sir
Richard prior hand a little bit of a problem. I would say he's crazy. You don't think so no
Set yourself on fire. You got to be a little don't get your prior so himself on fire
Right he had a burning desire
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line who do you think is the all-time craziest looney tunes celebrity of them all
Michael Jackson. I mean he's all by himself and of course we can understand that
296 votes, but after that it's a house race
Mike Tyson 53 as the Osborne 41 Courtney's glove 29 Denise Robbins 24 Jerry's buce his got 21
Chuck Heston 12 Andy Kaufman 12 and H 10 10 new jinton everybody else including for well single digits. We can get for all up into 10
If we get like one more vote for for rest
He's only got nine out of control lunatic maniac
Loose cannon all of these things
WQA him hello
Yeah, he's playing me
WQA him hello
Hey Neil how are you doing okay?
I'm kind of late, but he would have got a lot of votes. I think Bobby Knight's kind of a whack-jump
Bobby Knight's good. He is crazy very good choice and you got all weekend so maybe he can catch up he can play catch up
Absolutely, and it goes in
See that was so bad
He's doing nothing that so you gave a bad look there, but he's trying his best to do a little
But he just don't have it yet practice makes perfect all weekend log
It'll keep you off the street pal out of trouble just keep doing the guldies
Yeah, the important part is the slap. See I just slap yourself real hard. How come I never played that bit which one?
Uh do the guilty. I bet it's not in here. I never heard of it do the guilty. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that one
I don't think it's in here. No, I got it though. You have it. I don't
You don't have crap in here, man. This thing is embarrassing
Even like
Oh, what is that? Oh, that's that thing again oops. I like that though when you least expect it because it's so loud
Man, the things here the hell out of every man. I look at a lot now. Where's that one where he says?
Come on, Gellie. You can do it. We only got a four-hour show
Uh
Gellie sings the shield. I don't know you don't watch the shield up the butt. Oh five six seven oh five six
Well, that's where they were checking yesterday if they cleave them. Finna. Yeah
They want you team of spill on through. There was even Duff said he never had a line like that
five six seven oh five sixty
Oh five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's what he said
WQAM. Hello
WQAM. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, I wanted to say Jason Williams put him on that pole. Somebody said did we ever put him on or what?
I don't think so. Yeah, well, we'll do it now just because you said no, I don't think so we decided. No, we we took it to committing and we decided
No, no
Just because you know like dogs in the limo drivers. That's his you know, it's up to him
Besides they killed themselves and he walked away. Mm-hmm. Yeah, the dog was definitely a suicide
I got ready to report the follow-up on it the dog definitely off himself
It was a suicide
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and that fat boy man
I'm glad that you and he are getting really tight, you know what? I think he tries
tries what
To be an oil trying to ambush people like he did to me on Monday. That's all part of him
That's why he has found this spicable unacceptable and spider-want is boyfriend on the facts machine
You'll see you'll see how many days before he's back. He ain't ever went anywhere. Of course not
What do you mean? You know what this reminds me of I was thinking about this before
Back in the day. I mean I'm talking way way back Ws. News back in it
You know old-time talk radio topical talk radio the all I crap
And it was the same it was a different bunch
It was the same crap and somebody who you know loved you and liked you and I love
But all you had to do was look at them cross-citer make one comment that they disagreed with and they would uh
Well, you you of course that we didn't have factions come in those days. It was all in the phone, you know or letter
You I'm never gonna listen to you again. You are the worst of them all the other crap because we have to agree with all of them all the time
Now of course you can't possibly agree with all people all the time because they all got different opinions
But uh nevertheless don't confuse them with the facts
You must agree with them at all times and everything you must be say must be in uh goose step with what they say
Maybe that's why a lot of these people like bush so much. They like the old goose step or at least they like the old goose
And box cars right ovens
showers right
And then again like I said that soap
20 liquid soap right liquid soap. Oh, I wonder who's in that bottle
Wouldn't it be wouldn't it be something if like I've after I used the whole bottle of that body wash now to bottom
I saw Todd Rex named stamped on there wouldn't that be bad?
Oh, I would stand the shower with like some real soap for hours. I would get like mr. clean
And listarine and just in the power tower. I spleen. Yeah, the old shower of power
Speaking of alcohol steam. So I sold his house here is what you're good friend Alan saw in his house because he's broken
He's moving it out in California. I'm married that 23-year-old bin bed
I never matter poor out. Yeah, I mean he made his own funeral
But they really were out to get him and he helped him out. You know, yeah, they were out to really nail his ass and he had been over
And even muffs it. That's not necessarily a good idea, but attention man 20 till two at five sixty
Reckham. Yeah, when I told him about my exams yesterday
He he looked at me. There was a tear of jealousy in his eye. I could tell spring in the savings right now and save like never before on the new car
Truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead speaking of fat boy
They're on US 120 minutes south of the 836 and Armstrong Toyota homestead is worth the drive from just about any place because
They're gonna save you so much cash thousands and zillions on great new toyotas
Check out the great least deals that are waiting on you right now an 04 camera your for winner
Just 269 a month for 48 months. How about an old for highlander? You pay only 309 a month need a truck
How about an 04 Toyota tundra? It's the safest truck in the US of eight you pay just a
179 a month for 48 months and easy just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong
Toyota homestead talk to general managers david rich and the staff you love doing business with them
They will do just about anything to get you a deal cut today and their service department is even open late till late
We'd nights to make sure they get all your service work done for you
Easy to find them and you really ought to they're conveniently located at US one and 293rds
Retina homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836 and they offer you a deal right now
The likes of which you seldom hear of in your lifetime
Armstrong to it oh homestead offers your free tires batteries and replacement parts for life for the life of the vehicle
That's right tires batteries and free parts for life. Who else would do that?
So forget about the big mega dealers and car giants who give those screaming loud car commercials and then
Under the liver call david rich the GM at Armstrong to it oh homestead for a deal. It is unbelievable
Call 305 242
32 47 no BS just the best deals in town
305 242 232 47 drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
We're supporting you five six
You a.m
I urge everyone to complain to this station
I'm the next episode of the shield guilty young steam stars as big Mackey
I got none of the stadiums out of here
You're a bad man a very bad man
I'm gonna bring your face on the stove here
Pension mounds when guilty faces off with captain mode
I don't think this I saw of you doing the the guy yeah
That's right and I want to keep it on the rat see okay
I don't want nobody knowing what went on there could need my career
You're sacred is sacred be good
I got it
Hey
Hey everybody
Captain mode put the mode in
Home mode
146 at 560
WQAM
Taking toilet or is taking talking toilet or is German men to sit down
I'm tongue tied from this and you would be too
A German inventor who developed a gadget that be rates
Manifly try to use the toilet standing up as sold more than 1.6 million devices his business manager says
German women fed up with the man with a poor aim can turn to the ghost shaped gadget
Which looks under the toilet room and if the seat is lifted it clears in a stern female tone
Hello, what are you up to then put the seat back down right away
You are definitely not the peace standing up you will make a right mess
Alex Benhart 46
Invented the WC ghost and its creators are negotiations to market in Britain Canada and Italy
How do you like that?
A toilet that talks back at you
Yeah
I did boot you some of those
So you won't be lonely now wait till you're this
Interrep whatever the hell that is release the results of its winner arbitrawn audience format analization
Spanish and hot AC sort of record levels in the survey
Which is why I guess CMQFM when soaring up there to the top
Like a rotten banana floats to the top
The latest results represent continued growth for the growth for the group a group group a format's classified under the
Spanish label
Topping the record set in the fall 2003 report
Spanish years are up nearly a full point the last year because nobody speaks English you're no more
No, I bet you don't have that in there either
sure we did
Don't we I don't even know what it's called
It's called nobody speaks English and guess what it ain't in there
Your DCS blows yeah, I don't think we had it news talk remains the most listened to specific format classification
Although they combined news talks sports category is off slightly as the sports segment gave back some of the extra listening
Generated last fall do you hear that?
No, let me say it again news talk remains the most listened to specific format
Although the combined news talk sports categories off slightly as the sports segment
gave back some of the extra listening generated last fall
Huh the sports segment in other words people are secondary and about rickie this and rickie that and
What what's at the quarterback what tells his name that limperist I mean
CHR means the third rank format category with a slight shift from dancer the oh feeling good
That's his name goody-feely feeling goody from dancer the pop segment in the latest book urban health study and fourth place
Overall followed by AC
AC adult contemporary drop back a bit after fall rating surge when the results contained virtually no changes for country a
Classic rock oldies new rock and jazz other of course the classic rock then big 106 which went tumbling tumbling down to the bottom
Okay enough to make you cry
Because Howard's stirring got taken off of big 106. It's a major story to anybody really write about those numbers
No Howard con no Glenn Garvin Glenn Gary Glenn Garvin. No, Tom jicke. No
Just amazing how many really meaningful stories that go on in this market and they can't be bothered
Speaking of meaningful stories
Previously secret sworn statements by detainees at the abble great prison in a rack described in raw detail
Abuse that goes well beyond what's been made public adding allegations of prisoners being ridden like animals
sexually fondled by female soldiers and forced to retrieve their food from toilets
Retrieve their food from toilets you turk like we're gonna cue an
The fresh allegations of prison abuse are contained in statements taken from 13 to 10
E shortly after soldier reported the incidents to military investigators in mid-January
The detainees said they were savagely beaten and repeed repeatedly humiliated sexually by american soldiers working on the night shift at
Tier 1A and abble grabbed during the holy month of Ramadan
According to copies of the statements obtained by the Washington Post
Some said they were pressed to denounce islam or force fed pork and liquor. They were eating trough
Many provided graphic details of how they were sexually humiliated and assaulted
Threatened with rape and forced to masturbate in front of female soldiers
How do you like that like you said?
Fagory is alive in one
Here's guy
In the
Such
On your next slide
I want you to die today
I'm rummando rummando rummando rummando
I'm just proud of me
I'm rummando rummando rummando
I find up right this lead
With no regard for you, my die
Okay
Baw, baw, baw, rummando
Rummando
Rummando
Rectum
Baw, baw, baw
I want you to say that today
I'm rummando rummando rummando
Rummando, I love you
Rectum, rummando rummando rummando
Rummando rummando
Rummando rummando
So how are they?
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
So Randy Moller, the director of communications and broadcasting and humiliation for the
Florida Panther Organization, says over his dead body, Steve Geldig-Gelstein, will be
doing that thing.
Of course, I don't know what thing he was talking about.
I just made that up.
157 at 560 WQM.
Now what was that thing you just dropped in there?
What was it to his head?
K.
Oh no.
What?
Play that again.
K.
Oh no.
Do you hear the way she said that?
No!
Wow, that was painful.
No!
No!
No!
No!
Anyway, 157 at Booster stand and buy over there at Hooters and the Pines, he's going to be
a doin' 2-2-4 for the Mad Dog, who just like me now, he's taking a page out of the
Neo-Rudges' workbook, works whatever he feels like it.
Right?
There was at least one other day this week he didn't show, right?
Right, at least.
And then the next two weeks we've got, let's count him a three, not one, not two, but
three, Marlon Day game.
And then it'll be from Monday's Memorial Day, which means George is working that day.
Oh, I like this schedule, man.
Just remember that Neo-Rudges motto, it's a good motto to live by, let's work in more
pay.
Less hours, more money.
That's, everybody should be demanding that.
More vacation, more time off, more money.
I thought your motto was, let's work more.
K.
Well that too.
Well if you have less work, you got more time for that.
Anyway, here's the, oh, he's out so far.
Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity?
We're talking crazy, man.
Lunatic, 613 votes.
I don't think they like this poll.
That's because it's so one sided.
We probably should've said, aside from the King of Plop, who's the, you know what I mean?
But that's okay, just forget his honor.
Michael Jackson, 321.
Crazy, irresponsible, pedophile.
Mike Tyson 57.
Ozzy Osborne 44.
Courtney Love has got, Dennis Ryman 25 for Denise Gary Bucy 24.
I'm telling you one thing, if I saw Dennis Ryman sitting in a public
tea room, I would not go in there.
No, no, I would not go anywhere near there.
To do anything Gary Bucy 24, Andy Kaufman 16.
Charlton Hasden, old Chuck Scott 14.
14.
Thank you.
OJ has got 13.
I like the number OJ, I think they're going to come and get your ass this weekend.
The next week, the rest of you.
Pathetic, murdering piece of crap.
And H10, Ted Nugent 10.
Robin Williams 9.
Ferrell's got 9.
Scott Ferrell, remember him?
He's got 9.
I said do one more so we get to 10.
He can't do it.
Come on, do some up there a little bit.
Goose up Ferrell.
Jonathan Winters 8, Howard Hughes without the E is got 6.
Sid Vicious 4.
Liza Mennellie's only got 3.
Liz Taylor's got a peer.
And the Coul's got a big peer.
Would honor Ryder 2.
Keith Moon 2.
Joe Carrillo has got the 2.
2D Garland 1.
Whitney Houston only 1 for Whitney Houston only 1 for Bobby Brown only 1 for Margot
Kitter.
You can me.
Xavier Suarez has won.
He's got his bathroom on right now.
And no votes yet for John Belushi, which she was called in what 40, 50 times at least.
Jerry Lee Lewis don't have any.
I think it's normal.
Gamers is 5 year old cousin.
What's wrong with that?
Tommy Lee don't have any Richard prior none and Bobby Knight don't have any.
We just don't have that basketball crowd.
But I'm sure that once the boobster comes on and we exhaust the Marlin talk after the
first 5 minutes, we can rehash all of that good stuff about the heat game game 6 and
why they lost and how come they didn't do this and how come they didn't do that at
Citraman so on right?
Yeah hoops.
Let's talk hoops.
And then if there's any time left over we can discuss how wide Kelly shouldn't get
that Panther Jack.
Bye bye bye.
The man who's the right to show unplicit is a new QA and he might have been for Margot.
Attention man.
Does she like to feel relaxed once again?
No!
No!
