No risers is coming up next QM sports time is 10 o'clock
Right on a score show we're done
We are leaving one track, but we are going on another track
We're not dropping out
We're going to watch it in the scene and take back the way out
All I can say about that is or anything else for that matter 10 on one at five sixty WQ
I remember the good old days remember those days
Yeah, we used to have a little bit of freedom of speech not a lot when we could used to say something beside that and
The thing that just amazes me. I'm just I don't know why am I amazed I don't know
Because they tell me nobody seems to care. It's like
What what does it take is there any possibility of waking up the American public?
I don't think so far as I think is that what it is? Yeah, I think that's what it takes
Here's George's pulled by the way we want to well point out we got the lovely downtown Julie Brown featured on our
Be Beaded the curtain
Our beaded curtain section behind behind the velvet rope
There's any slow back there with the downtown Julie Brown. You ought to see what they're doing. Yeah
But if you go to the erudges.com you got the beaded curtain section
Which means you have to certify you over the age of 18 to look at it by showing your ID to the computer screen right?
That's right hold it up. I think it's kind of interesting that once John Ashcroft's picture got on that website
That all of us didn't got that gallstone pack retitis, which he's still ill and from and which we say oh right
Don't die a real painful death just I soon. That's what we say with the attorney general anyway
We asked what should be allowed over the broadcast their waves Georgia as that on a Friday
1941 votes
Anything allowed by the first amendment well that's back in the days when we had the first amendment back in the day in the olden days
Oh look at this a piece of copy from that deadbeat Todd Dreck I wrote them
Yeah, well you got the wrong year
But anyway, no we got some copy today folks. I think since we can't say anything anymore
Just listen to some of these spots today. That'll that'll make you laugh your ass off. Oh, I say ass
I don't care. I'm not
1941 votes what should be allowed over the broadcast their waves not much anymore except and maybe one of these one of those
Anything allowed by the first amendment 1435 votes
Anything that isn't profane the seven words the George Carlin dirty little words like the one that the Hank uttered to screw in
And by the way, we'll get to that story
Whatever you said there are Hank I multiply times a thousand oh cast second at emotion and then some visible hateful bitch
Anything that isn't profane 289 only material that promotes God or Jesus 140 think they're talking about
Right, Jesus right isn't sexual or extratory now just change it again
49 only
Only content appropriate for children 29 of 1946 little tiny little children
Now here's the poll we're gonna be doing today. How much is do a poll on us every day and thought finally wait these bastards up?
Well good luck to you howard sperm says he's finished
I don't know what he said this morning because of course in South Florida you can't hear him and I'm not in South Florida anyway
But even if I could I wouldn't be listening but he said on Friday that they're under verge of pulling the plug not just on the six
Cheap channel stations but nationwide and we find out from one of the few real broadcast people in the building if Q
I am today that this week they're gonna be 12 more FCC fines gonna be coming down I
Don't I don't have any information to tell me who they're gonna be
Against but I have a feeling
That it might be against some people you know including howard sperm
He's expected a big one this week and that'll like that'll be the end that'll be finito
So here's my poll question today and I can't understand why it is so difficult to get it across to you people
You're having the first amendment to billow rights your freedoms are being stolen right in front of your eyes and the public is like
And it's your sarni's right before I get to this poll
All these articles about Hank being suspended. Well, they didn't say it was being suspended
But he was supposed to be a big secret till Greg open up his big mouth with his with his stually there very Jackson at the hero
If you want to see who the mole is Greg just look in the mirror that big everything on the top where most people's head is on the top of your neck
That's the mole Greg
You're it
Where the hell is that oh here it is Jim sarni
In the Sun Sentinel says in a
In the middle of a bunch of rambling thoughts. He says
W Q a m should paint collars who don't want to talk about the dolphins the same stuff day after day. It is un
Listenable. How do you like that? Jim sarni
Mr. Sports nerd himself
Mr. Usually sucking around heavy duty says it is un
Listenable absolutely
All dolphin we don't even have a sports station
We don't even have a sports bar with a micro only have a dolphin bar with a microphone
And it is so ponderous. It's just it's unbelievable
Anyway, here's the poll
Why isn't the public up and arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech?
I think that's pretty direct. Don't you understand that? No, could you explain it five more times? Okay
Why isn't the public up and arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech? What do you talk about?
Here's the five choices
Because the media is mostly ignoring it
Because they're too stupid to understand it meaning the public too
stupid
Because they don't have any leadership
Correct the only leader we got is what's his name from Wisconsin?
Ron what's his name? Russ fine gold
You go Russ. Good Jewish Democrat boy
Because they don't have any leadership because they don't give a Schmidt
Or because freedom of speech is just a saying in America. I don't know which one I'm going to vote for
It's tough
It's a tough choice when they use all three polls
Uh, I think I like the last one. They're pretty good freedom of speech. It's just a figure of mine
It doesn't exist. I got the second one. What is that stupid? Oh, is there stupid?
Yeah, and speaking of that, where the hell was he this morning? Well, we got some real tourists man at QAM
Where was the mom I steer? I don't know
Kind of a busman's holiday. There's one thing I can't stand stupid as people that don't show up all the time
Yeah, vacations and all kinds of stupid excuses
No more excuses, Moe see now. I told you something to get to the Hank thing
WQ and hello
Yeah
Yeah
Anyway, getting back to what I was just about to say yet how many they got about third man
About Hank so Hank was suspended because he mouth off its screw and winic now the thing of it is screw
Went to when crying to Greg oh, you know, that's uh, he's uh call me names and like I said whatever he called you honey
Believe you me. I don't know what it is, but it was an understatement. Okay no matter what the words were
And understatement and I'm thinking to myself well if that's an actionable offense
According to company guidelines. How about today that I was there in January and I walk into the I come out of my car
I go into walking the door. There's the moment who says to me F you and F the ground that you walk on well. How do you like that?
Yeah, where's love?
Before he made that feeble attempt to try to win me over on his side
Which I almost got sucked into for one day one day of weakness, but at any rate
Well, what kind of what kind of activities that talk about an unacceptable a hostile workplace and environment?
You should file a complaint should file a formal complaint
Because as far as I'm concerned that's a bunch of right
We still we still can say yeah, but I will say that and if I like the best about what they're doing now whether taking away your
All your entertainment taking away humor or taking away comedy taking away anybody's ability to say anything
Is the not only they make it up the rules as they go along, but they're just making up the amounts of money defines
Oh, not not
27,500 not 275,000 how about 500,000 well, I got a better idea. How about a billion dollars? How about a cagillion?
How about a billion dollars for example? There's one billion
There's two billion three billion dollars in study and ten after ten yet. We're already three billion dollars in a hole
I can't see in the hole. Can't say help them see there you go
So it's making it up as they go along in the public sits back
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, like like that and this isn't a Republican Democrat thing either
Like I've been trying to tell you for a long time. There's one party that's more malignant
And we know which one that is the one in power right now, but they both suck
Your government doesn't care about the bill or rights
There's nobody other than Russ fine-qualed that I'm seeing it's got the balls to stand up there and say hey
Guess what you're just making up this crap as you go along because you want a cater to the right wing
lunatics out there
To the senator max brownback of Kansas who's a raving lunatic and all these other right wing religiants
He's goody too. She was you know, it's very simple if you don't like a show turn it off
No, like the language on a show don't watch it
If you don't like the acting don't watch it watch something else watch
Bugs Bunny cartoons anything you like oh not anything you like no more
It's all over with boys and girls haven't tried to tell you that for a long time
And this past couple of weeks. It's just astonishing to me
I'm over there in Europe in Berlin and Amsterdam and every day I'm going online on the internet
And those internet cafes which are great by the way. Thank goodness for the internet so far
So far while supplies last yeah when they finish with cable TV and satellite radio then they'll start working on the internet
That'll be next
This is fascism at its worst. This is in my lifetime
Mm-hmm. This is the worst
Attack on American freedoms ever. There's nothing that even was close even a McCarthy era was a picnic compared to this right
And here the public sits back
What times the game on who's gonna be the quarterback for the dolphin you're right Jim. Sorry
We'll all do a apologies to my close personal friends at QM and by the way. I'm a hundred I'm 500 percent behind Hank Goldberg. Okay
How many a hopper get his ass back around here and Greg reads quote and very jackasses column. This is unbelievable to me
Read was non-committal about Goldberg's future with WQA. I want to take some time and talk to my corporate people read said
This could have been resolved in a dare to but because of the actions of the attorneys
It's forced us to look at the totality of Hank's contribution to the radio station in his performance. What a crocka crap that is
Well, if this man is dumbed on radio station in spite of a minimal promotion or minimal assistance
speaks for itself. It's legendary. He's a uh a big shot. Okay. Big time all the way
Last trends come out afternoons bad in fact this station between 10 in the morning and seven o'clock
We're doing just fine. Okay. Not the big gigantic numbers. We used to have before because Albert Tron can't figure out how to do the numbers anymore
Anybody who speaks English or they do know how to do them, but they just don't want to
And then our consultant Bill Tanner he goes in radio and records magazine and is winding on behalf of the Spanish language stations that he represents
He's a consultant for oh, arbitrage just doesn't know how to do it right
Yeah, I got a lot to say about you miss Tanner. Okay
bitch
Anyway, I can't say that
Speaking of nasty bitch. I'm gonna tell you something right now
This piece of copy I want everybody in the audience. I want you to listen
I want you to hang it if you think that Hank was out of out of our control and bitching out our sales managerist
screw-and-winnick
If you think that I get carried away by talking about a bunch of sales people who couldn't find their damn toenail with a with a compass and a search party
Wait till you're this piece of copy from the great first rat bird. Oh, you got it in years. I don't have one
The one that goes oh Troy you know, no, I don't think so. Yeah, I'm free. I do Troy. I got it
Oh, holy crap. Troy you're an idiot. Troy. Troy. You're a moron. Troy
Are you overweight problems controlling your diet because you were diabetic the answer to your problems is glance for life
Lance Troy. Yes, no calling no shipping
No cleaning no worries just results Troy three
Gormet meals geo our MET three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks believed right oh your door
Set up
SETP. Let me read that sentence again
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks believed right oh your door setup
Now throughout month of March you were loved one can win a free month of balance for life just log on to their prestigious website balanceforlife.com
And check out their contest page to see how you can win a free month of balance for life or better yet
Call them and tell them that
Troy is an idiot call 9545683229 that's 954
Troy 5683229 balance for life. It's the real weight loss program not a drastic or crazy diet regimen
That's only going to force you to put on more weight when you're finished
Once again
That's balanceforlife.com log on and change your life for good and change true for good too, please
Just push when you're spicy
You way
Oh my god your breasts are beautiful
George Bush and the troops on down he gonna make some peace from riots and lustry
Total energy as soon as our speed was walking out the door
Your mind
I kind of get the feeling it's a setup for
So I'm just gonna push the bars to help us campaign now
We're just soon it'll all get better like around November when it's spoken time now
Oh
1015 and 560 WDQM on happy Monday to every day is gonna be a real unhappy miserable day until we get something done
I'll say that right now no more happy days
That's what Ronnie Howard said no more happy days for him
90 votes on a poll so far
I want to have like 300 on there already you people ought to be foaming it to mouth and said they're probably busy looking at downtown
Julie Brown well while they still can't I can't destroy it
If behind that being in curtain why do you still can boys and girls and others shut up damn at least over the age of 18
I shouldn't have said boys and girls out over the age of 18 before it turns into an iron curtain right
No, I already hit did 101 votes. Why isn't the public up in arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech god
What I call it was
This is gonna be 90% of the show from right
In fact that's spark for balance for that blance blance for life
I think genie must have written that spot my mage in me. I think she was writing about blatch for life something like that
Give her you use that Clarke's blatch. It's great stuff. Hey Troy a man. I'm telling you one thing you can't complain about your IQ
One idiot
105 votes because they're too stupid to understand it 42
They're stupid
Because the media is mostly ignoring it 21 they're worried about a cool and Haiti was we stuck the guy in your tour three different times already
Clinton sent 20,000 troops in there in 1994 to get his ass back in there and they're worried about a cool and Haiti
Which the guy what once he complaining about he's in the center life again Republic for cry out loud. That's wrong with that
nothing
Well, I mean can make any phone calls they can't do anymore interviews and stuff like that
But you know to say that he was kidnapped or that it was a bloodless go
Meanwhile, we got a bloodless cool in America going on right now
Bubba loves fungeon Tampa off the air that brought out there in
California, what's that was her name on at the artsy farcey station? I got it here somewhere
Did you have that story?
Yeah, well, I don't remember her name was
Sandrit Singh Low
KCRW FM
in
California
and she got canned
Because she had picked some commentary and it was a four-letter word in there
We don't know which one because God forbid that you put that in the Sun sent
See this is another thing. It's not just whether you can hear the Howard Stern show or the me arrived your show or the Bob and Tom show or the
Bubba the love spon show or any other damn show
That's just the start
Next it's gonna be where you're gonna get your news. Well, there won't be any more NBC or CBS or only be Fox no more ABC
They're just Fox all spin all day
And there won't be any Sun sent or even a Miami Herald anymore in New York times or Washington post
You're gonna be getting all your newspaper from where they are your information from whatever newspaper they tell you
I have never even dreamed in my wildest nightmares that this could go on in broad daylight
Just like the way they stole the election and floater right there in front of your faces right in broad daylight
Would that goofy judge with a big eye looking up at that Chad, you know hang in Chad Google I
I think that's what they're gonna be doing on passions today is hanging Chad, but at any rate
Yeah, things are going back to that stage you're gonna probably hang in from a goddamn maple tree wouldn't surprise me at all
And America just sits back, you know
Little like that nothing faces us
Nothing bothers us
We're too busy award. I what are they worried about?
I don't know and then the excuse about the Janet Jackson thing
That flat that that was just the opening if you part of the expression that they were waiting for that's just exactly what the
The Nazis were waiting for
We got the word police. We got the uh nose pick and police. We got the sex police the pleasure police the smoking police the
J walking police
The radio police the teeny police the booby police
By the way, guess who died I give it why you let me get so excited on my first day back after nice vacation
I don't
And it's yeah, I'm really pissed off and fired up not not not for a show. I mean for real
I'm just I'm just really
Fulming at the mouth with anger and hostility inside coaches that
Stuff that was okay 10 years ago and it was okay 20 years ago
Now all of a sudden it's not okay. Not only is it not okay. We're gonna find you a trillion dollars
Right and then we're gonna take away your license. What's time did it stop and your shoes and your
pop-up toaster
Whatever you got we want it what pops up doesn't it? Yeah, no. See there he goes again. I can't help it
Yeah, we you better help it okay just think about those two little kids you got okay forget about your wife
I know what you did to you but think about those little kids all right stop uh saying you can't help it
You better start helping it right now
Yes, who died I already told it there there's a picture here if you can go to the
CNN.com
You you must see before you die you must see this picture
It's from sport or you can go directly to sports illustrated.com the story is Ted Williams son dead of leukemia
835
And there's a picture
John Henry Williams talked to his father Ted Williams on February 17, 2002 in Hernando, Florida
and Ted is in a wheelchair with it uh, I mean even in the proto-secondary of publics you'll never see vegetable like this
All right, I'm on it. Are you looking at it? Yeah
Did you got the picture? Yeah, and and uh, what's that thing on his lap
Forget about the thing on his lap. Look at the look at his push. Yeah, look at that
Oh my god, so when he first he died, he died and now his son died
Now the reason that there's uh, and nobody would even care about this except for the fact that this son John Henry
Williams was the um centerpiece of that controversy surrounding his father's remains
He's been battling the leukemia for months and he's simmering had a bone marrow transplant using a donation from cloddy his younger sister
Williams said in october he'd been diagnosed with acute my I can't read that word some kind of a leukemia that month the UCLA medical center
Ted Williams brother Danny Williams where leukemia died at the age of 39
After his father died July 5, 2002. That's my mother's birthday by the way July 5
John Henry Williams had his father's buddy taken him in Arizona, cryonics lab for
freezing setting off a battle with his half sister who said her father wanted to be cremated now
Maybe he was already frozen before they took that picture. We're looking at you think
Oh
Everybody's got to take a look at that forget about downtown julie brown for right now
You got to see Ted in that chair wow wow wow wow holy cow
Anyway, the youngest daughter dropped her objections in December 2003. It a matter was settled and uh, whatever
They got his frozen head somewhere is shrunken head
In fact, you can probably buy it at the flea mark from the rearview mirror. Sure. I did he say we're again
There you go
You getting right close to the edge. Let's see bill says I could barely get up to walk to the facts machine to send you
This my sides are killing me the balance for life spot was the funniest damn 60 seconds of radio. I've heard it a long time
I'm not I'm sure if it wasn't so pitiful to you would make you laugh
I don't understand all you can do about it is cry and bill says that is great radio. How do you like that?
Well, at least he says that long live free speech. Oh, there ain't no free speech. See now the whole country is getting
Like date county where free speech was eliminated a long time ago that is great radio a little late Larry, but thanks
And that's what bill says sorry too late for long live free speech
Thank you bill glad you got a good chuckle out of Troy being such a jerk such a schmuck
Such a chocolate-headed goofball. Oh, there he goes again. See gonna get in big trouble with Greg
By the way, speaking of Greg read thanks very much Greg from my 20th anniversary on Miami the Friday before I left on vacation a week ago Friday
Not a card not a note not an email not an up yours not a hey congratulations nice go a kneel didn't come into the studio nothing
Just totally ignored by Greg read that's the kind of guy that we work for just like Hank says you can't talk to this guy
That's why I always winds up with the attorneys if there's any kind of disagreement any kind of agreements
Which it that's just the way business goes, you know your dealing with an emotional cripple his name is Greg Reed
And so everything always gets ugly and out of control
I hate you good the feeling is mutual okay
God
Well unhappy anniversary to you too Greg all in your case I guess well
1027 at 560 Wtqm are you in a dead-end job working for some real schmuck?
Are you underpaid and overworked if you like a new high-paying career
But you just don't have four years to waste on college or maybe the money to get you through it
And you still can do something smart pick up that instrument and call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train
By the way of Todd Dreck asked for an air check of this spot Josh the answer is no two air checks because Todd's an idiot
Fast train can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career in as little as four short months
It's true. It'd be true. You can be fully trained already for a new career in as little as four short months
Let's see April made June July
July like maybe by the time my mommy's birthday comes around again if it might fast train offers day
Evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule too fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid for guys who qualify
And with six I think it's seven now by the way see this is an old piece of copy
They try to cover his ass with fast trains got seven convenient floor locations out of Serbia
So don't delay pick up that phone and change your life for real right now call fast train tool free at 866 fast train or check
out of the web fast train dot com don't delay column today one 866 fast train and be sure to tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call
My and local here sports radio 560 su-a-m
Yeah
It's me fired up when I hear someone say that what word did you say
The word
Okay
You are a violent, a better bureaucratic, printing value.
You do not confess the name of some person, great figure.
We will kill you with the name of Jesus.
You will live this way, say, not as we do.
The best of these, they want the best of us.
The best of these, they want the best of us.
The best of these, they want the best of us.
The best of these, they want the best of us.
Eric says, can we add because you are lazy to push your go for it, Eric.
It is a little nice to work for you, but you can handle it.
You can burn up calories up there.
It is better than plants for life.
There is the billboards, thanks to the lovely McGill.
Look at that thing.
What is that local coverage?
That is cute.
It looks like somebody is attracting some lovely female in that local coverage.
It is a real sick looking picture of me.
It is a real sick looking picture of me.
No, come on, little glasses on, come on.
Even for me, that is pretty bad.
Listen, tend to 2W2M.
Does it have my name on it?
Or is it just like...
Dude, right on top.
Sports rate, well, the thing is so big.
It is huge, you wish.
It is.
It is.
It is the gigantic billboard.
But there you go.
See, Greg is taking care of me.
Big time.
Up yours, Greg.
Idiot.
And don't be messing with the Humper, okay?
And the afternoon.
Hey, stop it.
Jesus, what is wrong with that place?
Every time I go on vacation for a couple days, I come back in the whole place, it is falling apart.
Oh, Hank got suspended because he bitched out, Scroan.
When I see the billboard.
Hank comes to work last Tuesday, pulls into our covered parking area down there for the big shots like us.
And Scroan has got the adora for jaguar, evidently a jar.
Her door is a jar.
Quite frankly, I think her dome is a jar too.
Any rate.
Oh, I got a, oh, I had such a great line.
Can't do it though.
Nope, nope.
Let it go.
It had something to do with something that you buy in jars in the supermarket.
But anyway, Jenny, so many, no.
Where do you shut up?
Here we go.
So, Hank's been a pull-in and the parking is a zoom-a-beer, whatever he's driving.
And he's got the door open to her car.
She's been, you know, doing her interroutine of noxious nasty bitch.
And so, Hank, Hank, give her a little honk, little honky.
And wanted to pull in there.
So, I guess she finally closed her door.
It says, Goldberg says she gave him an angry look.
This is according to Jim Sarni, who is the QA man of the sports talker's boring.
Goldberg cursed that.
Or I'm ready to go back to work.
I don't know what's going on, Goldberg said who was in New Orleans over the weekend on a horse racing assignment for ESPN.
Greg Reed hasn't talked to me.
Hasn't asked me what happened.
I don't know if I've been suspended.
I don't know if I'll be back on Monday.
So, he was suspended.
He was asked to go home.
He was told to go home on Tuesday, right?
Is that correct?
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
Evidently, see, I don't know.
The one thing that Hank really bugs me is the way he whips out so easy.
This is the last time, too, when they lied and said he was suspended before we came on the station, remember that?
Yes.
He was suspended in 97 because allegedly criticizing Wayne High Pinger.
That had nothing to do with it.
He was suspended back then because of the fact that he bitched out great close personal buddies, the water Nazi and screwing it.
There is always scrant in the middle of things, huh?
Don't say it.
Don't say it.
Don't say it.
Don't do it.
Bro!
Was it he felt efficient?
At any rate.
So, uh, and of course, Greg doesn't talk to him.
And Hank has to call Sandy Borr, his attorney, and say he's all been out of shape and rightfully so.
Don't mess with the hopper, okay?
He's one of the centerpieces of our radio station.
You've already put your enough of that up, Greg, in the last couple of years.
You've put your, and we can't recover.
Well, that last train man, you can't complain about that morning number because we don't have one.
It's just, it's pathetic.
Anyway, here's the facts.
But the facts are coming in one of, just like the calls you'll see.
Watch.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, oh yeah.
Okay.
I was wondering, uh, how do you think that would be by the way?
Is that today?
Uh, next week.
Oh, okay.
17.
Real, you played a bit of a while ago.
I wonder if you could play it again.
I want to kiss a butch you want, let me.
Uh, can you say it right now?
Let me think about that one.
No, we can play that.
Yeah, you can find it.
I'd appreciate it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, get your tapy cordie go.
He's the testing us, Heather.
Why the hell would we want to play that right now?
Well, let's think about it, okay?
All of a sudden, over here.
Okay, let's get the Beasley committee over there and four Myers-Napals working on it.
What is that?
Well, he hasn't started saying anything yet.
I was riding on the place of stopping.
The Olsen taxi.
Oh, here.
That's okay.
So far.
Oh, and a very lovely lady said next to mine.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
When she got her tickets, she has to buy
what holds her sight.
Ah!
I was more than happy too.
And now there's more I'd like to do.
Welcome.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
That's double on time.
Yeah, it is.
It sucks acting.
But what's wrong with kissing her, but?
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her.
Ah, that's it.
No.
No, sorry.
Give me a little taste there, so to speak, but that's it.
That's as far as you go to old man.
Let's see.
Here's a fact you say you pick on George a lot.
I finally understand why.
He single-handedly ruined my entire weekend just by playing a song.
On Friday in the middle of the one or two hour, he sets off his Christian song about abortion.
What the hell?
Now that's terrible.
I brought down my entire mood, made my whole weekend read a pressing.
Could you play it again?
What song is that?
Somebody sent me a CD full of strange weird audio that I can't imagine was ever played
on the radio anywhere, but I played it.
It sounds like this, and it goes on forever, and it's depressing and brutal.
It's a baby talking about how mommy ripped him up.
Ooh, how grotesque.
Yeah, tasteless.
But that's what they want to hear, those by-sue.
But we're not playing no right-wing crap when I'm on.
If you're only wanted to pander to them, go right ahead.
If you want to try to pass it by them, I'll take a problem.
Screw all your right-wingers, you crazy people.
It was really-
That's you, the sound of things to come.
Yeah, well, not in my country, okay?
Maybe in your country, Mr. I'm just a visitor once in a while.
Phil and Muggate is pissed off and discussed and says,
I'm in total agreement, there's no such thing as free speech.
People in this country behave like zombies in a George Romero film.
They only respond to the base animal instincts of food, McDonald's, and sex.
Well, there's nothing wrong with sex.
I did eat McDonald's twice in Amsterdam.
Yeah, they, uh, the food there.
There are many.
Yeah, they dip it in mayonnaise.
There is very little and usually no thought of reasoning involved.
I heard an depressing statement from John Kerry on the Stern situation when Kerry-
Yeah, he, he, he, he, he, yeah, right.
He didn't stick up for Howard.
He said, well, you know, he's got a right to do his thing,
but if the fridge channel doesn't want to let him on here, then they don't have to.
Well, why, why, he just got caught by it.
Just a whim.
Freedom's dead.
It said, let's very our head.
This must replace land of the free home of the brave as our country's motto.
We're going to have Mitch Lewis or somebody redo that, um,
freedom's dead bit.
I, uh, freedom's dead.
Yes.
Emailed in this morning about that.
Good.
I know he'll, uh, the good American that he is, he'll come through for us.
We are close personal friends.
We don't have that many left no more.
Because unless you're right, Winger, they're going to kick your ass out the door,
but make no mistake about it.
Freedom's dead.
Freedom's dead with very our head.
And so on Friday, Howard Stern is ranting and raving and rightfully.
So although I will, I will say this with all due respect to Howard.
This issue isn't about the Howard Stern show.
Oh, come on.
He's just, you know, the most notable celebrity in the middle of it.
But it's, it's about freedom.
It's about freedom of speech.
It's about fascism.
It's about people just arbitrarily your government sitting around saying,
well, you can't do this and you can't say that based on what?
Well, we just decided.
And if you do it, we'll find you a trillion dollars.
What'll like it?
In fact, oh, that's two trillion right there.
And this one's five trillion.
You're already like 10.
It's not even 11 o'clock yet.
And the beep, he's already 11 trillion dollars in a hole.
An anxious Howard Stern said Friday, the FCC is on a verge of pulling the plug on his radio career.
And predicted it would issue a blitz of new indecency fines and dethroning him as the king of all media.
And of course, the fines are coming down this week.
It doesn't have them.
We don't know who or what.
We got a pretty good idea though.
Howard said, my days are over.
I've become too much of a symbol of a country out of control to the religious right.
That's why I'm saying my goodbyes now.
I'm about to be served up on my head on a platter because all I want to do is make people laugh.
And that's the most important thing.
Freedom of speech is, well, no, that's the second most important thing.
Freedom of speech is the most important.
But after that, comedy.
People laugh because the stuff is funny.
Not because it's titillating.
Not because it's pandering.
Because it's funny.
But you can't be funny no more in America unless you have everything has to be boring funny.
Ha ha slap the knee.
We just, we just set the clock back 50 freaking years boys and girls.
Because we have to pretend we're talking to a bunch of little children.
Even though right now in the middle of the day, time little children are all in school.
But don't confuse the FCC with that.
Don't confuse Michael cops or Michael Powell with that.
Which are not the bastards is what you people are.
You're not fooling me.
And I'll guarantee you right now one thing on the show is that you're not going to hear.
You're not going to smell a fart that's over the line.
How do you like that?
Right?
You've fascist to the FCC.
All of my farts are going to be so medicinal they're going to smell like roses.
They're going to smell like lilacs through hepa and charcoal fill.
In fact, they're going to smell like Joe roses.
How do you like that?
Joe roses.
Farts.
1043 at 560 WQ.
You ask Gelly he's had his head up in a few times he knows.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit, zero fee and zero discounted points.
It's your selfy unbelievably new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 334 a month.
If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your pay just 68 a month.
And don't forget once you be financial you get a new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call them today at their new number and check this out.
Call 1-866-395-Lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve that move to your next property with no further cost of expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs.
Even when you move to another property like I just saved.
Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group and never ever pay those closing costs again.
Call 1-866-395-Lend for the financial group for all the details no obligation.
1-866-395-LEND.
The René Quil Housing Lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
My life and mold, this is for trade-off I-60.
You weigh a few a.
From the makers of the Passion of the Christ comes.
Passion of the Christ.
On ice.
All the violence of the movie you love, but with a triple-axle crucifixion.
See, columns of graceful Roman soldiers, whipping and weaving around a magnificent Messiah.
New York Times reports, these skaters really nailed this one.
And USA Today says, jumping Jesus Christ on ice is cold-blooded fun.
Bring the kids to witness and savior each moment they cross.
The grace, the glory, and the suffering of Christ on ice.
Ice members makes period, nausea, dizziness, death or resurrection.
Head 48-560 WDQM is a sad, sad Monday March number 8 boys and girls.
The eyes of March is upon us a little bit early this year, when you say?
Early.
Here's a fact that says I was not landalized.
We heard Scott Ferrell on the radio.
He follows Bob and Tom and I thought this must be at least an station to announce the Schmidtmeister was on at 2 o'clock.
Anyway, Ferrell is just a shadow of his former self is what it says here.
Just a shadow.
With all the things going on he's doing the show.
What kind of a dog he should buy.
I mentioned every two minutes he really needed to check and he couldn't say anything bad.
How come he didn't get the message when I tried to tell him that when he was here?
Good question.
He could still be on the air doing 8 to 10 with all due apologies to a Joe Lozen is lovely lilac's felon farts.
And all that dolphin talk.
He could actually be still on the air if he would have just listened to me.
What are listening?
And so now he's resigned.
And of course since that time when did he get candid November?
Something like that.
This is March.
He was in Chicago doing a man-cow sidekick thing.
Now he's in Atlanta so that's like three jobs in November December.
Like four or five months.
So maybe finally for his sake finally he gets the message.
So on the one hand it's very sad that he has to be doing a, you know, on the Andy Pambi show.
On the other hand at least maybe there's good news he finally wise up.
He needs to check.
Take the money to the bank baby.
That's what I told him.
Would he listen to me?
No, not to me.
No.
What do I know?
So when I'm in Europe there was a piece on the BBC about Silvio Burlusconi who's the crooked prime minister.
One of the most crooked people on the face of the earth.
Big, big obnoxious.
He reminds me a little bit of a cross between George Steinbrenner and Donald Trump.
With a little bit of Grextr-Greastroen in.
Silvio Burlusconi who owns the main TV stations right now, right away, right away, right away,
whatever it is in Italy.
He owns all the TV stations that anybody watches.
And so he decided just arbitrarily like your FCC here.
He decided that satire was going to be banned from a Titan TV.
Satire.
One of the oldest forms of humor in the history of the human race.
Satire.
Can't do that no more.
Why because they were making fun of him.
So just one day in between his feedings of pasta, whatever the hell he was eating, he just decided arbitrarily.
Yeah, no more satire.
That's it. That's the end.
Finito, finito.
Silvio Burlusconi, my ass.
And I kept thinking about what's going on in America when I saw that piece in the same damn stuff is going on right here.
And the public is like that.
Just like that.
And of course, I see number two on a poll so far because the media is ignoring this thing about what the government is doing to free them a speech and freedom of your choices and entertainment and humor and whatever else.
Now, Tom Jicke wrote that great column.
Remember the one I read on the ear?
Yes.
The day before I went on vacation and we could go Friday.
And he wrote a couple more columns too.
Nice going Tom.
But I'm, you know, in my internet cafes in Berlin, I'm still in every day.
I'm scouring.
Scouring.
Not just the sunset on the Harold, but every newspaper I can think of to try to find some more information.
What the hell is going on here?
What's going on with Howard Spurm?
What's going on with all of this stuff?
What's going on with us?
And Glenn Garvin from the Harold writes kind of a super-sillyist column there in the Harold.
And the TV guy who once in a while turns on a radio, I guess,
quotes me, says Neil Rogers, who's a frequent critic of Stern.
First of all, am I a frequent critic?
How often in the last 10 years have we talked about Howard Stern on this show?
About third man.
The average of maybe two, three times a year.
And you were from a hell of a lot more than I do.
All I said is that, and in fact, I said the same thing that most of his groupies have said,
if you look at all the web chatter that's going on now about this stuff.
And that he used to be a hell of a lot of funnier.
He used to be great.
And now, not so great.
And of course, in South Florida now, yeah, un-listenable because it ain't on.
Now, where's the follow-up, Tom Jekker?
Where's the follow-up, Glenn Garvin?
Where's the follow-up to the fact clear channel isn't going to put that show back on her stations?
Where's the follow-up to the relationship between clear channel and Bush?
Although, Jekker had that one of his columns.
But there's not nearly enough.
The media is too worried about, about Haiti.
They're worried about.
They're worried about the game marriages.
People are pinging their pants about.
And if that's going to change something, one way or the other.
They're worried about a bunch of puff pieces about kaka, about crap.
While you're free, the freedom of speech has just been decimated.
Did you vote for Michael Powell?
I think you pardoned.
Did you vote for Michael Cox?
Did we vote for any of these people to be on the FCC?
No, we did not.
No, there are pointes.
Nobody voted for any of these people, these appointed lunatics who sit around arbitrarily and decide,
well, you can't do this and you can't say that.
And I remember as clearly as it was yesterday, that awful FCC song was the out, the byproduct of it.
1986, was it 1987?
Whatever the hell it was, 1986.
And that's where they came down with this grotesque ruling about sexual activity or ex-critory.
Sexual, what is it again?
I have to put it in that.
Sexual activity and ex-critory function.
That's not it.
Get it right, Mr.
Wow, I don't want to get it wrong.
Let's see.
Moooo.
Must constitute a apparently offensive description or depiction of a sex act organ or ex-critory function.
That's what they came up with 18 years ago.
And I remember having a fit about that and I started a thing called so far,
save our first amendment rights.
You want to know why I caused them a naive schmuck?
I'm a moron.
Absolutely.
A fool.
And I had people sending in money and we raised thousands of dollars and we put ads in a broadcast publications
in Billboard magazine and radio and records in New York Times.
Mostly appealing to people in a broadcast business.
If you got a search party, if you went all around the world like Robinson Caruso,
and you try to find a more spymeless group of people and people in broadcasting,
you couldn't find them.
How many responses did we get from the people in the broadcast industry to appeal to them to fight back
against this arbitrary censorship that they were imposing?
I've done it.
Zero.
Zero.
There was nobody in the broadcast.
All they were interested in doing is like cow-toeing and,
oh please, please, please don't come after us.
And so you're seeing the same horse crap going on right now.
Save our first amendment rights, my ass.
And so all everybody is doing now.
Just scramble it.
Oh, please don't find us and please don't take away our license.
And please don't keep making these restrictions up as we go along.
Let me say it again.
How can it possibly be?
Yeah, I'm thinking of Jack Par who just died.
And when he died, everybody's talking about that WC incident when he walked out from NBC
because he had some joke using the letters WC, which stood for water closet,
which back those days in the 50s, I mean, that was toilet.
Toilet?
You were trying to say water closet.
And we finally, not only did we get beyond that,
but we finally got to the point where we had Mr. Whipple under a squeeze in the Charmin.
And we had people talking about the diarrhea and constipation
and things that were actually part of human life.
I just thought toilet bowl cleaning in a hurry.
I'm using way most of the time.
All was not anything to me using about diarrhea, but at any rate.
At least not to the person who's got it.
No.
We finally started to make it a little bit progress like we were going to start growing up boys and girls
like we would, instead of talking like a bunch of goody-two shoes,
being prim and proper because that's not the way real people talk.
That's not the kind of humor that most real people laugh at.
And here we are 2004, and all of a sudden out of nowhere,
based on the excuse that Janet Jackson's tinny was on TV on the Super Bowl,
based on that!
The whole United States government has gone off the deep end out of Pander
because it's an election year.
And nobody, I guess except Russ Fine Gold,
nobody wants to see as standing up for smut and filth and perversion
and disgusting grotesque crap.
Just like all that beautiful violence in that Mel Gibson movie.
You know that was beautiful.
See, violence is great.
It's a beautiful thing.
The more the better, especially if it's towards Jesus.
But words, man, that's what we're worried about.
The word police are about to get all of us.
And like I said, you people in the media,
your bunch of lunatics, your bunch of crazy people,
all you doing is sucking up.
People at all the networks to buy a calm people.
This is going to be, this will be the week finally.
I think external finally will be off all the stations this week.
He believes it.
And when those final fines come down from the FCC,
that'll be the dagger through the heart.
What does it take?
What words does it take to make you people understand
that you can't listen to what you want to listen to,
to what you enjoy?
You know, our Howard, that moron,
and he gets honorances a couple of weeks ago.
Well, by Monday, everybody will forget about this.
See what you don't understand about radio, Mr. Moll, is this.
That's a part of people's lives.
People are creatures of habit.
If they enjoyed this show at 10 o'clock in the morning,
they turn it on.
If they enjoyed a Howard Stern show at 6 o'clock or whenever they get up
in the morning, they turn it on.
It gives them a chuckle.
It gives them something to go through the day.
It's a part of their lives.
You idiot. You moron.
Get it?
Absolutely.
Good.
And basically your government says,
well, you can't enjoy that because we decided it's dirty.
It's filthy. It's discussing.
Based on what?
Oh, I don't know. We just made it up.
Right.
It didn't come from the Bible.
And we're going to make danger.
You can do it again because if you do,
we're going to find you so much that nobody in their right mind
has been let you do it.
So you're all going to get fired.
Well, surprise.
Because we got that.
What?
I tell you, I need the money.
I need the money.
I need the money.
Don't worry.
I'm a nutrition certain other people.
I know I wouldn't probably need the money.
I can tell them.
Up here is Greg.
Bye-bye.
But I can't just like for else is he needs the check.
I came to that realization a long time ago.
So when they say to me,
jump, I say, okay, how high?
Not too high because I'm a, you know,
a fat old pig.
But, you know,
intro to.
Hey, if you're thinking,
oh, what's this broads name again?
It's the one that's a spot
which we're Armstrong to it.
What's your name?
Berkeley.
Is she a living person?
Does she exist?
Sure.
I've said it.
Hey, Berkeley.
Get with it, sweetheart.
If you're thinking of buying a new car,
a truck, then you really want to save a lot of cash.
Here's the way to do it.
Visit Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
You'll find them on US1.
Just 20 minutes, easy as south of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth a drive
no matter where you live.
The save of ton of cash on those new Toyota's.
Check out these great prices in O4 Corolla,
loaded, including here that you own for just $12.990.
An O4 can be with air automatic and lots more.
The $16.990.
You need a truck?
How about this?
An O4 Toyota Tundra.
The safest truck in the country.
From just $14.990.
And when you buy a new vehicle,
at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead,
you get a free sun pass.
This was the first year in all of South Florida
to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
General manager David Rich in the staff will do
whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota two day.
So experience the difference in Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
Locally owned and operated,
committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Their service department is open weeknights late to late
to make sure your service work is done and done right.
Easy to get there around US1 to 293rd Street in Homestead.
Just 20 minutes south of the 836.
So if you're fed up with mega dealers
who over-promise and under-deliver,
here's what to do called David Rich,
the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead at 305,
242-32-47.
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead,
grab a little and save a lot on that great new Toyota.
My name is Locals.
This is 43560.
You weigh 2A.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
If anybody has a opinion,
dissenting from our way,
we'll place your name into the system.
And send a me of the state.
Don't even bother to question.
Just follow under-bed.
Everybody's standing far.
Here's fascist USA.
In the act of history,
in the heroizing of you.
Everyone does a speech.
So what would you do?
This is formation.
And all you might learn.
In push for the landation.
That's a USA.
I got to hate those Jews.
And Clinton's liberals too.
But we do believe everything we can.
And the state will run new.
Bloodworn, born, born, bred.
Feel the purest God's name.
A roof and chainy bush bend you.
That has to stay.
We don't mind you see our jobs grow.
A side of time of these good.
We're fascinated by a chain of.
Don't be no stupid good.
Track them.
All the world is crazy.
The facts of marriage get way.
Everybody's earning five years.
Fascist USA.
Love it all four or five sixty.
I'm speaking.
I asked all of us by the way.
Guess what?
That's his account.
So you won a penalty to whatever her name is.
That you kept telling me.
I was when she came in and told me that it was him.
Do some work, fat boy.
Put down a fork and a spoon.
Get some coffee.
You smoke, you invest.
I'm telling you, whatever Hank said to screw in.
It was a compliment.
It was an understatement.
The kind of lunacy that you run back there and it sales the problem.
I wouldn't wish it upon Heinrich Himmler and John Ascroft.
Here's the fact that says just relax.
This is a reaction to the late 60s and 70s freedom demands.
Oh, please.
Let's see.
2004 minus 1974 is...
About 30 men.
Yeah.
It says after about three assassinations and 30 years of McCarthyism will be fine.
Just wait around till 2034.
Life is nothing if it isn't cyclical.
Be cool, man.
Is what it says here.
Alright, let's be cool.
Okay.
Shit.
I'll bring you a phone.
I said, how you doing?
Would you just say chill.
Oh, God.
Here's the fact that says I was trying to explain to my 12-year-old son what was happening on the radio with the FCC during commercials.
While we watched South Park for probably the last time.
And he said so now everything has to be billed, cause be funny.
And I said you are absolutely correct.
It says I will listen to the end.
I don't know what it says there in the bottom.
It says I can't read it.
It got cut off.
Got chopped off.
Here, listen to the bitter end.
Well, good luck to us.
That's all I can say.
5670560.
Palm 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Law.
Look at those phones, vanders.
Smoke, aren't they smoking?
No.
No.
They're not.
See, they've looking for an excuse to take this very cavalierly.
Very casually.
You're crazy people.
Okay.
Those of you who think that this isn't shocking and grotesque.
And I said, but you're nuts.
You're insane.
The idea that a government just sits around on one day decides, oh well, this is what you can say.
Based on what?
Where is the legal foundation for saying that?
Oh, well, there is no, we just made it up.
We decided with the word police.
Oh.
391 votes.
Why isn't the public up at arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech?
Because they're too stupid to understand at 157.
Because the media is mostly ignoring it.
75.
Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America is 74.
Because they don't give a shmit 43.
Because they don't have any leadership 21.
And because they're lazy 21.
WQA and hello.
Not there.
QA and hello.
They ignoring it.
I have a mail.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I'm calling you from my soon to be state issued car.
Am I soon to be state issued cell phone?
All right.
And yeah, I can't agree more with you.
I mean, it's just insane.
The one question I have for you is, is there actually a place where the average listener can just go and see what the actual rules are?
Is there a printed list of these things that can't be said?
That is strictly, again, quote unquote, dirty words or is it, again, thought, like, for example, that Jesus that you played a little while ago, some, you know, right ring, right ring Christians, might find it.
It's whatever, it's whatever the government decides it's going to be.
So it's just, it's just make it up as we go along kind of stuff.
Right. That's correct.
Yeah.
Okay. That's, that's great.
All right, Uncle Leo.
Thanks a lot.
See you at the border, pal.
Yeah, definitely.
Okay. Pax, so extra woollies.
US Senator said this article Wednesday, March 3rd.
Okay. So it's the last Wednesday.
Here's a real Nazi.
US Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas yesterday, said letter to Vycon, president CEO, Mel Carmesen, requesting details of the company's policy on the broadcasting of a decent material.
I'm not going to read this whole thing.
It's on Sam Brownback's own website.
Brownback expressed particular concern with the broadcast produced and syndicated by infinity, a subsidiary Vycon that occurred Tuesday, February 24th.
I was the Howard Stern show.
One with the parasolton thing in a Rick Solomon deal.
And at call.
In lighter infinities reported new indecency policy in the supposed use of a substantial time delay.
I don't understand how such a broadcast could be aired using an infinity broadcast license.
Please explain how infinities policy failed to prevent indecent material from being broadcast over the public airwaves.
Brownback wrote.
Brownback introduced S2056, Senate Bill 2056, the broadcast Decentcy Enforcement Act of 2004 with senators Alan and Graham.
The legislation now has 16 co-sponsors in the Senate and support for legislation continues to grow.
Companion legislation has been introduced in the House of Representatives by Congressman Upton, Markey, Towson Dingell and 135 other co-sponsors.
In response to growing co-sponsors and indecency on the public's airwaves, S2056 will substantially increase penalties for indecent broadcasts, ensuring that indecency finds levied by the FCC are more than a mere cost of doing business and clean up our nation's airwaves Brownback said.
Brownback is a member of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee and Communications Committee and a real right wing religious nut fascist.
Here's a column. Do I have time? I do.
By Richard Blow, can I say that?
No.
By Richard B***.
The former Executive Editor of George Magazine, author of American Sun of Portrait of John F. Kennedy, Jr. writing a book about Harvard University.
By time do this?
Yes.
Yes.
Richard Blow says, let's admit one thing.
Howard Stern is not an easy man to defend. His radio show is Crass, offensive immature and gross.
He makes fun of black people, white people, Asians, pretty much everyone.
He even mocks himself for being Jewish and having a small penis. I haven't liked Stern, but if I had kids I wouldn't want them to listen to him.
Because Stern is low-brow, people who care about freedom of speech haven't been defending him in his recent, froward, clear channel. That's a short-sighted mistake.
Because when the largest owner of radio stations in the country accompanied that sponsored pro-war rallies and whose employees advocated the burning of Dixie Chick CDs after the band criticized President Bush, suspends the radio show indefinitely Americans ought to get angry, no matter what they think about Howard Stern.
Here's what happened.
On February 24th, Stern had Rick Solomon as a guest on the show. Solomon is the charming young man who had sex with Pericillin and is now marketing a videotape of their special time together.
Stern and Solomon talked about sex for a while and then Stern took phone calls from listeners. One caller asked Solomon if he ever had sex with a black woman, the caller who obviously planned to be shocking, used the N word and asked if black women smelled like watermelons.
That did it. Within 24 hours, clear channel suspended Stern from these six clear-stand-law channel stations of Curitom.
Now the remarking question was obviously hateful and acid-ime, but as he, justify-yanking Stern, I'm not so sure.
Stern didn't say it and certainly didn't endorse it. He hung up on the call and rebuked him on the air.
But we're living in a time when in which the exposure of pop singers' breast prompts congressional hearings and government investigations, as Bush Press Secretary Ari Fleischer warned a few months ago, Americans need to watch what they say.
Stern, a long-standing FCC critic, was recently voiced to distaste for the present, obviously wasn't careful enough.
First, Janet Jackson, a black woman, has become the object of the right cultural demonization, not just in Tinkerbell, they pretty white boy. Now it's Howard Stern and Jew who will be next.
There's the case to be made that Howard Stern is far more progressive and subversive than you think if he'd only heard about a bout his show instead of having listened to it.
If he disagree, I'd be happy to debate you over Stern's politics.
But one thing I guarantee you, we won't be having that debate on any radio station owned by Clear Channel, and no matter how much you dislike Howard Stern, you ought to dislike that even more, right?
It's Richard Blow in George Magazine.
It's not about Howard Stern. It's about freedom of speech, it's about a fascist government run insane, run by right wing lunatic religionists.
That's what it's about.
Yeah.
And the guy that want to know what the rules are, the guy that just called, we don't know.
Because they're still busy making them up as they go along.
They're still waiting for us to cross that line.
Oh, gotcha.
1113 at 560 WDQM, Dalmatia is knows nothing is more important than the safety of your family. Unfortunately, thousands of Americans die of a year at home fires involving mattresses.
A common myth is that these are careless cigarette smokers, statistics reveal that the vast majority of these fires are started by children playing with matches.
CERDA now offers a new line of fire retardant mattresses called fire blocker to dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape.
They're also more comfortable, durable and supportive than ever, so you won't sacrifice comfort for safety.
According to regulations, all new mattresses will be fire retardant within a year. Until then, CERDA is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard today.
Dalmatris is the only retailer can deliver a new CERDA fire blocker to you today too. So call 1-800-Matras right now for same day delivery.
Dalmatris has got CERDA fire blocker in the traditional double-sided design, so you get two bets for the price of one with double the protection.
Dalmatris takes your family's safety seriously and proudly among the nation's first retailers to offer this new line of fire blocker mattresses.
So if you'd like to check this out, make that easy call like I always do. Call 1-800-Matras, 1-800-MATTRES today and sleep safely tonight like those of us at QMB-Dewins.
I'm at the local, this is 5-60. Radio's on your side.
QM!
Rashi! Rashi! Rashi! Rashi! Rashi!
What a point!
What? What a top! What a point!
What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What
what a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What that point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point! What a point. What an point! What a point! What a point! What a
So here's the same company that's got this pill-popping right-wing hypocrite on here every day.
That's okay.
And God only knows how many shows he did stoned off his ass, the rush-meister.
That's okay for Chief Channel because he's a sing-in-a-comedy tune.
He's as far to the right as you can get without going off the cliff.
But because somebody tends to be a little bit too controversial, maybe a little bit too spicy,
a little bit too funny, then they need to be off-their immediately, not sooner.
Yeah.
Because we have to protect those Chief Channel.
Here's Katrina Vanet-Huvel, her column today in the nation.
Clear Channel versus the First Amendment.
Actually, this column was a couple of days ago.
That's okay.
You didn't read this, did you?
No.
It's on our website today.
In fact, at the end, she's got a link that you can click.
How you can contact your elected representatives in support of Senate Bill 221
introduced by Senator Russ Finegold of Wisconsin.
It's called the Competition and Radio and Concert Industries Act that will prevent Clear Channel
from leveraging cross-ownership in an anti-competitive manner.
And once again, make the radio dial safe for speeches, what it says.
But we'll get to that at the end of the article.
Senator Russ Finegold said we must preserve radio as a medium for democracy on January 30, 2003
before the Senate Commerce Committee hearing on media concentration and ownership and radio.
When Clear Channel, the Antoward Stern, for violating its new zero tolerance of Senate
E-Policy, the network cited as its reason a racial epithet made by one of Stern's listeners.
But Clear Channel's explanation is hogwash.
I agree with the many people who think that Stern is offensive to minorities and women.
He's degraded the quality of radio by trafficking, and crude sexual references,
and on seemingly racial remarks for as long as he's been in broadcasting.
But the issue here isn't in decency to paraphrase James Carville.
It's the First Amendment's stupid.
When Bill Clinton signed the 1996 Telecommunications Act,
critics predicted that a new round of consolidation would sweep America's radio industry.
Clear Channel on cue grew from 40 stations in 1990s to 1225 stations in 2004.
Currently, Clear Channel and Viacom control approximately 42% of America's radio audience.
Clear Channel's stifled diversity of post-low power FM, killed off localism and news music
and other forms of entertainment, and occupied the front lines of the conservative culture wars.
Clear Channel's decision to fire Stern signals the latest target in its sights, the Bill of Rights.
Its decision is not based on any pie self-serving crumbs about indecency on its stations,
but on its desire to curry favor with Bush and his Republican congressional allies.
The implications are alarming.
If Clear Channel can yank the commercially successful Howard Stern,
then it has to power to silence any DJ or radio kinkpin,
who refuses to play the networks chosen music and hear to its appointed standards,
or mouth Clear Channel's political line.
Yeah, but wait a second.
It's the decision to pull the plug on Stern coincides not with a sudden increase in Stern's offensive behavior,
but with a rise in Stern's anti-Bush rhetoric.
According to Jeff Jarvis of the blog Buzz Machine, Stern has become an anybody but Bush voter based in part on his concerns
about the threat of censorship from the FCC.
Stern also recently endorsed Al Franken's book on the air.
Is it a coincidence that Stern came out against Bush early before its suspension?
Or that Clear Channel president John Hogan was due to appear before a House subcommittee investigating indecency over their waves on the heels of Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction?
What is not under dispute according to the Center for Public Integrity is that Clear Channel Vice Chairman Thomas Hicks,
and Hicks law firm are given Bush more than $225,000,
and Clear Channel's tax executive isn't as well as they're given three quarters of their political donations to the Republican Party.
So they couldn't have been two apathy or Stern's recent honor rant about the president,
get him out of office, I'm telling you man, he's in dangerous territory with a religious agenda,
and you've got to vote him out anyone but Bush during railed.
Clear Channel's founder, Lowry Mays, also has close ties to Bush,
was put on the governing board of the University of Texas Instrument Management Company by Bush when Bush was still governor of Texas.
Hicks won an appointment too by the way.
When these insider dealings were exploits by the Houston Chronicle in 1999,
Micah Ciphery wrote in his blog about Stern and Clear Channel,
Hicks resigned from the company's board by then he had made Bush a rich man when he bought the Texas Rangers from him,
and his partners in 1998 for $250 million, three times their investment in the team.
Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin is sponsoring a bill,
the Competition and Radio and Concert Industry Act, that will prevent Clear Channel from leveraging cross-ownership
in an anti-competitive manner and once again make the radio dial safe for speech.
Now more than ever this bill needs to pass because Clear Channel with the biggest system the GOP is trampling on the First Amendment.
Click here for information how you can contact your elected representatives in support of S-221,
and there's the link when in doubt click it out.
Give it a click.
It's on our website, Editor's Cut, Clear Channel versus the First Amendment,
between the event and who will have the nation.
Are they going to do it?
No, probably not.
Eris Wright, they're lazy.
I take a little bit effort on their part.
That's our poll question today.
Why isn't the public up at arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech?
They're killing it, they're destroying it, they're taking it away, and you're going,
MMMM like that.
Or then we had the people who said,
remember the one poll I took before vacation in the crowd that said,
well I didn't like how it's turned anyway.
Remember about 10% said that.
That's not the issue.
If you don't like them, don't listen to them.
461 votes because they're too stupid to understand it.
182 stupid votes.
Absolutely.
Because the media is mostly ignoring it, 90.
Yeah, where's the beef, where's the follow-up, where's the rest, where's the update?
Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America, 86.
Because they don't give a shmit, 52.
Because they're lazy, 35.
Because they don't have any leadership, only 26.
So you see the leadership thing is blaming not somebody else.
But the public doesn't care.
They're just too freaking involved with another crap.
567.0560, 0.560.
Now we got mad dog at two.
We got penciled in the humpar end, by the way, that the facts you just said to me about Hank.
If anybody thinks I'm going to read that kind of crap, that kind of swill.
Yeah, just for your own.
Yeah, in the trash can immediately.
I like Hank a lot.
And if you know like a show, don't listen to him. That's all very simple.
Yeah, Hank can be temperamental like a lot of us can.
But in the meantime, he happens to have been right.
Screw-in when it comes to disgrace in my opinion.
Her performance, and I don't care what the billing is, I mean, that's all they care about, is the bottom line.
But her performance is salesman address and her role attitude is so obnoxious and disgusting
that it's incomprehensible to me how she could possibly still be there.
She over, she supervises and over runs and over rides.
A group of lunatics, the likes of which is Sullivan Seat, and believe you me, I've encountered many, many sales holes in his business over many, many years.
Including...
About 30 men.
And his market.
But the kind of crap that goes for sales working for servicing accounts, it reminds me of that day.
Remember that day when the hurricane was threatening South Florida?
Oh yeah.
And it already became pretty obvious that it was going to pass by Dayton Browder.
It wasn't going to be a threat to us and was going to hit in Palm Beach County if any were at all in South Florida.
Here's our sales manager saying to our salespeople, oh don't call the accounts, they might want to cancel today if you call them.
They might not want to run any spots because everybody was closed that day.
You'll want to do that.
And that's the same when it comes to copy, the servicing or people.
You don't do it, screw in, because all you care about is just give me the money.
Like that big sign we have up by the wall says, give us the F and money and that's the end of the line.
We're sports radio 5c team, QAM.
It's great to be camping Raymond and such a beautiful night.
I love nature.
Except when it stops.
You're a constipator here.
Trial Philips, Trial Cat, the Queen, too.
Hi, my name's Phillip.
You sure got a bird in high old.
It's great fun like many overnight life.
Trial Cat, the Queen, choose our stimulant free.
They sell natural.
They work more naturally with your body for comfortable cramp free.
You really play like a face.
Feeling better this morning, Raymond?
Whoa, Phillip, comfortable cramp free.
Goodbyes.
All right.
It's 1130 at 560 WQM.
So we got any word on the schedule.
I was interrupted myself there on the schedule.
No.
Well, when are we going to find out?
Is it going to be potlock?
Surprise.
Mad Dog at two, we got from 4 to 7 at Chulis this afternoon.
It's going to be...
Then at 7 o'clock it's Hurricane Hotline.
The big eight to 10 tonight is not a bad guy,
but it's just horrendous on a year.
Eddie K at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight, two to five in the morning.
And then of course it's...
Absolutely.
...that again.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Well, I'm starting to sound a little bit bitter today, you know?
I don't like that.
Well, stop it.
In fact, even before the show, do you remember how bitter I was when Duff and Clarence came in here?
And right for the deservedly so.
Spit in that.
Especially when you started to fax me some of that stuff that passed for a copy.
I've seen better looking stuff on the...
...on used toilet paper than that.
Well, this ought to cheer you out.
Yeah.
Just got an email back from Mitch Lewis.
Yes?
It's in production.
Nice going, Mitch here to best, baby.
Ooooo!
Welcome.
Where the hell is that?
What?
No, no, no, no, no, no, we're in the house.
I'm just doing my own thing here.
Freedom's in!
Freedom's in!
With very high heads!
Freedom's in!
Freedom's in!
With very high heads!
Ooooo!
This is the biggest one I've ever seen!
Man, summer is intense when it's hot!
And it's a sea of...
...well, you get it.
So, Mitch Lewis is recutting that for us and we'll just play it all day every day for four hours.
Okay, because freedom is dead.
You can take your radio and put it in the bottom of the pool like I told you a couple of weeks ago I could smell it coming.
Man, from a million miles away.
And it was either that or Joe Rose.
WDQM, hello.
Hey!
Yes, sir.
I just kneel.
Sounds like me, yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Oh, we're just starting.
Did you have to catch the full page ad?
There was like a couple of days after W came out with the gay rights...
...because the full page ad mostly signed by the religionistas talking about what a great thing that idea was...
...was interesting.
But I'm flabbergasted as to the silence of the print media.
I mean, this is their territory.
But they should be jumping up and down screaming for what is murder.
That's right.
Nothing.
I mean, you know, you have to go to the websites that I go to the nation and common dreams that are working some of those.
But how many people in the country actually read those?
I mean, nobody reads that stuff.
Yeah, it's not, man.
I mean, thank God for your website because that's our only touch with...
...and where is the ACLU on this?
Pizza, hello to me.
Anyway, I'll see you at the border, Neil.
Okay, I'll be there.
I'll be waving to my flag.
He'll be waving it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, Panthers here in Toronto tomorrow night, and any interest?
No.
Panthers who are not going to make the playoffs in the bleefsware, I don't want to go into any hockey stuff, okay?
By the way, Rimmer owes me an apology for killing my anniversary show with a 10 minutes of hockey talk with Ed Caw.
That was brutal.
That was absolutely brutal.
Only he could, I mean, you talk about a showstopper.
Huh?
No comment.
Hey, why not?
I've already...
You better start sucking up or you won't buy that free lunch at the pizza lot.
I don't know, he did finally compromise.
He said he would get you that free lunch, but it'll have to be at the pizza lot.
On a day when Jeff is working, whatever that meant, and he knows we're coming.
Right.
502 votes.
Why isn't the public up in arms?
Why aren't they pissed off and fired up?
What does it take?
Of course, like I told you before, the show is South Florida.
South Florida is not exactly the place to start, see?
By the way, congratulations to the Goddess.
What?
Randy Rhodes going national on that left wing, whatever the hell, that liberal talk radio network.
So, I'm being a couple of weeks.
They're moving it in New York.
Did you read about it?
Yes, I did.
Nice going, Goddess.
I mean, you know, I still think she's vanguinar head against the wall, but she's a lot younger than some of the rest of us.
And she's obviously got, you know, probably a better agent, maybe herself.
I don't know.
She doesn't have an agent that's too busy smoking bad weed.
So, the Goddess goes national, still still still on J&O though, and they have no now.
Let's see, where we put the list of the clear channel stations on our website yet for people to be forward like to plague.
No.
See, when people say, well, what can we do?
Here's one of the first things that you can strike back doing is not subsidizing any of the clear channel stations in our market.
If we're still are seven, seven W I O D W I N Z.
Those are the two AM's I do believe.
Am I right?
Right.
The FM's are W B G G W L V love 94 W Z T A Zeta.
Why 100?
Now that we check on that or not, is that clear channel?
We'll go get a list.
We'll go to their website.
And what's the other one I'm leaving out?
I left one out.
Well, whatever it is, we'll pass them all along.
We'll put them on our website.
And then you can decide.
I mean, it's up to you folks.
If you're pissed off about not just about how it's during specifically, but just in general about their whole attitude about taking away your freedom of speech and choices,
you can just choose not to support clear channel radio stations in South Florida or anywhere in the USA.
Sounds like a good idea to me.
Got the list.
I'm getting it.
W D Q A M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, W Q A M.
Sounds like us.
I'm on the ear now.
Sounds just like you, yes.
Yeah.
Neil, I've been with them to you for a show for a couple of years.
And thank God you are the only voice I know.
There is, again, she's a right wing religious folks.
And my question is, you know, especially with clear channel, I never realized that I travel along South Florida.
How many channels are owned by them now?
But it's ridiculous.
And you've got to be high on their list.
And, you know, I hope they don't get you.
But, you know, I got to kind of wonder, you know, why are you still there?
Because, you know, like I said, you've got to be right up there on their list.
Well, I'm still here because I'm a survivor.
I know what I need to do.
I know just how much I need to cut back.
And where the line is.
If you don't know where the line is, or if you're going to be stubborn like Ferrell was when he was on this station,
you're going to wind up out of a job.
I can't afford to do that after all the years.
You know, I'm closer to the end of the end of the beginning.
You know what I'm saying?
So I'm not going to be stupid or stubborn.
And I'm going to tow the line and I'm going to take my money to the bank and then buy buy.
That's it.
Well, good luck to you.
I hope you'll ask forever.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
Yeah, that's the only thing you got to do.
And I keep saying that.
That's my advice.
I've been telling my colleagues there for a long time.
The mad dog and Hank and anybody who would listen to Joe Rose.
Take them out of the bank.
Of course, Joe can't take his to the bank because they're not paying him.
But that's another story.
It's a typical Greg Reed deal.
It has been on the year 10 weeks filling in and he still hasn't gotten paid a dime.
You know something?
I just decided just this moment.
When I do finish up this next two and a half years, if I make it if I survive it,
I'm going to write that book that you're always threatening that I should write.
I'm going to do it.
Tonya, a ghost writer.
He just has a...
It is so unbelievable the kind of stuff that passes for business, the kind of people who pass for business people,
the kind of shenanigans that go on.
The kind of innit...
You know, when the general manager of our radio station says for print, for the print media,
when Ferrell was getting canned, and did get canned, and he says,
well, I don't know if any of the things he said were over the line, but yadda yadda yadda.
Well, if you don't know if he was over the line, Greg, then how can you call yourself the general manager
of three major market radio stations, huh?
That's what I'd like to know.
What a statement to make.
I don't know if he was over the line or what.
Well, that makes me feel real confident about where we are right now, huh?
Don't you feel like you're standing on real solid ground?
Oh, yeah.
Here's the fact that it says from Hugh.
It says since this whole thing started, which an ejections boob isn't that possibly incident
was intended to start this Nazi firestorm, and that Jackson and Tinkerbell are associated with
some right wing wackos.
Anything's possible to you, I'm not quite as conspiratorial minded as you are.
I think the right wingers might have a little bit better taste than Justin's Tinkerbell,
but nevertheless, who knows?
As the Chinese say, this face?
5.670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
I think I'm going to start not just writing the book, I'm going to start doing chapter by chapter on the air every day.
Okay.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil about the Howard Stern issue.
Speaking.
Okay.
I'm a Stern listener.
Welcome back, by the way.
Thank you.
And Howard didn't really say nothing worse than he usually does.
The only thing he did say was like the articles you read me started getting against the Bush administration.
Uh-huh.
And to me, that's why he got kicked off the air.
And I would you write, would it make the same mistake because you'll be gone too?
And the word police, you should replace it with the Gestapo.
Right.
Hyal Bush.
God bless.
Okay.
He's doing a new step in right now.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
Absolutely.
No question.
I got my brown shirt on, I got my hip boots, I'm all dressed right not even in the country right now, but I'm just practicing.
Practice makes perfect.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got somebody at 4 this afternoon speaking of freedom of speech.
Boy, whatever you said, in fact, why don't we just put it on here, whatever you called her, okay?
Okay.
Next time you're filling in.
20th of the noon at 5.60 QAF.
Oh my god.
This is what you'll find, this is QAF.
Oh.
I can't even remember that you're waiting always cool.
I said when I grow up, that's what I wanted you.
But now it's run by 3, 4, 6, 6.
And I don't need to care about the bottom by not you.
We are a bit bit different, power at the end.
We got to see all this daddy push his friends.
And so much power to work here today.
Thank you all for being with us right now.
Thank you all for telling me they got it in.
We can't give a baby a star.
We can't give a baby a star.
It's her body and the talent is gone.
It sounds the same, the body where you are.
The cyber radio, you can talk with taking place.
They talk the satellite and talk it out and take.
And find the way for thousands hours in the pan.
If you let trek take it, you're so late on the end.
Hey, oh yeah.
I did this for a friend.
We're a channel, radio star.
We're a channel, radio star.
We're a channel, radio star.
We're a channel, radio star.
You don't care.
14 to noon at 560 WQM.
What a disgrace.
What a nasty, nasty piece of business this all is.
Clear channel sucks big time.
Here's their stations.
First Joe Faxson says.
And he's absolutely correct.
Of course, Wynz AM has been WRFX AM since switching to Fox Sports Radio.
Come on, Neil, you're out of touch.
Get with the program.
Why should I know what the call is?
There's nobody else does.
It says get your guns and canned food now.
Freedom is indeed dead.
You're right, Joe.
Shoot them up.
Okay, so here's the clear channel for all the people within the son of our voice.
Treasure Coast.
Can they hear us on the Treasure Coast in Med Brevard County?
Well, yeah, they can.
Just in case.
WZZRFM FM Talk.
WQLFM Oldies.
WSYRFM Hot AC.
WAVWFM Country.
WZZRFM FM Talk.
And WJ, what the hell is that?
What do they have on it?
Oh, that's a real radio.
Wow.
Wow, it's right.
WJN isn't that the one that Howard was on?
I don't know.
I think so.
And WJN, XAM, NWAXC, EM, AM, whatever it is, a news and talk.
That's, we don't know what that is.
Palm Beach County.
WKGR Classic Rock.
Isn't that the Gator?
Yes, it is Gator 98.7.
WOLL Classic AC FM.
WJN OAM, News and Talk.
WLDIFM Today's Hits.
WRLXFM Smooth Jazz.
And WBZTAM Talk.
What's, what station is that?
BZT.
Who's on that?
Huh?
I don't know.
What is that like light bulb light or something?
What can that be?
WAVWFM Country and WZZRFM FM Talk.
And Miami 4, let's see, first of Florida Keys.
WALFM Classic Rock.
It's Wailing on your radio, baby.
WKEYFM.
WEOW.
Miao Radio.
WKFW Sports Talk.
Oh, the worst.
WCTHFM Country.
WKFZA Amodelle Rock.
And WKEZFM Easy Listening in the Keys.
Now, let's see.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
I said it was seven, I lied.
Oh, I forgot the couple of very important ones.
WHYY100.
Why?
It'll top 40.
Just say no to Y100.
Just say no to big.
Which, now they're playing music in the morning.
How would this appear?
Now they're just playing Classic Rock.
What a Rock.
WLVFM Smooth Jazz.
Love 94.
WRFXA Am Sports Talk.
Say goodbye to that.
Just about everybody.
In fact, most people never said hello.
Although we do miss two gods.
He's still there.
WZTA FM New Rock Alternative Zeta.
With the anxious ancient Ron and the Geriatric Paul.
WIOD.
All right, we news talk all day.
WMIV.
So that's one I forgot.
103.5.
Which used to be she.
Which used to be a planet.
Which used to be now it's men and black.
Hip hop.
There are hopping on it.
And WCTH FM Country.
I didn't know there was another country beside Kiss.
Did you?
No.
Fundercountry 100.3 WCTH FM Country.
Pick it, baby.
Pick it real good till it bleeds.
So those are the eight Miami Fort Lauderdale stations for Beasley.
I say Beasley for a Clear Channel, Freudian slip.
And just say, if you want, I mean, you know, do whatever you want.
You're going to listen to whatever you want.
But I'm suggesting if you want to fight back against Clear Channel.
The way to do it is just say goodbye to all our radio stations.
Don't listen to them.
Don't tell anybody that you don't listen to them.
And just forget about them.
That's the best way to do it.
Works like a miracle when you see those ratings come on.
They're stations that are advancing.
Yeah.
Vanishing from the air.
Kind of like our morning numbers.
547 votes.
Why isn't the public up in arms about the government's efforts to...
...stifle free speech?
I was trying to think of a better word.
Yeah.
Because they're too stupid to understand it.
214.
Because the media is mostly ignoring it.
106.
Oh yeah, look at this.
Here's a adult spring break on CNN.
Because they have to tie into their kids.
Ah!
Because freedom of speech is just a saying in American 96.
Because they don't give a shmit 60.
Because they're lazy 44.
And because they don't have any leadership 27 out of 547 votes in an hour and a half.
That's not too bad.
We'll do a thousand a day.
I'll guarantee you that during the show.
We'll do a thousand votes.
Or...
That's it.
We just don't know if it's going to come back.
We're all bailing out, right?
Right.
See, there's a story.
Getaways in Orlando, Florida.
There's Mickey Mouse.
What they ought to be talking about is not even Eisner or Mickey Mouse.
They ought to be talking about how Howard's not on here in Orlando anymore.
Or in South Florida.
But you know, it was a story for a couple of days.
And then we move on other things.
Because naturally, TV doesn't care about radio.
In fact, TV hates radio.
They despise us.
And we hate them to that.
Yeah!
WQM, hello.
Hello, hi.
Mr. Carlton, are you pleased?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I wanted to talk about this Howard Stern thing.
I was...
I'm a Howard...
I used to be a Howard Stern listener.
And I also listened to you also.
Because to me, you both make fence.
And which is, like, a lot of the things that are playing on the radio nowadays.
It's funny that they take Howard off the radio because of that comment that one guy said,
because death is going on for a while.
But they never did anything until after, of course, this whole thing was just Jackson.
And that he was just complaining a few days ago before he got turned...
took it off the air, that he had so many...
What's it called?
You guys have it in the radio delays?
Like, over three delays on the radio.
Right.
And even with all those delays, they still didn't catch, you know, filter out that guy with his little n-word.
And because of just that, he got taken off the radio.
Now, that was just an excuse.
So, who wasn't that it would have been?
They kind of come up with a million different excuses.
When you see the fines, they're going to be announced this week.
If it wasn't going to be that stuff, it would be this week.
It's just a matter of time.
Is that...
And it's funny, because I heard a different story from my wife who listened to the story on the TV.
It said that apparently after that talk with that guy who had sex with parents...
They played the audio of the video, and it's probably that way he got kicked off there.
So, I'm here in two different story about that old thing.
It's all a bunch of crap, man.
It's all just an excuse.
He hasn't been doing anything.
In fact, this show has been so much milder in the last five years than it used to be.
It's not even a contest.
So, all they're doing is looking to take anybody off the air who isn't at the right of a till of the hunt.
Exactly.
And they just use the him as a scapegoat.
They're going to...
And just like your whole thing about knowing cares, it seems like that people are not realizing that just that's just the beginning.
It's going to start filtering out everything that you hear on the radio on TV and the news, everything.
Don't forget, these are the same people want to check out what books you've been reading in the library.
Exactly.
Good luck, Your Palette.
Grab that passport.
All right, I am.
Squeeze it tight in the passport too.
Oh, there you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
That's double on time.
I think it might have been triple on time.
Yeah.
How about single on time as in up yours?
Up yours government.
Yeah, that's single on time.
You finger it out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We got 561 votes pretty weak.
We should have 10,000 on here.
All the people are busy looking at downtown Julie Brown, but you have to go behind a beaded curtain for that.
Because we certainly don't want to have any problems on our website.
Because everything now has got to pass if I uncle Sam.
And uncle Sam, don't want to see no naked boobies on us on website, okay?
So you're going to go to neo-rodgers.com and click on where it says,
are you over the age of 18 or do you think you might be or do you think we'll believe in?
And then you click that on.
And then we take you behind a beaded curtain.
And there's downtown Julie Brown in all of her renowned without her gown.
So it looks like she may be about to go around for lunch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
I'm sorry.
See, I forgot I had that.
So she might be going, yeah, or like that.
I'm not used to having that there.
That was pretty a first vacation to me to stick that there.
No, I'm not going to say no.
I had a feeling we might be needing it.
WQA, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I just want to talk to you real quick about that whole censorship thing with the garbage.
And then speaking, speaking, speaking, how you doing?
I'm doing great.
What I don't understand is, clear channel is a giant company.
Why are they cutting their foot off?
They're ruining their market.
But what do you mean cutting their foot off?
They only, he's only on six out of 1200 stations.
It's not going to cost them a lot of money.
And of course, they're pandering to the right wing.
They're covering their ass and there are other 1200 stations.
So when you've got 1194 stations that don't carry steering and only six of them that do,
they don't give a crap because they don't really care that much about ratings anyway.
They've got plenty of stations and they put together a package and that's how they sell.
They don't care about ratings.
They don't have any.
I listen to stations like Zeta.
I like Colorado.
I'm listening to Good Show.
But you know, it turns me off because I like you too.
And I like your show because your show actually has an opinion.
It has a brain.
And they're mostly entertainment.
Those other channels are mostly entertainment.
And it kills me is that I want to listen to entertainment and then I want to listen to somebody with a brain.
You know, I want the best of both worlds.
But it doesn't have to be in the South Florida.
Yeah.
And what kills me is that it turns me off.
The clear channel, which is the big money, doesn't want to support people who want to have their entertainment
and have the cake and eat it too kind of thing.
No, they don't want you to be able to listen to whatever you like.
If you like it, tough luck.
They're not going to put it on here because they're going to make up some excuse
if I was going to cost them their license and they're trying to protect the airwaves
and how they're cleaner and holier than everybody else.
And all they're doing is sucking up to the right wingers.
That's all.
No, it's a bunch of garbage.
Firstly, I don't like Howard.
I think he's a bunch of trash because he talks trash and he degrades a lot of people.
But I'll tell you one thing.
I'm a start for a public.
We're public in my whole life.
And I tell you one thing.
I'm 32 years old.
I'm seriously concerned pulling my Republican vote because this guy is out of control
and Michael Powell is out of control.
And he was elected to a position under Clinton and then he laid dormant.
He didn't do anything.
He got to go in.
And then all of a sudden, when daddy's in control and then the Bushmesters in control,
now he's a big dog.
And now he's going to start telling us what we can and can't listen to.
What about your garbage?
Amen.
Thank you very much, bro.
I love you.
Open yourself accordingly, pal.
I just threw my log out.
Do I have another, uh, something?
No, I don't.
I just, I'm just getting ahead of myself.
No, I'm saying.
Well, sooner you throw it out the center of Lincoln League.
It sounds like a winner to me.
Slide in local.
We're sports video 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
And why?
They're revolutionary.
And they're coming to America.
And anything that flows.
It's the funniest basketball team in the third world.
The Haitian gold drawters.
They really know how to shoot.
And done.
The Haitian gold drawters.
It's metal like leaving.
Take on this, Parennial opponents.
Thank you, Escoz-Dark.
Turn off your clock.
It's for hand to be fired.
It's fun for the whole family.
Yeah, you tickets before they sit back to Porta Friends.
The Haitian gold drawters.
They're all right.
Oh, you see, baby docks is, hey, I want to go back and take care of my people.
You see that?
Baby docks.
I want to take care of them.
Or as he didn't finish here the first time.
Bravo, two at five, 60 WQM.
We got the Mad Dog to manage it to.
Then we got to somebody at four.
Either hand go.
Bergwar, some poor substitution at four from Schuylostake to.
We don't know yet, do we?
No.
How is it possible that we don't know yet?
We don't have an answer.
I don't know.
I mean, what kind of a make-believe radio station is this?
I remember there used to be a show called Make-believe Ballroom.
But Make-believe radio, I mean, what's that?
You know, either Hank is going to be honored.
He's still suspended or whatever.
Hurricane hotline at seven.
The big, at eight tonight, who gets paid by the pound.
You got Eddie K. at 10 and Joanne Mark overnight.
Here's a fact that says, a very wise elderly gentleman once told me we get the leaders we deserve.
If America's willing to put up with all this neo-Nazi stuff and we deserve it.
Everyone is so busy trying to survive that nobody's got time to care anymore.
No more.
Oh, and by the way, how about that nice job?
Is it a report on Friday?
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh man!
Speaking of jobs.
125,000 jobs and only 21,000 and none of them, by the way, did not have farm payrolls.
Yes?
Kimbo camper.
Disappointed.
At four?
Yes.
At Shulis?
Yes.
The fact says there should be a million people marching on the White House.
Well, how are sperm talked about the million moron march?
Did you see that?
No.
It says, demanding an end to the word.
Well, of course, they signed that interim constitution in Iraq today.
Are we impressed?
No.
Are we excited?
No.
No, and meanwhile, they're still butchering each other like crazy.
What are we going to get one?
Yeah, that's right.
We're too busy worrying about making a constitution and giving freedoms to the people of Iraq.
What are we going to give the freedoms back to the people in America's world?
A lot of us would like to know.
Is that going to happen?
No.
Any time soon?
No.
It says we scared the crap out of President Johnson and President Nixon.
Let's get a million people marching on the White House and Shulis Bush were mad as hell.
And we're not going to take it anymore.
It says this very angry pissed off and fired up.
Facts are here.
I'm as mad as hell.
I'm as good as I can take this anymore.
Oh!
Yeah.
Like we story.
There are two busy watching the reruns of whatever they're watching.
Friends.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Rudy opposes gain ups bands as the New York Daily News.
Rudy Giuliani came out yesterday against President Bush's call for ban on game marriage.
How do you like that?
The former mayor who Vice President Cheney joked in the United States after his job.
That's the Vice President who's got the out of the closet lesbian bull-like daughter?
Yeah.
Giuliani vigorously defended the president on his post-9 level leadership but made clear he disagrees with Bush's proposal to rewrite the constitution law.
Gays and lesbians from time to not.
I don't think it's right for the decision of this point he said I'll eat the press.
I certainly would not support a ban at this time.
Added Giuliani who lived with a gay man hat and couple when he moved out of Gracie, mentioned during his nasty divorce.
Giuliani took his gay right stance just as speculation hits a fever pitch that he's in line to replace Cheney on Bush's ticket.
But he said no chance.
And the Sun Sentinel says.
Paul says Florida voters oppose gay marriage but support civil unions.
A slight majority of Florida voters support civil unions for gay lesbian couples but most opposed same sex marriage.
New poll is found yet Florida voters are divided over President Bush's call for a constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage with more voters opposed when amendment that supporting it a poll by the same P times in a hero found.
The poll conducted March 3rd and 4th found that 65% of Florida voters oppose same sex marriage.
Opposition was most intense in the Tampa Bay area where 72% are opposed what a shock.
Now aren't you surprised?
No.
No, no, no.
Still 53% of Floridians have gazed must be a lot of forms of unions which could allow same-sex couples to have the same benefits as married couples.
I matter such as health insurance, inheritance, pensions, etc. All of these things.
What's significant about these numbers is that Florida voters continue to be willing to compromise.
They have no problem with civil unions had robbed Shroth a Democratic pollster who conducted the poll last week with Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway.
Only 41% of those polls said they would support President Bush's push to ban same-sex marriages.
11% are not on the constitutional amendment question.
Only 41% of the Ohio State like Florida including Tampa and Clearwater and Jacksonville and the D.L.A.N.D. and Bradenton and two-egg and Tallahassee and Pensacola.
Only 41% say you will go for that.
We got bigger face to Prime Mr. President okay?
You lunatic you dumbo you imbicill you.
You goofball.
There's edge which is a long standing tradition and this may undermine that tradition to a certain degree.
Well the White House is going to claim that John Kerry is undermining the tradition by essentially saying I'm doing the bidding of foreign leaders who want to see Bush out.
The whole world by the way just haven't come back from here if the whole world wants to Bush out.
Bye bye Bush the whole world is foaming at the mouth. Bye bye no more Bush.
They're onto him.
Here's line 9 WQA. Hello.
Hey Neil listen up here in Orlando through the static.
Braden arms up here about losing Howard.
You probably didn't hear the news but there was a few hundred people that protested down at the clear.
Clearwater Channel Station when he was announced that he was thrown off.
Right.
And they have the monsters in the morning now they have a opening in the midday and I know it's clear Channel so there's no way you're going to be on it but it'd be great if you were.
Oh yeah I'm holding my breath.
Yeah yeah I mean we don't know what to do.
I mean we protested it was on our local channel here even it got some national exposure but it seems like it's for no good because.
The most effective thing to do is to turn off all the clear channel stations and don't turn them on again.
That's the most effective.
You'll see that impact have take place almost immediately when a rating start coming out and the clear channel numbers start dropping from the face of the earth.
That'll make something happen.
Neil the sad thing is I don't think it's just clear channel here pretty thin and then he's probably going to drop.
Stern and you or the monster I mean it seems like it's it's I don't know I'm not a lot of words Neil.
Good luck to pali.
He just he just claimed up.
Yep or they got him.
Let's see now what is this?
Hey SCRAN.
Is this from the same guy as just something.
I don't know I'm going to post it around.
It's cute I like this.
What a copy and copy.
Hey SCRAN I'm so sorry let's kiss and make up and can I have my show back.
I don't find that amusing.
I'm just also I'm just like his last guy I'm going to lost for words too when you told me that Kimbo Bo campers going to be on this afternoon instead of the Humper.
I got news for you Greg Reed okay.
I have news for I like Kim but he's a good guy but if you think that Kimba see this is what happens when you do with sports news.
I don't know it's how many times have I tried to tell this man he won't listen to me.
People don't listen to Q and because they're talking about sports.
The personality is okay when they had mid in fact what before we came on his station and they had the booster with that.
A anxious Chris moron on.
You can put their number in a simple and have room for the goddamn Chinese army left over in there.
So this idea that just putting on one X joc over here another X joc over there talking about the crime about the dolphins every day.
Even Jim Sarni in the sunset and all says it's unlistenable it's ponderous.
People listen to Hank Goldberg because he's Hank Goldberg that's why.
People listen to mad dog because he's one in a billion because he's a wacko because he's a wild personality is a crazy guy.
But don't confuse Greg with the facts.
See if you were to tell me that Hank was going to be under there we have a new sales manager then I would say yeah.
Now we're talking there's some good news that I see I finally got a piece of copy here for balance for life that makes some sense with it.
We didn't even have the right phone number on the other piece of copy.
I was not using it.
Didn't even have the right phone number on that copy.
Well I used it to make a point and guess what now we got a new piece of copy see.
See how you got to do it.
You got to threaten them with bodily punishment.
You got to threaten them with death.
You got to threaten them with doing a Jesus like crucifixion them right outside in the parking lot.
Jesus got a good score and I'll come back for that.
We'll probably ask him to show you real good.
David, come to QA him hello.
Hello now.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
I just want to let you guys know that deep conspiracy doesn't end with clear channel.
I went to take a exam with the TSA and they had all these weird loaded questions like would you like this administration?
Would you do things better if you were running this administration?
Really?
Yeah yeah it's pretty loaded in.
I wouldn't leave any fingerprints on those pages man.
No no I didn't.
I didn't.
And the war man I'm taking a good stuff for the pissed off.
Later man.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Where was mine?
You know also I think we need to find out about this yellow thing here.
Yeah I'm sure that's enough one day two weeks ago.
But of course I beg your pardon?
What?
Okay I just I don't want to talk about that in length on the air.
But I just mentioned that don't let me forget tomorrow morning we'll do like a dry run.
And they don't seem to care like move like that you know.
As long as you sign that paper that's all they care about.
I see.
Well no I think you had your thumb on it before because whether that works or not has nothing to do with.
That's right.
Right.
So that's not really the main priority for them even at this point.
Go to QAM.
Yes sir.
It's quite interesting how Clip your channel pulls.
How is she earn off the air?
Yeah.
As soon as Howard starts talking about how we got to vote out push in November.
I find that quite interesting.
But let's talk about something more important.
Why are you shooting when George is filming for you when you go on vacation?
Yeah.
The guy is terrible.
Yeah.
He sounds like a dweeb.
I'd rather you could check on school a lot.
Yeah he was.
He was short.
And I have it in the library a lot.
Yeah.
Well who do you like to have me have fill in when I go on vacation?
Give me a name.
You can be such.
He was in on Friday with him.
So it's so it's cool to do a short such as the show alone.
Why not?
I mean, you know, he can talk.
Let me sit again.
SUDs doesn't do a short answer.
Have a great life.
We're real happy with George fillin in.
And the stations real happy too because they pay him almost nothing extra anyway.
So they're real pleased with that.
And the ratings in the summertime when George was on most of the time we're just fine.
And we're excellent.
So we're real happy with that.
So if you don't like it when George is on, I have a revolutionary idea.
I better not say it.
He will.
Of course he will.
And next vacation and then I'll come back and I'll say,
oh, George was even worse this time than before.
It was horrible.
And he was a real dweeb and it yeah, etc.
You don't like him.
Don't listen to him.
12, 13 at 5, 60 WQM.
Hey, here's a question for you.
How's your new year's resolution going on losing that weight?
Probably not so well like the most of us fat people.
It's just too darn tough to stick to that old diet regiment.
I don't see it that's a darn in here.
I like that.
Too gosh darn tough to stick to the old diet regiment.
Well, with balance for life, it's not because balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet.
And they bring right to your doorstep three delicious gourmet meals and two snacks every single day in their little black sack.
With all that food, how can you say you're on a diet?
Try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet.
Don't settle for limitations.
Imagine there's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning.
I like the other one better.
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds in a month with balance for life.
Let me say it again.
An average of 12 to 18 pounds off your big fat ass a month with balance for life.
The zone diets proven lower diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure too.
And now if you ever wanted to try this out, beach diet, here's your chance.
Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find.
How because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices.
You allow you to go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet.
Did you get that?
Good.
Feel the difference and see the results with balance for life.
Here's that new tool free number Troy.
Hey Troy, write it down on your cheek.
866-225-4543.
That's tool free.
866-225-4543 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
My, and local, 6456-4205-60.
You weigh 2,000, yeah.
I spot Eric, he's got all the current channels stations out of Webster.
He had his skills, he had nothing to win.
They put one back in, does his heart is old.
The doctor's called it a heart of fan.
But now we really know his heart is old.
No matter what we're told.
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old.
Prope it don't explode.
He makes decisions, he has the vision.
He has the country under his control.
Wild pushes jogging, takes things you're vlogging.
And that's what happens when your heart is old.
And it's full of hope.
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old.
And it's gonna blow.
He'll keep on working till as hard as cold.
He'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old.
But it's really old.
How's your both-I thought it was, Mr. Vice President?
Probably 18 at 5.60 W.A.M.
This is a great column by Linda McQuag and the Toronto Starry.
They fanning the flames of anti-Semitism, a scathing review of Mel Gibson's passion, passion of the Jesus.
I'll get to it. Don't let me forget.
Also something that really happens in Europe about,
because they don't want these genetically modified crops come to find out that more than
two thirds of conventional crops in the US are not contaminated with genetically modified material,
dooming organic agriculture and posing a severe future risk to health.
Oh, we shouldn't be concerned about that.
Why should we be concerned about that when Martha Stewart maybe go to jail, right?
Right. Now you may be shocked at this. It might take on that.
I don't want to see her go to jail.
Okay. I can't stand a bitch number one, but number two.
Did you think she belonged to the jail time for her is appropriate?
No, I've been saying all along 200 grand. She had that much in her purse.
Right.
That scumbag over in Sarasota, they killed a little girl who was a, how many times was he convicted?
But turn, man.
Of other crimes, serious crimes we're talking about.
They gave him about two minutes in jail in the slimer to slap on her wrist and he was out there again killing that little girl.
Right.
But Martha Stewart, they're going to throw her ass in jail.
Find her for being a greedy bitch and like those on.
Yeah. Make her shop at Walmart.
That'll teach her ass.
Oh, anyway, here's the says on our website.
Now if you don't like what clear channel is doing, don't listen.
It's got a list here's big 106 and Y 100 and I OD and Fox sports.
WRFX, whatever the hell it is and all the other ones.
Nice going, Eric. He's on top of his got all the logos there.
Nice logos by the way, crappy stations.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on.
I mean, you know, there's a thing with it.
It's not, it's not just Neocons.
It's not CSM just like I was saying years ago and people were laughing at me.
Oh gee, you're going too far Neal.
There'll be a laugh at you.
Right.
When you criticize the administration and they take you off the earth, that's called fascism.
And who I blame the most, I'll say it again, is the Democratic Party or is useless as
boobs on a ballpoint pen.
Okay.
That's how useless you people are.
With a one exception, rust fine gold, they're in Wisconsin.
Got some balls.
Try to stand up for freedom of speech.
But everybody else there, they're too preoccupied with God only knows what.
What about how they doing?
Can't stand up in the election year for smut.
And like the article, which one was it?
The Katrina Van Inhovels about the Stern being unpopular with a lot of goody two shoes people.
So therefore they're not going to come to his support.
You don't want to remind me of it's like Al Goldstein, same thing.
When they decided to destroy Al, who the hell was going to stand up for him?
Nobody.
He's a smut, my dear.
He was a pedler of porn.
Am I all the Sothecrath?
WQA and hello.
Hey, I just want to talk to Neal.
Speaking.
Neal, just wanted to make a comment on one of your previous callers with regard to Howard Stern.
Let's not forget that once you started badmouthing Bush, he's single handedly responsible for putting two governors into office.
So once you started badmouthing Bush, I think they felt the pressure that he was going to sway the election quite severely.
Secondly, I didn't know if you realized they're not today but they raised the tolls on the term fight for those of us that refused to use the Sun Pass.
Really?
Yes.
And I've always contended that anytime you put a transmitter in your car, their big brother was keeping an eye on you.
And rest assured in a couple of years they'll be using those things for other purposes other than just for polarity.
Every time you stick your finger in the nose, man, in a nostril, they're going to be, they're going to know which nostril it is.
Very true.
And what you're pulling out.
Exactly.
So who on the Sun Pass, man, put your quarters in the basket?
All right.
Good luck, you pal.
Just put your quarter and your lotion in the basket.
I think I just said something I wasn't supposed to say.
Like, hello.
Basket?
Like, hello.
Oh, don't say it's just going to task it because it rhymes with basket.
And of course, right after basket comes, basket.
Uh-oh.
5, 6, 7.
I think we ought to have a show one day where all we do is for four hours that we just do the spots of course because that's what we're here for to make the money for four hours.
Huh?
I'm going to study Morse code so we can bang out secret, secret messages.
WQAnne, hello.
Yes.
Yes.
So I'm just taking a ride up out 95 with the wind that's down the gorgeous day that I'm here.
So far, I just passed a brand new Bolton board and living color south of open park Boulevard.
I was here up the QM ones are up already.
Yeah.
I'm watching right across the way is a shit.
Right.
Go board.
But, uh, yeah, there's no one to help open park Boulevard is, uh, if you can't miss it going north down on 95 heading back to New York.
Excellent.
Well, it's pretty no expense, man.
That's the route for it.
It's a beautiful thing.
And we all love your mission.
Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal.
I have a safe trip.
5, 6, 7.
So the billboards are up.
Let's hear it.
I wonder if the Hank Goldberg billboards up.
See, one thing I notice about Greg, every time we're going to do a billboard campaign, which I think this is only the second time in almost seven years now.
But every time there's going to be any kind of promotion, almost immediately, if not sooner, one of the people is going to be promoted is no longer around or suspended or like disappears.
Something like that.
Do we have any mobile boards?
Absolutely.
Now it really will be something.
Let's see.
Why 100 is clear channel ban Kenny and foodie.
They're supreme bush hovers and screw the guy.
Georgia's great.
So there's some facts here.
Wow.
And this fact is not even at one of the teddy from Botswana.
Somebody likes you, George.
Oh.
Let's see.
This is fired up and pissed off because the people of this country are so stupid and they're allowing their freedoms to be taken away little by little.
No, it's not little by little.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's fast.
And they don't stop to think about what's happening.
Just some of the changes that have happened.
It's got 10.
Here's the top 10 list of crap.
Number one, you must wear a seatbelt.
Number two, you can't have it open container of beer in public.
Number three, you can't smoke a cigar or cigarette indoors.
And in some areas, outdoors.
What is it?
One of the going to come down with a ruling that you can't fart more than three times a day in your house.
Isn't that coming pretty soon?
Dung deal.
That's an excretory act.
Ah!
Ah, ah, ah, 50,000 dollars.
You can't listen to what you want on radio.
Number five, you can't watch what you want on TV in soon to be cable.
Number six, you can't let your dog run loose.
Number seven, you can't pay your house to color.
You want number eight, you can't pay it fly to flag where you want.
Number nine, you can't disagree with what some people say or do because it's racist,
sexist.
Or number 10, you can't do what you want in your bedroom.
It's just Bob.
Too many people just say, well, it's good for the general public or it doesn't affect me.
And they don't realize that each of these little things just either way are basic freedoms.
I'd prefer that you not use my full name on here because I don't want to knock on the door three amps.
This is Bob.
One dude Bob.
Open up, we know what you're doing in there Bob.
We can smell it.
It's part and fourth time, baby.
Let's see, here's one that says, hey, the other day after Howard was moved,
Mohaward was singing his non-humorous way that the stations should remove,
remote, what?
Promote his nasty ass.
Oh yeah, well, we know about that.
He also went on to say that within a week or two, this would all blow over
and we'd be thinking about things that really matter like if the dolphins would keep J.
He said, oh man, did he really say that?
What a schmuck that old bald man is.
It says here, Michael polished your mod under Moh for lack of show entertainment.
Moh got to go.
It says, no more and L. Rushbow that Pilpop and have a grid.
Keep fighting a good fight on wayward.
See, this is the people like, no, I don't listen to Howard Stern's show.
I haven't listened to it for years.
Maybe the time he's been on the South Florida.
I listen two or three times briefly.
It's just not for me, no more.
I'm not interested in boobs and dikes.
I don't care about that.
But the guy's longevity and what he accomplished in the industry is beyond question.
You have to be a moron not to understand that.
A moron.
Absolutely.
And when, and this business that they come up with now the FCC about, well,
just because somebody has high ratings in a market, that doesn't, that doesn't cut it.
Well, right.
In other words, because a lot of people like you and like what you do, if one person doesn't like you,
well, that gives us an excuse to run your ass off the ear.
I've been trying to tell the public in my own little corner of the world in South Florida,
where the average IQ is smaller than your, uh, toe size, for years and years about how they were trying to take away all your,
what little freedom you had left.
That's why the correct answer on that poll is an America freedom of speech is just a phrase.
That's the correct answer.
Just a bunch of words on a piece of paper.
27 past noon at 560 WQM.
You're still free to go to the track and punch your guts out as of today anyway.
All you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompedo Park Racing in car room is got just a gambling action you're looking for.
Just a half mile from both I and 95 in the turn, Pike Pompedo Park is easy to get to.
And best of all, Pompedo Park features free admission and free general parking every day.
That's what they love in South Florida is that word free. They'll take it.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday like tonight Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon goes on a little bit.
And live racing gets underway.
Nightly at 7.05 p.m. Beware.
Wally, Hennessy, look out.
Every Monday night like tonight, there's that two for $25 dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
Every Wednesday night is dollar night for graph beer.
So does hot dogs and more every Thursday's ladies night at the track with two for wondering specials.
And also every night at the fourth floor players room, there's a 7.95 plated dinner special.
Give her a plated dinner.
No, what is that?
It's a lot neater than eating it off the floor.
Every live racing night this week is our Lucai a week at Pompedo Park and honor the Ila Caprice, newest casino are.
Lucai on Grand Baja Island will be given away five trips for two, including airfare from Fort Lauderdale.
A two night stay at the Sheridan Hotel in Golf or two.
Plus each night five other winners will get tickets for two on the newest high speed ferry.
If I can say that, the cat that sales daily to Grand Baja Island from Port Overture Everglades.
Off your glades.
Pompedo Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline, road for the current race schedule.
Call 9-5-4-972-2000 or check it out online at pompedopark.com.
Don't forget first post time tonight, 7-05 at Pompedo Park.
My, my, and local.
This is Fort Lauderdale by City.
Way to A.
Face season of G-Streng up here. I'll do it.
This is Keith Jackson on Span Shusai Man.
I'm standing outside of a New York City Theatre.
Trying to get a word with the America's biggest celebrities.
To have just witnessed Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here comes former governor and former presidential candidate Howard Dean.
Sir, can you review this movie for me in just one word?
Mmm.
You're crazy.
Wait a minute. Here comes Whitney Houston looking rather way flagged.
Whitney, what'd you think of Mel Gibson's picture?
I love his picture. Beautiful.
It's my land.
I don't believe that's true.
Don't you hail from Weehawken?
Anyway, on a white pager left on the sidewalk after Whitney's departure.
Here's a man out of Austin Redstock's hat. Sir, what'd you think of the movie?
No, my suction.
Pongyan. Though I don't believe no Margas Yapara is in this picture.
Ooh, here comes American Idol superstar William Hung.
A man who was voted the worst performance ever who seems to be riding that to a $1,000,000.
William, what did you think of the portrayal of Mary Magdalene?
Cheek-beak, Cheek-beak, old baby.
You were sick, sick, and hoogie, and rather inappropriate.
Here comes Yanky owner, George Steinbredner.
George, what'd you think of the movie?
Good.
What'd you think of Mel Gibson? Good.
Cinematography? Good.
Script? Good.
Lighting? Good.
Subtitles? Good.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here comes former football superstar, Joe Linton.
Joe, can I get your reactions of the movie you just saw?
I want to kiss you.
While you are handsome, man, Joe, you wreak of cheap liquor.
Ooh, here's a true legend.
David Gist, a strange husband of lies, a mannely, cavalry queen.
Sir, you look rather stunned.
Hey, sit down right to the wilderness.
Look what happens to my neck. It's indented.
Yes, he was sitting near the front.
And here's Simon Cowell from American Idol, the man who judges everything.
Sir, give us your review of this movie.
Carried.
Better watch your step-cowell of Mel Gibson.
I'll have your intestines on a stick like me or Times Report of Frank Rich.
This is Keith Jackson on Special assignment.
All right.
That's going to key.
26 till 1 at 5, 16 WQ.
And we got the man dog at 2 and we got Kim Bo camper at 4 this afternoon from Shula State, 2 and all.
Kim Bo camper this afternoon at 4. No Hank.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Now, we get any elaboration on that.
Is there a...
That was it?
Yep.
Who told you that?
Miguel.
Somebody told him.
I see.
Some of the words they're passing it down the hall.
Sure.
Linda McQuag writes in the Toronto Star yesterday.
She's a Toronto based author and political commentator.
Fanning the flames of anti-Semitism, speaking of Mel.
Linda says it's not often I go to a torture flick and after seeing Mel Gibson's the passion of the Christ, I know why.
It's hard to imagine a more unpleasant way to spend two hours than watching the relentless thrashing of a human being, which is pretty much what goes on in this movie.
It's also hard to imagine anyone leaving the theater feeling particularly uplifted.
On the contrary, one emerges thrilled that the movie is finally over and marveling that there are people walking about on the street apparently not even trying to torture anyone.
Of course, the bleak vision presented in the film, which includes a Satan character, fits well with the emergence of an intelligent fundamentalist mentality in which the world is neatly divided into good and evil them and us.
Even apparently secular institutions are getting into the fundamental swing of things.
New York Times reporter Elizabeth Bumeller put an astonishing question to Democratic firm under John Kerry and it televised debate last month.
Is God on America's side? She asked?
Apparently unaware that this is the 21st, not the 15th century, and that she works for a newspaper, not an Inquisition panel.
Gibson has shrugged off criticism of this hugely controversial film and system that he's just telling the true story with all its blood and guts.
Yet despite his claims of authenticity, the movie religiously follows the most standard of Hollywood conventions.
The women are beautiful, Satan is bald and ugly, and the actor plays Jesus clearly goes to the gym regularly and has his teeth so white they glow in the dark.
The real Jesus would have been much shorter and sliter and there are no reason to believe he was dropped at handsome.
But with a Don Nots lookalike on the cross, who would have, well, this had been a blockbuster.
More importantly Gibson seems to embellish the story greatly exaggerating the role of the Jews killing Christ.
Meanwhile the Roman governor Pontius Pilate who had ultimate responsibility over who lived and who died, comes across a decent and downright likable fellow, keen to do the right thing if only the Jewish mob wasn't so fixed on crucifixion.
One keeps hoping as the procession heads toward you know what, that maybe just maybe there'll be a last minute intervention by that nice Mr. Pilate or his even more kindly wife.
Elaine Pagels, a renowned historian of the early Christian period, pointed out in the New Yorker last week that this is a serious distortion to deflect responsibility from the Romans for resting and executing Christ which Gibson takes from the Gospels and makes even more extreme is contrary to everything we understand about history.
Those who wrote the Gospel she explains had reason to whitewash the role of the brutal all-powerful Romans who didn't take well the criticism, Gibson was under no such constraints.
This is an exactly trivial detail. The claim that the Jews killed Christ has been the feeding ground of anti-Semitism for centuries all the way up to the Holocaust.
Gibson the son of a Holocaust denier is presumably fit to familiar with this terrain. While Gibson isn't obliged to promote the brotherhood of man, is it too much to expect him to avoid vigorously fanning a flame that's led to so much hatred and misery throughout history?
Yet the media have been soft on Gibson, a flattering cover story in people magazine last week recounted lightning striking during the filming and asked those Gibson have got on his side.
Remember when reading the mainstream press was different than reading a Christian summer camp newsletter?
Some high profile commentators including Barbara Amal and Rick's Murphy have argued that concerns about a rise in anti-Semitism shouldn't focus on Gibson's film but rather Murphy suggests on the ferocity of criticism routinely directed at Israel.
This is a death-slide of hand Gibson who's distortion of the facts may well breed new life and the most potent and durable anti-Semitic allegation is given a pass while those who criticize the Israeli government over its illegal 35-year occupation of Palestinian land are tired with a brush of anti-Semitism.
Murphy even sweeps critics of Israel in us were in with suicide bombers and is depiction of the new anti-Semitism.
The suggestion that criticizing Israel is inherently anti-Semitic is of course being made with increasing frequency these days the silence critics of Israel whose ranks include Jews inside and outside Israel and even Holocaust survivors.
Measured against the hauntingly anti-Jewish images in the passion of the Christ, the suggestion that critics of Israel's military occupation of the new anti-Semites seems almost as silly and menacing as Gibson's film.
Right through the McQuagen yesterday Toronto star you go Linda.
Hi, Sloane. Well, that was very balanced and fair. Yeah, how unusual. Just like on Fox. Just like on clear channel. Right. I'm sorry. Just like on channel.
I'm in Stanton, Purgatory making a thousand by two o'clock is there. And this is not a kind of a poll that we should be having to like force feed. You know what I'm saying?
But I just miss a rise by seeing that new picture of downtown Julie Brown behind the beaded crit near on the O'Rajers dot com.
702 votes. Why isn't the public up in army? You're right. They don't care. They just you know we hit some calls, but they just don't care the way they should.
You know scary stupid. Up in arms about the government's attempts to stifle free speech.
Of course in South Florida, they're so used to it, especially in the county. Maybe it's nothing new. You know.
Because they're too stupid to understand it. 263 out of 706 because the media is mostly ignoring at 139.
Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America.
124. There's John Kerry on air with some photo ops. What's what's he doing for us? Nothing because freedom of speech is just a saying in America.
124 because they don't give a Schmidt 73 because they're lazy 69 and because they don't have any leadership only 39.
So at least only 39 people out there, believe it on a vacuum of leadership like scary John Kerry.
But being able to reach out to a nice. Well good for him. I'll vote from 1020 times man. He's real real disappointing on many things.
You know he's weak. He's weak just like the Democratic Party really weak.
It was like you know the opponents of Hitler during WWII during the all that's so going on. They were kind of like weak. You know what I mean?
Yeah. And then there were back. Right. Hey listen if you're starving to want to break from the kitchen, let our friends at Amelco's take care of you and do all the cooking for it.
They're cook up a real feast. Start off with six different soup sample sample dozens and zillions maybe even.
Fuck. Third man. Second on for his I think more than that. New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian grill along with that new seafood saying Jacques enjoy oysters on the a half
show. Well, I can stone crap middle neck clams jumbo shrimp scamper reunite. If he still have room for their hand card primary of the new Thai specialties too. And don't forget they promote healthy living at the
Amelco's because they cook all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils. There's no cornstarch no MSG no crap and the buffet features a full sound of bar new sushi bar fresh
room cocktail to and if you have any room left at the end of this deal which will be a miracle. But if you do it's well worth trying the dessert station with Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice
given all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit. Perfect ending to a gigantic feast. Amelco's three South Florida locations waiting for him. They're in sunrise.
Pine Island of 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of one sixty third North Miami Beach and also the intercession of flamingo and
Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines. So take the family book your next business lunch and now let the folks at Amelco's cook up a real storm for you. Take out and
you in.
The young guy. I needed a new one in late and I get it right away. Thank you to the Vincent. The deal on my fish cut broke in like a miracle. I had a new one in less than an hour. Thank you Joseph and son. Hi, I'm Jesus Christ. You know it ain't easy living in Jerusalem when you look like Peter O'Toole and he can't speak a lick of Aramaic. That's why here at Joseph and son Carpentry Shop. You'll always receive quality work at miraculous.
They have to receive cheaply low prices. Right Bob? Sure. So for the finest and custom wood crafting from a bookcase to an art. Don't settle for any shallow just builds crosses try Joseph and son Carpentry Shop. Our work is guaranteed. My hands of God.
From 46th at five sixty W. K. O. A. M. five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th in Verizon Wireless Line. Hope you got some good material for the rest of the week. Josh. I'll work on it.
because you're going to be doing a show solo.
In fact, you're going to be answering the phones.
You're going to be taking the calls.
You're going to be taxing yourself all the material
doing the poll, updating the website, and running the spots.
All right.
All right.
Somebody QA, hello?
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, Hanko, we're going to be on today.
No, we're not.
What is happening?
I'm not the one who's laughing.
George is laughing.
No, he's not.
Is he out sick or what is happening?
No, he's suspended by the radio station.
He's suspended for bitching out our sales manager.
Really?
Oh, boy.
Another Howard Stern case.
No, I don't think I had nothing to do with Howard Stern.
It has to do with our idiotic management.
But I'm supposed to be similar.
About your partner?
Sort of a similar case.
No.
OK.
Well, we're missing.
And me too.
Thank you.
There's somebody who misses you, Hanko.
OK, we're on your side, Hanko.
I'm going to step you back.
That was him, the vote camper, beyond.
I don't know any more about that,
because this station just plays fast and loose with the truth.
And then, of course, the middle-level management people,
like Duff and Clarence, they threaten them with physical harm,
with crucifixion on the corner of Ivesdury in 441.
If they dare say anything, so we're always in the dark.
You know what's going on.
You know what you need to know, Buster.
I see.
Well, I'm here is what I need.
And I'm pretty pleased about it.
The 56070560.560 on AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
We are not going to make that 1,000 votes by 2 o'clock.
We got 740.
Well, that's pretty weak.
About your free speech has been taken away.
Radio shows are being taken off.
TV has been watered down.
And I got that article about cable that I read every day.
I'm going to do it again.
Just that short part of it.
I'll do it right now.
Cable may also be targeted.
And of course, don't forget about the MTV
and about censoring the playlist now, which videos
you're going to get to see.
And this is a little bit too.
Everything now is being cut way back.
Things that were OK five weeks ago, 20 weeks ago,
20 years ago, it would just fine.
Now, if anybody is offended, if anybody, any good Christian
out there is offended by it, the kind of entertainment
that you're listening to or watching or thinking
about watching or reading, well, I guess what, Mr.
that's the end of you.
Finito.
First rated by the profanity and nudity on television
that culminated with Janet Jackson, Justin Tinkerbell's
sexy Super Bowl dance, angry lawmakers.
Rains the prospect of expanding the fight against
and decency on television to include cable networks
for the first time.
Lawmakers, including Republicans, usually
wary of government regulation raise the possibility
of getting even tougher, such as passing a three strikes
in your off the air law that would revoke the FCC licenses
of repeat radio offenders, reformers
who focus on network TV are missing 85% of the story
because 85% of Americans now get their TV programming
from cable and satellite TV, FCC chairman
the employee asked Michael Policeman.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona,
favorite to see about, that's just crap.
Congress would have to change rules governing the FCC
before the commission would expand its oversight
of cable TV because cable is a subscription service
that doesn't use the public airwaves
and historically has been out of the FCC's jurisdiction.
But in the aftermath of the Super Bowl halftime show,
Congress may be willing to give the FCC greater authority
over cable, God help you, that's all I can tell you, man.
Because of a second and a half of nudity,
of one partially covered breast, this is the excuse
and the rest of the Congress, including most of the Democrats,
including just about everybody says, oh yeah, yes, yes, yes,
yes, Massa, yes, Massaclista.
Oops.
I missed him in roots.
Yeah, he's in there.
Was he one of those chicken fighters?
He was chicken Schmidt.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, sir.
Don't rock the bow, you're all we got.
Yeah, I'm rolling it, man.
I'm rolling the boat real slow.
Hold it steady, please.
OK, I'm holding a real steady.
See, there you go again.
I'm holding steady.
Right.
No matter what you say, man, you're going to try
to nail your ass.
Oh, see, everybody's offended now.
Oh, this was indecent and that was disgusting.
And this was obscene.
We're all offended here.
Some of these people have been on here.
How many years has Stern been on there doing the same thing?
About 30, man.
Pretty close to it.
Same stuff.
Yeah, so they paid some fines and there always were some
professional agitators out there complaining, you know.
And by the way, the people who would do the complaints,
they're not offended.
They're just professional Schmidt distributors is already
trying to dictate public taste and try to get this one fired
and get that one.
They're not fooling me.
That's all they're trying to do is deprive you of the
opportunity to make your own choices on what you find
entertaining or amusing or interesting.
But I can't really give into the very, very wealthy and
millionaires receiving a yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just stick with the same old tried and true crap, man.
And the meantime, where is a political party?
Where are some political leaders who will have the balls
to stand up against this crap?
They don't exist.
Where the hell are they?
Rust find gold and rust find gold.
That's it.
So we got and John Kerry says, well, but a clear channel that
doesn't want him working on their station.
They certainly have a yeah, yeah, pure as John.
Howard Dean was right.
Life is a scream.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing today?
OK, sir.
I just wanted to mention something about that call.
But you got a little earlier about the Sun Path.
Yes.
And that sort of exemplifies the network of corruption that
Jam has going in this state.
Because Sun Path, their database system is run by
choice point of Texas, which is the same company that put
together Catherine Harris is $4 million voter purge
list.
Oh my god.
And is also putting together the list for point
dexter's total information agency.
And get this.
World Com got the data link contract to hook up all of the
fiber optic systems of the readers, the card readers.
World Com.
Yeah.
And Arthur Anderson, now known as Accenture,
manages the fund, which I don't know if you remember,
when Sun Path was first starting out, there was a lot of
fund management and people were being overcharged.
Yeah.
So I mean, there's a serious network of corruption with
a good like to America.
So that's all I can tell you is a former American.
Good luck to you.
To you too.
OK, thank you.
Fisting, I was speaking to that.
Wait till you're this.
You know that obnoxious, anxious, Anthony and Scalia.
See, Nazi is as opposed to Nazi light, Nazi heavy duty.
So Peeing Court Justice, Anthony and Scalia spoke before an
anti-gay rights group while the court was considering a major
gay rights case last year newspaper reports.
It's the third instance where critics say Scalia's actions
create the appearance of a conflict of interest.
The LA Times report Scalia, generally regarded as the court's
most ultra conservative right wing Nazi fascist member, spoke
before Philadelphia's urban family council on May 20th, two months
after hearing arguments in a case concerning Texas's
anti-sotomy statute.
When the high court overturned that Texas law month later,
Scalia descended forcefully, even taking the rare step of
reading his dissent from the bench.
Scalia had no comment for the time stories.
Some legal scholar said Scalia's appearance raised
no ethical concerns.
For one thing Scalia received no money for his address,
refusing even reimbursement for his parking.
With federal judicial rules, which the Supreme Court does not
have to follow but uses his guidelines,
prohibiting judges from participating in fundraising,
Scalia insisted the dinner did not make a profit.
Scalia did not mention gay rights in his speech and the
council was not a party to the case before the court last year.
I don't see it as a problem Northwestern University
Professor Stephen LeBeth told the newspaper,
lots of organizations are engaged in litigation, hospitals,
universities, the American bar, and it's too restrictive
to say judges should not speak to those groups.
But others told the times that Scalia speech went against
judicial guidelines that instruct judges to avoid actions
that would create unreasonable minds, a perception that the
judge's ability to carry out judicial responsibilities
with integrity, impartiality, and competence is impaired.
I thought we already had that in his case.
Under no matter where he speaks, the urban family council is
challenging a Philadelphia city statute, granting rights
to gay domestic partners that case could possibly end up
in front of the Supreme Court.
The dinner was honoring Anthony Vévaláqua,
an anti-gay bishop of Philadelphia.
It's nice to be able to say have a friend like Justice Scalia,
Council Fonda, and leader William Devlin said,
the times as previously reported at Scalia flew on Vice President
Dick Cheney's plane to go duck hunting with Cheney after the
court accepted a case concerning Cheney's refusal to make
public workets from his energy task force.
It did not involve a lawsuit against the Cheney's
private individual school.
He said, when asked about the trip last month, this was a
government issue.
It's acceptable practice to socialize with executive branch
officials when there are not personal pains against them.
That's all I'm going to say for now, quack, quack.
Thank you.
Cheney was also a speaker at the University of Kansas Law
School.
Was it, let me say it again.
Cheney was also a speaker at the University of Kansas Law
School.
With its dean, while it's dean, this is not my mistake.
It's their bat on CBS.com.
Shame on you.
While it's dean was at that of two cases before the high court.
I think Troy wrote this.
Scalia was the subject of counter-conferring of interest
allocation during the 2000 Recon dispute when he had one son
at the law firm that handled the Bush campaigns
argument to the Supreme Court, and another son in the
firm that led to Republican court battle in Florida.
In his dissent of the Saudi-Mibroling, Scalia said the court
is largely signed on the so-called homosexual agenda and has
taken sides in the culture war.
Scalia, who turned 68 this Thursday, was appointed by the
Uxious right-wing president Reagan in 1986, but Ronnie says,
don't play me.
I forgot about it.
Piece of crap.
Just, you remember how they minimized the thing with CBS and the
Reagan Ministers?
How they tried to poop who that and make it into so very little.
C.C. out of soft fits together, and I would all fit together
very neatly now, like one big nice ball of wax.
Speaking of ball of wax, did that thing get me to log on the floor?
Hey, listen, it's just a force of habit, okay?
Plus the fact that it's a Todd Brexpot, it may have been
something so blem little too, you know?
They might have a little son to do with it.
All of it shouldn't take it out of me account.
They can't pick their own AE.
I was thinking before, you know, Adam is our only human
salesperson.
Would you agree with that?
So far.
Yeah.
We have a sales, how many people in sales?
We have one who's like qualifies even as a member of
the human race.
We rest the lights right.
Wow, we used to until all of a sudden somebody got to my
thing.
I think it was a little rub up he had with screw in.
I mean, run up.
1257 at 560 WQM, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero
credit bureau fee, zero discounted points.
So get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are
just $668 a month.
I don't forget once you refinance to get you new home mortgage
from financial group, you'll never pay closing costs again.
So call them toll free, 1-866-395-Lend to get the new low rate
mortgage you deserve, then move on to your next property with no
further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing
cost, even when you move to another property.
Gute yourself that unbelievably low rate of just 1.25% with the
only one mortgage from financial group.
For example, if you're a member of the state of the state,
call them toll free, no obligation called 1-866-395-Lend.
That's 1-866-395-LND, either an equal housing lender,
restrictions apply, rates updated to change monthly, $4.21-APR.
I owe my favorite Republican. This is not drawn.
It is time for the excuse of me uploading.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power
Oh
A whole nipple piercing gone around
Chaping enjoying a crash action lawsuit against
Genetic action for this catching if you're nasty
Like genetic action's downfall. Oh, Winfall for you call 1-800-Tillate now
Doing genetic Jackson is not a substitute for getting a light getting off your button getting a job
101 at 560 WQ and we got 786. I don't think we're gonna make that thousand you
No, I don't why isn't the public up at arms about the government's efforts to staff all free speech
Even on this pull we're not getting our usual phenomenal response that even emotional
Outpouring from the audience
Because they're too stupid to understand it 293 because freedom of speech is just to say in America
143 because the media is mostly ignoring it 143
Because they don't give a shmit 83 because they're lazy 79 and because they don't have any leadership 45
786 we need 214 by two o'clock can we do it?
No
Good luck to you Josh. By the way the good news for Josh is that in his debut solo show on QM tomorrow. He's got a Marlon game
1255 see we're gonna make it easy for you
We don't want to give you the whole four hours, you know handled by yourself who?
Marlon's at the Metz in Port St. Lucille baby and it says after the baseball game down my schedule
Hank Goldberg at the American Airlines or we knew tomorrow, but I think it's gonna be at the arena or maybe not I don't know
And then we got the Panther game here in Toronto tomorrow night at the ACC
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line wq and hello
Neil yes sir
I'm so much surprised by the athletic response to your plan today, but there's something that despises me even more
I'm wondering why we're all these high profile
Attorneys like Ellis Rubin and Roy Black and Barry Schegar
And not taking up a civil class action on this whole censorship thing
Oh, Alice Rubin is too busy making a self-aheer with the agate people that he used to despise
He's the new hero game marriage in software
Well, that's right. I and that's I figured this guy's always jumping into cars to lab
But it was a red X the ACLU. I mean, this is a civil liberties issue. This is how to me. I don't know
You know, it was very interesting this morning. They had some former clear channel
Shock jock was the way they described him who got suspended
But they just put him back on the air in a California market. Yeah, and of course while he said that you know
I don't feel bad for how it's turned. He's got my idea of the kind of shock jock
But I think it's wrong
Because what's happening to him is the government
Without really legislating what can be on the air is forcing what can't be on the air with these punitive penalties
Somebody needs to bring the definition of all this before the United States Supreme Court. Oh good luck to us
I'm sure Justice Scalia will be delighted to rule on that well, they can talk about it on the next duck hunting trip right
I just curious that
With all the muscle that's behind some of these groups nobody started the idea of bringing class action suit before the courts
Because it's a first amendment issue. Yeah. Well, maybe we can find some other publicity on I mean some other great defender of our freedom sector
We're like to us pali. Thank you. See you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T
See, uh, there's nobody coming forward for how it's turned because you know the media always a rip him an ass
Oh, he's vulgar. He's crash. He's grotesque so they have come forward for people like him or for me or for anybody else or bobbin tom or love
Love of the bubs bunch
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and meanwhile and just just like always happens every single time
Greg read manages to to clench the feet from the jaws of victory this man has got the biggest death wish of anybody
I've ever seen in my life
This he could he could screw up the pope this is just amazing
Are we ever are we gonna ultimately have a final this this position? I was going on with hank or not who you asking
I'm asking the just I'm just talking about love, you know, I saw him morning. He let me in I forgot my card
Maybe he knows asked the janitor maybe he probably knows more than we do
WQM hello
And we'll have a great day whatever that was WQM hello
Oh, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir could you play I have my father no can't
5605 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
In fact no matter what you want to hear we can't play it okay
And by the FCC WQM hello
Hey, okay
Hanks get suspended because he hates women isn't it? Yeah, that must be it. No, he hates screw-in winning and so are all the rest of us too
That's why smoke
5605 60 pound 560 on a AT&T. Meadow was on a screw-in's many friends
WQM hello
Yes, sir bad phone
Just stop for lunch at a deli and Del Rey oh great man picking up where West Park left off
He got a posthronny sandwich on the way up on green all right. It's your friend buried from Boko
I hope you have a great day Neil. Okay, very thanks very much and don't identify yourself ever again, please
5605 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That was my friend very from Boko
They used to call me at home, you know and brag about how he knew my home phone number
808 votes what that's a true story
Oh, man, just to bug me and then just play mystery man. He just uh, you know, Barry
You're not my friend. Okay, just go away, Barry. Just go away. Get lost
808. What do you think Josh can we do it? Can we make that thousand? No
Why do you say that?
We're gonna they're gonna have to make some moves
They're making a move right now when they get done then they're gonna go to their computer now
Everybody's got a PC in there in a magic rule. You know, we have a laptop. Oh, geez. There goes again
That's George. I just about any relationship with what he just said. Okay
That sounds like excretory activity to me cut it out cut the crap. Oh
32 a.m. Hello
Q.A.M. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Oh my name is Mark. Oh, my, my, on the air. Yes, Mark. It's not just like you. Oh, I'm sorry
You know, I got it. Stop saying you're sorry. What are you sorry about anyway? I'm supposed to be some kind of a psychic
You don't know. I just punched it up and you're there. It's all thanks
You know, I was wondering did you first just people I've heard a couple people ask you like where's the ACLU?
Yes
To be honest, you know, infinity if it wants to fight the FCC
They have the resources to fight the ACLU is more designed for people who don't have the resources
Yeah, you know when the when the government falls on a small person if there's a teacher in
Mississippi who gets fired for mentioning the word evolution right
She doesn't understand that but this is this is such a greater issue that that's above and beyond any individual company
In addition to which when they want to just arbitrarily create these these wild
Fines that that prohibit I mean you know infinity used to always pay to fines, you know
They pay a million here 500,000 there
But when they want to impose fines that are like multi-multi-multi-millions that could put people out of business
Infinity now is reduced to the level of virtually everybody else
Why I understand but I'm just saying if they wanted to challenge the new, you know, procedures and core right
They have the resources to do that and I would I would that the ACLU would file what's called an amicus brief and their favorite supporting them
So I don't think infinity's gonna do that. I think I think they finally have gotten to them
I think they've pushed them because they don't forget infinity is owned by a viacom which is CBS and
They just have too much at stake too much to lose. Oh, yeah, they on a number of fronts, right? Yeah, I was wondering
Have you investigated
Getting Canadian citizenship? Are you just living in Canada or I mean? I'm still US citizen and I live
You know in Miami part of the time
But I know I would like to get out of the US permanently would please me no end in fact when I retire I'm gonna look into it
I mean is there a way to get do I just didn't know if you had looked into it at all dual Canadian
Not really. I talked to a couple of people about it, but once once I'm through with this crap
I mean this fine the career mine at I'm gonna check it out
Looks like you're getting out of like exactly the right time yes for more years of having to put up with this stuff
And one last question. I know there's a number of bits now you can't play
Oh
I'm like how many thousand about 30,000 that we can't play I'm assuming a lot of those are are both a Brian really a bit
I mean this could be an opportunity for him
You know, I don't know whether on your website or whatever to market some of you know put them on CD or whatever
Yeah, no, I suggested it a couple weeks ago
I suggest that we take all of the band bits but of course at that time
There was just in the beginning of all this stuff coming down
And I thought it was gonna be about a hundred bits and we could put like two discs out or something now
It's gonna be thousands so I guess we can do like a different one a month
How people would pay a big money to get the restitution song and condoleezza yeah and all those classics
So oh well good luck to you Neil
Thank you so much five six seven oh five sixty pound five fifty condoleezza and of course that was the beginning of it for us
Well, not the very beginning, but I mean that was from a much broader perspective
That was the beginning of this new right wing crackdown
We're gonna come down on everybody and if you don't go step along man
If you're not a bush-licker then you're gonna get big tourists
We're gonna come and find you 50 trillion dollars an hour
And it's so ludicrous that it's it's insanity
It's like the whole country's gone crazy as they sit around a table somewhere
Uh, with a big fat Stogies and they just started to probably laugh and arouses off making up these numbers
Oh, it's not gonna be it's not gonna be two thousand two hundred and seventy five thousand how about a half a million
Per violation how many zeros can we fit on this page? So in other words if you should do something like five times
Then I was born a half there you go
So that's two and a half million bucks right there
And that's just for starters
And the public sits back but we
Like that
All the trite cliches of history man
Oh, we must never happen again and how did people allow this to happen and if we make the same mistakes and we don't learn from history
All is crap just talk
talk is cheap, baby
Except on issue and by the way payday is on Wednesday clearance do something useful. Okay, please that's about all he can do
Besides servicing the beast. That's about the only useful thing that clearance can do is get that paycheck there on time get it in that box, baby
Just have the money delivered hand over my fist
Now how are we doing here? We've got a shot 836
Yeah, I think we got a shot if we can get to 900 by um bottom of the hour
Everybody who's listening get to that computer and vote two three four five times and then take a look at the downtown Julie Brown
Behind the beaten curtain of course
Oh
You wait Neil. We're gonna get the internet next to it's gonna be a cable TV and then it's gonna be satellite radio
Audio perverts out there. You're not gonna be and see just coming back from Europe. This is like such. It's just
mind-boggling, you know
Being in Berlin Amsterdam where everything is just wide open and you turn on your TV and there's like all kinds of ex-rated stuff and
Or over the air television. We're not even talking about cable
And
The world isn't coming to an end there the only thing they're all agree on is uh no bush no bush no mole get rid of them
No more bush the world is crap in their pants
How we can survive another four years of this
Fascism this creeping insanity
If you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid and overworked
How'd you like to have yourself a new high-paying career?
But you don't have to spend four years in this college to get the training for it
You don't have to spend all the money for college
All you have to do is make one easy phone call to our friends at fast train
Call them at one eight six six fast train because they can have you trained and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career in as little as four short months and anybody who's handling a
Handing over their account to Todd wreck they ought to be certified you think
Absolutely you can be fully trained already for that new career in as little as four short months
Like I think I just said only moments ago and fast-trained offers dating weekend classes to fit around your schedule
Fast-trained offers job placement assistance financially for guys who qualify too
Fast train has got seven convenient Florida locations to serve you as well
So there's about to be one fairly nearby you
So don't wait pick up that phone call fast train today because in just four short months you'll be on your way to turning your life around and having a new high-paying
Computer career call that tool free number one eight six six fast train or check them on that worldwide wicked web at fast train.com
Don't delay column today one eight six six fast train
On
man. That's a tell you where the hell is.
Here's your proofs. I borrowed from the
Russian. It goes to the lies and
the way the youth be.
Say the show's on for new and
see. That's gay.
You're getting this
equate.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to
move that. And let me find it.
Everybody's happy show that.
Who's a mind that
applies from that?
Violet and birds, but the
shapes and so bad.
He's a grandtracker
built in a long
nap. Thanks to the job
that we got from him.
That's your own.
That's a
villain.
He
you home.
That's a
problem.
He was there.
I don't want my baby.
Shit.
You're here.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to
move that.
He didn't like what he thought
when he's there.
I'm going to go in with a
villain in fact.
He's been related
from a boom in that
town.
I'm just
missing that light.
Sweet grandstand.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to
move that.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to
move that.
118 right there.
Michael take a look at it.
860 vote.
Now we need 140 by two o'clock.
We got a shot.
We got an outside chance.
Josh Curtis maybe making his
first solo debut filling
in tomorrow.
And we only got two hours
and fifty five minutes.
Like we said, got the
marlins and the
mats and ports ain't
loosely.
That exhibition
baseball gets some real
big numbers.
Yeah.
That's really good stuff.
So give it a shot on
neorages.com.
Take a look at downtown
Julie Brown.
If you're over the age of 40
and when you're two doing that.
Take a puke on our pool and
vote on it.
Please.
This is a nice
facts here.
Who's this from?
There.
Oh, we don't know.
But it says what a great
letter from Bet Middler.
Bravo.
It says this is a letter from
Bet Middler to President
Bush.
I think it's amazing says
this fact sir.
Your president Bush.
Today you call upon
Congress to move quickly to
amend the U.S.
Constitution and said in
federal stone a legal
definition of marriage.
I would like to know why in
your speech is stated that
this amendment would serve to
protect marriage in America,
which I must confess confuses me.
Like you, I believe in the
importance of marriage and feel
that we as a society take
the institution far too lightly.
In my circle of family,
friends and acquaintances,
the vast majority of married
and divorced some more than
once.
Still, I believe in marriage.
I believe there's something
fundamental about finding
another person on this planet
with whom you want to build a
life and family and make a
positive contribution to society.
I believe that we need more
positive role models for
successful marriage in this
country.
Something to counteract the
images we get of a
bard with in popular culture.
When we're assaulted with
images of celebrities of
varying genres,
be it actors, sports figures,
socialists,
or even politicians who
shrug marriage on and off
and like the latest fashion,
it's vitally important to
the face of our nation for our
children in our future
that we have a balance of
commitment and
fidelity with which to
stave off the negativity.
I search for these examples
to show my own daughter so
that she can see that
marriage is more than a
disposable whim,
despite overwhelming
evidence to the contrary.
As a father,
I'm sure you face these
same concerns and difficulties
in raising your own daughters.
Therefore, I can also imagine
you must understand how
thrilled I've been over the
past few weeks to come home
and turn on the news with my
family.
To finally have concrete
examples of true commitment
on its love instead of
past fidelity was such a
relief in joy.
Instead of speaking in the
hypothetical, I was finally
able to point to these men
and women standing together
for hours in the pouring
rain and tell my child
that this is what it's all
about.
Forget Brittany, forget
Kobe, forget strom,
forget about all the people
we know who've taken so
previously the pure and
simple beauty of love
and tarnished it so
consistently.
Look instead of the joy
in the beautiful faces of
Del Martin and Phyllis
Lion, 51 years together.
I mean, honestly, Mr.
President, how many
couples you know who are
together for 51 years?
I'm sure you agree that
this love story provides a
wonderful opportunity to
teach our children about
the true meaning and
value of marriage.
On the steps of San
Francisco City Hall,
Rose Petals in
Champaign, Suits and Vales,
Horn's Honking and
Elation in the Astrits,
a celebration of love,
the life of which the
society has never seen.
This morning, however, my
joy turned to sadness,
my relief transformed
into outrage and my
peace became anger.
This morning, I watched
you stand before this
nation and be little
these women.
The thousands who stood
with them in the
countless millions who
wished to follow them.
How could you do that, Mr.
President?
How could you take
something so beautiful
or clear into finding
the example of the
two nature of commitment
and declare it to be
anything less?
What is it that
validates your
marriage, which somehow
doesn't apply to
Del Martin and Phyllis
Lion?
By what power?
What authority are you
so divinely imbued
that you can stand before
me in this nation
and hold their love
to a higher standard?
Don't speak to me
about homosexuality, Mr.
President.
Don't tell me that the
difference lies in the
bedroom.
I would never presume to
ask you or your wife
choose to physically express
your love for one another.
And I defy it
as standing for Del Martin
and Phyllis Lion asked
them to do the same.
It's done
of my business as it is
none of yours.
And it has nothing to do
with the sanctity of
marriage.
I'm sure you would
agree that marriage is
far more than
sexual expression, which
it's high time we all
started focusing on all
the other aspects
of relationship which
holds together over the
course of a lifetime.
Therefore, with the
mechanics of sex set aside,
I ask you again,
what makes a marriage?
I firmly believe that
whatever definition you
derive, there are
thousands upon
thousands of shining
examples for you to
embrace.
You want to protect
marriage.
I admire and support
that, Mr. President.
Together as a nation,
let us find and
celebrate examples
of what a marriage
should be.
Together, let us take
couples who embody
the principles of
commitment,
fidelity, sacrifice,
and love, and hold
them up before our
children as rule
models for their own
futures.
Together, let us
reinforce the
concept that love is
about far more than
sex, despite what
popular culture
would like them to
believe.
Please, for the sake of
our children,
for the sake of our
society, for the
sake of our future,
do not take us
down this road.
Under the
guise of protection,
do not support
divisiveness.
Under the guise of
sanctity, do not
devalue commitment.
Under the guise of
democracy, do not
encourage this amendment.
Fet, middle,
or nice.
You go, go, go, bet.
Is it going to have any
impact?
No.
No, not on the
bush, my sir, because
he's too busy
pandering to all those
goody tushers
religions out there.
The Jesus Christ is, man.
The Bible says this.
He made Adam and Eve
not Adam and Steve.
Let's see.
What can us the
masses do?
Says this,
facts, I have two
our kids and a
wife that works
nights.
Yes, I'd like to take
to the streets of
this moment.
My hands are tied.
Maybe I could hire a
Haitian made to watch
my children hire
easily to make my
money of
all-applied by
exponential numbers.
I would join a massive
demonstration, but I
can't.
It will eventually
become a
grassroots movement
from the youth
of students.
Can't state.
It will happen, but
we have to reach the
children so that 18
year olds can carry
guns in America.
What does that mean?
Man, I was hoping you could
explain it.
We have to reach the
children so that 18 year
old can carry the
guns in America.
Oh, well, I see.
It's not best
expressed there in the
end, but I think I
catch the drift.
And any rate, I tell you
one thing you can do
right now and I say
goodbye to
Clear Channel in
South Florida.
Anywhere else you
might be listening?
Find out when your
Clear Channel
stations are in your
market and just
turn them off.
Say goodbye, Clear Channel.
Bye-bye.
See you.
And if you don't know
the stations are in
South Florida, just look
on our website.
As you're perusing
and going to vote and
take a look at
downtown Julie Brown,
887, 113 to go in 36
minutes.
Can we do it, Josh?
Sure, why not?
You know, some
of the things that we
enthusiastic.
No, seriously,
we've done better than
that.
113 in 36 minutes.
That's how many.
Two is 72 by three
a minute.
Piece of cake.
One every 20 seconds
on theorages.com.
And like I said at the
beginning of the show,
even a couple of
colors I mentioned,
why and George told
me this before the show
today?
Because I was wondering,
I mean, you know,
I can't listen over
there when I am in the
Internet cafe.
There's no audio,
so I can just go online
and see what the polls
are and read the
different stories.
What's going on?
And I was wondering to
myself, what in the world,
how can you possibly be
handling this?
Because, you know,
my vacation just
happened to drop
in at a time
where you can't say
anything anymore.
You know?
Yeah.
And knowing you,
but if found out the
cretin you are,
a potty mouth.
Right.
The filthy brain.
Well, I will
love it.
And the filthy potty
mouth's
spit who's going to
burn in hell.
I'm wondering what the hell
is he doing for a show?
And then George tells me
this morning,
oh, nobody really cared.
I cried talking about this.
And nobody seemed to care.
I just preached the word
of the Lord.
No, seriously, I mean,
what is that all about?
What does it take to make
people understand?
And I'll say it again.
It isn't about Howard Stern.
Okay.
It's about Howard Stern
and everybody else.
That's the problem.
I mean, Howard Stern is
best, you know,
he's the best example of it.
But it's about him
and everybody else.
It's going to take
box cards.
26 past one at 560 WQM.
We got the mad dog at 2.
Kim Bocaper in for a
for this afternoon
from Shula State 2.
Seriously, if we,
if we have another
major QAM crisis on our hands now
over an incident so
at least from what I'm hearing.
I wasn't there.
I didn't see it.
You didn't see it.
But so relatively
meaningless.
How is it possible if people
can keep shooting themselves
in a feat over and over
and over again?
How can you keep doing it, baby?
26 after one at QM,
like I think I said only moments ago.
Data macros,
those nothing's more important
than the safety of your family.
Unfortunately, thousands of Americans
die every year in home fires
involving mattresses.
A common myth is that these are
careless cigarette smokers,
but statistics show for sure
that the vast majority of these
fires are started by children
playing with matches.
Certain now offers a new line
of fire-retarded mattresses
called fire blockers
dramatically slow the spread of
fires and give families
critical time to escape.
They're also more comfortable,
durable and supportive than
ever say won't sacrifice comfort
for safety.
According to the new regulations
all new mattresses
will be fire-retarded
within a year until then.
Certain is the only major
brand exceeding this fire safety
standard today.
And dial amatrisis the only
retailer can deliver a new
certifier blocker to you today.
All you have to do is make
that one easy call.
I've been telling about these
folks for years.
One 800 macros for same day
delivery dial amatrisis
got certifier blocker in
these traditional double-sided
design.
So you get two bets for the
price of one which double
the protection.
dial amatris takes your
family safety seriously and is
proud to be among nations
first retailers to offer you
this new line of fire-blocker
mattresses.
So call them today and
sleep well and great
tonight and for a long
time to come like I've been
doing for years with
their mattresses.
Call one 800 macros one 800
mattr.
r a s or check them out
online at macros.com.
Line line and local.
Here's sports video five
sixty healing two a.m.
Any town.
That's absolutely
at five six.
So WQ a.m.
Oh
Alex Benniss feed Kay
Nick Lauren Scottie chip in
Mike Gora Scott Swartz
Herman and McBean.
Oh Gail White Coleman
Chandler Sandy D.O.A.
Poornum Blaine Wild Steve
Stemseldon forget Bill Wies.
Oh Sherry Hooney Johnny Dull
and Alien F's D name is
Gobo and Hummel Stan
Major Darcy McIntyre
Surprise very Larry
Pymel County Food
Sharon Fizz is Joan Hans
Sisters Wiesel and the
Barra Paws.
Oh we can't forget the
people
Though we try to hide them
and forget we knew them
they used to work
inside us
Even though there's
times and data's lose our
minds
and we barrel Rick
Alpine Jim D and Gary
Bruce Jeff Clark
Johnny Darkin Joseph
Gakki
Oh
Gopard Mc Green Marvin
Roman War
Rhee Stephanie Lewis
Quinn and Wies
Don't forget McQueen
These are all the people
who are still here working
and he'll still working
We are all this people
who are out there living
just a major living
I would like to explain
the way to what it is
Like something's got
and we're out there
giving just a major
living
Well guess what
FedMiddler didn't write that
it was written by a
blogger named Steph
says Eric
Oh now you tell me
So I can just see the
headlines all over the
internet tomorrow
Neil Rogers first he had
Catherine Harris dead
and now he makes a mistake
that FedMiddler wrote
that it was a great letter
What can we just make
who wrote it when he
came right down to it
I wrote it
I think Eric wrote it
Here's a fact that says
I don't know who wrote it
because it doesn't have
it it says name
with Elphur Fierre
prosecution
and rightfully so
it says I just mentioned
this in passing
my attempts to listen
to Howard Stern
from the Beasley station
for Myers
are not tormented by geography
but instead by a gigantic
parrot radio station
with uninterrupted coverage
from I'my Beach
to Carl Springs
and beyond
The station regularly
advertises parties
as a large
following of loyalisters
and callers
so the possibility
that something in decent
whatever that moving
parrot lands
means today
may be getting out
over the people's
airwaves
somewhere clearly
takes precedence
over every other task
on the FCC's to do list
Now you're catching on
I have by the way
written to everyone
in their grandmother
regarding this nauseating
move in the need to remove
all clear channel
stations from radio presets
and stop patronising
their advertisers name
with Elphur Fierre
prosecution
just say goodbye
to Chris channels
bye bye
that's the message
to Pete Bolger
and Lowry Mays
bye bye bye
Holy Mays
bye bye bye
John Hogan
bye bye bye
David Graham
bye bye bye
Paul is going
bye bye
who are we going
oh and what's your name too
what's the name
bitch
runner think we'll
think
right think
five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T
I ever mentioned that
this business really
blows that mentioned it
that's 30 seconds
good news though for Josh
Josh is going to have a
few more days
I think to polish up
his broadcasting skills
because we got nine
thirty five
we got a real shot now
and see you have little
faith he doesn't
understand the power of
the show yet
he's getting a John
ferry
I beg your pardon
somebody's got to be
contrary
gratuitously
I see
what you mean you're not doing
that anymore
Josh I had noticed
943 we only need 57
votes to get to a thousand
during the show
which we do every now and
end in fact that's
becoming more regular
isn't especially
since we have those
very tasteful pictures
on there in our
beaded curtains section
yes
of our
website
so that wasn't written
by bit midler
so uh... but it's
sounded pretty good
it was good sentiment
and it killed some good time
five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T
Verizon line QAM
hello
hello
yes sir
help your show
out today kind of really
low
yeah
but uh...
you know you can help
you come and ask the
George and God
yeah
we have
so what do you got for us today
sir that's so good
considering the rest of our show
blows nothing obviously
nothing
moron
jackass
clown
idiot
simple to
five six seven oh five sixty
I got news for us or what
you're getting out of this show
today is more than you
you deserve
but that's how flotter for you baby
never gonna change
like them billboards though
i was going great you idiot
wq and hello
hey nil
yes sir
got one category on your uh... bowl
and what was that
there to afraid
to say anything
really
yeah
okay they're afraid of
repercussions from what uh...
what might happen if they uh...
speak out against it
i'll be damned
i think for a few
maybe they're phones of being traced
like yours is right now
five six seven oh five sixty
pound for their own material is audience okay i really thought that uh...
and then but you warned me you told me i wouldn't listen to you i'm stubborn
i'm a stubborn old nil
good thing that we got that short show tomorrow at marlin the miss game on
it's gonna have a big big audience man in marlin baseball
we love the marlins they are the champs
that i get the cramps oh yeah
nine forty three let me refresh that baby one time we got twenty five minutes
to go here i don't want to count our chickens before they hatch
we got the mad dog did manage it to a
rascal on the air right one thing
all your favorites seem to be disappear like crazy or this something this
nine fifty four like phone off the log man forty six to go no no sweat
that's only like uh... more than what twenty five
not even two a minute
all we could do that
wqm hello uh... can we get for all back
now we can't get for all back okay smock
can you get for all back
let me say it again even though the guys in the idiot
uh... for all we had a spy report on for all in land who's just to talk about
what kind of dog he's gonna get
and who keeps saying he needs the money and he's apologizing you can't say this
he can't say that and i was the problem in the first place
yeah you get for all back right
there you go that might be uh... the uh... the answer huh maybe Greg is
gonna bring for all back to the afternoon how how many minutes will that
last but the first big rack and big d until one of those uh... goes on
here
wqm hello
okay sir
uh... show with George and so
yeah really kick but
i'm right they should they should keep him on with George already like George's
show but it made it even better
well started look at the way they would pay the guy a few bucks that's the only
reason such i think you know for George would feed him every day he would show
out
by the way the agnostic thing
yeah
you know what the definition is scared at you
right here
that's a shout at you George yeah yeah
my word is always told you down the first place uh... you're wrong then so
see but uh... whatever you want to say right
two cares
agnostic in the atheist don't have an argument
those other people right that's right
we're not trying to force it down anybody's throat okay and the belief either
oop there he went again say you know i think i was crippled on time if you
ask me
let's talk very some on you probably wonder how come i play that old michael
is that
why did you play that old michael is that because it was in there
and it doesn't you know anything needs to be bleeped out yeah
what is only about how many are left in there out of five thousand
but it's still playing out exactly what i want to know of michael was because
he's he's redoing that thing for us and because he's such a genius
i don't know great guy and uh... we had you know and there were a lot of amus
uh... garbled uh... shows of garbles what was that name on there amus goble who
wasn't an engineer something
yes and i would be double right was he bald headed guy sure really bald
i love his cookies though this famous amus
careful uh... i know you know this i said famous amus you'll see man i'm
gonna be so antiseptic it's gonna be like somebody sprayed your radio with
listarine from the inside that's how antiseptic the new roger show is going to
be we're going to be so clean man
that it's gonna have to be a team of bacteriologists uh... quick coming here
and investigating that fine not wrong squeaky squeaky from a squeaky clean
nine hundred and what do we got nine seventy nine twenty one to go in twenty two
minutes not even one a minute your home free man although you probably want to
do the show tomorrow you're looking forward to it
were you too bad w w a m hello yes yes sir uh...
i was rocking a you know uh...
magraka group but that i'm uh... liberal democrat but
i should give a side by by yeah and uh...
and uh... uh... that's what i can see the end what he says bye bye
i like that part but anyway
that i know you saw this week
no i'd like to down on you know you know it's that right so uh...
he said that i remember saying this two years ago it's a john carry will win
we win the two years of today we'll win the nomination yeah
i thought i had been drinking too much smoke whatever whatever you know who
him or you know no um... i actually i'm taking medication i see uh... but uh...
beautiful me no it's true and closing yes
and closing he predicted that john carry would win the election
alright thanks for the good news but i'm in career you know he but this is me
often many many ways but we're not going to get perfect we're not going to get
what we will hope for all we're going to get is a big improvement in maybe like
uh... like i said a buffer right everybody needs a buffer yeah that's a
buffer in fact we always have an issue don't take bear take buffer and
if you're suffering take buffer and huh bear don't run with the suffering
although they sure know how to inflict it
twenty till two at five sixty w two m if you're looking for a fun original gift for
somebody's birthday a new baby or maybe for saint patty's day
just send him a bear gram from vermont teddy bear just called tool free
one eight hundred eight two nine bear in a friendly bear council will help you choose
more than one hundred bears personalized for your loved one delivered in their famous gift box
with a free card and chocolate too you can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's
name and birthday embroidered on the bib they have some lucky bears for saint patty's day two like
the new leprechaun bear and the iris bear with a kiss me tattoo on his arm that's his arm
over nine seven eight liver guaranteed so call one eight hundred eight two nine bear
or shop online at vermont teddy bear dot com show you care send a bear
the creative the much appreciated alternative to flowers for any occasion
that's one eight hundred eight two nine bear be sure and tell them that old neo-tourney call
while we still have time one eight hundred eight two nine be a r
my
don't tell it down there kill them oh
there's another one we can still play today
thousand hope depends on you
and the powers you possess
yes
since you say his life with your flight
she's her life he's got a job for you to do
oh
you have a brand new style too
we love the way you fuck your dude
with the bigeface all new
and all crucialちょd
oh
those who just beat up against
take the back bag straight to Help
When the building starts to blow, we feel it is then we know.
We're stretching through it with both mighty blows.
145 at 560 WQM Kiss Your Radio.
That's all I can tell you, man. Kiss your radio while you're still in kiss it.
You know what I mean?
According to the Prince.org site,
Bent Midler did write that letter, which was apparently passed out of their concert.
That's what it said in the beginning thing, which I failed to read.
She passed it out to everybody within the concert.
So she did write. Obviously she wouldn't have written it.
Why would she have passed it out? Right? Right.
All these nitpickers out there.
Well, she did this. A-A-R-C-A-B-G-O-F.
Okay, he's all I could work. He did before with those third channel stations on there.
He's undermining himself a little bit now.
Of course, he's busy and I'd be did a section behind the beaded development rope.
What does this say?
Florida General Manager Rick Dudley says there's a fair chance forward Valerie Bray will be dumped by the deadline Tuesday.
Well, let's say it's tomorrow. That's right. March 9th, trading deadline.
Well, isn't that exciting?
Anybody excited about the panties?
No. They'll be here tomorrow night. Jeff Rimmer will be here, uh, trolling for free food in Toronto.
Actions taken by Echo Star's dish network may result in WFOR signal being removed from your dish network service.
CBS and WFOR deeply regret any inconvenience to our viewers.
We're continuing to try out and by the way, we're over a thousand votes easy.
We made it easy, Josh, with a segment to go, huh?
Ye of little faith.
All right.
2013.
Well, let's talk about Danny Moreno. How's he doing in that new position as a dolphin guy?
I'm sorry.
We remind our viewers that our signal remains available over the air as well as from direct TV and your local cable operator.
The text may also affect other via common channels on dish networks such as Nickelodeon and Comedy Central.
Call dish network now at 1-800-333-DitionTW. You want to keep the channels you paid for.
We'll continue to advise you to open them. So what's the its channel for?
So that means that if this stays off there, we don't have to see Angel Array anymore, right?
So don't call dish network. They made a good choice.
Leave it alone.
Oh, now wait a year this.
From a news day.
A transcripts subpoenaed in the CIA leak probe reveals that the White House press operation began efforts to personally
disquiet a former ambassador Joseph C. Wilson, days before a columnist blew the cover of the CIA officer wife.
As news they reported Friday, a federal grand jury served three subpoenas on the White House in January for Air Force One telephone records in a transcript of a press briefing during the presidential trip to Africa the week before Robert Novak's July 14 column identifying CIA officer Valerie Plame.
The grand jury also subpoenaed White House records a staff contact with expanded list of more than two dozen reporters who wrote or broadcast about administration concerns over Plame Wilson and the CIA report that rejected rumors Iraq tried to buy Uranium in Niger.
The White House Friday confirmed it received subpoenas. We're still in a process of complying fully said spokesman Scott McCulloch.
Right.
The efforts to discredit Wilson came after he went public July 6th with criticism of President W for mentioning the Iranian rumor in January 2003 and the State of the Union address which helped make a case for the Iraq war.
And he said, and you know what really I'm starting to think about that just frost my ass, which you don't see any of it any of it on the European news anywhere.
That whole operation Iraqi freedom.
Okay, where did that come from?
I think it was called saving face saving covering your ass operation Iraqi freedom and of course the media doodifully said, oh absolutely we'll put the big banner up there.
We're having this glorious wonderful operation so we can free the poor oppress the Iraqi people right.
Right.
Who are you kidding?
Anyway, so there's the deal is so they're out of the closet.
A bunch of scumbags smearing everybody in her path and the thing about Howard Stern, you know, in the beginning I thought maybe there was a little bit of paranoia, you know.
Yeah, but the fact of the matter is that maybe anybody who's anti Bush won't be on a very much longer.
Some of us were broadcasting from outside the country, perhaps.
Here's your friend Puerto Rican Ralph is pissed off about the Hebrew hammer.
It says that we want the Hebrew hammer back.
Pronto, Tonto or boycott sporting events.
The morning show and the draft party or man is hell and we're not going to take any moreses up here.
Ralph about the Humphre.
If you tune in late, Hank had a concert.
Tom's a little run in with the screen with a car obnoxious sales manager.
A last Tuesday in our parking lot out there Q a M words were exchanged.
I guess he went inside the building and then saw her out and further exchanged some words like maybe and then a couple of one or two of those.
And as a result, he was told to go home.
Go home fat man.
And he was suspended.
All of it was supposed to be a big secret, I guess at the time.
And then I guess by the end of the week it was supposed to have all cooled off, but evidently not.
Lawyers got involved and Greg Reid started like again talking through his ass through Barry Jackass and the Herald.
Making all kinds of obnoxious comments.
And as a result, the Humphre is, I don't know what the deal is, we know he's not on today.
That the very, very fine gentleman Kimba Bulkamp, who's about 8 feet tall, so we always speak very nicely about him.
But who's a, you know, a fine fill in once in a great while.
I guess that's the best way to talk about Kimba, right?
A fine figure of a man.
A fine figure of a man who's really a very ep to fill in once in a great while.
Like maybe once every few months.
Dr. D. Man.
Every 30, 20 months and like that.
But he'll find, I mean huge.
Right.
That's why we speak very kindly because he could step on you like a nat.
Just crush your ass in no time.
And anyway, we got well over a thousand votes.
Thank you very much.
See, we stirred them a little bit here.
2022.
Now like I said, if we don't have 1100 by 2 o'clock.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Why isn't the public up at arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech,
bump it love sponge, howard stern, Bob and Tom, you name it, that bitch out there in California that got canned.
What is going on here, man?
When things that have been on the year for 20, 30, 40 years and more and everybody thought,
oh, that's pretty funny stuff.
I like it.
Maybe I don't listen to it.
Whatever.
And now all of a sudden, if you were going to find your 50 trillion dollars.
That's right.
It's important.
It smells like a smell bad.
It's like an egg fart.
Now it's going to be 100 trillion.
Egg Farts are double.
They are.
They're the worst.
Double the trouble.
And cabbage Farts.
If you drop a big bubble.
Don't not open it into this too deeply.
Okay.
See?
There you go again.
Quadruple.
I'm tonned.
Why aren't they up at arms because they're too stupid to understand the 386 of you said that?
Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America 187.
Because the media is mostly ignoring it 181.
Because they're lazy 109.
That actually did pretty good.
Because they don't give a shmit on it and too.
And because they don't have any leadership 59.
I'm glad to see this audience at least isn't putting the onus on the bonus.
Okay.
And putting the figure with somebody else saying you need to lead us down to a path of righteousness and bull crap.
People ought to be marching on Washington right now.
They ought to be not going to just like those lunatic Republicans that invaded the Dade County.
Let us in.
Let us in when they were busy.
We're going to 2000 election.
They ought to be marching on the FCC right now.
They ought to be like ripping apart Michael Paul's Colostomy bag as we speak right now.
And I bet she's got a big one.
You see that picture we got on the website?
Oh my God.
This is 420 all because of you.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
How do you like that?
I like the technical fan.
Well admire.
I was recorded during the break myself.
It's a good night.
I like the way it is or two.
156 at 560 W.D.C.
I was just the censorship is alive in well in America.
Like a freedom is dead, Magnum is dead about it's a depressing message. Freedom is dead,
you ain't free no more. If you thought you were free before, you ain't free no more.
And that's just the way it goes. Take it or leave it.
Anyway, National Standard, this is back from the MMO received from our corporate mavens
at Beasley. National Standard of patent and defensiveness for those people who are trying
to understand what is permissible on the year and what is not. In order to be found in decent,
the language involved, whether explicit, double on town, in-uendo or sound effects, must
constitute a patently offensive description or depiction of sex act organ or extraterate
function. The determining whether language is patently offensive over its important
to recognize that local community standards are not used. Now, see this again, just arbitrary,
they just change this. It was always local community standards as if there was such a thing.
Rather now, the FCC considers whether an average adult listener in the US, you know, somebody
like Gilbert. Well, rely on his own expertise in determining the standards of the average
adult listener. I skipped a sentence. Rather, the FCC considers whether an average adult
listener in the US would find the broadcast matter patently offensive and the FCC will rely
on its own expertise in determining the standards of average adult listener, which is code
for censorship. Well, the site would just make it up as we go along. Gotcha. For this
reason, the FCC has held an actual popularity among adults residing in the market where
programmers will not insulate material from finding a vendecency. In other words, you
can have an 80 share, but nevertheless, no matter how many people like you, if we don't
like it, you're screwed. How do you like that? I don't. For a pile of crap. Now, what
is this thing you just factored me in other raw materials? That soldier for the truth,
exposing bushes, talking points, war. I just sent you the first page, not on nine. Oh,
there's nine pages. Well, we certainly don't have time today, but I can peruse it. In fact,
if I find this interesting, I can also get the rest of it online. And if not, you can
save a lot of paper. Well, that's good. I'll put that in my pile. Okay, we got a lot
of crap going on, man. Heavy duty crap. I don't know if I can say heavy duty stuff going
on. Why isn't the public up in arms? When is it? What does it take to get the American
people pissed off and fired up to get that action to say, hey, this has got to stop. And
I keep coming back to that 10% of that pool. We took that day. Well, we don't really,
we didn't like Howard Stern anyway, so we don't care. Right. Howard Stern today, Neil
knows what it'll be on Friday, mother goose fairy tales on Friday. 1045 votes because
they're too stupid to understand it 396 because free of a speech is just to say in America
192 because the media is mostly ignoring it 136 186 because they're lazy 110 because they
don't give a Schmidt 102 because they don't have any leadership 59 of a 1045 votes.
Wouldn't even close top to 1000 easily. Like I said, like falling off a slippery log.
Mad dog is coming up next to two o'clock beyond your best behavior now, mad dog. We can't
afford to lose any more slots in his lineup now. It's like a comeback from vacation
in like a word of hell is everybody? Where is the hopper? Where's the people hammer, man?
What's going on at QA? And like I said, I want to make this very emphatic. Whatever he
said about screw in, I triple lead emotion. I quite duplicated multiplied times 50 million
and it's still in enough. Kim a bulk hamper for the a Hebrew hammer at four, I'm guarantee
I'll bet Grace life on it. Hank will be back tomorrow afternoon. Bye bye bye.
I'm gonna let you show I'm flying to the moon in QA. I'm finally for my hair.
Piazza's gay.
