There's Lady in town, she's another dark Jew,
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Ooh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
And she's buying bread at seven, he leavened.
Ha-ha-ha!
Ooh, oh, oh, oh, and the bread is one day.
Ooh, oh, and the bread is one day.
Ooh, oh, and the bread is really one day.
Ooh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Making peace is hard to do, Don't take jail.
Ooh, so, I'm from me, how about who towns out the gallery?
I know that we used to fight my little young man,
People are really uptight.
What you have on it, it just won't do.
I thought the way's fake and got that too.
It's too you know that we don't want more bloodshed.
I know that we don't want more bloodshed.
My own people is to autoat my head.
If this is all that you've got,
I will play that my dentist right and once a thought,
I never thought we would get this far.
But I was shaking hands with ringle star.
Let's get a peek and have a barbecue.
I can't eat pork, you're smug.
I think that's a good idea.
Let's roast the pig for a paysock.
What do you say?
Okay.
Or let's roast the beast.
Same difference.
10, 0, 3, and 5, 60 WQAM.
Well, I tell you, this is going to be some week.
Make no mistake about it.
Can't you smell it already?
Just out of force and handle.
I said, can't you smell it already?
I reached over to that 360 there.
Instead of getting what I wanted to get.
More on that.
Or I got.
Absolutely.
Bad news to get started.
We don't want to do that.
10 US troops killed in a Iraqi violence.
10 more.
But of course, as somebody we know would say,
it's worth it.
Georgia's on vacation this week.
So I don't have anybody to say it's worth it.
Come on, say it.
It's worth it.
There you go.
You don't see an enthusiast clean up though.
Sorry.
Supporters of an anti-I can barely hear you.
Are you like under the table?
I'm right here.
You're right.
Supporters of an anti-American cleric
riding four Iraqi cities yesterday killing
eight US troops in one Salvador and soldier in the worst unrest
since the spasm of looting an arson immediately after the fall of Sodom.
The US military yesterday reported also two Marines killed in a separate enemy action
and the Ann Bar province raising the toll of American service members killed
in Iraq to release 610.
And the carnage just continues.
But it's so well worth it.
And Bush is still making a joke.
I had a look at for those weapons of mass destruction.
And now Colin Powell says, all of the CIA gave me some bomb information.
No.
You know about those mobile labs and all those chemical weapons and all those
maps that he had there for the UN in the road map to peace and all of these things.
All of these things.
Well, just what?
He got some bomb information.
So now the finger pointing is going hot and heavy.
Got a lot of embarrassing stuff this week.
But it does make any difference because it's a holiday.
Kids are all out of school for, let's see.
And you'll ever notice how the Jews in the Goyom always have holidays that like
the major holidays overlap.
So nobody gets left out.
Well, Christmast, and Christmast, and Hanukkah.
Same time, right?
Yeah.
Same concept gives presents, give gifts, good for commerce.
Easter and Pacehach.
Right?
Right.
Always write about the same time.
Sure.
You got your good Friday.
Come up this Friday.
You got Pacehach starts tonight.
Write it sundown.
You got it.
So there you go.
Don't eat no bread.
I'll think that right now you're going to burn in hell.
Make no mistake about it.
I got my wheat, Mata.
Do you really?
Yeah.
You're still going to burn in hell anyway.
Natasha Kinski.
Now do you know her?
Are you familiar with her?
No.
Should I help her?
Who it is?
I have no idea who she is.
You're out of the loop, man.
Anyway, she's actually, she's pretty old.
She's 45.
Born January 24th, 1959 in Berlin.
And she is, she's a model.
She was all kinds of movies.
You know, who the hell knows who she is.
She's not our thing today.
Behind the beaten curtain.
If you're over the age of 75.
And you have 14 pieces of ID and lettuce from her
great-grandparents.
Maybe you can take a quick peek at it till John Ascroft catches you
with your hands below the table.
She's got very tiny movies, by the way.
In my opinion, could I be wrong?
She was in Paradise Fount all around the town.
She all kinds of TV movies and nothing really made you know.
She's more of a model than like a major actress.
Natasha Kinsky is there today just for you to peruse and use
and whatever you want to do.
Now, I got some bad news.
Actually, it's good news, I think.
That I finally wised up.
I got tired of being a fool.
A moron.
A moron.
All these years.
The fundraiser that we were going to do.
And I'm going to say again that we were going to do.
I want to first thank even Greg Reed popped in the 500 bucks,
which for him was like a major miracle.
And Mufflinzi contributed and Rick Shaw called him,
which was very nice.
Thanks anyway, Rick.
But nobody's going to get charged because, luckily,
Eric had like a kind of a premonition that we might be following
into a bucket of stuff.
And so he didn't deposit any of the credit card contributions.
I wonder why Miguel was asking me.
Now, you didn't donate any money.
No.
So, so were you worried about?
I wasn't worried.
Yeah, you were.
Okay, I was worried.
You're worried that we're going to get into a bucket of stuff
and we'd have all the people call Miguel.
By the way, if you're confused about this,
we'll be given this number a little bit later.
Call him up in promotions.
They will anyway.
Yeah.
But we're just into positive and the contributions.
Quite frankly, there wasn't that much in the first place,
like over the weekend, I think we had about how many more dollars.
About 30, man.
Yeah.
So, and of course, Scott in New York,
and he's probably listening right now, how many, how many thousand
scots do you think are in New York City?
About 30, man.
I would say at the very least, we don't have this guy's last name.
When Eric offered the extended hand of friendship,
I mean, this is just one little radio show in one little market.
We're not syndicated.
We're not reaching anybody.
You know, how many people we got on the internet?
About 30, man.
We just keep pumping that thing.
They like it.
So, I mean, what are we going to accomplish on this one radio station?
And why the hell should we be the conduit for trying to like,
drum this up?
I did this 17, 18 years ago.
I didn't learn my lesson.
I got burned then, and I would get burned to get now.
And I'm not going to take people's money in good conscience,
not that there was actually pouring in,
but I'm not going to take a dime from anybody and then find out that,
oh, this guy doesn't, we, who knows what the story is with this guy?
When it comes back to Eric with a line like, well, I got more,
right at the moment, I got more signatures than you people have money.
Well, what is that?
What kind of a line is that?
That's his response?
Yes.
He's got more signatures than we've got money.
Is it, is if somehow we're in competition with him?
I wasted the last three weeks of the show with the stop FCC.com.
Thinking I was going to accomplish something,
being the moron that I am.
Moron.
Right.
And look, this industry deserves whatever it gets because,
like I said last Friday, and this is the truth,
the broadcast industry blows.
It's full of the most cowardly, the most spineless people,
no backbone whatsoever.
And whatever the FCC tells them, jump this high,
they'll say, oh, how about if I jump a little bit higher just to make sure?
Just like our weak need pansies, we got running around the right keyway.
Oh, gee, I think I heard something there.
I think it's, oh, no.
I don't want to mention any names, you know.
Who's that?
Yeah, I don't want to mention no names, duck and clearance,
but nevertheless.
Oh, I think we better have a better bleed.
You know, yeah, we need a better bleed.
That's, that's a new deal now.
The search for a better bleed.
How about this one?
Yeah, that's a little bit louder.
Crack it right up.
So I'm just not going to do it.
I appreciate the people that did want to help out.
And there weren't really that many of them, but that figures anyway.
You're not going to raise money.
Now, the thing that were you telling me before the show about was,
it was the beast, right?
You told me about Orlando.
But what?
About the fact that they were, or was it Miguel told me about how they were calling
into raise money to send him to the, you know, you told me that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There was like back up just after the NFL combine.
Orlando's in the NFL combine.
Are you ready for that?
The big ol' ghost on the air.
Oh, he pays for his own trip out there, which shows you what a child he is.
So we can go on the air and give all that big information on this sports nerd obsessive station.
And the audience is calling it.
And we want to donate the money, Orlando, to send you out there,
because we shouldn't have to pay for your own way.
And they're sending him checks, which of course he couldn't accept and had to send him back.
But for that, they'll send in their money.
But for the first amendment for freedom of speech, for whatever they want to hear on a radio,
we'll watch on TV.
Oh, we can't be bothered with that.
That's so when they take away, when they take away in a few months,
all the shows you want to see on cable, when MTV starts playing Pat Boone Records all day long,
don't be blaming me.
Don't look at the rest of us.
We gave an opportunity.
Nobody really cares.
Nobody gives a crap.
As long as we have the games, man.
That's right.
That's what we care about on QAM is ball games.
Okay, we got the big Marlon open, which we're no like static.
I'll be a big Marlon fan again.
Any day that they're playing a day game that starts before 2 o'clock, I say,
let's go, Marlon's, yeah, I'm a big fan.
I'm not going to pretend to be a Marlon fan.
I don't care about baseball.
I just don't care.
Unlike so many of the people in South Florida,
maybe a majority of them front running phonies.
Oh, we love the Marlon.
I remember that Panther business man.
Seems like a lifetime ago now.
That's the only reason we got that Macarena sitting there right now,
because Wayne was able to suck the blood out of South Florida,
playing that one big year into that building there now.
Where they keep announcing 17,000 and 15,000,
and you look around and, well, where are they?
Are they all getting something to eat now or what's the day?
And then you fight out that half of them got free tickets anyway,
which is a nice way to piss off the season ticket holders.
Or honestly, a nice way to f*** off the season ticket holders.
No, we can still say that.
Aren't you saying that we can still actually say that?
For now.
We can even say.
It's tough.
It gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
And that's about it.
That's about all we can say.
So we're Schmidt Cannon at because, you know,
it's boring.
It's an interesting video.
We got thousands of people to sign a petition,
which I, you know, if you want to sign it,
go ahead if you assume that this Scott guy has got,
you know, is really going to do something with it.
Scott, I tried my best to help you out.
If you had 50 people in the country or 20 or maybe 30 people on here
in this country helping you as herniacly as I was trying to do,
you already have your middle-aged signatures, but you didn't do it.
And the people with a big to see what it really boils down to is a big,
big fat ego trip.
How it stirs on an ego trip rushes on an ego trip.
You know, so they can participate about the FCC is going too far.
And maybe they're going to come after me next and all of a sudden,
bull crap.
But unless they really mobilize their people and do something to fight it,
what are they really doing?
You know, stirring with this picture on the cross, he's the martyr.
People don't want to be a martyr and all about themselves.
Screw them.
That's my camera about the screw those people, okay,
with this 30 million year.
There's the guy who's who ought to be doing something about it.
If he really is the one that they're all coming after to try and nail his assing
and the knock him off the other way,
isn't he doing it?
Why isn't he the one running the campaign?
He's the guy that this Scott can call first, not the show,
but he's not doing it.
Oh, here's a lovely story you like this a lot before the break.
Uh-huh.
Being a new Englander yourself.
Yeah.
Police rescued a Boston woman from the jaws of her seven foot Burmese python
after the snake climbed onto where Armin started squeezing.
He was squeezing it.
Wandan Nunez, 43 told the Boston hero that their python mama,
went for her arm shortly before she planned to feed her two rats Saturday morning,
I'm swimming for breakfast.
She must have smelled the rats because she reached back and lunch
for my arm, Nunez said, before I knew what she was all over wrapped around me,
every time I tried to pry her or move, she just got tied around my leg.
For 13-year-old son called police after trying and failing to pull the snake off his mother.
Two police officers were able to pry mama off Nunez and put her back in her cage.
See, back in the day, I had so many lines I could use in the story about a better knot.
Yeah.
Nunez said the snake was part of the family, had no plans to give it over.
The police wanted to put her down, she said, but I begged them not to.
To put her down.
Uh-huh.
To mama's face.
Have you ever heard a line like that in regard to a snake?
I've heard it like it in regard to a horse, a dog.
Uh-huh.
They wanted to put the snake down, which is probably a good idea.
My life and look all this is 420560.
Way to way.
They found it!
In toy stores now, the Janet Jackson Toplas doll comes complete with Carreyway Velcro top.
Mom, I can see Janet's boobies.
Hey!
They're cool!
The Janet Jackson Toplas doll.
Oh, I think it is!
The ladies old kinds of naked footnaking is good.
That's it.
And coming soon, the Michael Jackson, Cherowade Velcro Knows.
I got you, nose.
1017 at 560 W.D.C.
And so we asked on Friday, what is the worst sit-down restaurant chain in America?
No drive-through.
That was the, that was the dividing point.
In other words, if it has a drive-through, then it's like a fast food joint.
Denny's wins hands down your pants, man.
Not even close.
509.
We despise Denny's.
We can't stand it.
It's nauseating.
It's for like trailer trash, basically, right?
I like the service.
Trailer trash and drunken, no college kids who go into about 3.30 in the morning.
Yeah, you can't complain about the service at Denny's because basically, there isn't any.
The olive garden, 256, a magnificent choice.
Crap.
Pure crap.
Anybody that eats at the olive garden, I'm guarantee you also eats vanilla ice cream.
I like the tour of Italy.
Waffle House 2.16, which I haven't eaten in one of those in so long.
I couldn't give you an honest opinion.
Applebee's 163, which Josh who's not there the first hour this morning because he's doing something.
Applebee's 163.
He used the work there.
He said it sucks.
I hop 158.
I think if you drive around America, one of the probably the most, the most out of business buildings you'll see is I hops.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Shows of a building that used to be, oh yeah, they, looks like it used to be an I hop.
I think this one down on South Miami, they turned it into a adult video place.
There you go.
158, probably even better stuff inside.
Well, couldn't say that.
Pizza Hut 142, Radell Obst 129, overpriced crap.
Shownies 1 to 14, I'm disappointed in that.
Anybody ever eat at these? Shownies out there in the Davy Road extension?
No.
You know what I'm talking about?
I've seen it off the highway.
I've seen it off the highway.
I never worked out there by the Hestation and Godfather's.
I know.
And there are long, long time because back up north Shownies in the last brothers' big war we've pretty them good.
You never rate it as Shownies.
Once.
And that the spatula has it.
Huh, that's a great strawberry pie.
Golden Corral 105.
Eat in there?
No.
That should be right up your alley.
It's a, smorgasbord.
It's a buffet.
Picked up a cafeteria 99 Cracklebury Cracklebury Cracklebury
Cracklebury had 80 Chili 61 Morrison's cafeteria at 60
Meltingpock 57 Stukies 54 but man at peanut brittle especially the stuff from 1932 is dynamite
Bennings 45 Fudd Rutgers 45 they butter the bun
Friday's 41 Rascal House 40 the Outback 38 the macaroni grill 35 that's a cheap shot
What what's their not to like about the macaroni grill besides the guy that gets up on the table and sings old man a black
River whatever he sings old man river
Don't you like the macaroni grill? I do like the macaroni grill keeping in mind that they bring us free food all the time
They're a fine sponsor the great the bread the backdream
But third man. Yeah, I don't think I ever ate it
There's one in the sawgrass, but I stay away from the sawgrass Perkins pancake has 26
Which I like a lot hops 24 the ale house 20 Tony Romans 14 and Bobby were being those 10 out of almost 26
Hundred votes. What's not to like about Tony Romans or Bobby were being us. What's what's her not to like?
I don't even know the Bobby were being us. They're existed now pretty sure they've he's dead
But he's still around I believe
So that's a pull from a Friday. Here's today's poll. It's not very exciting
In fact the poll pushers out there that we have in the audience if you got some good ideas for some polls
Thanks a man because I'm really running dry as the expression goes
I'm just you know after a while after the first 80,000 polls you start running dry a little bit
Oh, let's do one we never did before. I don't think we did this one
Based on your knowledge of history which in most cases is probably pretty limited name your choice for the worst US president ever now
Miguel's probably thinking this is just another chance for a cheap shot at Bush, right?
Isn't it? Yes, oh, and in fact, why don't we also put on here George Herbert Walker? How do we do that George Bush the first?
We'll just put I could pay HW, but they don't know whether George were Bush one
So here's the list George W Bush Jimmy Carter Richard Nixon
Ulysses asked Grant
Ronald Reagan Herbert Hoover
Bill Clinton or George Bush the first
And they can add some more of this if they will all I can't imagine yeah probably who's the one Andrew Johnson was impeached
Not convicted though just like Bubba not above it's just it's so sad
John Dean tells that Bill Moir is that Bush would be impeached and you know what he is
On it man those hearings should be going on right now
Bill Moir is former council the president John let's see on Friday with Bill Moir's former council the president John Dean tells Bill Moir's that he believed
This is so poorly written. I can't even believe it tells Bill Moir's that he believes the Bush administration secrecy and deception over the war with the
Raxia resulting impeachment
Clearly it's an impeachable offense. He says I think the case is overwhelming that these people presented false information to Congress and the American people and like I said now
Here's Colin Powell running around. Oh, well, I got bad information from the CIA
Let's hang George tenant from an oak tree somewhere. Okay, let's blame him
Man you talk about scrambling and the public is still right down the middle Fitty Fitty
I'm gonna make sure that the money's were spending actually yeah right
Not to mention a hundred million dollars. They're flushing down the toilet and it gets worse and worse every day and more and more dead bodies
And they hate us like poison not just in Iraq but all over the world
This was Dean's first TV interview about his new book Worst and Watergate the secret presidency of George W
Bush in the interview tape Friday in New York Dean compares the Bush and Nixon White Houses
There are many things worse than Watergate
He says taking the nation to war in a time when they might not have had to go to war and people dying
Did you see that was on Friday night? I'm sure you saw it on PBS. No
Well, what it all not it's on our website by the way actual transcript of the interview. It's on there
Oh, it's speaking of what comes around goes around here's some good news. Yeah
Oprah's show investigated for indecency all right
The crackdown on smut on America's their waves has entered new and surprising territory following reports
Then less than open-minded federal regulators have turned their attention when unexpected target the parental
Pareny Lee popular Oprah Winfrey show. So you made me brush my teeth to me. Then I can't talk
Got like fruit mouth
I know I have that every day on a rampage since Janet Jackson let abreast slip from her costume during the mid game music show at the
February 1st Super Bowl the FCC has acknowledged that it's looking at the complaints that Winfrey may have crossed the decency line
And at least one of her shows Winfrey has Howard Stern America's favorite radio shock to blame for her troubles
Stern himself has been the target of relentless pressure from Washington to tone out his broadcast and recently struck back by
Suggesting to his listeners that Winfrey was surely a worst offender
If they find me they got to find Oprah the darling of the world Stern told us listen to two weeks ago
The DJ directed them to his website where he provided a transcript of a Winfrey broadcast about teenage sex and
including instructions how they could file a complaint with the FCC sources at the FCC confirmed the agency had received about
700 complaints about Winfrey while most of them might have been spurred by Stern apparently they've been enough to prompt a formal investigation
So far Stern's been able to cling onto his perch offering a mix of music and sometimes a modest chitchat every morning on
K rock in the Yorkon by infinity broadcasting who's already been fine for some of what he's told his listeners
But another broadcasting chain clear channel dropped him from any of its stations last month
And it goes on and on about Howard this and Howard that yada yada yada
And about his stun on April Fool's Day when they did the first hour in the 45 minutes with some guys in there pretending that he got canned
It's Edwin so on because it's all about him
It's all about more and more publicity for Howard and that's the sad part, you know as if he really needs it
That's what he's all about
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line look at that phone man
It's smoking a bit. Oh, yeah tons of people so our poll today is calling it name a bunch of presidents
Right
Yeah, that little do it call it a name some presidents. Okay like Calvin Coolidge. Here's a good one
There's a bad one right there. He's speaking right now. I just voted for George W. Bush who's already got 28 votes
5 6 7. Oh, that's right. It's what am I talking about? We're not gonna have any calls this week. It's a it's a pass over in the Easter week
This is always the worst week of the year. This is the W. A. K. The worst week of the year. There's no response
That's it spring break and Broward. Oh, it's also spring break and Broward like I said kids out of school
You don't think that's a coincidence to you. This is a way to pacify everybody during the June goi mo holidays
Roll it all into a big ball of wax let everybody out of school
So everybody with more than 50 bucks got out of town on the Friday going for the long weekend
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We can just play in preview the new HCN this that came in today
All right, all the bits WQ a.m. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, uh as far as the presidents go obviously the worst one was Abe Lincoln for free this way. Yeah, that's cute
Always gonna start to know it off on a high week the week off the no the old whatever see
Must be no seriously. I got I got a tongue problem now. Let's see. It is. Oh, it's from that damn toothpaste. It tastes like fluoride fluoride. Yeah
That's Miguel's line. Oh, that's my favorite flavor. What's that fluoride?
There's only one flavor and toothpaste fluoride. And this is what what is fluoride taste like?
Yeah, like that
Some a little bit tongue-tied from now all that aqua fresh is pretty good stuff. I like it with the stripes
You know, it looks it looks like candy cane
Done that
Okay, a fresh toothpaste with all those little fruity flavors man. Seriously, that is it's like it's like brushing your teeth with candy
Which might not be a bad idea. Why don't we just do a poll on what your favorite toothpaste is?
Are you serious? Why don't we just yeah after 11 o'clock? We'll leave this pull up for an hour and
Then at 11 o'clock we'll do what your favorite toothpaste is which would be the worst poll in history this show
But it's a beast idea maybe we'll admit you would get a tremendous response on that
We can do like your favorite toothpaste flavor
fluoride that's Miguel's
27 past 10 at 560 qa
m
This is 4205
Do that Christ there's 20 drug-winter mercenaries up there. I'm doing every automatic weapon imaginable
Okay, and they got hostages with c4 scrapped in a chest
They could die. Come on, right? You know Jesus only said
You're all Christ
They're the stairs of movie trap who will embrace the blades they can they can cut you to pieces. Hey, buddy. Have a little faith
And there's an earthquake. It's just about to hit well everybody's gonna go sometimes never you get to come back
I'm tired of you dying. We're coming back and I'll come back. Okay. Oh, please don't let me die. I'm getting too old for this
You
The rush will everything's gonna be okay you crazy Jesus. That was a there was the most brave as most reckless unbelievable thing I've ever seen in my life
You got a death wish or something
We said we drive home handcuffed and bribed oh no you you crazy
1032 a 560 there was one bleep in here that I'm sure somebody's having a risk break
That was good enough for me. Okay. I'm not the I'm not playing a game anymore. You know, I'm just not playing with that clown
97 votes in this pool 11 clock will change it. I just the facts the new one to Eric
How much do you care about the marlins?
Don't you think that's appropriate that is you don't sound very excited about the marlin opening season tomorrow
You're not a marlin fan anyway
He's upset about his right sock losing yesterday
about his red socks Hucka. He's not excited about his Bruins winning yesterday. I was excited about that
I don't even have your priorities all screwed up man because nobody really cares about baseball. It's boring
It's it's like trying to take Applebee's and make it into a gourmet restaurant. I'm Boston man Boston baseball rules
I'm not talking about Boston. I'm talking about you. You're not in Boston last time I checked okay
You ought to be right now stand the cup playoffs coming up anybody who's even a peripheral hockey fan should be whipped up into a friend
How about those leaves
Six-nothing in Ottawa man. What a bunch of choking dogs you ought to be like so heavy duty in the hockey one here like hockey play by play during the show today all day long
All right, what do you think good idea
Turkey talking to me Danny off camera was an impressive paper in the first period
Well, he came to the Canadian with great sedans. So there's this guy right on by
That was how important it is to get that fun
Danny Gallivan by the way, he's still dead, you know that
You don't even know who downing Danny Gallivan is okay. Anyways, no don't start with a hockey stuff
Okay, that'll be the end of the show in the end of you. How much do you care about the marlins?
This will be the pool at 11. I just passed the Derek a lot. I'm a huge fan honest
See you have to when you when you vote on that honest
I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games a little bit or not at all zero nada those are the four choices. There's nothing really in between
Because it's a firm running phony town. They got over 50,000 tickets sold for tomorrow's opening game against the expose
No less and we're starting a pregame festivity with my close personal friend Joseph Gaki
Okay, but he'll be right out there at pp park in new numerals. We have just a two-hour show
The marlins on those days and then the hump are be on after the ballgame
So we got the big opening day tomorrow and then I heard them
Arguing Zach and Joe Rose this morning on the crossover and a big crossover we have about who's gonna
How many people are gonna show up on Wednesday? Who's gonna really be there for the second game after the opening?
They festivity kids are out of school and Broward right?
Yeah, no excuses this week. No reason why they shouldn't have some good crowds all week long or talking base ball
I know give me all that good crack good weather. What's not to like? So the expose a big series at the marlins and
We'll see on Wednesday. I'm thinking maybe
Not 30,000 about 30 people
How many of you say they're gonna get more than 30 people how many people do you think about six thousand?
I would say I'm not talking about see tickets sold is gonna be deceptive because they actually have eight thousand season tickets this year
So when you look in the box for it's gonna say like 8,700 and whatever and there might be only 4,000 people are 12
12,5 and Miguel
Let's go with 25 25 people 25,000 on Wednesday
Yeah, you must you must be out of your mind you must be getting all panic because your house is burning down on their in Dave County
I'll teach you live in Dave County. God is not too happy with Dave County these days
And God's also not too happy with a bush mic dude. You know that?
You
Have to build your business you can leave it to whoever you want without the federal government
Before rice agreed to testify in public 9 11 commission executive director fact White House
1945 photo showing presidential chief of staff appearing before Pearl Harbor congressional panel
And they warned the White House council that unless rice testified in public photo would be all over Washington 24 hours
This is a great story. It's on our website
Like all the great stories
Last Monday morning 9 11 commission executive director Phil Abzelecow
Facts a photograph to the White House council's office with a note saying that if the White House didn't allow national security advisor
Condo Lisa rice to testify in public before the commission the photograph will be all over Washington in 24 hours
Newsweek magazine is learned the photo from a November 22nd
New York Times story showed presidential chief of staff Admiral William D. Leahy appearing before a special
Congressional panel investigating the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor the point was clear
The White House could no longer get away with the claim that rice's appearance would be a profound breach of president
How do you like that? So they just kept lying and lying and still walling?
Oh Condo Lisa would love to testify in public under oath, but you just can't do that. It would be a bad precedent as opposed to a bad president
How do you like that turns out to be a pop-up holocrap?
And so one of the members of the commission the executive director the commission asked to threaten them with a copy of this photo saying either
You know, it's it's kind of like a look of Broughtsey all over again, you know
Just amazing
And the public discontinued sitting out there. Oh, and I think he did the right thing. He's doing a hell of a job
I don't understand it do you I'm not talking to Miguel because he's hopeless. He's politically. I
I don't get it. I don't understand what the public is thinking about the man has lied through his teeth
There are kids dying every day over there for no good reason the situation is becoming so chaotic now
It's just totally out of hand and it reminds me of Vietnam all over again because we've gotten ourselves into a mess that we
First of all didn't belong there in the first place just like Vietnam and
secondly
They they keep lying to us through their teeth just like in Vietnam when it kept lying about oh and pieces at hand and all the
Southern bull crap that Kissinger was giving us and a bodyguards keep coming home every day
We got some public and the public says oh gee when do we get to see Janet's other movie? That's what the public here is about
By the way, we got Natasha Kinsky on our website today
For those real test broaders behind the beaded curtain
Based on your knowledge of history name your choice for the worst US president ever we got 145 votes
George W Bush has got a nice even hundred all right nice job W even hundred
Jimmy Carter 16
Bill Clinton ten
Dick Nixon seven can we say that?
I think Nixon is obscene
Yeah Herbert Hoover five Ulysses has Grant four and Ronald Reagan three
Wait till we get to that Marlon pool. We love the Marlon
It's just like the thing with a panthers and this is the thing that just one of the many things
That just drives me up the wall about South Florida. You could come back in five years
You can come back in ten years. Of course some of the teams will be gone by that time, but it'll be something else, you know
They'll be trying to sell another extension to the public of the metro rail to Ojas
And it's always the same neurotic repetition. Oh gee you're wrong. You're so negative the people are obsessed with the Marlins
We love the Marlins and if we're for you, we'd have that stadium. Yeah, I got a lot to do with it
Sure fault and it's all in the else fault make no mistake about it if I weren't so negative about the Marlon organization
Uh, they've had the stadium
If maybe if Wayne weren't such a tight ass, maybe they might be able to stay in the stadium. They're in right now
If he'd make him a better deal because they're in the perfect location you can drive right in there right off the turnpipe great location best in town
If Wayne were to tie that so blame Wayne blame Paul the up for it because he's he's the grave robber. He's the chigger in a wood pile
He's the one that you know all the lies all the time
About the macarena
Too bad we can't play that song anymore, you know, we can play a little bit of it
And that's it
That's all we can play
But we do have this and I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down
Right if Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here
Because I will not have you guys
Looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else
Right, what a liar man. What a phony build on that beautiful bigger arena there
Then of course he had dumped that team off as quick as he could all that baloney from that one season
All he did was just parlay it into more money as the guy says oh, I'm not here for the fans
I'm not in this business for the fans. I'm gonna have to make money
I was when I was brushing my teeth with that crest that awful stuff this morning. I'm thinking to myself
How much do you need how much does anybody need how much blood you want to suck out of the community Wayne
Before you finally say hey, I'm really gonna give something back
Oh, no unless you've built me that arena and of course they did build me arena
And now we had that silly bunch by the team and look what happened they make the playoffs now
Is there gonna be a season next year? Probably not despite of what Geltie says the only reason Geltie wants to make sure
There's a season next year since once jigs his job and the rumor I'm here and the rumor that I'm here and is they're gonna offer it to him
Did you know that I didn't know that yeah, that's the rumor I'm here
I'll tell you from the other day. I talked to go Lee didn't seem too confident really. Yeah
I think it's gonna be great. I think it'll be real exciting
In fact, maybe he can play too, you know in between in between calls
Very sad very sad situation here there are no hockey fans in South Florida. It's like just it's it's
pathetic five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and T in Verizon wireless line 19 to level
We got the mad dog at two the Hebrew hammers off today. I'm sure for some good reason it's got nothing to do with pay soft
Joseph Gackie for his hang on vacation or something. Oh, it's the NCAA tournament. I'm sure he's somewhere
These somewhere all he probably got sent to the wood shed for bitching out David Samson
Joe is at the shoelace steak two and 90 lakes
Old the penis face hurricane hotline at seven then you got the big
At eight send him some checks sent him some money. He can use it 80k at 10 o'clock and then of course after that
This is five six
You
Hungs bang up job on American Idol and now all of William Hungs greatest hits are on one amazing CD. It's hung up on hung
Yes from outcast to jalo everyone's hung up on hung
Don't be fooled by a rock that I got
He used to have a little now he has a lot of tone-debt fans who can't get enough of hung up on hung
It's worth a lot more than 50 cents order now and you'll also get this free bonus CD an American Idol loser sings the American Idol winners
You see the pen dance no wrong
Need to be the fan said come on or you when wrong
He's true William Hungs hung up on hung is only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame. So don't delay call now
It's a 1046 at 560 WQM look at that pull 229 votes based on your knowledge of history
Name your choice for the worst US president ever
George W. Bush 160 oh
Jimmy Carter 24 Bill Clinton 18 which I can't accept a real Clinton haters, which that must be those people
Robert Cooper anybody possibly say that
I think you're pardon Robert Creeper voted 19 times. I'm sure he did what a schmuck what a putz
Dick next in 10 Herbert Hoover six elicis s grand four George Herbert Walker Bush
Uh has got four and the Ronald Reagan three
Out of 240
Nobody voted yet for Abe Lincoln on our first Jewish president
Bush and Blair now. I don't know somebody facts this story which I would really appreciate
I appreciate the sentiments by some of these people out there
But take a look at our website before you start faxing us stories
And wasting enormous amounts of facts paper
So on our website today Bush and Blair made secret pack for Iraq war if there's anybody
In this audience or anywhere in the world who doesn't believe that this thing was cooked up ahead of time
You're in a dream world even Miguel knows that by now. I would think yes
No, see how even he knows that even a bush loving
Republican elephant a trunk the squeezing goofball like him professional Cuban who doesn't have a brain left in his body
Even he knows it
Which I think is really oh in the hero by the way. He's got a whole big thing about
Hispanics this in his panics that number. Oh my god
Did you see that survey about politically this and about the acubans are much more a right wing than the rest of it as if we didn't know that
The miny hero that from there should be no more English version of the hero just L. Herald would suffice please no more
They're not kidding anybody
President George Bush first asked Tony Blair to support the removal of Sodom was saying from power
A private white house dinner nine days after the terror attacks of 9-11
nine days after
According to Sir Christopher Meyer the former British ambassador to Washington was at the dinner when Blair became the first for me to
Division America after 9-11 Blair told Bush he should not get distracted from the war on terror's initial goal
Dealing with the Taliban and Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan
Bush claims Meyer replied by saying I agree with you Tony
We must deal with this first but when we have dealt with Afghanistan. We must come back to Iraq
Regime change was already US policy
It was clear Meyer said that when we did come back to Iraq it wouldn't be to discuss smart ascensions
Elsewhere in this interview Meyer says Blair always believed it was unlikely that Sodom would be removed from power
Give up his weapons of mass destruction without a war
faced with this prospective of further war he adds Blair said nothing to the murder in other words
We didn't disagree
Details of this extraordinary conversation are published this week in a 25,000-word article on the path to war with Iraq in the
May issue of the American magazine Vanity Fair provides new collaboration the corroboration of the claims made last month
In a book by Bush's former counterterrorism chief Richard Clark that Bush was obsessed with the rack as his principal target after 9-11
But the implications for Blair may still be more explosive the discussion implies that even before the bombing of Afghanistan
Blair already knew that the US intended to attack Sodom next although we continue to insist in public that notice
Things have been taken until almost the moment that the invasion began March of 2003
His critics are likely to cease on the report of the two leaders exchange a demand to know when Blair
Result to provide the backing that Bush saw and it goes on a great length. It's really well worth reading
From the Ugardian the British newspaper the Guardian Bush and where made secret pack for a rack war nine days after 9-11 and the Bush
Your crew the neo-contradary decided on this long before that
Well, so what does that mean neo? What does that prove?
No nothing nothing. I guess
It's worth it like George says it's worth it
It's worth it
Now this uh this story here this really just drives me up the wall
American justice
jury acquits Texas mother who killed her sons
You see this no you know the story of course. Yeah, how she bashed in their heads with rocks. Yeah
The woman who claimed that God ordered her to bash in the heads of her sons was acquitted of all charges by reason of insanity
Saturday in Tyler, Texas after a jury determined that she didn't know right from wrong during the killings
A jury found that the Anna Laney was legally insane main ninth when she killed her two older sons ages six and eight in the front yard
Let the youngest now to mained in his crib
Laney 39 would have received an automatic life sense as she would have been convicted of capital murdered
Laney broken it tears as the verdict was read her husband keep Laney sat solemnly with his head down a few jurors cried and struggle to maintain their composure
State medical law allows Laney to be committed to a maximum security state hospital
Medical evaluations will dictate when she'll be released
When she'll be released
jurors deliberated about seven hours before reaching their verdict in the deaths of eight-year-old Joshua and six-year-old Luke in the beating of
Aaron the fence attorneys argue that insanity was the only reason why a deeply religious mother who a homeschooled her children would kill two of them and name another without so much as a tear
See deeply religious and insanity seems to be there being redundant there
There was no crying said tanda kare one of Laney's lawyers. She was insane. There can be no other answer
See I haven't asked him for years. I don't I mean you think Ted Bundy was saying
David Birkowitz no
John Wayne Gacy do you think that those people were saying never makes any difference in those cases
You have to be insane to do the things that they did but when it comes for the purposes of of American public's anger
We want justice
So we like either fry those people or if the law prohibits that we put them away forever
But in this particular case because she was a good religious lady
deeply religious homeschooled her children she must have been crazy at the time
All five mental health experts consulted in the case including two for the prosecution one for the judge concluded
That a severe mental illness caused lady to have psychotic delusions that rendered here incapable of knowing right from wrong during the killings
These standard for in Texas for insanity
Psychiatrist justified that she believed she was divinely chosen by God
Just as Mary was chosen to bear in Jesus to kill her children as a test of faith and then serve as a witness after the world ended
She don't sound any crazy than any other religious person quite frankly
crazy
In closing arguments earlier Saturday prosecutors portrayed the killings last mother's day weekend as deceptively planned and
Executed it was graphic it was horrific and it was brutal
Prosecutor Matt Bingham told the jury
Bingham pounded his fist in his hand as he recounted Joshua's killing
He got strike after strike after strike on his head at the point that his brains were coming out of his head like liquid
Prosecutors portrayed the killings as deceptively planned and coolly executed
They said that even if Laney believed she was doing right by God
She had to have known she was doing wrong by state law her first call they pointed out was to 9-11 to some of the authorities
So she was crazy out to do it
But she was saying enough to call 9-11 and say hey something wrong just happened here
Maybe she picked up the wrong phone. Maybe she really wanted to call the baton the bat line talk to God
And see if he was happy now just got the wrong extension. Yeah, she just got the wrong extension good point
So she's gonna go away to some institutions somewhere and then we'll you know slap around a wrist. I'll come out again
You'll keep your eye on that down the road
She'll be carrying a heavy load down the road look at this plan ball, baby. I'll see you then
You know basically
You want one more year where you I think baseball should be banned. I think they just should end it right now
Why it's traumatic the drama of the game blows. No, you don't you don't even like baseball. I love baseball based on what
It's a great sport. It's boring as hell, man. It's not even a sport. It's boring the intricacies of it
It's dramatic. Which is what how many times somebody scratches their privates in between pitches? How many times?
somebody like a pay rod for example
Or a punch how many times he crosses himself before each pitch that's pretty dramatic
You're just you know you're just negative about everything. No, I'm not
I'm not negative stand the cup playoff some all excited about your unamerican friends you about that what you're unamerican
You may have a point there
Based on your knowledge of history name your choice for the worst US president ever
I'm certainly not on American when it comes to football and the your patriots
That is true. You know what the really sad part of that is yeah
That had to be the probably the most exciting Super Bowl game in history
I don't think there's too much debate about that nobody nobody remembers not only who won the game but the game itself
All they know about is Janet's booby that is true now. What does that say about America?
A phenomenal game the patriots win the Super Bowl twice in three years
The dolphins are foaming at the mouth. You're juggling your psychotic behavior with just oh, you know
I think it's great that j. Feelers gonna be back for another go a go-around
Do you have any idea how bad that dolphins are gonna be this season?
AJ Feely man. Yeah touchy feely touchy feely and if the n a guarantee of Michael Powell finds out about that
You won't see him no more no more touchy feely
They're gonna be really bad
But so I guess it was a propitious moment for the people of South Florida
Even though we lost freedom of speech it was well worth having Janet pull at the booby out because
Everybody forgets about it. There was a ballgame and who won the game
Here's the final total now on this first pull which really sucks
I like to wonder about the marlin's better. We do it every year and a lot of people lie
A lot of people lie like crazy just like all those people that were gonna send in money first stop FCC
And then we're gonna do that now you're not you're full of crap
321 votes based on your knowledge of history name your choice for the worst US president ever in a history of the us of a a
George W. Bush 225 70% the Bushmeister rules
Jimmy Carter 32 built Pinto on 23 probably your people of McGill
See no comment rich or Nixon 12 Herbert Hoover 10 George Herbert Walker Bush that's Bush won the U7
Ulysses S. Grant 6 who was nothing but a drunken
General and the Ronald Reagan 6 out of 121 votes
We'll be changing that at the top of the hour. Sure of a Kennedy up there
See what I mean right right there that that's all you need to know about McGill
Escobar and his drug family and he's like pumping his fists like he's so jubilant now they have pigs JFK
Can't let him rest in peace can't let JFK rest in peace got to pick on his ass now
Man like I said
One dimensional
Same thing just like CMQFM be number one station. Oh, but the assimilation factor
Right assimilation my ass there ain't no assimilation factor going on
I need to break the news to you McGill, but guess what bilingualism doesn't work
Get with the program or bye bye. That's basically how it should work
I mean what do I know? I know one thing you can spring it to savings right now and save like crazy with a great new car truck from arm
Strong Toyota homestead you'll find them on US 120 in South of the 836 armstrong Toyota homestead is worth the drive
No matter where you're living because they can save you so much cash literally thousands on great new toyotas
Check out these great least deals waiting for you right as I speak an oh four camera your four winner for just
269 a month for 48 months. How about an oh four highlander just 309 a month leave a truck
How about an oh four Toyota tender the safest truck in America you pay just
179 a month for 48 months and these are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at armstrongs
Toyota homestead with those nasty tool increases on people using cash on the turnpike now armstrongs
We'll give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck there
General manager David Rich and the staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new toyota today
So experience for yourself the armstrong Toyota homestead difference. They're locally owned and operated
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction too their service departments even open late till eight week nights to make sure they get all your service
Work done and done right of course you'll find them at US one and two ninety third in homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the 836
So please quit wasting your time with those mega dealers or car drives they'll give you the big saw in advance
They always over promise and under deliver do our new yourself a big favor by calling David Rich the GM at armstrongs
Toyota homestead of 305 242 30247 305 242 30247 drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at armstrongs
Toyota of homestead
We're sports radio five six
UAM
Don't you go back to kill for you speak faster
you
You
Maybe
Maybe, maybe, can we maybe, can we make me the now-money?
Maybe, don't know the need, yeah, we maybe, can we maybe, can we make me, can we not as crazy as bean?
Maybe, we want to help out, and we're trying to find a way to grow our life, your heart's going to crush, does he?
You want to take to really kick his face, yeah, we maybe, can we maybe, can we maybe, can we?
Love it all 3 at 5, 60 WDQA, and now you do realize that getting back to our stuff FCC thing that we dropped,
and like I said, if you want to sign that petition, and we've got all the best of luck in the world, more power to it, that's fine.
I have no problem with that, I hope he gets 10 million signatures.
But you know as well as I do that either, not both, that either Howard Steer and O'Rourke Limbaugh could have gotten that million signatures in a week, right?
Without a doubt. Easily.
So instead of like laying all over Oprah, which is amusing, nonetheless, and of course, it has the reverse effect instead of pointing out how stupid the whole thing is,
what it does, and now the FCC is going after her.
He's going after Oprah.
Is this incredible or what week?
Tragic is supposed to mobilize that big audience out there saying, hey, let's write any billion letters and let's go crazy and let's put a stop to this now before everybody's off the air, because you don't care about anybody else.
And you know something, if I were making 3 million year for the last 8-10 years, I wouldn't give a crap about anybody else either, I guess.
That'd be long gone. I'd be out of everybody's here. I'd be out of your way.
I'd just open up the door and say, let somebody living in breathing company instead of all far like me. That's hanging on because Mitch Hirsch lost all that money.
Here's the final result on that first poll, which we can, uh, Schmidt-Kandet now, Eric, please. Pretty please. Not a good poll.
All of, well, a tremendous response. You see that?
Yup. Huh? Yeah?
389 votes in 1 hour. I printed that one in 377, almost 400 votes in about 40 minutes.
And that's because they hate W like poison. And rightfully so, is Miguel Gone or is he still there?
I hear. He's still there. What's the Sir with Josh Cordis? Is he laying out today?
Yes.
He having an orgy at his house is what's going on over there. I'm sure.
I know, but if he's listening, hurry up.
What does that mean? What else you've got to do? You don't have, uh, you don't have that bitch to chase him on a haul anymore.
Huh?
I have a lot of things to do. I'm busy. Such as what?
He's going to give out free tickets. What could you be doing more important than sitting on this very important show?
You might actually learn something all the way down in your case because it's hopeless.
I'd be listening to you. I'm feeling no, you would not.
You're not in the knowledge of history. Name your choice for the worst US president ever.
Now, you know, we, I guess we currently put a put JFK on there. We'd had 800 votes.
Oh, the, uh, may have pigs, may have pigs. You know, all of that. You're people, you know, some place to go.
But they're all listening to WCM QFM anyway.
Now you should be able to tell us what they're playing on CMQFM. You should know it's probably your crowd.
They play a lot of old Spanish. We know that. But give us some names. Give us some artists.
What, what does that mean?
I am silly. I'm losing. I am dead now. But I remember when I was alive.
I will need to do it. I will.
This is so typically Cuban, man. It's like it's like that other things. This school.
Arruca is the best radio show I am. What, what, what time is he on?
I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. He's the greatest in the world.
But she don't even know what time he's on. Much less to tell you what he's talking about.
That's the same thing with CMQFM. You talk to any of Julio down here in South Florida.
Oh, yeah. Well, CMQFM is tricking us to playing oldies. Well, give me one.
Not the whole playlist. Give me one artist that they're playing.
I wouldn't like that. They don't know. They're playing disco too.
Disco what? Disco duck? Like disco music.
You mean American disco music? Yeah. Oh, no.
Didn't we already go through that with smegma radio with cheap channel?
Did we already go through that phase and we got real hot for a couple of months?
And everybody wants to hear that again. And then after they heard it, they, you know, 8,000 times.
Okay, that's enough. We like to beat. He's been not that much. We like KC. He's not a bad old queen, but not that much.
Right. So that's what they're playing. That's what they're playing.
American disco? Yeah. On CSA, CMAQA, FAMA?
Holy crap. Well, I can get some of that out. I like that.
I can have it. Hummer. Anyway, worst president in history, George W. Bush 267, 71%.
Hate him like poison. Jimmy Carter 38. He felt that malaise through the country.
And now, of course, now that he's no longer present now, all of his studies running around the world.
He's making peace over here. He's making peace over there. A piece of this piece of that.
I thought it was cute when he said, you know, he didn't invite. He didn't invite Howard Dean to Georgia. That was cute.
I think that kind of sealed his fate. Bill Clinton 25. I don't understand those people.
They've got to be no speaking English. Grab because eight years of prosperity.
Things were wonderful. He didn't kill too many people in Kosovo just enough. Well, too many.
Richard Nixon 15. Hebert Hoover 10. Ulysses S. Grant, the drunken general.
Eight. Ronnie Reagan 7 and George Herbert Walker, Bush 7.
See, he was, you know, kind of small potatoes. Very whiny, wimpy.
Now, no taxes. That was the end of him. He was a wimpy and wine as a poet with son who was really just them.
I mean, see, I don't think most people had really strong feelings about Bush one. Am I right? Yeah, he kind of passed under the radar.
Yeah, he was just staying, you know, a wimpy.
Just like his opponent, just like Michael Dukakis is the Democrats.
Once again, here's the only man in America who probably could have outwimp George Bush the first.
Herbert Walker Bush. That was Michael Dukaka. How's Kitty doing?
Carlisle. Now, this facts. I'll tell you one thing, boy. He said it is a holidays. Wait till you're this one from Mark.
Happy Passover. Two things. I thought the reason for Passover and Easter always being so close to the fact that Jesus was Hebrew in the time of his crux of occasion.
I'm not even sure if I can say that on the air. I think you might mean crucifixion. The Hebrews were celebrating Passover on another topic.
Just look for that. Now, wait till you hear this. See if you can figure this out. If JFK meaning John Kerry wins, wouldn't it be ironic that we'll now have another chance to fight another Vietnam.
But this time he'll be commander in chief. So if you realize that Kerry was so anti-viet after his tour of duty, where will he stand now that he's the commander?
Do you understand that? Huh? No. I think what he's trying to say is that we're in a quagmire right now. Just like we were in Vietnam.
Absolutely. And Kerry, after his tour of duty over there, spoke very strongly against the word just like anybody else with a conscience and a brain did.
See, on this crap about, oh, what? He came back and he was one of those war protesters. Well, more power to him. There were 58,000 kids came home and body bags.
Didn't learn our lesson.
Tragic. Then here's the Stuttering Girl who means well, his pool. I don't know. What to do about the presidential election if it comes down to Florida voters. He's got four choices.
Allow Bush's army to invade Florida. Allow the FCC to bleep out all the Kerry's votes. Don't allow the southeast part of the state to vote or none of the above.
Stuttering Girl, put it on your head. You had a real good one last time. Get put by your head. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Now this, this is terrible. This thing of your friend mode. Did you make this picture up? No.
No. Oh my god. Gelly, the muskrat from Hebron is on top of Mo's head. And Mo is most doing a go Jets thing.
Wow. Mo Howard for new governor of Iraq. Boy, people are really wiped out too much wine. I think with the monster. I haven't even really started yet.
Fine. Let's go to a say there. What do you say you want to go to a say there? Are you going to a say there? I'm not. No. Please don't. You don't need any more excuses for eating. Okay. Just like me. Don't need any more excuses to be eating. Just stop eating. I think is a good idea. Just take a nice deep breath of fresh air.
That's it. That's enough. Okay. Here's our next poll. Here's this poll for the rest of the show. We got the we've got to look. Nobody can blame us. Let's get this town whipped up for tomorrow. And what do you say? Oh whipped up into a frenzy. 50,000 plus screaming, raving fans are going to be there tomorrow.
Because it's opening day. I still say I don't understand that baseball has successfully unlike any other sport. There's no other sport. You can name me.
We're opening day has got the significance that baseball has created in the minds of the public. It's a state of mind thing. That would be correct. Yeah. It's a state of mind. Oh, but this is a specialty. It's opening day. But there's 161 other games. Oh, but this is opening day. Yeah. It's spring again. It's the, you know, flowers are blooming. Time to go see the symbolic symbolic.
The symbolic symbolic of what a new season. You just want to know what about the first. Let me ask you this. Yeah. Which sport do you think there's more interest in South Florida? Just an example. The NFL or baseball NFL. Right. Now the first off in game home game. Yeah. Is there anywhere near as much interest? Now for example in college, they have the homecoming thing. But that's I don't that's just a silly. That's a tradition. You know. But in the NFL, the opening game isn't the mean any different from one of the other games. No, the first game of the season.
Down here is pretty big. You're wrong for the dolphins. And in fact, I'll tell you how wrong you are. Yeah. Last. Oh, you got yourself into a bite now, man. Who did they play opening home game last year? Houston Houston. Right. Which they lost, by the way. And if you'll recall, they had to have a local TV. They had to have the local affiliate. Buy up the last tickets because the game was going to be blacked out. And you know what I am. Absolutely correct. Right. See, just because I have the body of an elephant doesn't mean I don't have the mind to match. That's because people don't go don't go to games down here. Any
ways. And what about all the other games that weren't blacked out? See, they go to the games based on how many people who support the other team show up. How many tickets the other team buys hockey games basketball games football games and baseball games like when the Yankees, if the Yankees play here to Mets. Right. Yeah. There you go. Red socks. Yeah. So the fact that it was Houston, the anxious Houston Texas, a second year.
Expansion team. What did that say? That's why they weren't going to sell it out. In fact, if you recall, the first builds game went right out of the wire. Also almost wasn't sold out the Buffalo bills. Right. The arch rival Buffalo bills. They're not exciting. Some of the words is another another deal with an excuse. Yeah. Anytime there's an excuse, we won't show up. Well, that's why I'm taking the pool because it's the biggest excuse town anywhere. And when and when David Samson, when he owners him and ran
in Luria, when they say, oh, well, that's nice. You offered to build a stadium over there or give us the orgable, but that's not good enough. Now, how about over here? No, that's not good enough either. What a bunch of morons, man. Anyway, let's see, not a bit, not a little bit zero T. Me tiny bit. Not a that's my vote. I'm just being honest with you. I'm not going to be a phony and jump on a bandwagon 85 votes. All right. Just went up there for crying out loud. Not at all. Not a zero 28. I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 24 and other but it's kind of like a, you know, like
both of you that you read. That's what I voted right in the yellow go to few games because he gets the tickets free. Yeah. From me. Well, I'm glad I mentioned it. Do we have the tickets? May it. What does that mean? Not yet. The opening game is tomorrow right there. But it is Ray Perry standing out in the street corner selling those tickets now. Is this another one of our revenue stream just like that phony auction that QM had last week a shame on you people. I'm sure they're there. I just have a
bit of the other. Yeah. Well, 14 past 11 at 560 W a list and that's out of the bill. He ought to be there right now with bells on rape. Here. He ought to be walking and say, here's Neal's tickets and here's the parking passes. Here's all of his stuff. Miguel. You handle it. Any weapon. Tell you for years. Why if you old mattress. Where is that like Miguel man? He got a new mattress and dollar mattress. I came to begin to tell you what he and his lovely bride are doing on it. In fact, they made a baby on it. Where'd you make the baby on the old mattress combination? The dollar mattress backs up
everything they say they're advertising 100% but the competitors use lots of false and deceptive things to make a long story short. They lie when you see a mattress that making outrageous things redefine print lots of lies waiting for you out there. For example, the ads got a big headline. It says half off. But guess what? It only applies to limited selection of items that you'd never choose anyway. Everything else is full price. And then they probably double the regular price first on that supposed sale merchandise. And you'll probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like it either. But at Donald mattress, the ads have no tiny print no disclaimers when you call one eight hundred
mattress. You'll see their prices are so low. Other stores have to offer half off sales just to be in a ballpark to compete. See there it is again ballpark. Go to the seat of Marlins.
Donald mattress has got a no risk 30 day comfort exchange policy on all beds, including the one you buy. And don't forget when you call. Donald mattress at one eight hundred mattress. You're getting company ranked the best anywhere. In overall, customer satisfaction from Kendall Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And Donald mattress reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying. Even if you decide not to buy from them. It just makes sense.
So what are you waiting for? Do it. A lot of us at QA have been doing for years. Pick up that phone and make that one easy call. One eight hundred mattress or log onto their website mattress.com.
Donald mattress, one eight hundred MATTR ES the honest way, the smart way to buy you a great new bed.
I'm not. This is for 20. You weigh. Yeah.
Fillings, Lee of the flower to Marlins. I just thought you might want to know we have season tickets still on sale for a hundred and ten bucks. Why that's less than five cents for an exciting game of baseball.
He would want to buy me these would you. We got some players or cool names this season like Jesus and Chess Joe Fence to Blau Bad Penny Ricky bones brother Don Cornelius and sister Rose Ryan Dumpster Don Nots and Nelson B. Helper.
If you show up, well, I guess I will too. Plus if you do, then I got to get up. You probably wonder how come there was a couple of seconds that are there when we came back.
Were you wondering that? What was that?
Marines locked out for Lou. I'm going to tell you you are as useless as. Sorry, my boyfriend wasn't here asking me a question.
Doing what? Stay in hell out of there. Okay. Clear it. You jackass. Stay out of there. We're doing a radio show here.
This guy you're doing two days today and tomorrow, which quite frankly what you're doing so far today. I wouldn't get paid for.
And then we got Zach the rest of the week who could only be a major improvement. You don't say anything. You just you want to.
In too much other stuff. Same thing as like you asked this guy question like what what was it?
Marines locked out in Fallujah. US Marines today closed all roads in. What was he in there doing? What did he want?
He was asked me if I sent some highlights to ESPN radio or someone. In other words, more sports crap. Okay.
When you're doing the near Roger show, be clented to you. Don't have time for sports crap. Clarence get the hell out.
You're an impediment to my life in this radio show. Get the F out. Clarence go away. God has he pissed me off.
One idiot. Man. In fact, before the show of Beast was telling me about the stew gots. Let's tell that story about how Clarence is still booking guests.
Even though stew gots is working over there for Fox sports for the competition for 940. Even always working for the other people.
Oh, he needs some guess. Sure. Call up Clarence. He'll help him get some guess. Here's some phone numbers. Here's some good guess for your show.
Stew gots. Even though you're on a competition. I guess being this pants about with their point five share. Pretty said what goes on there, man.
It's really, really sad. Anyway, US Marines today closed all roads into Fallujah. The satellite week slangs of four US Virgin
contractors and the mutilations of their bodies. Fire fights erupted as the Marines rated several houses sources,
said leading one Marine and five Iraqis did. There also are reports of clashes and bagged that in the job between coalition forces and Shiites.
I thought the president told us the war was over back in May. Don't you remember that? I thought it was. That was supposed to be the conflict part of this was all over.
And they were bringing us candy and flowers and we're going to rebuild and create this great democratic government and hand the keys to the king to back over to these people in Ahmed Chilabi,
who's nothing but a criminal and it was going to be great. Every flu onto the carrier. I sure do. All dressed up in his spiffy outfit.
This is a great poll suggestion. By the way, the first one this person sent in was bad, but this one's good. Maybe we'll do this tomorrow.
If you could abolish one government agency, what would it be in the first one on his list is the FCC? I'm all for that. Van, it would be great.
If you tune in late, we're not doing these stuff. FCC thing for a variety of reasons. For general, I want to repeat the whole story, but we're not going to take anybody's money.
Anybody who did donate, we thank them in advance, but you won't be charged because they're addicted and deposited into charges on the credit cards, etc.
And so on and Greg and Mad Dog, you're your checks back or whatever. You know, we thank them for their help, but it wasn't going to happen.
It wasn't going to happen where I'm not going to get into a jackpot with some guy that wants to remain anonymous and is giving us the solid dance.
Well, you know, I got all these signatures. Great. You're just giving up. You are such a putz, man.
You know, something you're right. I am giving up that that is correct. I'm not going to argue with you about that. I'm giving up and throwing it.
Let me ask you this. Why should I be doing this?
So one has to champion the cause, but someone who's got an audience, we don't reach enough people. We can't do it.
I wouldn't mind being a catalyst. That's what I tried to do. See, I'm not even in the beginning, even as optimistic as I was.
I'm not that stupid to think that I'm Miami on some stupid ass sports station with a crappy signal that I'm going to like change the world.
But at least I wanted to be a catalyst. We try to like spread this around a little bit, whip up the signatures, hopefully get some people to call some other talk show people around the country.
Get them to promote it. Did it happen? Are they going to participate? No.
What's going to happen? Nobody cares. I'm not going to change your human nature. I went through this thing 18 years ago.
We took out ads and radio and records and billboard magazine and all this crap. And then the people in the business didn't care. They just don't give a crap.
I'm going to tell you something right now. I don't want to start mentioning names because we have a lot of people in the building who do help.
Whether it's our whether it's our charitable with the best stuff stuff every year that we do, you know, Hank always helps out big time in the mad dog and Greg Reed and screw in there.
Some people that are duff always never let us down. Always come through. But then there are some other people. For example, since we just had that cartoon, even even your good friend, the mohmistor when we did the best of this past time. Let us use his drop in for the key change, right? Right.
Because he's an animal lover or dog lover and it was a good cause. You know, all that stuff. Right.
But we have some other people in the building who are like in a they're in a vacuum. They're in an island somewhere. They have nothing to do with this show. They don't know from it. And then that's that's fine. It's up to them. I'm not going to mention any names.
This is an example. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless. Let's get. Let's get a thousand calls on between now and to what do you say?
Okay. You think? No. Because I only took one at a first hour and a half here now and it's that was the guy who said that Lincoln the free displays. How much do you care about the marlins? Not at all zero.
Not a 71 that's 41.2% and I appreciate the refreshing honesty. I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 38 22.6% a little bit 39 and a lot. I'm a huge fan. Honest 23 13.3% 172.
So the bandwagon is still overloaded with those 50,000 plus people are going to be there for opening day tomorrow because it's a happening baby. It's a thing. It's a thing opening day. Why near this is opening day for Christ say. Yeah. What does that mean? I mean, I was a baseball fan since I was a little kid. You know before you guys were born. Right.
Long before you were born because I'm an old fart. But I don't I never was able to understand that opening day. It's like a holiday. So what happened with you in baseball?
What happened with me is I got tired of pamper over overplayed jocks, whining and crying in addition to which is I became a little bit more mature as I got a life. I realized that sitting there watching this crap is it's boring. Now let me ask you an honest question. Okay. How many baseball games on television? Forget about going to a game and having a couple of hot dogs and being there where they're having a few laughs. How many games do you sit and watch from the first pitch to the last out? The whole way through I can.
Ah, how many NFL games do you watch when you start watching you watch all the way to the end unless it's a blowout? A lot more all of them. If it's a good game, you want a good game. I'll stick through it all the way to the end and beast. Yeah, I'm on the same page as me. Yeah. So now what's the reason for that? It's different. It's boring.
It's boring. A baseball game you want your at home. Okay. See when I was a child, I used to listen to the games in a radio and it was Mel Allen and Red Barber and there was Bob Prince and Harry Kirin. They made it very exciting and all these got to get Quinlan, huh? You got Boog now make it exciting.
And then we got to balance that out. We got that stiff there, Dave Ann Boring, which everybody on the station for some reason shows for I have no idea why just because he's got a bad hair piece and lovely wife.
What is the story with that? Why do people stick a he is so poor that call that they played on the promos for the Marlins at the miracle. They sold any season tickets.
The Marlins win the world series, the world champions, holy cow. You know, I mean, that was pathetic. Now if the booster be on or doing a whole game, then I'd say now we're talking.
I saw a big piece in the paper, very jackass had a thing on Tommy Hutton. Tommy Hutton is good. He doesn't do the play by play on TV. He doesn't color. He's very good. Yeah, he's pretty good. Can we agree on that?
And who's the guy that doesn't on TV? Do we even know his name? Yeah, Len Casper. Who? Len Casper. Oh, you speakin' Milwaukee. Is he friendly? Yeah, really nice guy.
27 past 11 at 560 WQM if you're in a dead end job like the beast, who's just barely making enough to keep up the caloric intake every day.
If you're underpaid and overworked, maybe you'd like to have yourself a new high paying career, but you just don't have four years to waste on college or the cash it takes to go to college for four years.
If this sounds like your situation, then you ought to call our friends at fast train seriously, even though it's a top record count.
Call them at 1-866 fast train because these people can have you trained and certified for a great high paying computer network professional career and they can do it in just four short months.
That's true. You can be fully traded ready for that new career in just four short months time.
So let's see, it's early April, May, June, July, Augusto. You can do it by August. By the end of the summer, fast train offered job placement assistants have financial aid to people who qualify.
They've got seven convenient floor locations. So there's bound to be one fairly close by where you live.
So if you'd like to change your life, if you'd like to get yourself some skills, which will turn into a big computer career and a big paycheck that goes along with it, make that one easy call or really can do it for you.
Call 1-866 fast train. You can be on your way to that great career.
Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com and then when you do make the call, be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck told you to call.
They always get a big chuckle out of that. Call 1-866 fast train.
Line and local. We're sports radio five 60s. You a few a.m.
My shoes.
It's going to be like now.
Yeah.
Yes, I really would rather have a human do it with all new Cuban engineering that converts a boat of a car and so a boat.
Arrived on shore, luxurious Lee and a real Duke in the with tail fins high enough to sell you across the lanes and into the sea as if it loads.
I'm a 33 and it's interesting that the now show that was on the slasphright that I talked about before the interview with Bill Morris.
Now you just the facts. Oh, by the way of these don't fax me those squiggly handwriting. See the only reason these sending in those facts is because he realized George's on vacation, which mid-Candet immediately.
The one that's labeled Pete or whatever the name is this week who's usually Jerry or a Ted or Tommy or Andrew somebody else.
Got it. Got it.
PBS pressure to cancel moyers now.
Media channels Danny Schechter writes from the digital independence conference in San Francisco, whatever that is.
They did the DIC or we can't say that.
The Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy reports that PBS is under extreme pressure to cancel the Bill Morris program now.
Oh, unless we wake up to this and rally behind the program now will soon become then George W. Bush's name to make your Republican donors to the nine member board of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, including Cheryl Halperner supports giving CPP board members the authority to intervene in program content and gay heart gains and art and supporter of representative Newt Gingrich, who is House Speaker 94 proposed cutting off federal assistant to public TV.
Contact your local PBS station to express support for Bill Morris now says this a piece.
How do you like that? So again, they're trying to like stack the deck. They want all right, weighing all day. If it was up to them, you get nothing but Fox News on your TV.
You use 24 seven on every channel and you get nothing but cheap channel stations 24 seven, including mostly rush and that crap.
Unbelievable. Don't forget the lovely, the kinky Natasha, what's her name? Kinski, which Vista has no idea who that is. I checked her. I know she is now.
She's a model. She's got fairly moderately. Huh? I've seen it before and now she's old. But anyway, she's behind to be to the crew today. I'm really not sure why. How much do you care?
Care about the Marlins is what our pool, but it's opening Daniel. Don't be on our parade. See?
See what you get exactly. God's punishing me. I'm choking on my soda. Went down the wrong tube.
232 votes, not at all zero, not a bit 90 38.7%. Almost 40%. We just don't care. But a little bit 58, a little, a little bit like I watch a couple of things here.
You know, I'll listen to Dave Ann Boring until he puts me into a coma. In fact, when we get the late night games when a Marlins plan on West Coast, it's always really great because if you're in Insomniac, you can turn on your radio.
And just lie there and hear the dulcet tones of Dave Ann Boring. And before you know, you'll be in a decoma.
How come you guys let him off the hook? Everybody else on the station? What is he got naked pictures?
No, nothing at all. I'm listening. Why? Look at you're so not... I can't deal with you. You are so freaking non-committal when you're doing it for George. You sit there, you say nothing.
I have to keep pleading off the air. You're the biggest big mouth in that whole building. Am I right Miguel? I see the biggest big mouth.
The biggest. If you look up uncontrollable yenta in the dictionary, your picture is next to it. Your big fat push.
But on the air, oh, well, come on, spit it out. I'll have to admit, the World Series call. Not good.
I'm not talking about the World Series. I'm talking about as a broadcaster who's supposed to make the games exciting to simulate some interest in the team.
I'll take food. That wasn't my question. I'm going to sit here until I get an answer out of you. I'm going to squeeze it out like a... like a... you're a human zit.
I'm going to squeeze it out of your fat ass. What's your honest opinion of Dave Van... I don't even know what his real name is. Dave Van Horn.
Dave Van Horn. Yeah. I know what his name is. What's your honest opinion? My honest opinion? Yes. I'm...
Do you want me to spell that? H-O-N-E-S-T-O-P-I-N-O-N. Opinion. What's your honest opinion, senior? That's a big fan.
And what's the reason for that? I just don't like his style, which is boring. You just don't want to say it, do you?
Slow. He is coma-inducing. He's about as exciting as listening to milk to paint dry. He's listening to milk curl. Am I right?
Where are you going, Beast?
Am I right? Yes, you're right. Okay. Well, why did I have to squeeze that audio? Why... why are you so reluctant?
You're not reluctant to... the only other person you won't knock is Zagaki. That's because you suck up them for those UN games you do.
Even though you don't... you know that he's... at least Zagaki. I mean, I don't know Dave Van Horn. He might be a nice guy too. I have no idea. I know. David... David Van Horn.
We're not personal. It's business, okay? That I was wrong with you. Zagaki, for example, Mo, what do you think of Mo's job on the dolphin games?
I... it does a pretty decent job. Decent job. Decent job. As opposed to like Bill Zimper. What did you like better? Bill Zimper or a Mo-Hawar David?
Bill Zimper. Mark Vandermeer or Mo-Hawar David?
Mark Vandermeer. See? See how easy that one? Yeah. You're thinking of a very personal. Yeah, see? Taking a very personal.
I think... I think that there's something going on with Dave Van Horn that we... I don't know about. Must be. He does have a hot wife.
Well, you're not getting any of it. You're not getting anywhere near it. Not even getting within sniffing distance from what I'm hearing.
Five, six... well, you are just impossible, man. If you would just... if you would just let it out. If you would say the stuff on the ear that you say off the ear,
you might actually be somewhat entertaining. You know, it's the qualifier there, somewhat entertaining. Yeah. WQM, hello.
QAM. Hello, Mew. Yes, sir. I'd like to add, uh, Aqua Fresh with fluoride, your fault.
Alright. Excellent. WQM, hello. Hey, Neal, how you doing? Pretty good.
You know, I've been listening to you for a long time and, you know, I remember when you first started, you know, like, gagging style,
I know it came out in the 70s and stuff and it was dead and nobody was doing it. You started talking about it and it was nationwide.
I mean, eventually everybody started doing it. The bulk of burgers, stuff like that. So just, you know, be patient.
And I know what everything's going to work out for you. Be patient with what? Well, I mean, you know, because talking about people sending them money for the, you know,
that's the only way that's history. It's done. It's done. What you quitting? It's done. Oh, you got the 30 grand. No, no, it's done. We're not going to do it because we aren't going to get to 30 grand.
We could keep a gold for the next 10 years. We're not going to get to 30 grand. In addition to which the guy that's doing it, we don't even know what his last name is.
I'm not going to raise money because of the anonymous guy. It wants to stay in a broom closet somewhere. Oh, I'm sorry.
I just, I don't wait 15 minutes ago. So I didn't even catch all that. Alright, Neal, I love you. Okay, thanks, Kelly.
No, we're, we dumped that. It's not going to do it. You're giving up the people. People like you said, Oh, you gave up you threw in the towel. That's right. I did throw it on the, I gave it my best shot. It's not going to happen. I don't have the support. It's not going to happen. We got many people even right there inside the building.
The sales people, did they give any money? Most of the people on the air except for one or two. No. No. And by the way, here's a good example for him doing this next break here. I don't have the copy that I asked you for like two hours ago. I cannot find him.
I have no copy whatsoever. I know that tonight's the last free spaghetti dinner of the season at Pompe no Park and that Pompe no Park is racing now all year round, which is very exciting news. The best harness racing. You'll see anywhere in Florida, because it's the only harness racing in Florida, but nevertheless.
So tonight at Pompe no Park, if you buy a program for a nice racing card for two and a half bucks, you get a coupon good for that free spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor. What's not to like? You get to play the spaghetti, you get to mirror and erase us, you get rolls and butter, and you get a big kiss from whoever's up there in the fourth floor.
I have no copy here, man. Do it.
No, that's not the point. Where is twice record? Where Steve? Well, what is happening? Is everybody on vacation? Is it like Easter in the pace off? She is a Scott almighty, man. It's really brutal. It's really something. I feel like I'm been abandoned like a like a like a stepchild. There is no one back there, by the way.
In the sales office. Why is that? Is today Easter Monday? I guess. I mean, I know about good Friday and bad Friday and ask Wednesday.
It is not it is not pace off. It's not pace off till sundown tonight, Mr. Jew. They took off early. What's wrong with you? God, they took off every day's a holiday of Q.A. But anyway, Pompe no Park, you know, Simon casting every day seven days a week.
You got your poker room starts at noon goes on the midnight every live racing day, which is Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. And like I said, the freest, forgetting dinner at Pompe no Park tonight.
So last one of the season, that's what Dick Feinberg is threatening. So if you want to go up there, have a great time. Plunge your guts out on the racing which starts at 705. Say how to fat rich and joy of freest, forget it. If you buy program tonight at Pompe no Park, Atlantic and power line. Be there and lose your guts.
My life and love. This is for 205 city.
You weigh in.
The campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman presidential campaign.
Exactly. Happy pace off. 1145. Whatever the hell that is. Oh, but it was with me. Huh? Thanks. Can you?
You keep track all of the two holidays, by the way? No. Just the ones that involve food. You don't know Simcluster from from circus from Shavuas. Huh?
Just the ones that involve food like Passover course, which involves not very good food, as a matter of fact, although beast is probably in some pacidic candy is the juice. Say, I'm not sure why.
See, we're too controlled man. We are too controlled by old tradition, by old bull crap. Why don't we just remove the shackles from our brains and our arms? Why not do it beast? Okay?
Okay. I want to just skip the saturday night. I'm not going to one good. I bet you we got some other Jews net building running to say tonight. Just this used to drink a lot of wine.
A little bit of a monster past the man of shavots. And what else do you then pay saw? I forgot. You get the murros and the.
The what the. I thought he was dead horse radish. Horse radish on your gefilter face. Yeah. Yeah. And you have to hold saturday play going with what's on it?
The saturday played boy, you are a said man. You've been hanging around the too long in that place. Mr. sports. Paul says your evidence may have been wrong. Oh my god.
The secretary of state Roland Cole and Paul conceded Friday. Evidence he presented to the you win the two trailers in a rack were used for weapons of mass destruction may have been wrong. Oh my god.
He lied. He was he was misled. He was led down to garden path. This is the same guy that said before he finally was coerced into reading that speech in front of the you win. He threw the paper up in here and said I'm not going to read this bullshit. Remember that?
You don't remember hearing about that. That's right has nothing to do with ball games. I'm sorry. Yeah. Of course. In an airborne news conference on the way home from NATO talks in Brussels. Paul said he had been given solid information about the trailers that he told the secretary of council in February 2003 were designed for making biological weapons. And you know what that turned out to be it turned out to be much a trailer trash.
Because now Paul says it appears not to be the case that it was solid that it was that solid. In other words, it didn't happen. He said he hoped the intelligence commission appointed by president Bush to investigate pre war intelligence on Iraq were look into these matters to see whether or not the intelligence agency had a basis for the confidence that they placed in the intelligence at that time. It's like that uranium that they bought a Niger but they didn't at that time. There was a big love BS.
I mean all of these things that are going on right now and the thing that we went through the impeachment proceedings based on a bubble getting a few bj's which can we say that a few j's not another thing I said OJ.
We went through an impeachment process or whatever but here we got this long. I mean this laundry list that's as long as your arm all the way to your fat armpit there.
And only John Dean says time to impeach this a lying piece of crap right nice going John.
They don't have to fear that America will will turn and run right that's the problem will be there for next the 50 years it's worth it.
That's what the George would say if he was there. How the marlins doing 303 votes how much do you care about the marlins we love our marlins there just a best.
Come on let's go. I'm in the hallway during the break. Duff was all pumped up for opening day. Duff's an idiot because he said it's he said every team has a chance.
Duff is a pansy. Okay. Duff is a spineless wimpy pansy. Okay. Forget about her. She's small potatoes. What's he going to say? You do you think he's really a baseball fan? I think he is. Yeah. I think half of that word maybe.
And he's way off base. How much do you care about about the marlins 303 votes Detroit Stratford by the way come bring the copy in no no he's probably not he's probably not even in the building. No he's not in fact.
In fact anybody who's listening it just put this down as a radio accident because we're not really here today. We're on a busman's holiday like everybody else for the juice last show go you should holidays.
Don't tell me that it's because of the crucifixion in the state of that that's bull crap. It's all being what do we got you got all this crap you've had to go out and buy you got to buy the man of show it's wine and the matsu which is nothing but it tastes like crap. It's got no taste. Don't forget that.
It's like eating cardboard right. Borscht. Borscht which is oh my god only old Jews eat that.
Hard no legs. Oh fat. And then they go and they got the Easter candy and the Easter eggs and all this so it's for commerce just like Christmas in Hanukkah.
Go out and give some gifts every day. See the go and they got their Christmas you give a Christmas gift but the Jews outdo them to show how much better businessmen we are.
We got to give a gift every single day of Hanukkah right. Yep. Every day. One other day that way. That's the idea.
To pump up business. You can't get the answer. It's got anything to do with religion anymore. It's all it's all business.
Anyway, how much you care about the marlins not at all zero not a hundred eleven. That's the correct answer by the way.
36% a little bit 79. Of course I didn't say what a little bit is. I'm trying to leave that open. See a little bit like I might listen to a picture too. Especially if Boog's doing a game.
I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 75 and a lot. I'm a big fan honest 45 14 and a half percent. I love those marlins man. They love that Mike Lowell and Brad Penny and Francisco Arruca and old Jack McKee and then a whole bunch of go. They love them all right.
I got a few names in here. Let's see a Don Trell the Howard Don Trell who else don't say it.
AJ Burnett AJ Dewey was got my name Miguel Cabrera. Joshua Beckett see Mr. Marlin Josh in there which should we also got a Miguel so we got Josh Beckett and Miguel Cabrera.
How do you like that you best friend Jeff.
Co 9. Co 9. See that's the Marlins for you right there in a nutshell. We don't have that old fart. I was their opening day.
Who is the old Nuckelball or Charlie Huff member there. Yeah opening day to Marlins. I actually was a fan until I just decided how boring baseball wasn't about how greedy these guys all are and then when Payrod got the 25 been in your life at that point I said okay. That's it. I've had it. Bye bye. You're an American.
No I'm not. I'm American more and more people would agree with me. In fact both of you agree with me that baseball is boring. You both agree with me.
No we did not say no. You had you had you did you play the tape back. You both said that it's boring and that's why you can't say that.
You can rarely sit through an entire game. That doesn't mean it's boring.
Oh so why can't you say what he says the he be GV's is that it. I mean there's no way for the table. Maybe you can smell a Kentucky fried in the other room. What's the excuse Mr.
There's so much time in between pitches you can flip. There's so much time in between pitches which makes it.
There's no barbecue. There's no beer. It's not from the picture. He gets the ball back from the catcher and he stands there and now he's rubbing the ball.
Can I still say that he's rubbing the right and then maybe he's even rubbing his own. Yeah maybe that too. That's why duck likes watching. That's what he wants to see. Do you kidding.
Yeah hockey sports fan my ass okay. See that's another thing about the suck holes we got working on that station.
You got to you got to pretend to be that that's one thing I'll say for little George okay because he's a hard ass and usually when he's on vacation I rip his ass but I'll stand up for him on his. He doesn't care about sports. He's not going to pretend that he does.
He's like a girl. What is it? He throws like a girl. No you got to confuse with death now.
He doesn't care about sports and he's not going to put on and I can pretend like duck for example or some of the other people that are building who are not sports fans at all but because it's part of this Greg read this mental illness that he has that he suffers from it's so sad.
And so Greg is about to himself with these these jock sniffers like screw in who wants to sniff OJ's jockstack from back in those Buffalo bills days you know oh give me a good real old rancid one you know.
That's what we got Gary Sarner. That's all he knows from yeah sports nerd sports.
He's people don't know from anything else. I mean their kids dying in Iraq every day blood bats they're headed just like Moad issue all over again they're destroying their ripping the bodies apart the flesh it's disgusting they're hanging them from the bridges.
There's a blood bath going on over there and now they say oh well we need more troops see how many more this sounds just like Vietnam all over again man it has that same aroma of burning flesh.
Nasty and we got people in a building where Thomas was supposed to be pumped up because it's Marlon's open and they're the Marlins can kiss my fat ass okay that's my opinion on that's my take.
All this begging and begging oh you got to build a system we already built Wayne a nice bigger we know they're in Broward we got a decent team you got to play off team.
No you realize beast that that team of both of you yeah that team has made the playoffs how many times in its existence.
Give me a quick answer more than three more than two less than four that is absolutely absolutely correct.
The big year when they won the wall away to the finals and got swept by Colorado that was the great year that was the only thing that kept the franchise in town and built way that's arena he stepped into a bucket of stuff again like he always does.
Then it was the year that they played the Rangers and they lost in seven and then it was the year they played when they had the great team with Buray and Whitney and Melon be all those guys and they got the swept by New Jersey for straight.
So if the last 12 playoff games they've played and they've only played in the playoffs three times in the entire team existence they've won one and lost 11.
Not an impressive record not something that should inspire people to continue paying those gigantic prices to come there.
See what I'm saying. I follow. I'm gonna hear Gildey saying oh well this team needs some defense but now they got the money they got the money to get the money remember how they were going to spend the $10 million from a pop L.
Buray. Yeah, what's that? Do they spend it? No because they're lou they're drowning in a sea of red ink and Alan Cohen you can keep making you can keep making up phony attendance numbers all you want especially when Gary Bettman's in the crowd.
You're not fooling anybody. We have a choice for exciting. Yeah well what's his story?
What's he doing is he busy concerning with scroan again? He just stuck his head in now he's heading back to get the copy I guess.
He stuck his head in where? Oh don't even say it. Not under the current conditions. I had a great line for that but back in the day I would have said it.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM where we used to be very amusing now we're just like kind of like I'm low cook.
Where I'm simmer okay we're just simmering. Simmer? Hey if you're by you know do you need carrot simmous on the pay soft to is that something?
I hate that you like that I like that. Yeah I'll tell you what I do love is potato cool don't you? Oh man potato kugel that is the best potato pancakes.
Yeah no let's see is potato pancakes now is that the Hanukkah I think you need those year round. No no but that come on when you quit being so good.
Hanukkah yes Hanukkah when you start to pick Hanukkah man. Yeah with it. Hey listen speaking of food and fat slabs like me in the beast.
If you want the best tasting big selection of low carb foods it had for a great store called the lights of West Boka.
Whether you're starting out or restarting the addkins the scackens the sugar mustard the soft beech already low carb sugar free diet.
The lights of West Boka has always been the number one low carb store in the universe and for good reason because they got over 1200 low carb products from which to choose including breads and bagels.
Cookies and crackers chips and brownies for audio brownie hounds chocolates carbolite ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheesecakes and so much more.
Those cheesecakes are good by the way ever had the addkins cheesecakes.
He left he left yeah well what what does that mean he left he's not sitting there no longer.
So don't forget if it's he is he is useless seriously he's as useless as a dingle berries.
If it's new and great tasting the lights I'll have it for a throw up and every day seven days away from 10 to 10 you can always try and think of the store before you bite.
They've got a friendly knowledgeable staff and they carry the most complete line of the addkins brands products are on sale today all day every day even on show.
Voice the lights of West Boka they're on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to prestigious Boston market column tool free at 1 877 low carb LOW
C.A.R.B.R. on the web low carb dot com don't forget there's only one deal lights of West Boka's official addkins retail center.
My life and look this is for 305 S.I.C.E.
Way to A.M.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
All the things that say it now that every said jamming to the f***ing thing you see when in through a bit all the things that say nothing every said can be giving me
And John is that that's the answer you said we have had enough
We have had enough
We're in serious s*** freedom totally lost if I say couple c*** I am totally f***ing talk radio has one out of luck
Because the F.C.C. is from my
I keep asking myself wondering how it goes to show their
And guys can see what the Hemp big the stars should just throw in the town the F.C.C. is from my Michael Pound
This is the s*** of Colin's town all the things that say nothing every said jamming to the f***ing thing you see when in through a bit all the things that say nothing every said can be
And John is that F.C.C. is that we have had enough
Absolutely
We have had enough
Come on to it by the way speaking of your good buddy there with a bad muskrat on his head is he back in there the beast yeah right here speaking of your good pies on in a morning that the schmuck
When Joe Mark got fired his response was well I'm glad to see the F.C.C. is finally cracking down on this smuck that was his response
Mr. how deep can I stab it how deep would you like me to stick the shiv anyway miss Fudge says three university of Maryland students are facing discipline reaction for shouting questions and comments at the vice president's wife Lynn Cheney the Washington Post is reporting its today's additions
There was no open microphone to Cheney's February 29th appearance and guests have been told to submit questions for in writing
Instead two of the students called out their questions one on gay marriage the other on slave reparations a third student loudly on a day of vulgarity in response to one of Cheney's answers
Two of the students said they've been accused of this certainly or disruptive conduct on a university policy designed to protect the rights of speakers from being shut it off stage or drowned out by contentious audience members
The students said that they weren't disrupting Cheney's speech they were just asking questions and their cases drawn the scrutiny of civil liberties advocates who say the university's action and fringes on the students right to free speech what the university officials appear to have done appears not only to be in violation of their own speech code but also the first amendment what's that the first amendment
Huh says Susan Gehring no relation to Hermann Gehring but spelled the same way executive director Maryland's ACLU all of these guys were just speaking out of turn Cheney's speech was a per se span and CNN certainly not news if that's something
Something she and Muslims erupted bang dad and a job and the meat had to got a search word out for the big mishqia hoved it I got a search word out for the big guy the one that gave the order they said don't ever give an order like that again oh speaking of Len Cheney a publisher is canceled plans to reshoot a racing novel by Len Cheney wife of ice president Dick Cheney after she said the book did not represent her best work you didn't dump that now did you no no don't you dump anything in fact in your case maybe
Go take one by the way Josh Josh is here Miguel's gone well thank God for that now Miguel's okay Miguel was good today for a chance was because you were so bad you were pathetic now you're gonna put you up this last day
We only got two hours tomorrow try to save your aim material for 10 to noon tomorrow not after we're not about the ball games on all right we got the marlins on deck at the 1245 Marva the good news is we got real excitement we got old penis face
Joe Zagaki in new to 1245 at pp park tomorrow to get the build build up for opening day it's opening day don't you understand what that means Neil it's awesome with you but why couldn't you say the day van horse stuff until Josh got here maybe Josh would like to comment about
the van boring I don't have anything to say I'm it's a good guy I'm talking about his performance on the air as a baseball broadcast you don't start out like this little
simple and tough of crap you got sitting across from you now what's your opinion on Dave and boring as a broadcaster he's been doing it a long time no
I don't need a chronology I don't need a lesson he was in Montreal doing the games on the internet for crying out nobody would even put him on the air he's all right fine now you're lying what am I
the lie oh meter has never exploded the way it just did there like that you're just lying to your teeth why are you doing that I'm not realize I realize you they're making 15 cents an hour and I
notice also you're starting to talk to your teeth lately are you trying to be what's the guys name the Eric that does the heat games what's his name Eric read Eric read you trying to
like emulate him I don't even know that is what you're talking through your teeth now who that is is who knows what he's going to be he's talking through his teeth he's he wants to be a
broadcasting I started to receive don't do that welcome to the QM School of Broadcasting live on the air folks all right we're trying to put to be stuff a little bit
I'm as well try and him it didn't work on Duffer clearance anyway speaking of a Lynn Chaney and her Dijk novels new American library an imprint of penguin group was
going to reprint sisters a historical romance published in 81 that includes includes brawls attempted rapes and a lesbian love affair oh my
we felt interest was growing because it was an election year we decided it could be a timely books that lives plural executive director publicity at new
American library she told the AP on Friday library and of course Dijk's are in now but according to Chaney's attorney Robert Barnett she did not even know about the
reissue till receiving cause last week from the media Barnett then contacted the contact of the publisher which agreed this week to pull the novel I told him she didn't
think the book was her best work said Barnett who represents numerous politically this including a Bubba in the Hillary if there's a series
demand for this 25 year old book I'm confident America's youth bookstores will be able to satisfy Barnett said how do you like that she doesn't want
the book coming back out again because it's an election year and she wrote a bunch of Dijk stuff in there and she's got a
daughter that's a Dijk and her husband's a freaking liar who said a couple years ago back in 2000 during the campaign he
thinks people ought to be able to marry whoever they want to marry in the audio audio and again get involved in any kind of
relationships they want because he's got a Dijk daughter but now that the L president is
handling hysterically to the religious right to the bigotry of America well not as it Chaney says he'll support that
constitutional moment after all so that's why Lynn Chaney is trying to cover up her Dijk novel from 23 years ago
like quite frankly Dijk's weren't anywhere near as much in as they are right now were they no
how do you like that I like that fascism man you can hear them boots at least there's a little bit of
the pressure relief now that Miguel got out of there with that the that whole exile thing wow it's so
sad he's really a good guy but he just he doesn't have any ability he is the classic example of a brainwashed
human being right there am I right yeah that's all that's all he knows that's all he knows the
beginning the end everything in the middle is Fidel Fidel Fidel to a hell with Fidel Castro
this Castro that communist and that's it communist derives with the Tista
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line last time I checked by the way
but Tista was a fascist he wasn't a leftist he was a fascist like we've had in Washington right now
well there's Condoleezza a police a Condoleezza have you liked that story about the fact that they
forced her to testify that the head of the 9-11 commission was going to put those pictures out in
the spread of on every front page of every newspaper how about that yeah all of a sudden oh guess what
we decided to be a good idea to have Condoleezza testify publicly we decided it would be really good
what is there's precedence now mm-hmm WQM hello QAM nobody there online for pretty sad
response here man we're trying to get everybody whipped up about that Marlon game tomorrow about
opening day and about Dave Ann Boring what a great job he does in his Marlon game 56705 60 he's the
Teflon broadcaster that must be it with him is if there's something I'm missing here because anybody
else they just rip them and ask they have no compulsion what are there no problem at all just rip
rip rip rip rip rip but with this guy it's like oh no you're wrong you know he's an excellent broadcaster
even a rumor said that because I think I think Dave Van Boring's got naked pictures of a rumor
from his days of Montreal doing the Canadian games I think he's got naked pictures of rumor and a moose
WQM hello hello yes sir hey I just want to say I've been calling for 50 minutes now okay
this is my 42nd phone call because I've counted them right with a phone rings 30 to 40 times and you
can get this continued right right exactly 40 phone calls and finally somebody picks up the phone
when somebody picks up the phone you're on here right now we don't we're doing screenless man you
better get with it you're running in the phone yeah all right well now that you're on what do you
want to tell me oh Neil I'm sorry I thought I didn't realize this was you wait in
the end of the way you're gonna bitch out the Josh there yeah I mean I'm gonna kick him
big and big and he's an hour and you're gonna bitch him out because he didn't pick a phone up
so we're doing this come on it's a holiday man B.S. the paper all right all right
all right for 10 you're not in for 10 you're not in South Florida being nice person today all right
I take it back I'm gonna be one of the few guys is gonna rip your body book good go ahead oh boy
I mean yeah I mean he's the most listen you can say whatever you want this is America man until I
don't work it you can say whatever you want okay here's the most vanilla him I mean
the big scully Kim McCaw the one of the other perfect game it's 12.33
oh yeah he knows and Sandy co-facts has just picked a perfect guy wow he wow he cut
I think the book is it the book is a lot more animated than Vince scully come on well but he I
mean I mean if I hear he cuts and misses and it's not the bottom of the second it's the bottom
half of inning number two oh he doesn't really see that and I'm telling you I hope he
I don't really know because I don't listen to the Marlin games I mean I hear the clips that we play
oh it's unbelievable and I hope he's the coach who you have contract with the Marlins
where he gets paid by the word well let me let me get the million here what about Dave Van Booring
what about you think about him I don't know I like Len Casper and I'm asking him see here's
another I don't listen to on the radio I don't you know Dave Van one doesn't bother me
I don't listen to what I'm a radio then how do you know that boog is a word him I've heard him he
doesn't bother me okay well nice job there Josh you let him call 42 times before it picked up
the phone because you knew that guy was gonna rip our good friend book and you're okay I'll not
to like boog but first see I don't understand it he doesn't like boob but when I ask him about
Dave Van Booring see does listen to the games on the radio there there's something going on
there man I'm not really there is something going that I'm not getting to I think when we finish
with the 9-11 investigation and when we finish investigating the FCC we need to investigate the
Dave Van Booring factory you know there's something he must have naked pictures everybody in town he's
got to have I want to see wow it's a 12 13 at 5 60 WQM you know what the deal is it's so cold here
that I actually have my clothes on today this is the first time I've done my show not sitting in my
underwear in a long time and I feel much better this way I'm gonna have my clothes on every day
I feel like I'm really at work you know as opposed to sitting around with my underwear on it's
disgusting right I'm in my underwear here and you might as well be anyway if you're in a dead
and job like both the people sitting in that studio right now if you're underpainting overworked
how many do you like to change that how do you like to get yourself a new high-paying career but
you don't have four years to waste on college and certainly don't have the tuition cost which is
an arm and four legs if this sounds like your situation and we want you to call our friends at
fast train because these people honestly and truly can have you trained and certified for a brand
new high-paying computer network professional career and the best part of the whole deal is they
can do it in just four short months that's true you can be fully trained already for that new
career in just four easy short months it's a piece of cake fast train offers day evening we
can classes to fit around your schedule they offer job placement assistance and financially the
people to qualify to seven convenience of load a location so what's not to like this about to be
one nearby where you live so don't delay if you really want to turn your life around change it
and get yourself a real career in a big fat paycheck that goes along with having those skills
just make that one easy call or really could be the call it changes your life entirely check them
out on the web at fast train.com and then pick up your instrument and call 1 866 fast train
don't delay column today 1 866 fast train
local this is 516 the radius of yours
I love to watch boobs and butts and boinking
oh my god
slow down I see a cop about to make a traffic stop
I've got the high plastic bag can't let him see I'm smoking to be
but I'm smoking to be
hello officer did I turn wrong no that's definitely not my fun
ain't there's somewhere you can set me free all I was doing was smoking to be
I got lots of records but not with the police I'm high as a kite and I've got the
munchies let's go to dunk and don't I'm so sick and we please that's what you get to
smoke and to be
285 60 wq I am 422 votes we got another category to add to the pool Josh now that you're there
what do we got to handle it yeah I got it what do you got
boy he I tell you one thing Wayne you people are really a little on the
persiccody side it yeah I can handle it what do you got
I'm a baseball I'm a baseball fan but out of Marlins fan see this is a whole different
dimension of this question right in other words there might be people who are like Yankee fans
got forbid or Red Sox fans beast I know why don't you admit it you're Red Sox fan you don't
care about the Marlins I like the Marlins but I am a Red Sox fan you like the Marlins no conflict
they're in less than one series of fans yeah and if the Marlins played the Red Sox in a
World Series I'd reach for the Red Sox okay well it's just like me and the Leafs I'm a Panther
fan but I'm much much much much much much more of a Leafs fan and if Leafs and a Panthers are
playing in a playoffs if the Panthers ever make the playoffs which I doubt but if that happened
to be I'd certainly be like when the Leafs playing the regular season no yeah we see you in that
Leafs jacket deal good I'm real happy for you Leafs number four seeding the conference
doing just fine thank you one of the last two games with shutouts nice going Eddie
shutting out Buffalo two nothing right there in Buffalo and then whipping those one thing about
Ottawa I don't want to get hockey intensive have you noticed when it gets to when it gets to be
crunch time when it's the big game Ottawa folds up like an accordion you ever notice that yeah
they really suck and anyway I hate to break the bad news to be you realize you have to play
in the first round of the playoffs your Bruins Marlwell Marlwell which they have a long set history
of the Montfoyle of kicking Bruins ass in the playoffs I know I really expected too and watch out
for that Josie Theodore man she is really tough how much do you care about the Marlins we're adding
on them a baseball fan but not a Marlins fan however you want to put that on there we'll wait
till we get the new one on there I should end up in the beginning because I'm sure that we have
other people who are you know they're excited about the Cubs fans right the Braves fans like Mo
tends to be a Marlins fan but see I don't understand how you can be a fan of two teams in the same
division that makes no sense I mean how can you be a Braves fan and a Marlins fan and say well
I wrote for the Marlins a step on their plan of Braves but they're competing with each other in
the division well he's a Jets and a Dolphin fan no he's not he's a Jets fan oh right his whole
as whole family where his Jets perifinated at the Dolphin game and people hate them for that
and rightfully so it's graceful I mean cut the umbilical cord William O you are so full of all the
18 team for Riser Marlotte Ted Kennedy on Larry King tonight on the Kingmeister I just mentioned
that don't you just love Ted Kennedy what you want to be in for Boston I voted for him there you go
Uncle Teddy well he's so liberal yeah he's the he's the one liberal who isn't ashamed you know the
right wingers have made the word liberal a dirty word over the last many years Ted Kennedy is the
one liberal is not afraid to say it that's right he's gonna kick some ass on the air fact I'd
like to see him kick Larry's ass tonight just start stabbing his suspenders deadly fun WDQA and hello
QAM not there 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the y I guess all the enthusiasm about this Marlon thing is
all gone huh and they won't they won't comment about Dave Van Borg because they probably don't
even know who he is he's he's like a non-descript you know what I mean non-descript now when Joe
Angel was doing a game you know who Joe Angel was because he's got his own very distinctive style sure
brothers are in the wind column Dave O'Brien Dave O'Brien to me and I'm so glad to see that he's
like basically vanished you know he does the ESPN stuff he here wants it a blue moon because
there's a guy that was so arrogant and had such a big ego and then they he got them to squeeze out
Joe Angel and fire his ass and then he he high tails it off the ESPN yep after they fired
Jo Angel to make him the big superstar for the Marlon Broadcasting and he leaves and goes to ESPN
he's a you know he reminds me of yeah he's a cookie cutter announcer he's generic it's just like
the stadiums that they built the three rivers and Riverfront of the ones that all look the same
then that's him the cookie cutter renounces they all sound the same it is high and
outside of all all those guys that graduate from Syracuse they're like programmed like Bob
Costas like Gildi here's line nine QAM hello what was it what do you mumble never mind
now that was him though that was the nut shop WQM hello I want to go WQM hello
yeah WQM yes sir yes Neil is looking for Paul's idea about everyone about everyone if you can
delete organs you know like liver heart lungs yeah we got an organ you can donate
I think you just did not I think you just did he gave us asked to the world right there on the phone
if you could donate an organ which one it'd be rectum and the beast case man what a donation
of mankind that would be they would honor you by the pound five six seven over now let's see
what's this uh fax here it says your pull is not a fair representation people like sports and I
listening to you well not isn't that interesting Marlon says people like sports and I
listening to you neither are they participating in your pull well what's your story Marlon how come
you're listening mr sports nerd must have been a radio accident again you're sure it's not a
sports show to which I say thank god thank god for that if there's anything worse than a sports
talk show man I can't think of what it is maybe terminal maybe terminal cancer but I'm not sure
it's a close battle couldn't you just do it once just a sports no no no see now now Clarence
must be feeding your lines again huh and always feeding you something sports okay let's see now
how much do you care about the Marlon and you know something see this isn't a fair representation
this is a representative representation of the general public that's the idea if you ask the sports
their question it's like it would be like asking a bunch of people who are on a website that's all
about the Britney Spears okay well do you like Britney Spears see yeah or does that make any sense
to you no of course not how much do you care about the Marlon's not at all zero not a 149 there's the blue
uh
aren't you excited about the blue day
percent hd only on Roger's digital cable see I haven't got my digital cable deal going up here
not at all zero 149 that's a third 100 that's 33.1 percent of this audience you turn a little bit
117 I'm a fan I'll go to a few games 115 a lot I'm a huge fan honest 66 we believe you
14 and a half percent and I'm a baseball fan but not a Marlon's fan only three so far now that's
just went up there but that's not like a whole lot now maybe some of those other people might have
voted that if it wouldn't have been for Josh coming in late see if Josh would have come in on time
he would have thought of that and said you know you didn't put it on air fat so he didn't put this
on it but Josh was busy his apartment was burning down or something like that yeah something like
that what was it uh I had to get the rent uh rent in you had to pay your rent
yeah basically well you do that in person today is the fifth so I had to yeah drop it off at his
house yeah oh my god what a schlepper man why didn't you tell George before we left for vacation
he had taken care of it for you 5 6 7 open now what is this that you just dissent me here this
looks better than excellent check it out three days and two nights what what is this is this is
is this an ad oh this is an ad I just got on my face I said you you what I didn't send it to you
no it's an ad that I just got a fabulous mini vacation in Collingwood just 90 minutes north of
Toronto and heart of Ontario's four season vacation wonderland sounds pretty good hey these ads
you get on the facts they just won't leave you alone no matter where you are I bet you even in
prison they probably have like you can't make phone calls from yourself but they'll make an
exception if it's a solicitor you know five six seven oh five sixty we got the mad dog at
till we got Joe Zagaki at four for which we apologize profusely in advance for the Hebrew hammer
who's doing a final four crap uh Joe will be a sure to stay two Miami Lakes seven o'clock at
Syracone Highline are you participating that who does that show Joe is doing it today I do it
sometimes you really do the show yeah well I hope you're more animated and that's more than you
are today the big eight o'clock any K at 10 and then overnight we just sign off
it's
He's strong, medication.
I go into the head.
Brushes a chunky head.
You get it?
Oh, I was medication.
Or my back hair.
I shop for that.
Now this five thousand bills a day.
I tell you, build six things.
I pull from the way.
Brushes a chunky head.
Brushes a chunky head.
What the thought?
What the thought?
What the thought?
It brings me down.
It will show a lot better than Bill Tauer.
I got so high that I would float.
So we have at least one tone firmly.
Brushes a chunky head.
Brushes a chunky head.
I'm off to the main star.
All right.
233 in speaking of that.
Rush Limbaugh may be a flashpoint.
It inflamed the opinion and rhetoric.
But it's the dry 20-minute court appearances attorney will make this week that matters most.
Limbaugh's attorney Roy Black will argue Wednesday before the fourth district court of appeals in West Palm Beach.
The Limbaugh's medical records were seized illegally and should be returned to him.
The appellate's court's ruling could be an end to a possible criminal case against Limbaugh or a beginning.
All right.
Without Limbaugh's medical records, prosecutors may have nothing to base their prescription drug investigation on.
With them, they will may have.
Limbaugh 53 has been charged with a crime yet.
It's being investigated by the state attorney's or officer allocation to doctor shopping, which is doping a practitioner into giving overlapping prescriptions.
The crime is a felony imploder, though it's really prosecuted.
Limbaugh and Black, and that would be, have we already done that poll?
I think we did a few days ago.
Who would you rather see in jail?
Martha Stewart.
Yeah, yeah.
We did that.
So you thank God for Josh keeping a little bit of track.
At least he listens to this show, not that he wants to, but at least he's a God to because he's a captive audience.
Unlike the sports nerds that we have on the station who are busy sending feeds over the stucats at the competition at WRFX.
Nice going there, Clarence, you idiot.
You see, I don't want to get aimed by trouble, but if it's me and I find out that my program director is feeding the competition a context to put news stories on here, I fire his ass that day.
No questions, I fired.
No, what I mean?
Yeah.
Or you tee out.
Is he out again the beast?
I'm right here.
Oh, that sounded like Josh to me.
I can't really tell you're starting to sound alike, which is not a good sign.
You're not feeding him extra food now, are you?
No.
Because you know what's fat people?
We like to make it not important that you lose weight, but that you make everybody else fat.
That really is the secret like fat rich.
It's the same thing with all the fat people I know, including me.
It's not important that you lose weight, but that you make everybody else better than you are.
Which in that case piece, you better get several lunches ordered for him.
How much do you care about the Marlins opening day tomorrow, man?
It's a special day in America opening day.
You can smell the leather.
Can't you?
Yeah.
Now what bar is that where you smell the leather?
Not at all.
Zero.
Not a hundred sixty two.
Probably the stable master in Amsterdam.
You're probably going to some of them parties.
Not at all.
Zero.
162.
Well, I can just see the beast in Amsterdam and you would just go nuts there.
You ever been there?
No.
Oh.
If ever there was a person that I know that it's their kind of town, that's perfect for you.
Why?
You want sex?
Pay for it.
You want weed?
I mean, it's all over the place.
It's just your kind of place.
Okay.
Because there's a lot of strange people there.
A little bit, 127.
A little bit about the Marlins.
A little teeny tiny.
Like maybe enough to listen to one or two pitches.
That's it.
I'm a fan.
I'll go to a few games.
124.
That's a good sign.
We need your money for that new stadium now.
A lot.
I'm a huge fan.
Honest 76 all the way up to 15.3%.
We love the Marlins.
We're all fired up.
That's right.
And I'm a baseball fan.
But not a Marlins fan.
Only five.
Out of almost five hundred four ninety four.
Only five people are baseball fans.
Like the Cubs, the Braves, the Metz, the Jankies, the Tigers.
Nobody likes the Tigers.
Now see, there's a good example.
I post it.
They built that new stadium.
Yeah.
You try.
No one goes.
Anybody going there?
No.
They went in any games?
No.
No.
I mean, the Marlins, yeah, they won the World Series twice in what?
In the six years?
Twice and seven years?
Ninety seven.
And seven seasons, right?
Right.
Pretty good.
If you ask me.
Right.
Pretty outstanding.
The only problem is nobody really cared.
When you saw people looking for refunds that after that big ticker tape parade downtown Miami.
When people were trying to get refunds for the Marlins caps and merchandise, that was not a really good sign.
You know, that wasn't a real.
Confidence booster.
In terms of how solid the support is.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
It's a screenless Monday.
Of course, every day screenless on the show.
Not much action there.
Though you see that?
Yeah.
That's because they're all getting it because it's a holiday week.
I'll be honest.
We're actually doing a little better than they thought we would.
This.
Why don't I take this week vacation over here?
I'm a schmuck.
I did the right thing.
Huh?
Take this week vacation and there's no one around.
Okay, I'll start right now.
Right.
Bye.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
QA.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
I got a future poll for you if you want to hear it.
Okay.
I got a couple people on the list that I want to propose to you.
The poll is which of the following on the list despises MoHauer gave it the most.
I got I got about.
Oh, that's such a little crap.
You know, the moH polls are so it's ancient history and I really I don't want to pee on your parade, but it's just this old stuff.
Well, I think you just I would like to know what the audience thinks more than anything.
Okay.
I mean, you know, Joe Rose, are you or keeping Gellby?
Because I don't think Gellby likes them either.
He hates him.
And so I don't leave off the beast or me, you know, put me on the list too.
Okay.
Josh and Miami.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks Josh.
That's not a bad idea.
I guess we did the long time ago.
We might bring that back because he's kind of like fading into the world world.
Absolutely.
He's like a furnished up, you know, refurbishes image.
Polish up that muskrat and bring it back and show them out to the world.
Look, look what we got.
We got Howard in the morning.
You want Howard the morning?
No.
Not that one anyway.
Yeah, maybe we do that one of these days.
What do you think?
Yes.
We definitely put the beast on there because the beast hates him probably about as much as anybody I've ever met in my life.
I mean, wouldn't that not just a regular ordinary hateful with a.
An intense hatred so deep that wouldn't surprise me if he's occasionally tempted to do something rash and violent like stabbed the muskrat or you know something like that.
I would like to pull it off his head though and the muskrat too.
We've often talked about that.
Have you really?
Now, let me give you a little, I don't want to make the audience think that I'm giving you pointers on how to give some of your nervous breakdown.
But many years ago, Jerry Wichner, do you hear the, hear the name?
Yeah.
Jerry Wichner used to do overnight time.
W's news back in the day when I was doing eight to midnight.
Jerry did midnight to six.
He was one of the most rednecky, bigoted Yahoo real, just a real redneck.
And Wichner used to be this doggy at W Y and Z back in the day when it was like a real radio station before they run cheap channel roomed it.
And he was very popular DJ and he would go out and do record hops and stuff like that.
So he went out and had some high school or somewhere and did a record hop and the kids have not only got on the,
it didn't take a genius to figure it out because it was even a worst piece than what motor wears.
It was like multi colored.
I used to call it his comedian hair piece.
It changed colored.
And so they ran up and they stole it right off his head.
Well, the rumor is, and again, I wasn't there because it's a long before I came to town,
but rumor is that he just lost it.
He just kind of disappeared for a while and had to calm down before he came back.
Good thing that was before Jerry got all in pieces.
He used to walk around with me.
I just came up the whole achievement highway.
Oh, he was, he was something.
He was, if you can't ask me who is the most bigoted person you've ever known in your life,
I think it might have been old Jerry Wichner.
He's dead now so we can say that.
We just got some new lovely t-shirts.
Did we?
And how much you have to pay for them?
WKM T-shirts.
Now we're going to be auctioning these off on the Beasley Broadcast for profit website.
What charity is that for?
For the Beasley charity, not a revenue stream.
In fact, we understand that the reason that we don't have the baseball tickets in there yet is because Ray Perry is auctioning off Marlon Tickets,
probably my tickets and normal Kents tickets on the corner of 441 in the Ives-Dury Road.
And the four, oh yeah, four-hurry-run county line road.
Right up there where the homeless voice people are.
That is so sad.
Where are my Marlon Tickets Ray?
Inquiring minds would like to know opening a day is tomorrow last time I checked.
Probably I got some people that would like to go on opening day I would think.
Sure.
Since it's a tough ticket to get and I got those great seats, I would have some people who I know who would like to go to that game tomorrow,
Ray Perry, get with it, okay?
Yes.
What does he do there, Ray Perry?
I'll let him give the tickets out.
Does he do anything?
He's our go-between between the teams and the station.
Yeah, he's kind of like the fiddle-mossed him from IOD.
Yeah, he's the Pimp.
He's the sports Pimp.
19 to 1 at 5.
Hey Miguel says he has your tickets.
Miguel's got the tickets all right.
Oh!
And he's probably leaping through there furiously and frantically form right now.
That's how he can do it.
I'll read told him, go ahead and the leaf through.
And then Josh probably wants a few too.
Sure.
Now the beast, I'm sure you get your own tickets, don't you?
I have a press pass, I don't get tickets.
What do you need tickets for if you got a press pass?
Well, if I want to take the goal, friendly game.
You get to Hobnob with all the big shots up there.
You get top-down with the Booster and with the Lynn Casper.
You're a good friend, Dave Ed Booring.
How about that?
That's why the beast won't rip Dave Ed Booring because you got to face him up there, right?
Not exactly.
Josh does.
Josh does what?
Josh works with him every day.
Oh, that's why, why didn't you tell me that before you put him on the spot?
And you had to make him say what a boring turdburger he is?
That was bad.
Speaking of boring turdburgers, if your carpets look a little on that side, like not too good these days,
here's the answer if you want to get them really brand spanking new looking.
And comp dry concepts because they're the best in the world of bringing the life back into your carpeting.
Even old carpets that look like hopeless, like you better spend the money to get brand new carpeting.
So I'm telling you right now, don't do it.
Because when you call dry concepts for the first time, they'll amaze you.
It's just the job they can do of dry cleaning those nasty stained old carpets and make them look in smell and feel just like brand new.
That's right, they leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch.
They smell em and they first, they're drying a couple of hours and you look around and say,
this is like a wizard came into my home and performed a miracle right in my flow.
And don't forget when you call dry concepts, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
And when you make that phone call, ask them to put you understand by list, which will save you next to 15% off the already unbeatable price on their unbeatable carpet cleaning jobs.
So whether it's your drapery, your area rugs, or your carpeting, these are the folks you want to call.
Trust me, I've used them for over 20 years in my homes.
I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else.
Call them today. They won't let you down. Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web if you like it.
dryconcepts.com. Nobody comes even close.
I like it.
This is for 20 or vice versa.
2 a.m.
No!
What they say he has great hands, I know exactly what they mean.
So a week of openers and home openers, my favorite time of year.
Well, one one pitch inside ball two.
And watch Harris at the plate.
Because he stroked his wood. Notice his thighs.
A squeeze and stiffened bursting upon his trouser seat.
Okay, I don't think we're going to be playing anymore that one.
Boop.
Wow!
Trump 47 at 560 W.A.
And why he's excited about opening day, what do you want?
543 votes at our poll so far.
Man, you see, I'm a paid feed fan, so obviously I'm not a dolphin fan.
So I'm a bad guy in that.
I'm a Leafs fan and I like to pant his tube, but let's face it, it's a lost cause.
They stink.
And I don't like the Marlins because I don't care about baseball.
So I'm just a bad guy and I don't care about the NBA because I'm, you know, I'm not a some football artser.
So I don't care.
So that makes me a bad guy, I guess, right?
Yep, on American.
Good.
The anti-sports.
543.
How much do you care about the Marlins?
Not at all.
Zero.
Nada is not a bit.
172.
But that number's going down.
31.6%.
I'm a fan.
I'll go to a few games.
142.
A little bit.
138.
A lot.
I'm a huge fan.
Honest.
Believe me.
82.15.1%.
And I'm a baseball fan, but not a Marlins fan.
Nine votes.
Yeah, the guy that's faction was giving me a son at the end of the well.
The sports people are listening right now.
That's the point.
Some of them are and some of them are not.
We have a more perversive diverse audience than just people don't want to hear people talking about the same crap nonstop day after day after day.
Oh, this one's got a great arm and this one this for a 14 year old kid is playing at pipe or high.
He's going to be really great when it often strapped him in the 83rd round.
And by the way, today is April 5th.
You know what's coming up in the not too distant future draft is now is it's always on a Saturday, right?
Yeah, it's like.
So the 17th, I think, right?
No, I think it's a Saturday after that.
The 20th year fourth.
Correct.
I think so.
Yeah, that's pretty late.
I think because it's usually around the 15th of April.
So we have to wait all the way to the 24th of April for the NFL draft.
How the hell are we going to stay on here until then?
That's 19 more days.
We're going to have to have a lot more interviews with some of them.
A dolphin players on their like Joe had this morning.
Wow, that is Jason Taylor.
Man, you had his calendar out.
It was great.
Of course, the only problem is on radio.
You can't see the calendar.
But fantastic.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
There's another guy by the way.
Never give a dime to anything.
I ever promoted any of our causes.
Joe Rose.
Not a not a penny.
That morning crew.
Yoldi, D-Fo, Joe Rose.
Never, ever helped us out with nothing.
Especially guilty.
That little weasel kept his job for him.
Well, because cold is cheap.
Are you, is that like a ethnic comment that you're making?
No, in serious.
Oh, yeah.
Like the other day he was telling me like,
because we all bring cereal in.
I get a little bowl with milk.
You don't, you don't bring cereal in and a little bowl with milk.
Okay, you might bring it in a van with it with a,
when the beast brings in cereal, it brings in a van with his own cow.
You said that he won't buy cereal unless it's like the generic kind.
That you can get for like 40 cents a box.
Yeah.
If you had any idea how much that kid is pulling down
and I place you would cry, you would openly weep on here right now.
Plus, he wants to gig with a Panther games.
I don't want to know.
And what I'm hearing is that they're going to offer him a job.
But you know how many bucks a game?
Bucks a game.
Not too much.
Not any big bucks, Yoldi, is the room and that's going around the Panther organization.
So don't get all whipped up and carried away.
Nobody having any more kids for crying out like he's already got two kids.
Yeah.
See, I don't understand this deal of schleppers making babies.
I mean, George, that was an accident he got tricked into it.
That was a very unfortunate, very sad on her part.
Bad evil.
But like, Yoldi, there's a schlepper he can't tomorrow with a squeaky voice like that.
Right?
Right.
And especially working, I mean, you talk about insecure.
Absolutely.
Working with a grumpy old man.
All he's got to do is look at him cross eye or make some comment about that piece.
As a matter of fact, what's that thing that we have?
Not that I want to resurrect all the most of it.
But would you there?
I'm sure you'd love it.
What's the thing when the guy calls about the, oh, here it is.
I know what it is.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feetless Thump.
Didn't he need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q.P.?
The doctor who performed the surgery, let's think about that.
What's his name?
Klein.
Feetless Thump.
I don't know who you use.
Do you use George Colwell?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure where he went.
I'm not sure where he went.
See, Moe is stalling because at that time, he didn't understand how the dump did lay work.
So he's thinking that if he just talks slowly enough and stalls around enough that it'll just kind of let go away.
Which, of course, made Robert dump it.
But in the meantime, we have the predelays.
So we had a chance to hear the thing and it's entirety.
It was a beautiful thing.
The thing I like the best is when Gelly lets a little, like that, when he's a feeler, because he couldn't keep a straight face.
At that point, I bet you you don't realize how close Gelly came to losing that position right there.
You think?
Because when you start laughing at Moe's Muscrav, man, then you're really messing with Sacred Ground.
You don't monkey around with his Muscrav.
Absolutely.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
As a matter of fact, I'll tell you how much the Marlon crowd hates this show is last year when they had the big ticket tape parade.
You know, when they won a World Series.
Right.
And I go on here that day when they had the parade.
And I'm saying, okay, I'm sure we're going to get some people called in and who are in that parade are going to give us a report and a spy report.
And it was nothing.
And then Boog called in.
Of course, all we could hear was, you know, all kinds of noise in the back.
And he was bat bat bat, you know, and so we blew him off a couple of times, which he thanked me profusely for by the way.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, thank you, Canada.
You're fine.
Okay. Well, I will.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
That's the guy who sent the facts.
You know what?
I didn't know that.
That's definitely the guy who sent the facts.
I'm not, I'm not fool.
I wasn't born yesterday.
WQM, our last call.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I just got to say that baseball club is pretty much golf with deep end.
And another thing.
Let's hear realty talk about this election.
And let's select the game president in 2004.
Yeah, okay.
Well, we'll vote for you then.
56670560, pound 560.
Oh, and let me ask you this.
What a Charlie Christ, that caller and Mark Foley have in common.
Just think about it.
Don't answer the question yet.
All right.
You know, the Florida Attorney General Charlie Christ.
Where's it, Christ?
WQM, hello.
Oh, Christ.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Listen to me.
Good morning, Maurel Quest.
Would you mind stop racking on Jerry Whittrey?
He's more broadcast than you'll ever be.
Yeah, but then Oliver B.
He's more dead than I am to.
There he goes.
One of Jerry's people.
All I did is make a little joke about Jerry's head piece.
And the fact that he was a real redneck.
Yeah, that's not lovely.
The rednecky guy.
He had more of a broadcast than you'll ever be.
He was one of the worst broadcasts.
I used the term broadcaster loosely.
Just came up the whole chamber trail.
Hi Jerry.
This is Toby checking in.
That could have been some of the worst radio in a history of the human race.
Okay.
Jerry Whittner, my ass.
All these old ladies calling out.
Hi, Jerry.
How you doing?
And then Jerry, you think it's ponderous me reading these bedtime stories on there?
He used to read from books.
Because he was out overnight, you know, midnight till five in the morning.
I used to read from books long boring passages from books.
What a great way to put people to sleep.
Nice going, Jerry.
Oh!
Is more of a broadcaster than you'll ever be.
You fagged you bastard.
All right.
Line nine is always my favorite.
WDQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
A lady caller.
Our first of the week.
Neil, I am a caller from Key Largo.
I listen to you every day when I deliver mail on my route.
All right.
For years now.
I've been wanting to tell you not to drink diet soda for one thing.
What is that?
It's got as per team in it.
It's terrible for you.
I'm drinking it right now.
What does it do to you?
It's, I don't know.
Maybe Parkinson's among other things.
But I don't have no Parkinson's.
I know.
But it's not good for you.
Please stop drinking it.
Well, what do you like me to drink?
I don't know.
Just not that diet.
Well, I can't sit here.
I mean, you've got to drink something.
I'm not going to dehydrate it because you want to put the scares in it.
I'm going to get Parkinson's.
Well, it's just, I just know it's not good.
Well, I can feel the bad that I haven't told you all these years.
Well, yeah.
The kid may have probably drank 50,000 gallons since he waited to tell me.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I drink your diet caffeine-free diet coke like it's coming out of a faucet.
I know.
I'm having time.
I think of that.
I think of, um.
In fact, I just took another sip right at it.
Oh.
One other thing I wanted to tell you about a movie.
Are you there?
I just fell over.
I just keeled over from the last sip.
Yeah, go ahead.
It's called Panic.
It has William H. Macy in it.
It's a little movie.
I love William H. Macy.
I know.
I don't know why this is.
You know, I'm a witcher, but he's pretty good.
This movie is great.
William H. Macy.
But it also has some other people you don't like.
It has John Ritter, Donald Sutherland.
Yeah.
John Ritter can be too dangerous.
He's dead.
Right.
Neve Campbell.
Like Jerry Wichner.
Yeah.
And Tracy Oman.
But it's a great movie.
What's it called?
Panic.
It's called Panic.
But it's a few years old.
I'll start drinking bottled water.
How's that?
Let me give you a little bit.
Okay.
Thanks, Peter.
All right.
Bye.
I'm going to go out and get some nice bottled water.
Come on, guys.
Guys, that.
Okay.
Can I still say gas?
No.
I know we can't play gas, but we can still say gas.
Okay.
1257 at 560.
By the way, if you want to go for a feast, in fact,
this is a place where the beast would really have a great time.
You ever been to the Emerald Coast?
Nope.
No.
Why not?
I'd never gotten there.
This is the perfect place for a real pig like you, because this isn't just, you know,
going out to restaurant for a meal.
This is a real feast.
Start out.
They got six different kinds of soup.
And then they have dozens and dozens of delicious fresh entrace.
New York strip made a order in their sizzling Asian really.
Just go over and say, like some of medium-well, well, but whatever.
And they'll actually do that for you.
They've got that brand new seafood saying Jacques.
Oysters on a half-show.
Alaskan stone crab.
Middle neck clams and that fantastic jumbo.
Seam.
Scampy every night.
If you still have room, sample their hand card, primer, plus their new Thai specialties.
You see, you've been sitting there wondering what it is.
We pay Josh to do since he don't answer the phones and much of anything else.
It just helps out with his spot, see?
The Emerald Coast buffet features healthy cooking, healthy living, cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol for your oils.
No MSD headaches at the Emerald Coast, because they don't use any MSD.
No cornstarch, no craft.
The buffet features a full salad bar, brand new sushi bar, and fresh, sea-imp cocktail too.
And if there's any room after all of this, the beast will just shove a crowbar in his pants and open up a whole new sack of room there,
because they got a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too.
They even have a watermelon most of the time as well.
Three Emerald Coast locations there in sunrise, pine island of 44th Street, Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach,
also at the intersection of flamingo and pemerc roads and pemerc pies.
Take the whole family or book your next business lunch and now let the folks at the Emerald Coast cook up a real unbelievable feast for you.
The beast would be impressed.
Take out and delivery available too, call 954-5723822-954-5723822 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
My mind and local, your sports radio five 60s, you and you AM.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
That's why I'm having my share man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been a Reno Scargo Fargo Minnesota Buffalo Toronto, Winslow Slare,
so the Winslow Dog Dog Dog, the Ottawa Holtz Mall, the Tampa Panamon Battle, the Lomon Mall.
We're gonna South Carolina, and Oklahoma, and Arizona.
I've been everywhere man.
We're gonna California, and New York.
We're gonna South Carolina, and Oregon.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
WOO-BA-BANG!
Haha!!!
1003 man, every pumped up about that big game tomorrow.
The opening game, Mike Hail Expo, is really exciting to me.
At the Florida Marlins.
Wenn you're dibber.
596 votes on the pool which is
our second pool of the day.
This is shocking, you know what?
We have almost 600 votes on the first pool.
How much do you care about the marlins is our pool question?
Not at all.
Zero.
Nada.
181.
30.3%.
But you notice that number keeps steadily coming down.
644.
Do you notice how that number keeps steadily coming down?
Yeah, it's dropping.
Oh.
187.
Now, 30.9%.
Just changing it out of 600.
Four votes.
I'm a fan.
I'll go to a few games.
167.
27.6%.
A little bit.
146.
A little bit.
A lot.
I'm a huge fan.
Honest.
91.
15%.
Oh.
And I'm a baseball fan, but not a Marlin fan 13.
Cup fan.
Could be.
What team do you think we have like Yankees?
You think we have them?
Because it's such a front running 40 time town anyway.
Anything from New York Yankees, Mets.
Yeah.
What about the Braves?
America's team.
Howard.
No, no, seriously.
Don't you think the Braves may have more fans than any other out of time team?
No.
How about the Cubs?
I'm a Cubs fan.
I'm a Budman.
Can I trust you, R2?
Used to be.
Phil Harry died.
Once Harry died, he's the same thing when the announcer dies.
It just, you lose your interest.
Miguel, he's the same.
His grandson's good.
Chips pretty good, right?
Yeah.
He's a chip off the old block.
And skips very good with the Braves, but they're not Harry-Kiri.
There's only one Harry-Kiri.
So I think he's the one who's the best.
I don't care about the Cubs, no more.
And it would be the same if Dave Van Boring, for example, passed away.
Right?
If he should get hit by a truck crossing the street on the way to the stadium.
That's the opening.
Come on.
No, no.
I'm just saying if he should get hit by a truck, it just wouldn't be the same anymore.
Okay?
If Booke had to do the whole game, can you imagine how much more animated and exciting the games would be?
And instead of just having like 50,000 people for opening day.
And then like six or seven thousand year on Wednesday, we might have like 15 or 20,000 there.
Maybe even 30,000 on Wednesday.
But third man.
See what I'm saying if they like whipped up some excitement and enthusiasm.
And spider that guy that ripped the bogey and asked before, which was that was unacceptable.
But he did that with his radio.
He doesn't listen to the radio, but he don't like Booge.
Come to QA him.
Hello.
Hi.
From the cables.
Let's go to the cables.
Hello.
Hi.
Gable.
Yes, sir.
For new.
Speaking.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Dave's in boring.
The most boring.
Worst in John Miller.
John Miller, you think is boring?
I do.
Ground all the third.
The third basement is related to the Empire.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not a big John Miller fan.
He's very contrived.
That's why I'm like, he'll go along in that same tone like you're doing that all the time.
So you know, and you can tell it's totally contrived.
He's not at least bit excited.
He's just putting on a, he's an actor more than a broadcast.
I don't like the fake excitement.
He seems like a nice guy, but my god is boring.
Yeah.
Okay, well, thanks a lot, pal.
That's a good call.
Finally, somebody had to go to say Dave Ann boring lives up to his name.
I liked John Miller.
I'm not, I don't like him that much.
He's highly overrated.
Very, very overrated.
See?
I don't, I just don't like fake excitement.
You know what I'm talking about.
I know what you're saying.
If, I mean, if the game, of course, the game is so boring.
I guess you have to fake excitement like faking an orgasm.
It's the same concept, right?
So boring.
I mean, hockey game when somebody scores a great goal.
You don't have to fake the excitement, right?
Right.
There you go.
Like when Gellie's going to do the, oh my god, he's gone.
You know, it's going to be great.
That'll be great.
Wait till Gellie does those games.
Do you think he's going to say who?
Who is that said that Judge McDonald was an old hack?
Oh, they're going to be honoring him again.
Oh, that's right.
The season's over.
Six six time with Carolina yesterday.
And the Judge's myster, man, they really just peed all over his leg.
It was incredible.
He's hanging up the microphone finally.
How many years too late though?
About third, man.
He first he picked on Jerry Whiston.
Now he's rippin' on Judge McDonald.
That's bad.
That's incorrect.
I'm just telling it like it is.
Old hack.
615 votes.
How much do you care about the Marlins?
And it's about the same.
You'll see we're going to get a thousand votes on it.
More than that by the time we sit down here again tomorrow.
For those big two hours.
Thank you very much by the way, Jeffrey Laurie and David Simpson,
for keeping the Marlins in town.
At least two o'clock tomorrow, right?
Right.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
I got to tell you that I listen to QAM all the time.
I think there's been more baseball talk on the Neil Rogers show
than it has been on all the other shows.
You mean on all dolphin radio?
I just actually like it when they call up in the middle of the summer
and they're going to be talking about the draft pair or this guy.
Right.
That's all we are even.
Even if Guy the goofball from the Sun Senthal said it's the most boring.
It's unlistable was his term.
I mean, I just changed the dial.
And so this I hear him talking football once this season goes.
Yeah.
Hey, all that needs to be said about Dave Am boring is that commercial
that the Marlins run on QAM uses what is Jack Buck the guy?
It could be a TV.
So, Buck, Jack Buck's a push-and-off daisies.
Yeah, he did.
You know, he's the one that does the commercial of the Marlins win in the World Series.
And you know something and his call is pretty boring too when you come right down to it.
It's pretty weak.
But in comparison, the other one puts you to sleep.
At least, and he sounds like he's alive, like he's not on life support.
Right.
When I listen to him call a game, I usually can tell from the fans.
I kill do that long slot ball thing to left field.
And then I hear the fans cheer and I know he's a home bumblebee.
Yeah, that up up in a way.
I mean, I was okay for the fifth dimension, but not for calling a home run.
I mean, that's just, that's for Indus.
Hey, can I call somebody a do you stack?
Well, there you go.
That was our first one of those today.
56670560, they just don't get at these people.
They do not understand.
Go clean out your mouth with carox or you cannot do that inomo.
I realize that it sounds insane.
It's just, we're just a bunch of nervousnellies.
And believe you me, if you ever wanted to have some people who would be nervousnellies,
we got the right middle-level management people for that.
The blind leading the blind.
56670560, pound 560 on it.
Oh, look at this.
Ozzy Osborne says he's finally complaint with the state medical board,
accusing of Beverly Hills doctor over prescribing addictive drugs to him.
Ozzy says the drugs led to his disoriented behavior on the reality TV series,
the Osborne's authorities as Dr. David Kipper.
What is his middle name is?
You know,
a authorities doctor, and seriously, you are hopeless.
I was really at the various times I've had hopes for you, but you're hopeless.
You're not supposed to whisper, you're disappointed, immediately spontaneous.
You're on Kipper, you see what I'm saying?
Just like that, do you leave them a bit we got, which is great.
Right.
Didn't you love that?
Yeah.
In fact, it's short.
I'm so enthused about it, I might actually play it again if I could find the damn thing.
And even though we had it.
And now Mr. Dan Gernstein,
campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman Presidential Campaign.
Isgadal, Isgadash, Shemehrabo
Veolemodi, Verokhirousay, Viamnih Malfuse
Bagolov, Uwismankorib, Weimaru-Omen
Oh, boy.
For his ass, Dr. David Kipper, to turn over copies of Osborne's medical records
and schedule a meeting with the British singer and his wife Sharon,
Osborne filed a complaint early in March claiming Kipper had him take excessive quantities
of Dexedrene, Valium, Zyprexia, and other powerful medications.
Kipper's attorney, John Harwell, no relation to Ernie, said the doctors always placed the cooperate
with the medical board to climb to come up further.
Osborne helped Kipper in June 2002 to kick a prescription drug.
He hired him rather.
Kipper charged the Osborne family 650 grand for his services.
To kick his prescription drug habit, times for mayor, doesn't it?
Rush?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
QAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think you're a national treasure.
Yeah.
And it doesn't matter whether you have diet or regular coke.
It's not the sugar that's the problem.
Really?
Yeah, I could have pulled a hell out of me.
It's not the sugar that's going to make your blood sugar go up to like 500 sugar.
No, it's not.
I'll play you wide.
The Coca-Cola is nothing but carbonic acid.
Acid makes the blood thicken.
And when the blood thicken, just circulation gets bad.
And you get all kinds of diseases.
Diabetes is simply fat that goes around the pancreas, so you can't produce insulin.
Yeah.
Drinking coke is all you're doing is asking yourself, it's like saying, kill me.
What you should be drinking is alkaline water.
Alkaline water.
Alkaline water because alkalinity gets rid of the acid and makes your blood pure
and then all your diseases go away.
I know that for a fact, I've been doing it for a year.
I've got like 1,100 people that I've helped do this stuff.
I've seen diabetes go away.
I've seen blood pressure drop.
What are alkaline water like?
You mean bottle water?
Well, if you want, I can actually bring you a case you can try.
And then we can talk about it.
I can give you a website to check out.
We can talk about one.
What, I'm the only one that's going to do it.
Are you peddling a product or something?
No, I'm not.
I'm peddling.
I'm not trying to pedal anything.
I would check for 30 years, Neil.
Well, I mean, you're telling me, you're trying to help me out.
Are you telling me you had an acid?
I ask you what I should be drinking rather than giving me an answer like
staying effion or whatever.
No, no, no, no.
Are you okay, or something?
If you want, you can make your own alkaline water.
No, I'm not going to make my water.
I mean, call me lazy, sir, but it's just, it's impractical.
I'm not going to make my own water.
Okay, well then I can supply you with the water.
Okay, if you want.
What does that mean?
You're going to ship into Toronto.
I mean, what are we talking about?
Don't you come back to Miami at all anymore?
Not very often, and based on the sound of this call, not the very soon.
Okay, I'll tell you what then.
I will send you a bottle of this free charge, and you can jump in.
So you don't want to tell me what it is.
And because we're peddling something, sir, I can smell it a 1200 miles away.
He's peddling crap, right?
Yeah.
The website.
He's going to tell you about the website.
Oh my God.
See, let me say this.
And this is for everybody.
We got a whole new deal on this show as of very recently.
As of like a few seconds ago.
If you want to plug on this show, buy some spots, buy some advertising for the Beasley Retirement Fund.
Okay.
So that we don't have to put fake auctions on their Beasley website.
We don't have to scan the public out of their cash.
Buy some spots.
Would be a really good idea.
Yeah.
He's going to send, make my own water.
I do.
In fact, a steady stream every morning.
No problem at all.
First, you need to make my own water.
There you go.
Wow.
He's like, no, seriously, he's one step away from the urine lady that Mr. Ego used to have on all of the urine lady.
I'm urinating to hear more about it.
Not 114 at 560 WQAM.
I've been telling you for a long time if your mattress goes to hell and hand basket, then your health is going to go in the same place.
Because you just don't get a good night's sleep.
With dial amacris, you get a fantastic night's sleep at an unbeatable price because dial amacris backs up everything they say in their advertising.
400%.
Their competitors still lie like crazy.
For example, you see one of those ads in the newspaper with a big headline, half off.
But then you find out this only applies to limited-solving devices.
You've never wanted it anyway.
Everything else is still full price and they probably double the regular price on the sale merch and I spurs.
And you'll probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like that.
And dial amacris, the ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no lies.
It's like a Greg Reed Free Zone, no lies.
When you call 1-800-MACRIS, you'll see their prices are so low.
Other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete.
And dial amacris offers you a no risk.
30-Day Cup of Exchange policy and all bets including the one you'll be buying.
And don't forget, when you call dial amacris toll free at 1-800-MACRIS,
you're getting your company ranked the best in the world and overall customer satisfaction from candle to steward, Palm Beach, the prestigious Ford Myers.
And dial amacris reminds you to redefine print because they want you to know what you're buying, even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what you'll be waiting for, do what I always do and I've done many times by the way when the old macris has had it, just pick up the photo, make one easy call.
1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTRES, or check on their website, mattress.com.
Dial amacris, the honest way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTRES, or check on their website,
you're getting your company ranked the best in the world and overall customer satisfaction from candle to steward.
Dial amacris, the honest way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
Dial amacris, the honest way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
Dial amacris, the honest way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
I'm just gonna see that likes to grandstand.
I don't wanna know where to move that.
I don't wanna know where to move that.
Funny after one, here's a message from Eric Nolless of all authorities about water.
He says the guy who called about alcohol and water actually had a point.
I wish he would have gotten to it.
The Japanese have household appliances that separate water into alkaline water and acid water,
the former being for drinking, weight loss being one of the benefits,
and the latter being good for bathing.
And of course the French they use both for the same.
They be than they drink it.
I just during the break by the way made my own water you'll be pleased to know.
A lot of it.
Because when you drink gallons of caffeine-free diet coke every day,
I'm sure it's not good for you, aspera-taming good for you, right?
It makes a wood alcohol in your body.
Right.
And you're like fried all the time.
Every time I've tried to do the nutritional thing,
they always like the first thing tell you stop drinking diet soda.
Right.
Well, okay fine.
I'm more than willing to do it and I got plenty of markets and supermarkets,
whatever.
I can handle the freight I can deal with when I ask the guy a simple question.
And I what should I be drinking?
Well you can make your own water.
Well I'm not going to make my own water.
Are you?
No.
Of course I'm asking the wrong person.
I asked you.
No, I would not make it.
Josh is going to make his own water?
No.
No.
I don't know anybody it's going to mean, you know, see this is the problem with the nutritional freaks.
I mean, maybe this guy may be 100% correct.
But the fact of the matter is that when you carry something to such an extreme,
it isn't practical for most people.
I'm not saying make it simple for me.
Don't send me anything.
I don't need you to send me anything.
Just tell me what to do and he wouldn't do it.
Better be better.
Thanks a lot Eric.
Okay.
And Jericho I know he's got a lovely Japanese wife.
So he knows all about that Japanese stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, let's talk about it.
Maybe that'll be our poll tomorrow.
What's your favorite drinking water?
No.
Yeah.
Actually, better than your favorite flavor toothpaste.
I like the spring water.
Spring water like mountain valley.
Sure.
From a hot springs Arkansas.
They used to be a sponsor mine back in the day.
That's good stuff.
In fact, once a part of time you used to have it delivered to the house,
the house all the time.
I can give me some good water.
Although I don't like it now.
I don't know about you.
I don't like flat water.
In other words, with no gas.
Huh?
There are two kinds of bottle water, Schmuck.
There's like plain.
With no gas.
And there is gasata like the Italians with a little like carbonated.
Like the the pelagrino.
The sand pelagrino is excellent.
And that the carbonation gives you a little.
It cuts through the the flamin' and among you.
I hate that.
I hate that.
You hate what?
The sparkling water.
Really?
My mom drinks that.
It's horrible.
No, it is not.
Why do you say it's horrible?
It is.
In fact, there's a lot more people drink the sparkling water.
If your, for example, or bottled water is huge, then drink that flat water that's, oh, man.
It's like drinking Alcassolta.
No, it's not.
Let me ask you.
If you've got a bottle of coke.
And I'm assuming you died coke because when you waste 700 pounds, you ought to be drinking.
And to say to me that it doesn't make any difference whether you drink the sugar or not.
I got my little diabetes meter in the other room.
They're my acute check.
And I guarantee if I said I'd be in a diabetic coma if I was drinking as much coke with sugar as I'm drinking diet coke.
No, there's no doubt that the real thing is bad, really bad for you.
What?
Any kind of real soda with all that sugar is really bad for you.
With regular soda with sugar, of course it'll kill you, man.
It's pure sugar.
Make your blood sugar skyrocket.
I mean, this guy's talking to a diabetic and he thinks I don't know what it's.
See, I can't stand the nutritionist's extremist.
They're all experts.
And then you look at them and they look like ikabob crane on a bad day.
Oh, yeah.
I used to have a sponsor many, many years ago back in the day.
I'm eye me beach KT.
And this guy was an nutrition store, health food store on the beach and out road or somewhere.
And a guy, he had this customer who used to call him the garlic man.
Now, you couldn't get within 50 yards of him because he's stuck like garlic all the time.
He weighed, I mean soaking wet after a heavy shower.
He weighed about 40 pounds soaking wet.
He made Karen Carpenter look like mama cast.
And you know, if that's your idea of being healthy and being whatever, I just, I'll pass on that.
How much do you care about the marlins and about bottled water?
That's our pool today.
Not at all zero, nada, 202, 29.7%.
It dipped under for the first time.
It's under 30. That's exciting.
I bet you David Samson is dancing.
Kazzazki would Jeffrey Luria right now.
680 votes.
I'm a fan.
I'll go to a few games.
188.
I'll go to some games first of the tickets are free.
A little bit, 170.
A lot.
I'm a huge fan.
Honest, 111, 14.8%.
That dipped under that 15% mark.
It's not a good sign.
And I'm a baseball fan, but not a Marlin fan, 19.
That's pretty low total.
You know, and I guess the other people already voted for the other stuff.
It's a beast bad.
No, Miguel's bad.
He wasn't, he's not there now.
We just blame him.
He shouldn't correct him.
He said, how about putting this in there, right?
All my guilt.
Of course, now that we got that Cuban population,
we're going to support that baseball, right?
Right.
WQM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Not there on two or three.
At least must be, I don't know what these people are today.
These must be the people that are off this week because of their phony holiday.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, they're expecting what?
35,000 at the Marlin game.
50,000, man.
They've sold over 50,000 seats.
I'm going to go Wednesday when they're expecting about 7,000.
Right.
You have a lot more elbow room.
I'll tell you that.
I love the stadium when there's only 7,000 there.
You feel like you've got to stay with yourself.
Right.
Yeah, the only problem with that being that's a good way to get a ticket out of town.
But there you go.
There's a guy that he likes it when it's empty.
Has elbow room.
It's not crowded.
I understand where he's coming from.
I like it empty too, man.
Can I tell you where I enjoy sporting events the most in my living room?
On my big screen TV.
On the comfort of my sofa with my fat ass sitting there watching.
That's where I enjoy it the most.
Typical South Florida sports fan.
No, no, not at all.
Yeah, not at all.
In fact, I guarantee I've got a more dolphin games in my life than most of the people listening right now.
Guarantee of that.
And paid for my own tickets back in that day.
But I got tired of the drunks of the people spilling their beer all over you.
Of the fist fights in the stands of all the crap of the people that stand up when you're trying to watch the game.
It's like going to the Panther game.
I mean, a few people that are there, you think with all the empty seats.
You might ask actually because I got a great vantage point there at the arena.
Got great seats.
But the problem being they're standing up.
The ushers are letting them come down when the game is just starting to go.
The face off takes place.
And the guy.
I'll never forget the guy that stood up in front of me talking on the cell phone and was butting down at the other end.
while the game is going on and all the action is done to my left where he's standing
and I said sit down he says how come and I said because I want to see the game
oh oh because I want to see the get what game
this is 420 by 60
the way you lay in
born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil Gawd
yeah let's let's the trick to achieving longevity and that's what I think about
often completely madly abused drugs and party let's take some calls Johnson City
Tennessee is on with us you've got Nick and Jessica go ahead hi Ryan this is
Andrea oh hi Andrea Jessica is it true you don't drink milk because you can't
fit your head in the cotton yeah yeah yeah I'll admit it well is it also true
that you hired a private detective to find out if you were related to Homer and
art Simpson yes I don't know what I'm gonna do with her she's out of control
I love this Ohio you're on yeah I can see advertisements on the internet about
a Nick and Jessica sex tape is that really you guys definitely yeah well we
have a clip take a look at Nick and Jessica Nick and yeah wow can I get a copy
of that in stores get it now yeah okay and no regrets and deciding to do this
oh no we're so happy we did it we are so happy we look it off on stuff like
that very gratifying for us so yeah 133 you know I interrupted myself I was
gonna put you on a spot when you said you hated the carbonated water yeah now
what if you open up a bottle of coke diet or regular whatever it was and it was
flat but you know how you open it and it sits there for a days and it and it's
flat and there's no carbonation that's horrible no what do you say it's horrible
yeah so then why would you want to drink water with no carbonate because water is
meant to be yeah you're supposed to drink water that's not that's flat not
bubbly
some of the words somebody told you you're supposed to drink it that way I like it
better I like my water better nothing more refreshing not that a little bit
of that ever vessels doesn't like put a tingle in your tonsils no but it's just
flat I don't have any tonsils neither do I but still puts a tingle now see what
just watch yourself because now we got that nervous now they're sitting there oh
gee great he said oh yeah see it's it's one thing to react with all the
FCC business it's going on I've come to the conclusion after after seeing the
way that certain people like every time I ask a question I call up Naples and
I know you should not call up anybody and ask stop creating more problems
when they don't already exist you know see what I'm saying yeah I mean I ask
an opinion and of course since I can't get an opinion because and I shouldn't be
asking opinions I'll use my own opinion I'll use the judgment of being on the
air in this town long time I think I got a real good idea where the line is
even the new line the heavy heavy thick heavy handed line I think even I know I got
a pretty good idea where it is and so if there's a little that doesn't quite
meet up to the muster some people there too bad okay let him go take some
pills let him call up Wilma and self-medicate a little bit in calm down right yeah
you know what I'm talking about yeah everyone is saying names now listen
Lloyd's of London so is the Marlins I don't want to put this story on here the
day before opening day because that would not be good it would make it appear
it's in a hurl though Alex Fernandez made $35 million pitching for the Florida
Marlins even though his once promising career pretty much ended after his first
season and remember all those who always that we're gonna come out to see Alex
Fernandez did they show up now they're like everybody else they're bunch of
front-running phonies they're they're no different from anybody else in that
regard if it's a winning team hey we love them Marla you know all that crap and
if they stink they'll stay home the team which guaranteed is five year salary
through 2001 turned to Lloyd's of London to recover about seven million
dollars in disability insurance for his injured shoulder the team's injury
claims sparked a bench emptying legal brawl the extra money would obviously
help the financially struggling world serious champions but the team isn't
likely to see it anytime soon after the Marlins suit for breach of contract the
world's best known insurance underwriter alleged that the team defrauded the
company by submitting two identical laws claims to Lloyd's and the Hartford
Life Insurance Company for Fernandez's torn rotator cuff during the 2000
2001 seasons the Hartford company didn't know the team already had
disability coverage with Lloyd's because the Marlins and Fernandez never
disclosed it on an insurance application core record show the Hartford firm and
later Lloyd's accused them all come up of reaping a two-million dollar profit
through alleged deception the Marlins eventually settled their dispute with
Hartford and sure which wanted its money back so they've lied to the Hartford
company they've lied to the underwriters of Lloyd's and gets much worse than
that Lloyd's Miami attorney Fred McKasty the turrets had an August court hearing
Lloyd's then hurled another charge the Marlins trainer or team official
placed white out the corrections fluid on Fernandez proof of claim law
claim that was submitted to the London based underwriter in court papers Lloyd's
lawyer is alleged forgery but didn't explain the significance of the material
allegations on the injury claim they whited something out now Lloyd's plans as
former make sure we understand that we're not talking about the crude ownership
our good-closed personal friend that Hank Whipden asked last week ice going
airhunter we're talking about John Henry I must be crazy I must be nuts they
plan to ask former Marlins owner John Henry now part of the Red Sox what he
knows about the white out in an upcoming decision before the case goes to
mediation in August trial set for November so when it gives his
deposition they're gonna say come on what do you know and he's gonna say I
must be crazy I must be nuts and that's your guy by the way I'd be pretty
embarrassed to have John Henry own any or all of my team I'd be humiliated to
be a Red Sox family with him at the owner I probably want to have my whole
team frozen on ice until he croaks no just had Williams no five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a great two
Monday getting ready for the big day did borrow I couldn't really cure less
why nine's ringing oh that's my favorite WQM hello pretty good sir I'm
just calling about the hospital yeah there's a there's a website called
Nancy Markle dot com yeah yeah okay Ellie it'll give you more information
that you'll never want to know about it what does that mean well take a look
at it'll give you the the points of how it affects your body yeah it'll
give you the information in regards to the fact that well how come I'm still
alive I've been drinking it for years by the gallon well make the sick I mean
that's just the information you'll find out I'm not you sick it'll make it
made the boys in in there's a storm sick that's what made them sick aspartane
yep I'll be damned what's the website again it's a conspiracy it's a conspiracy
yeah my own sense oh the other ones pushed the stuff they took off the the
sweet and low you know the other one right and they made that's because all the
old Jews were stealing it at pumpernic so they had to get rid of it okay
listen have a great day palying thank you so much but this is getting to talk
about the jury what's the show who the hell might it talk let's talk about
aspartane I've heard all of those stories maybe it will kill you you know
everything he will probably kill you I would much rather drink bottle water
and you know something I think I'm inspired to do it just not because the other
got a call but that lady did it called even though she should know better right
just not with the bubbles and I like it with the bubbles I'm not gonna drink what
you like I'm gonna drink what I like how the bubble is gonna affect you so
maybe have a little more gas and now that we can't make those sounds anymore
well raspberry we can't make those sounds anymore don't worry about it right can
you believe that though actually that we can't play the fart sounds on here that
that is that is so extreme and this is one of the reasons that I think maybe I've
been as overcome by psychosis by this whole FCC business as anybody which is
what inspired me to start that ill-fated campaign that I dropped I dropped it
by the way folks we're not doing that anybody gave money you'll get it back
it never went through your money was never deposited you won't be charged it
was a bad idea let me say it again the people in the broadcast industry not
the public out there the people in the broadcast industry they're the ones who
should be going if we had if we had 500 people at two grand a piece like I was
putting up there that's a hundred grand last time I checked right right hundred
grand could buy a full page at any way say today and they could get 10 million
signatures and do something but the people in this business why the hell should I
be to want to stand up and scream and how are you just waste my time and frustrate
myself when there's nobody there to pick up the ball they just don't give a
crap they do not care I've seen it before and I'm seeing the same damn thing again
but it's just a way that certain nervous nilies in that place are overreacting
to this oh gee we call up corporate they said you can't do this you can't
just we'll stop calling them okay just calm down take a couple more than them heavy
duty pills 20 till two and in fact you know something you know where to get the
good crap you out of a stirrup ring and some good stuff in there me you I don't
know anything about good crap yeah how you don't my mister gonja there okay that's
not gone you on that's you know I'm gonna wait till when you make George look like an amateur
don't you just wait till Wednesday wait till Wednesday what when I'm not here when
what is that gonna mean oh Zach's gonna be there yeah is that the gun's your man
yaman all right we ought to have a great time Wednesday
oh
this one they're all you people know how a stoner's fear you know real high
you ask the brownies
you get that hot so glorious and they need to know the story so I ask them out for some
cannabis hope before we're long to buzz come up friends to love the part every day you're
in out we just can't stop one day we even hooked up with the cop smoking a big fat hook up
say I plant my seeds seeds seeds for my weed weed weed with shit we're free free free
to roll again I'm straight I plant my seeds seeds seeds for my weed weed weed for my bang
let me smoke that phone oh no thing will be that found the bomb bomb bomb I love when I smoke the
bomb just like she can choke yeah yeah that bomb bomb bomb bomb you look at that hot so glorious
that the age of nine I was curious so I asked my mom for some cannabis you just smoke
before we're long to buzz come up friends to love the part every day you're in out we just can't
stop one day we even hooked up with the cop smoking a big fat hook up say I plant my seeds
seeds seeds for my weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed weed for my bang
let me smoke that phone oh no thing will be that found the bomb bomb bomb I love when I smoke the
bomb just like she can choke yeah yeah absolutely that bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb take him in man yeah pass him out over here
147 I'm feeling that this fax that he just sent me about this water I'm not going to mention the name
of it this water I'll buy with a brand name on it that was probably sent by the guy that called
when you think I would think so yeah yes who's peddling a product which you know that's fine and
the more power to you hope you make a zillion dollars and to save everybody's life but I just I
don't like people that want to use me like that okay oh no I want to save your life and I'll save
somebody else like in godfather three love somebody else remember that didn't see it
this is cute though Canadian rocker Al Ainess Morseh didn't bear her breast like Janet Jackson
but she did bear her soul last night at Canada's annual music awards in Edmonton
demonstrating her to stay for what she called hypocritical US censorship and she's right on you go boy a girl
hosting the 2004 Juno Awards ceremony is Canada's version of the Grammys Morseh set this
roll down stage to reveal a skin colored naked body suit with nipples and pubic hair
as part of the skit Morseh set was then told by the shows assistant director that actually we
can't show nipples or pubic hair on national TV in which time the Ottawa-born singer pulled off
the fake body parts like just like that the satirical acts as Morseh set was aimed at US
government institutions for overreacting to cultural free expression as a result of the fall
out surrounding Janet Jackson's Super Bowl booby thing when her breast was accidentally exposed
to millions of TV viewers as you may or may not be aware recently in the US I went into a little
problem with regard to a lyric in one of my songs Morseh told the near sellout audience of 17,000
referring to her latest released titled everything the song includes the lyrics I can be a
f***hole of the grandest kind another one of those words we can't say anymore it was requested
that I change a word in the first verse while I'm overjoyed to be back at my homeland the
true north strong and censor free she said American radio station threatened recently to ban the song
forcing Morseh set to change the controversial word to nightmare candidate word is
s***hole but in the US it's nightmare which is a nightmare for all of us
as tongue and cheeky of Jackson should be granted cultural refugee status in Canada Morseh
every spotted now that's a good idea hey that's what she said it's a pretty good idea hey
nice going all in this Morseh you go girl see the difference one of the many many differences
including all the weed differences but we don't want to talk about all that we want to talk
about water no come on don't you I mean what kind of crap is that we're talking about water
where did that get started from just because we got into a thing about diet soda right
always that woman that started like I said bug off honey okay you mean well but go away
775 votes on a poll how much do you care about the marlins not at all zero nada you can't force me
225 29% there's only one way we're gonna fill up that stadium in the after tomorrow and you know
who that is yeah give away thousands and thousands of tickets fill up those sections bank have orgies
there popping pills all kinds of stuff going on I'm a fan I'll go to a few games 217 a little bit
194 they care about the marlins a little teeny tiny wee bit a lot I'm a huge fan honest 112 14.4
percent the numbers going down not a good sign Jeffrey and I'm a baseball fan but not a Marlin fan
28 out of dang near 880 votes what's all the stuff you're fixing me now pages and pages what is that
pages oh no it's delayed reaction I don't oh no
have you ever have you ever printed something out and you didn't realize how long it was
and how many pages it was gonna take yeah so being the schmuck that I am I look up I did a search
during the break on Asperer Tame so here is a Asperer Tame toxicity information center
so I started looking at it and I didn't have time to you know read the whole thing so I
figure well I'll print this couple of pages out and read some of these things on the air
page well let's see how many pages did I want to be getting 11 page one of guess now yes how many pages
there are 30 guess again 40 keep going you're not even warm yet 102 keep going you're not even close
yet page one of 375 oh my god wow it's an end-to-the-thing I looked at over there because I heard
the pages just puking off of my fax machine page one of 375 I don't want to say that the
anti-asperate people are fanatic or like when a guy calls it it's a conspiracy at that point I
become just a little bit wary you know what I'm saying and you blame me blame you for what
the for the you you printed the page and then you blame me for fashing you stuff yeah what's all
this crap your sent me five six five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t oh I
got to get that lester about bushing the environment scarcity this is just incredible but we
got to do the break 152 a qa m
all
living in my graveyard
you
You and me we come from different worlds I like to wear my cypress with them
with those girls Something I'm crazy They wonder why I go out
dressed like this is cuz I'm a rabbi but there's nothing I can do
I'm happy I was born with you
That's you?
You look at me and it's very plain to see I don't believe in Jesus Christ's divinity
I won't eat, not in kosher cow
But the pay-to-bank cake sure would hit the spot right now
Oh right, there's nothing I can do I'm happy I was born with you
Totally Hebrew
Put her on a little half hat and dress up really strange
Then I'll spend the afternoon searching my couch for change
I'll call her my best friend so we'll go out for my surf balls
Then I'll tell him that I forgot my wallet and he'll pay for me
I can't help it if I'm singing I'm happy I was born with you
Totally Hebrew
Rabbi I was born with you
Oh ho ho ho ho ho
I'm thinking of hate
I'm rapping I was born with you
You must be a bit too happy for me
Gildy, Rimmer, you must be a hot people
Anyway, I just real quickly bush attacks environment scares stories
George W. Bush's campaign workers hit on the age old political tactic
to deal with a tricky subject of global warming, deny that I aggressively
The observer in England has obtained a remarkable email said to press secretaries of all Republican congressmen advising them
What to say when questioned on the environment and the run up to the election
The advice tell them everything is rosy there ain't no problem
There's no global warming and the whole story is on our website
Also Big Arnie says Coca-Cola is great flat
I love to bottle it open it, throw away the top and then day or two it's awesome
It becomes like Cola punch, give it a try
And to prove that Arnie has at least consistent
Also it goes well with soggy salad and he says he likes soggy Cheerios too
He's got magnificent taste which is why Big Arnie listen to the New Roger Show
Am I right?
Okay
I'm right
Anyway the man dogs coming up next and then Joseph Gackie for number four
Marlins baseball in New tomorrow we salute those marlins don't worry
Bye bye bye
Send me a Roger Show I'm rising to the MQA and Miami for my day
Enough for the suckin' already
Out!
