I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a naked戒譏男郭忌私人 Always anxious to look at doctors.
I'm a naked戒譏男郭忌私人 Always anxiety to face images of cars, etc.
I'm a word of duty.
I'm a word of duty.
in line to get seated for a really long time. They do that at Denny Lenny Lenny. America
others are new all you can eat Grand Slam breakfast venue at Lenny's. It's
everything you already expect from Lenny's just a lot more of it at room
temperature. You turk 10101 at 560 WQM happy Friday to you what a great day
this is gonna be can't you feel it can't you smell it it is great Friday. It is
it's especially good Friday anyway here the reason I played the Lenny's Denny's
which I had forgotten how cute that is it's pretty good yeah especially
the part about the sausages that look like dog turds anyway that's gonna be
our pool today and it's a good thing we stumbled on that yesterday what just
I said back to you what inspired me for that something yesterday something
about Applebee yeah talking about with Applebee's I worked there for a little
bit no but yeah but that came after for some reason it came into the
conversation or whatever I must have been a story about somebody who like
spitting the super something anyway but that couldn't have been an Applebee's
so that's gonna be our poll what is the worst sit down no drive through
restaurant chain in America see I had to put no drive through in there right
because otherwise they'll say oh well we think it's staking shame we're not
talking about fast food we've done those polls a million times this we've never
done this one the sit down chain a sit down joint and we got a list so far
Denny's chilies Applebee's Perkins pancake house I hopped in the melting pot
and the question isn't how many sit down chains can you name now sure name a sit down
chain no name 10 okay now first here's yesterday's pool America's best radio
talk show host non-sports we're talking about non-sports not sports people me
arrived you know I was hovered over 61% all along but then about a half hour
before the show started the Randian Phil people are you sure got into a
a hissy fit there on the pool you know like I'm gonna show you so here's the
final two thousand thirty five votes not too shabby the O'Ride is twelve
hundred and thirty four one two three four sixty point six percent so I'm a
best radio talk show host in the universe thank you so much and I wouldn't
argue with that Howard Stern two fifty nine remember that let me just also
take it this those numbers that came out yesterday see if if clearance and
definitely we're on the ball they would have told us this but the uh...
February twenty six was the day that clear channel the yank Howard Stern off the
here in south Florida okay so it's starting to show they're already in this
particular last trend because it went through like the first the Wednesday in
March so it's got a week of that in there and I'm gonna tell you wbg g big
ain't so big no more you know what I mean absolutely wow they're already starting
to do the vanishing act just and that's just with one week out of the twelve
weeks of the survey period with no more Howard so I'm thinking of myself boy oh
boy just waiting uh... i think it's April twenty eight
look on your did you write it on their twenty eight is the full book
or twenty nine
finally that's when the whole uh... wait wait wait there the book is coming
twenty twenty thirty at any rate uh... then you're gonna start seeing so it's
gonna be amazing anyway Howard Stern two fifty nine Randy Rhodes hundred and
twenty seven
who are out there hung up on yesterday
feel Henry hundred twenty four are you sure so Randy beat out of the bill are
you sure are you sure are you sure are you sure
right from about fifty three
aren't you surprised you only got fifty three that's amazing to me
well there are so many other good options for them to vote for
like Scott from all of thirty eight
and then i'm gonna tell you who must be really fantastic i'm gonna have to start
listening
in fact today new and i'll have to let you do the last couple hours so i can
listen online
al franken he's only done two shows he's already got thirty four votes is the best
talk show host in america
wow he must be spectacular i haven't even heard him yet and he's my favorite
already right in fact i haven't heard him and i think he's gonna be the best
in the world
art bill twenty nine
michael savaged twenty five bill or only twenty four
his radio show still don't show up in the market at all shun handy nineteen
tada schnipmeister nineteen
who's uh... like russian junior
don i miss seventeen which is pretty good for a dead man alice rantell eleven is
what she's got
dr. Laura's got eight
g-gordan lady seven
tom don't like his five and allie north's got a pair
i would have a little uh... what i'll go and get up to seven ice gone g
was to answer my story rats for lunch
so we got the jury howl well and i said it jorge before the show she looks like an
old bag to be honest with in our real i she's only let's see twenty four thirty
she's only thirty one and a half
right now she's got one of those faces
but those british women and i've seen many many many way too many of those
videos of hers because in in europe of course they're just obsessed
with any of those british performers and especially the spicy girls
she was born in what for the herdyspher her her her her her for sure
i'll say that england
and uh... let the spice girls may thirty may what
but thirty nineteen ninety eight but anyway there she is she's got every every
week you would for a while or she's coming out with a new record
jerald dean is still hallowell well born august seven nineteen seventy two
this is a really crappy thirty from really a bio but anyway you don't need
more about that except you got three pictures for the price of one
and i i'm shocked that we are even already getting the uh...
now not happening
where we can't where we get overload on the computer i guess they don't care
about her that much
you think or here's a bad was it should have started with us because we try
to give it the body count every day since the media hiding it pretty good
u.s soldier and marine killed in whistleblower the white house wants to
silence speaks to the independent
a former translator for the fby with top secret security clearance as she is
provided information to the panel investigating the eleven september attacks
which proves that senior officials new of al-Qaeda's plans to attack the u.s.
with aircraft months before it happened
she said the claim by national security adviser condolese or rice that there was
no such information was an outrageous lie
civil edmund said she spent more than three hours in a closed session with
the commission's investigators providing information that was circulating
within the fby in the spring and summer of two thousand one
suggesting that an attack using aircraft with just months away and that the
terrorists were in place the bush administration meanwhile as sought to
silence her and is obtained a gag order from a court by setting the rarely used
state secrets privilege
she told the independent yesterday i gave the commission details of specific
investigation files the specific date specific target information specific
managers in charging investigation
i gave them everything so they could go back and follow up this is not here say
these are things that are documented these things can be established very easily
she had a there was general information about the time frame and about methods
to be used but not specifically about how they would be used and about people
being in place and who was ordering these sorts of a terror attacks there were
other cities that were mentioned major cities with skyscrapers
the accusations from his admins thirty three a Turkish American who speaks
Azerbaijani farcey Turkish and English will reignite the controversy over the
administration door warnings about al-Qaeda
the issue of what the administration knew and when is central to the
investigation by the nine eleven commission
misses admins thirty three say she gave a reference to the commission in a
specially constructed secure room at its offices in Washington on 11th of
February she was hired as a translator for the FBI's Washington field office
September 13 2001 just two days after the al-Qaeda attacks her jobs were
her job was to translate documents and recordings from the FBI wiretabs
she said it was clear that there was sufficient information during the spring
and summer 2001 to indicate that terrorists were planning an attack
most of what i told the commission at ninety percent of it related to the
investigation that i was involved in or just from working in the department she
said two hundred translators side by side you get to see and hear a lot of
other things as well president push that they had no specific specific
information about nine eleven and then is accurate but only because he said
nine eleven she said there was however general information about the use of
airplanes and then the attack was just months away
to try to refute mr. Clark's accusations miss rice said the administration
did take steps to counter al-Qaeda but in an opinion piece the Washington post on
march 22nd miss rice wrote despite what some of suggested we received no
intelligence that terrorists were preparing to attack the home line using
airplanes as missiles those some analysts speculated that terrorists might
hijack planes to try and free usl terrorists miss edmund says by that you but
that by using the word we miss rice told an outrageous lie
she said rice says we not i that would include all people from the FBI the
the d.i. the defense intelligence agency and she says that's impossible
it is impossible at this stage to verify miss edmund's claims however some
senior u.s. senators testified to her quid abl in 2002 which he went public
with separate allegations relating to alleged incompetence and corruption within
the FBI's translation department how do you like that kind of leaves a big
big effort liars what i would say thirty four hundred we got thirty four hundred
bucks that's weak because in eighteen every day that's mine for stop
fc stop fcc dot u.s. and a hundred jurors little piker like jord puts in a
hundred and that should really be so that's nineteen said it means we got
fifteen hundred from the whole audience so far
weak don't you think i realize it's only one day and you know me i'm highly
impatient i have no patience whatsoever none
but yeah but if you want to help us get that out there in u.s.a. today and make
this petition drive really meaningful and a success and get that million
signatures uh... we can do it but we need uh... some cash
you can donate two bucks you can donate up to a thousand anything in between
five ten fifteen twenty twenty five thirty thirty five he's gone
uh... stop fcc dot u.s. it's right there at the top by one of the top
vanners don't get confused now with stop fcc dot com which is what we're
helping to put the ed and okay
are they confused maybe they are speaking of grandstanding and i'm starting
to get a little bit tired of the whole stern myster routine you know
see because i keep telling you this this issue is not just about him
and he could really be helping scott would this thing if you wanted to but i
don't forget to think that he is of them putting a little link on there which
uh... just gets lost in the middle of all the other ones
yes it was in april fools day joke following yet another letter yesterday from
Kansas senator san brownback to vikam c o o mill carmeson the howard stern show
signed on a sign on yesterday morning with announcement from k rock general
mannered tom q sano ladies and gentlemen i think you all know me this is tom q sano
i have to unfortunately be to the following announcement due to the recent
actions by the west government of the fcc the howard stern show is not a lot no
longer on our air neither infinity broadcasting or apparent company are willing
to put our licenses or our stockholders trust in jeopardy via com can no longer
bear the weight of the government pressures and its effect on our
corporation please continue to listen to the station and other affiliates as we
appreciate your loyalty and understand your needs while we're sorry to end the
howard stern show we promise quality program in the future in place of the
stern show till about seven twenty yesterday morning were cross and low pay is
key rock
o m operations manager robber cross and key rock dj danney a field good show
there was the antithesis of stern in his crew promising fun without the film
sounds like moh absolutely clean family fun and playing tunes from the likes of
Beyonce and john mayor when stern return to the airways at seven twenty
to a course of farce no less let me say it again tough when stern return to
the airways yesterday to a course of farce no less
the joke was revealed he spent the next 40 minutes talking with callers about how
the prank could be reality soon if anything this demonstrates what's going
out of what's going to happen here said stern so as an april fool's prank which
i'm like you said yesterday multiple of some stupid crap that's uh... kind
of childish groan yeah exactly anyway ten thirteen at five sixty so let's get
the cash going stop FCC dot us okay let's get going on that today no excuses
all these people it's at all well you get that started give us a way to help
you out we'll be more okay get on there right now today
what we got thirty what
thirty four hundred thirty four hundred eighteen hundred that's mine
hundred is yours so that means fifteen hundred from all these idiots of people
we have in our gigantic humongous audience out there radio land
let's get on it okay put your money where your mouth is and of course this is
going to be the ultimate test you want to know why why
because i've done it on other stations but this is the first time on qm that we've
ever asked people to donate for a cause without giving them something to return
you know because all the other the charity things we did here's the cd's
here's the mohawar david of the mad dog key chain you know you don't talk about
absolutely here they're not getting anything in return and it's not tax deductible
either so it's just a question whether people care enough about the first
amendment free speech to make a statement to have their voice heard and it helps
support a cause or maybe they don't we'll see
and whatever we do get the you know we certainly got enough now to get us
started uh... we'll put an ad of the size of whatever we can raise you know
over the next few weeks got it
hey listen to this right now because this is very important pompato park has an
out that they'll be racing all year long from now on all right i bet your fat
rich is dancing a kazatsuki right now now that's news to pay attention to but
even more important than that is coming up this monday april five is the last
free spaghetti night for the season at pompato park harness track and poker
that's right the last free spaghetti night is monday free rolls in butter free
salad a free heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce and it's all free
all you have to do is buy pop pop pop pop pop pop program for this monday april five
you get your free spaghetti dinner coupon good only this monday located just to
half mile from both i and i'd be five in the turn brackets easy to get to
pop and on park and best of all the track gives you free admission and free
general parking today and every day live harness racing in the poker room
open every monday wednesday friday like the night and saturday poker gets
underway noon goes on till midnight and the live racing gets underway night
we at seven o'clock
gals sees how the old parkers would die right there in a poker room it's really
exciting they'll give you a tour pompato park also open every day seven days
a nights a week for the simul casting the best in harness through a bread and
highlight action from all across north america for you to watch and plunge your
guts on pompato park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for
the current racing schedule just give them a call nine five four nine seven two
two thousand or go on the web at pompato park dot com don't forget the last
free spaghetti dinner of the season coming up this monday april five don't miss it
look at this is five sixty one three is all yours
now
q a m
hey it's how it how it's spam
five sixty w two a m would like to thank all you for making the five sixty
w q a m online auction a huge sucker yeah success
this is more how it is made it the desire of many men
social butterfly in country club cracker with today's lineup of items for the w q a m
online auction
never mind that
in a garbage bag the janitor brought it
what do we got this is nice a used Kleenex the
water graphed my duck Lindsey
that's special yeah and it's been appraised by our staff of specialists at seven hundred dollars
what else we got this is it's going clean or something oh yeah next item up for
bid to buy a waste from the unified to your Miami
personally autographed by Donna Shalala La La
bidding starts at twenty thousand
it's so costalos head oh yeah and it comes on a beautiful silver flathead
that you go for a hand made wallet from uh
king feedless bris look at that when you rub it it turns into a suitcase
put the rest of the stuff in there by the way so
for the highest big made today we're throwing in a
a lap dance by uh giga collos
I got the knotted thing here what's this is
oh this is a half-used in the bottle of my two-pay glue
now there's a resort price on this particular item
yes so thanks once again for helping five sixty
w gill am rise to the needs of your community
by enriching ourselves ten twenty at five sixty w two m all the scams all the time
tuckers got a great suggestion for the pool this is outstanding how could I forget
the olive garden oh yeah such a big time it always has a line outside must be the vanilla ice cream
crowd nice going tucker fabulous choice the olive garden it's a tag in it just on the
encouragement of others I voted it remember that time it I would do when they brought in food
after I've been ripping them they were going to they were going to show us the lettuce was so
wilted and brown man in fact it looked like I don't want to say it it was a nasty it was horrendous it
was grotesque I can't say it oh I can say this though Romanian priest our campaign across that
Balkan country the convinced believers not to watch a popular reality TV show that's broadcast
live sex oh Romanian media sit on Thursday what huh I didn't hear that the Romanian
the Romanian version of big brother where a group of young people lived together in a house with
live cameras was heavily fined by the country's media watchdog last month for broadcasting images
of two housemates having sex oh my god several christian denominations issued a rare joint statement
condemning the show as immoral and urging viewers to switch the channel this program is a very bad
taste an unhappy experiment on humans which morally destroys our youths said he statement from
the Romanian Orthodox patriarchy's website big brother offers a false system of values in which oh this
is a big brother which returns it for quality the truth becomes a lie and right couldn't do the
art minimized it said in Romania somebody go down there don't tell Michael Powell here's another
one this looks like rich pact is bringing to me yes boys he chronic or what yes he says what a
Charlie christ and John Kennedy junior heaven comment i'm gagging a little bit i'd just drag
some soda went down a wrong tube anyway what a Charlie christian John Kennedy junior heaven comment
blaming no it took five times to pass the bar both of them cute nice going rich for a change
okay let's get this let's go and maybe five six seven oh five sixty because i got a whole pile of
stuff here man i got piles like you wouldn't believe denys is in the lead i do like those mother
hump her pies though and and somebody tell us that they don't have those anymore they discontinued
the mother hump her pie i'm not sure what is the worst sit down restaurant chain in america no drive
through that that's the uh the deal and we're not talking about in the past you said sandbows there's
no more sandbows i think that was a racial thing that was a yoke uh 47 votes denys has 24 of them
why have nine apple these five chilies four melting pot three perkins pancake uh houses got
up here why why would they say that i don't know i like perkins pancake house there's one in
tampi believe on del mavery tampas got their better restaurants than uh Miami four lauderdale why is
that i don't i don't know what's up with that i don't know i mean you think that the ahus over there
that crystal will be good enough for them they do have crystal what what are you laughing about
you ever had crystal yeah no i'm not talking about your wife that's uh we we touched on it
yesterday one time too many five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and for
rise and wireless line they got that donatello's over there they got burns steakhouse right right
i mean we got Ruth chris which uh i mean it's so long since i've been to burns i can't really tell
you which are like better is burns or Ruth chris i can't tell it burns wq a m hello
oh good morning Neil how are you yes sir you got one for your poll i don't know if it's just
technically qualified but the rally let's check this out hey we're passing by the committee
what is it the rascal house is it chain well there two if we have them around at qualified
there two or three where are the other two there's one in bocah oh there is the rest of
the north in bocah oh there's a rascal house in bocah sure oh my god
i didn't work okay i will get it on there if there's more than one that's good enough for me i
hate the rascal house well with all apologies to the Hebrew hammer i can't admit that places for
our barbarians even co-nanimote there a brine the rascal house i like that that's a good choice
five six seven oh five sixty there but you've got to be a thousand of these don't you think how about
some of them a little steakhouse chains like ponderosa but we'll wait so i want to start mentioning
them because we'll wait and give these people oh i got just too much stuff here you know too much stuff
wq i have a good choice five six seven oh five oh no yes sir i bought some ticket
daily cafe okay i'm serious is that a yeah i guess it is a chain isn't it uh hi Sally
uh-huh like i said we'll put it on anyway even though it's him that butthole
what can we say butthole i just did i'm not i'm not paying any attention to them anymore i'm
i'm i'm not asking any more questions i know the ones that we can't say and i'm not saying
well can we say that it's gotten i'm just i'm just doing the show i'm tired of nervous nellies
well you know hyperventilating let them go get some professional help as my suggestion to those
people okay we had a nice solid seven three and men in last month we had a nice trend yesterday
and we're moving on up and as soon as that no speaking english oldy moldy stuff wears off as soon
as a glory of that and so many you uh uh spicks out there wake up and join the upper raid and become
american then it would be really nice you know instead of listening to uh ooyoshi ho ** ago
see even on our friend called yesterday he never really told us any of the artists that that
there planning i said are they paying see their crews no uh well who are they way but they didn't
state it didn't tell us i said louise McGell no i'm seedy screaming I'm dead now but now remember when
time was a light i was loosing what's visible to me when you went in to flour no no no no no no no no no no
it's fact what a built tanner marked fully and charlie crisps huh having a comment i
I think that's our poll question today.
I'm serious.
I mean, Bill Tanner's right in there killing us with his advocacy for those no speaking
English stations because he's got a vested interest.
There's see, I look at that whole deal.
I see a conflict of interest, don't you?
Oh, yeah.
He's the consultant for QAM, which is an English language station in South Florida.
It's his real rarity these days if he acts me.
And he's also consultant for a whole chain of Spanish language radio stations.
And he's always running to Arbitron.
Oh, we'll see the Spanish stations are getting under a sample.
Yeah, right.
WDQAM Line 9.
Hello.
Whoa, another poll today.
That was sensational.
Oh, no, he's starting to call.
Oh, that was a beautiful thing.
5'6'7".
Oh, 5'60".
Man.
WQAM.
Hello.
Not there on Line 8.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
George, how you doing, man?
Pee-ching.
I got a question about your phone numbers.
You only give up the 5'6'7".
The area code doesn't matter or is it wherever you're at.
Data-broward.
Oh, OK, it does work.
Because I tried 9'5'4".
Never get in there.
End of calling 3'5".
I didn't listen to Randy yesterday, but the first day of our five-hour, we're out.
She had on Ralph Nader.
Yeah, he hung up on her.
I got the story here a little later on.
Yeah, but not until after she ripped them big time.
Right.
Tell him that the basic radio's number crisis could be the fourth guy.
Right.
So, I mean, she put up a hell of a fight.
Yeah, well, she made Katrina Van Inhuvel from the nation.
OK.
She made her column.
She got a nice mention in there.
In fact, I'll get to it eventually if I can find in my pile here.
I'll get to it.
Oh, here it is.
She's the only one that really knows radio for what it is.
Radio.
The other people are all actors, comedians, or whatnot.
Yeah, it's going to take a little while just to leave all of that palm beach,
your cemetery village crowd behind her.
And just get on to what doing what it is that she's done with.
Yeah, I think she'll work that, but she really got hot way in the end of the news.
You go, girl.
All right.
Take it easy.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Hi.
Randy, the goddess.
She's doing it.
Wow.
Like I said, we wish you're nothing but the best.
And of course, you know, Georgia's just got a personal grudge.
What you talking about?
What is it?
I think it has to do with Anna Maria.
Then he's 34.
The worst sit down chain in America.
No drive-through.
Then he's 34.
I'll see people who say, well, you can sit down and McDonald's here,
but they got a drive-through.
See, that's why I put that in her because it differentiates.
Then he's 34.
I hop 11.
I hop right out of that place.
In fact, I did spots for them once upon a time under great duress.
I'm sorry, I did them.
Applebee's 10.
Olive Garden's 7.
All right.
We just put it on her to Olive Garden.
So I already got 7.
Oh, thank heaven.
Chili's in God's 6.
I like chili's pretty good.
So for what it is, they got good soup, right?
I mean, it's got a fancy, fancy place.
It's so chicken fingers.
Forkinspancake has 5.
Shame on you.
Multipod 5.
Pick it up, let's cap it, everyone.
And a rascal, how's it going to have any yet?
My life is pretty long.
Here's the horse we need to fight since it's not QAM.
Tonight, my Uncle Tony joined my wife and kids at the Olive Tree restaurant.
Now, my Uncle Tony, he's in the Talignin cuisine connoisseur.
If it ain't perfect, he's not happy.
Now, I couldn't believe it when he said the chicken parmesan was the best it ever tasted.
Plus, he kept raven about the free breadsticks and all the salad you could eat.
My Uncle Tony recommends you come down to the Olive Tree because when you're here, you're family.
And by that, I mean, you know, in the family.
Like last night, this couple was done eating, right?
And they were walking out and my Uncle says, what are you going?
And they say, we're heading out to see a movie.
And Tony says, huh, huh, not until you head down to the 4A club and put a head on a f***er, cobo moroni.
And these people freaked out, right?
They started laughing because they didn't realize my Uncle was serious.
And then, once you eat at the Olive Tree, you're in the family, right?
So Tony stands up and he says, what's so funny?
Do I am news you? Am I some kind of clown or something?
Then he takes a steak knife, right?
And he starts sticking this guy and he's sticking him and sticking him, right?
Well, anyway, the meal was f***ing great.
The Olive Tree restaurant when you're here, your family.
For ever.
Good bleep center, thank God.
Oh, I was a bad bleep.
That one was bad?
I don't know.
I thought it was very good.
I thought it was excellent.
I'm the bleep judge, by the way.
I thought it was fine.
Maybe we'll find it a little bit.
Just calm down.
Somebody says pizza hut.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Somebody says waffle house.
I don't think I've ever eaten it to waffle house, at least not in 80 million years.
It's like a, it's like a, some more you eat on the road like chonies.
Yeah.
And what about chonies?
You want to put chonies on there?
We could.
We could.
Now, who was saying chonies is terrible?
Did you say that?
It wasn't me.
It was somebody else in here this morning.
Oh, somebody arrow.
Josh, dear.
What is taste is, oh, I don't want to tell you where his taste is.
We can't.
I think you got a pretty good, well, be said, go something.
At any rate, chonies, waffle house, pizza, there's some good ones.
The worst pizza you write is just, although it was really good back on Zayn today's, but that's because they used to make special stuff for us.
What day's to buy it somewhere else?
Probably.
It's the pickup.
They certainly didn't get it.
Oh, and I got another good one for you.
Well, wait a minute.
Sit down restaurant.
Domino's don't have no sit down restaurant.
Just to deliver you joy, right?
Correct.
Oh, damn it.
Anyway, after a cent set a petition opposing indecency legislation, the union yesterday set a collective nearly 1500 letters and signatures.
It's collective expressing opposition to Senate's broadcast, DECENSEE enforcement act, which would, among other things, increase the fines the FCC can impose against artists and other non-FCC licenses.
After assistant national executive director and public policy and strategic planning, Rebecca Ryan, what a title.
Rebecca Ryan says this initial response, overwhelming for such a short period of time, confirms that serious concerns exist among performers about finding individuals for corporate decisions.
She continues the focused ought to be and how media consolidation creates fewer choices for the public and fewer outlets for diverse programming.
It is clear that a half a million dollar fine will result in a chilling effect on artistic freedom and she is absolutely correct.
Exactly.
Rebecca, how do you like that?
So they had 1500 letters and signatures which they collected in a short time.
Scott there on at stopfcc.com, he's got 144,000 plus signatures, which he's managed to collect with quite frankly a very little organized help, which is pretty sad.
But that's why we're trying to raise that money on stopfcc.us so we can take out a national ad in USA today and millions of people all over the country will see it.
Who are not in favor of children of speech, who are not in favor of censorship, who are not in favor of Schmidt, Kennedy, a first amendment and the freedom of speech, and we're going to be pissed off enough to sign a petition.
We hope, right? We hope.
In fact, this might inspire you a little bit along the same lines.
Soapop, where has it become a potential target in the FCC crackdown on broadcast and decency?
Oh my God.
According to a key official who said the program might be too steamy for daytime TV.
Michael J. Cops, the FCC commissioner, has led the agency's campaign against adult-oriented radio programs.
Told reporters yesterday that the FCC should review whether soap operas violate the agency's indecency prohibitions.
According to TV, we can industry trade publication.
Mr. Cops, one of the two out Democrats on the five member FCC panel, said he stumbled across a racie soap opera scene while channel surfing recently.
It was pretty steamy stuff for the middle of the afternoon, Mr. Cops said.
Under FCC rules over the RTV and radio stations cannot broadcast material involving sexual and expatory functions between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. when children might tune in.
The FCC does not regulate content that airs on cable and satellite television.
Yet, Mr. Cops made his remarks after an NAB summit on responsible programming.
The day long meeting was closed to the press.
Although Mr. Cops won several FCC officials attended, met with reporters up afterward.
Mr. Cops could not be reached yesterday because he was traveling.
The commissioners remarked that not necessarily mean he'll seek an investigation into soap operas or daytime TV in general.
FCC chairman Michael Powell declined comment when he was asked at the summit about Mr. Cops remarks.
Representatives for other FCC commissioners and ABC, CBS and NBC all over here soap operas didn't return phone calls or decline comment.
Legislation that would dramatically raise fines against broadcasters is moving through Congress.
Soap operas have largely escaped public criticism, although the programs have started to show more skin in recent years.
All right.
CBS representatives have denied published reports that the recent firing of guiding light producer John Conboy was linked to new sensitivities about indecency.
Mr. Conboy was dismissed in February about a week after the show aired a scene in which a character pulled down her boyfriend's underpants, revealing his bare bottom.
The amount of sex featured on daytime serials has usually blown out of proportion.
According to Lynn Leahy, editor of the director of soap operas digested soap operas weekly, the industry's leading publications.
Most viewers watched the programs because their interest in the stories about romance and family relationships, she said.
The bottom line is these shows are about romance, not sex.
It's always been that way and it's always going to be that way.
How do you like that?
The nine day time drama is drawing on how many people I give up how many million about 30 million viewers a week,
but ratings have fallen steadily the past two decades.
There's more women, the traditional audience for soap operas have entered the workforce and of course a lot of Marvel so much and jury's
Springer and are watching Jenny Jones and are watching what's your name at the spick one?
Christina.
Christina.
No speaking English, Christina.
And things like that.
All of these things.
Montel, etc.
Oh, here's one from Bill and four Lauderdale for our list.
For the pool, how could you forget the sizzler?
Right, I don't know if I have right there.
I guess they're probably still around.
They want?
Not anymore, no.
They're gone?
Yeah, I thought they were gone.
Okay, so I don't put it on there.
If the sizzler's gone, maybe it fills a little bit behind the time.
Maybe he just don't know how to get in the right meat.
I mean, if you want all, you can eat shrimp.
It was great.
Are you eating?
I can eat one?
See them.
Denny's 48.
The worst sit down restaurant in America.
Not drive through.
Restaurant chain now.
It's got to be a chain.
Not one of you will arrive here tonight.
Denny's 48.
Applebee's 18.
I have 16.
The olivigardans zooming up there with 15.
It blows.
Chili's 10.
Melting pot 8.
Piquetville cafeteria 6.
What about speaking of cafeteria's?
Is Morrison still in business?
I reckon.
I don't know.
It's got to be.
It's got to be.
Morrison.
Oi!
Or you got to bring your own teeth in a glass.
I bet you have.
Let's put Morrison's on.
I'm sure it's still in business.
It's got to be.
Or is that the same as Piquetville cafeteria day by the mountain?
I don't know.
Put it on there.
I think Morrison's is still around.
Twenty before 11 at 5.
Sixty W.
Who have the mad dog at 2?
Joseph Gackie at 4.
Exactly.
Marlins on deck at 6.
Fifty five.
We've got pre-season baseball.
Marlins at the Metz and Port St.
Loosely at the 7.
10.
Any K after the baseball catch.
I'm more.
This is Sports Radio Feist.
You way up.
I just did Larry King and they don't come.
Any better than Neil Roger.
Starting next week on 5.
60 W.
Q.A.
It's my free sport hold.
Starting Greg Reed as Uncle Greg.
Oh, how are David?
Gildy Gilders leaves and gay carlo.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Princess E.
Why are you doing?
What's going on here?
They're achieving me, Uncle Greg.
And I have a big day tonight.
Good.
All right, both of you.
Cut that out.
I want all you kids out of my kids.
Oh, right.
Yo, Mo.
Yeah, boss.
Would you give me a haircut?
Sure.
Thanks for the right time.
Yeah, I'm delivering this $50 million check to Mark Rocky Rackickel
who has helped put us out of business, you see.
What's out of business?
That don't make sense.
Well, life gets boring.
You'll never mind.
Yeah, I know what I'm doing.
Now cut my hair.
Okay, boss.
And what's that noise?
Well, that's Gildy and crowning in a bowl of soup.
Well, can't he swim?
I let him die.
Hello.
What's this sticking out the side of my head?
That's your ear.
I could cut that off too, if you like.
Oh, yeah, that's it.
Yo, cut that out.
What have you say, pal?
No, that's it.
That's it.
My green sport bowl.
Only on 560 W-Q-A-F.
Your community might.
It's sports or how?
Yeah, I'm going to tell you how stupid they are.
If they had any brains at all, you know how cheap they could get both a brine
like to do a little part of that morning deal.
You know what I'm saying?
Doin' a mo voice and a Gildy voice and throne an occasional guest appearance by Greg Wede, aka Jack Benny.
And it would get a 30 share.
I'm telling you right now.
Yeah, what?
But anyway.
They're showing on CNN the Amish are vacationing in Sarisota.
Are they?
Which Amrily Shockers, they show them at the beach and there's all those nearly naked people running around around them.
I think they probably have to like, I don't know, cover up their eyes.
Maybe.
Well, the youngsters are allowed to, you know, cut loose.
They are?
Yeah, they are.
They want the Amish nut because I got that book now.
The Amish will only want sincere Amish joining up.
So when you're a youngster, a teenager, and a young adult, you're allowed to do what?
Run out there and do whatever you want.
Not watch TV.
No, you can go out and radio.
Certainly not watch Baywatch.
Do anything you want.
And if you want to come back at that point, they will, you know, you swear the old days.
So it's like a test run.
Right.
And if you're up to their standards and you come back and live on a farm.
Right.
But they want to see your true life with no electric, no radio, no TV, no motor cars, not a single luxury.
Right.
No electric razors, things like that.
No.
Bush council called 911 panelists before Clark testified.
This is very disturbing.
I got 80 million stories here and I will drop them in because this is important crap.
Even though a lot of people don't care.
But then again, President Bush's top lawyer placed a telephone call to release one of the Republican members of 911 commission when the panel was gathered in Washington, March 24th, the testimony of Dick Clark.
According to people with direct knowledge of the calls of the Washington Post, White House council Alberto Gonzalez called Commissioner Fred Fielding, one of the five Republican members of the body.
According to one observer also called Republican commission chamber, a member Jim Thompson, who's just obnoxious, representative Henry Waxman, the American Democrat on the House Government Reform Committee.
Wrote to Gonzalez yesterday asking to confirm and describe the conversations.
Waxman said it would be unusual of such as part a contact occurred during the hearing.
He didn't let anything would be illegal in such phone calls, but suggested that such contacts would be improper because the conduct of the White House is one of the key issues being investigated by the commission.
White House spokesman were unable to get a response from Gonzalez. How do you like that? I just mentioned that in passing.
But the good news is Condoleezza, our favorite.
Our favorite get tooth lie in bitch is going to testify on April 8th.
Ready for that? That sounds like next Thursday to me.
Responding the heavy political pressure from both Republicans and Democrats, the White House made an abrupt about face on Tuesday.
Agreed to allow rights to testify publicly and under oath after insisting she only speaking the panel privately, but because it was a political nightmare for them, they said, okay, whatever you say, looks bad.
Right. I mean, talk about transparent and obvious. No, no, he thinks it's a good idea now.
Oh, man. Oh, you love this story.
This is from the Guardian UK. See, if you want to read good news, meaningful news, most American newspapers are pure crap. Okay. He just get propaganda.
Oh, and that thing about the pictures. I got a story on that later on, but I just I didn't talk about that yesterday. All this argument about, well, whether, whether they want to show those graphic images of the dead soldiers and the way that they trashed their body, of course, we want to see those pictures because that's the same thing that happened in Vietnam.
The American public needs to know this isn't some kind of a cakewalk in a park and they're not being handed flowers and candy.
That American kids are being butchered over there every day.
So this business about, well, it's just insensitive to put those pictures on the front page. They ought to be forced to look at those pictures every American so they understand what this is all about.
All this butchery that's going on over there.
Insanity. Oh, and speaking of that during one of the very likely breaks we have the thing. I got to grab that Richard Clark book. I almost forgot because I got just a couple of pages that I want to read too.
Oh, good. Yeah. Anyway, the Israeli government is written to the BBC accusing its Middle East correspondent or a guillotine of anti-Semitism and total identification with the goals and methods of the Palestinian terror groups over a report on a 16-year-old who will be suicide bomber last week.
Nathan Sharansky, Israel's minister for diaspora affairs, complained that Giron had portrayed the army's handling of the rest of Hassan Abdul who was captured with explosives, grabbed his chest.
As cynical manipulation of a Palestinian youngster for propaganda purposes, he said this revealed a deep-seated bias against Israel.
The BBC said it was looking into the complaint to first buy the Israeli government since late last year when it lifted a boycott of the corporation of the
corporation imposed in protest at a documentary on the Jewish state's weapon of mass destruction.
But the letter comes as several foreign news organizations, complaint of increasing government pressure to curtail critical coverage or to report stories, Israel believes helped identify the Palestinian conflict with global Islamist terrorism.
Officials have presented editors with dossiers and individual reporters and single-hour organizations such as Sky News for allegedly having an anti-Israel agenda.
I could read the whole thing but I'm not going to do it. I just want to give to that one part.
Last month, the Israeli Foreign Minister Silvam Shalom pulled out of an interview on Sky's Sunday with Anna Bolton after the show refused to cancel an appearance by the Palestinian representative in London.
CNN sources say the network is about a considerable pressure on its editors. Israeli officials boast they now have only to call the number at the network's headquarters in Atlanta that CNN to pull any story they do not like.
I should probably read that paragraph again. Yeah, I didn't understand that it was English. CNN sources say the network is about the considerable pressure on its editors. Israeli officials boast that all they have to do is call the number at the network's headquarters in Atlanta to pull any story they do not like.
Oh, I just mentioned that in passing. I think you're not getting the real news of course.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the ATO speaking of Andy. I got to read this one now. Katrina Van Den Hovel in the nation, which she's great.
Conservatives for NATO are not a large group.
Ralph Nader continues to fantasize that his candidacy will succeed in peeling as many Republican and independent votes away from Bush as progressive votes from Kerry.
But as Comic John Stewart quips, Conservatives for NATO are not a large group about the same size as retarded death row Texans for Bush.
The problem is as Micah Cipri writes in his smart web log, all the polls show Nader drawing anywhere between 3 and 7% of the vote with the internal skewing heavily to the left.
Sure, some people will vote for Nader, what otherwise not have voted for all at all, but it's clear that most of the Nader's support, whether he tops his 2000 showing of 2.7% or not, will come from any who would otherwise vote for John Kerry.
This does not decure Nader, and her front page story yesterday is New York Times, and in a live honor appearance on the brand new Liberal Radio Network, Air America, he seemed to relish tweaking friends and former allies.
He even hung up the phone in the live honor interview with one of America's hottest radio host Randy Rhodes, who was challenging him about why he felt the need to campaign in swing states among other key issues.
The click came after the two engaged in a bitter discussion about progressive values and political strategy in this election beyond.
Nice going, Randy, I told you she was going to be great if there was a Palm Beach, a Yenthal's believe her alone.
So anyway, Katrina says, let's hope Nader has a more productive dialogue with Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry when they meet sometime this month in a meeting before he requested by Nader.
As for my position, I need to ask you to zoom.
We already had that on our website, the previous one, open letter.
Get lost Ralph, okay, go away with that big fat ego you resume because sick.
So I do like that. There's a nice, you know, Randy was complaining she's not getting any recognition.
There you go, girl.
You go girl Katrina Van Dyth, who will know less than the editor of the nation, gives you a nice plug there.
Okay, and she got Nader so what? See, nobody told us the other day.
They told us that she grilled him real good. Nobody told us that he got so flustered that he hung up on her.
Nice going, Randy.
And the, and Maria still says no, 34 E3 by the way. What is it? 34 83.
34 83 34 83 bucks for stop FCC. Well, it's creeping along there.
Our goal today is to get the what the 5,000 by the end of the show.
What? I beg your pardon? Okay.
Like I said, our goal today is to get to 4,000 by the end of the show.
Listen, 1900 that money in there is yours in mine.
Okay. See, one anytime I get behind a cross, I put my money where my mouth is.
And I make a few bucks, but I got 1800 bucks in there already.
Oh, you have a big mouth. So you have to match it with your big mouth.
And I'm going to say it again with a little peep out like you.
I don't think we can say piss pot in there.
Or peep out like you can put 100 bucks in there who's got two kids in a wife to support and a dog.
Right. Several mistresses. Right.
And still, and I didn't, I want the audience to know this.
I didn't expect you to put in anything.
This just came out of nowhere. Yes, they were discussing with Eric and trying to get this thing going.
So we can get it functional and all these people that are just itching to help us out with his cause supposedly.
And George said, I'll put in 100. I know what?
It's important. It's hugely important.
But it realizes that.
Well, no, it's only freedom of speech. It's only our ability to do the show.
It's only everybody's ability to stay on the year.
It's only the ability of people out there to still watch what shows they want to see on cable and satellite and on TV and over the radio, etc.
And read what books they want to read. This is just the beginning and you'll notice how fast they're moving.
Man, it's like a gigantic snowball rolling downhill.
Without freedom of speech, we won't be able to complain when they stuff us into box cars.
Shut up.
So anyway, George put it in his hundreds so we go about 34 something.
Let's get to 4000 by the end of the show today.
Okay. A thousand a day keeps the old pain in the ass of Kajara away.
Okay. Keep me off your ass. Right.
Right. Because our goal is to get to about 30 grand.
Now, maybe that's totally unrealistic. We've never done this before on this station.
I did it on I and Z. No problem at all. We raised, I don't know what it was. I don't know how many grand, but we, you know, we can't see grand in like a year.
Why? We can get to 30 grand this time next year.
Oh, not any year. Not any year.
We don't have a year to jittle around with us. Okay.
My deadline would have to be like at the end of May, like around the first of June.
Because after very shortly after the first of June, everybody takes off with the kids and they vanish for the summertime.
So by the first of June, it's the very latest. I'd like to see that at an area in USA today and get this thing going stop FCC.us.
And what seemed to me since we got thousands of people to sign a petition from Florida, from South Florida, stop FCC.com, that if each one of those people would donate like even just the two bucks we'd have,
uh, allow a lot more than we could put a half page full page ad in there.
We can get five million signatures. They're just slap them signatures up to their armpits.
But we'll see if these people are going to put their money where their mouth is.
And you know the three dollar and a five dollar donations they're fine. They add up.
But where are the people out there with a hundred and a 200 and a 500? Where are those people?
They're out there. We're waiting on you.
Talk is cheap, man. Everybody talks to go to the end. Well, we're just waiting. We're going to help you out.
Okay. Go for it. WQA and hello. Not there. WQM. Hello.
Yes. How are you doing? You?
Pretty good.
Uh-huh.
You were talking about maricies before. I think overticked by Piccadilly, at least down here in Hollywood.
Oh, is that it? Yeah. Uh, and unfortunately I can't vote until later on.
And I will be voting for Denny.
But with all of the other thing, with all of them crazy, the religious stuff going on.
I was wondering if you guys can still play the bit my religion is better than your religion.
Yes, we can, sir. We'll write it at the top of the hour just in honor of you.
All right. Thank you. Okay.
5.670560. You see that's in code one. We start talking to you. This we're talking code. Oh my God.
I don't know if you do. You just sounded Jewish to me. What?
Now you know what the sticks are. By the way, happy pay saw and happy Easter.
And happy, uh, ass Wednesday. We already had ass Wednesday, right? Everyone's days.
We had no ass Wednesday was when the movie came out. By the way, Mel Gibson.
Boy, you talk about the suckers born every minute.
All that baloney about his faith and about his fanatical Catholicism and about his Nazi father.
Oh man. Talk about the whole world gets sucked in. He's running the bank with $250 million.
Hey, now Lona's 30 grand. Okay.
For the ad.
My mind and local. We're sports radio 5.6. You and you.
A.M.
That the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than your.
You are and mine believe Him twice with choir.
You avoid a land to fire by religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion indicates a Bay-Saint Brecher fast with TC, and racial hate.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
But we like to bow to best, I found no voice in where we dress by religion's better than yours.
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By religion's better than what religion?
By how for us will people?
We slider-picking dogs and goats.
My religion's better than yours.
By religion's better than yours.
By religion's better than yours.
We will be decent people, we will never ever pay we tail.
By religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We knock on doors to father, you like for a brush, you argue.
My religion's better than yours.
By religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and white our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
That's a looping.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Are you sure?
We don't want to use our rain for mind with slimmings on the rain.
By religion's better than yours.
Look at that, Denny's is off to the races, baby.
What is the worst sit down restaurant in America with no drive-through?
Denny's 68, Applebee's 29, Olive Garden 25.
I'm telling you Olive Garden might eventually give my run for their money.
They're moving up fast.
I hop hop on it 22, Chili's 14, Meltingpod 12, Waffle House 12, Picket-O-Lock, cafeteria 10,
Shownies 10, Pizza Hut 9, Morrison's 8.
I think there must be still some of Morrison's's Red Lobster 5 and Rascal House 3 out of 233 votes.
Mike says the Red Lobster is mobbed mostly with African-Americans ordering...
Mike, see him.
And the place sucks as Mike, I know I worked there. He used to work there.
At the Red Lobster.
See, Josh knows that Applebee sucks because he used to work there.
Denny, do you get to eat there when you will work there or not?
Yeah, I get to eat. I didn't take advantage too much, but...
In other words, who would want to is what you really try to say. Try to be diplomatic.
Basically.
How long did you work there?
About six months.
Oh, that was enough.
Yeah.
Applebee's blows. It's a nice second-place spot.
Now, somebody says, what about Fudruckers or Salvatorees? I don't know what Salvatorees is.
No, me either.
Now, Fudruckers, do they have a draft here or not?
Because there's one right there in a corner of Sunrise University or Pine Island.
It's the rule that I've seen that they don't...
Yeah, I don't think they do.
No, no, a draft here.
So, Fudruckers counts.
And again, the only problem I have, I like their food.
The only problem is they butter the bun.
Unless you tell them, don't butter the bun.
And when they butter the bun, you have...
I can't make those sounds anymore, but...
What was that?
It was just a little...
A little grueling sound.
You know, when you get to be the soli, you start making rattling and grueling sounds.
So, that's all that was.
Anyway, Fudruckers, we can put that on there.
Although, I don't know. You don't like the food there, have you ever eaten it?
Are you talking to me?
Anybody, you job?
I think it's good, actually.
Yeah, I think the food's pretty good.
And what I like is that they have...
They have like the melted cheese that you can glove on.
You need to get your burger and you wait, you wait, you wait.
That's the only thing I don't like is you have to wait.
They cook at the order, which is okay, but you wait.
And then, you have like the fixin' thing there.
And you put all that, they have like the melted cheddar cheese.
And they have like a sweet pickle relish.
I mean, you're really good green.
And all of these things, yeah?
All of these things.
So, I don't know why we're putting it on there.
But somebody else will vote for it just to be a jerk, you know?
Just to show it there, ask to the one on.
Bomb found on Spanish rail line in Madrid.
An explosive device has been found along a high-speed railway serving Madrid and Saville.
The bomb contained 10 to 12 kilograms that's 22 to 24 pounds of dynamite connected to a detonator
by 131 meter cable, that's 430 feet for those who are into the...
Not into the metric crap.
Trains online were halted today after railway employees discovered a suspicious package
along the tracks near the town of Villaseca de la Sagra.
Well, I like the way that sounds.
Villaseca de la Sagra.
Intelito Province, South of Madrid.
A spokesman for the Civil Guard National Headquarters of Madrid told CNN,
are we going to get a list of the songs that they're playing on WCMQFM so we can compete?
So, we're going to start playing.
No, seriously, I mean, that call we had yesterday from our good Pizon there.
I mean, that was humorous, but as usual.
But it didn't really give us any information.
I realized it's just a flash and that sooner or later,
even the Julios will calm down and say,
oh, we heard that song 85 times already.
It's just like magic. We're tired of it, you know.
After they hear Bill Meop, Buttercup and Esponiole the first 4,000 times.
I mean, I don't know what they could be playing.
I said, are they playing the Celia Cruz? No, are they playing Luis Miguel? No.
Are they playing...
Maybe they're playing like a bunch of Julio Degrecius records.
Who does?
No, we'll find out.
Somebody must know.
Unless, of course, they just made that all up about CMQFM.
If nobody's really, really listening to him at all.
WQM, hello.
Nobody online, 9WQM, hello.
How about Cracker Bell, I'm a barrel man.
Cracker Bell, never ate there.
Oh, I can't get this.
That will be better.
That will give me the instant Hershey's.
Okay, thanks. Oh, don't say that.
Oh, you hear what he said, and stuff.
Cracker Bell. He said Hershey's fine, by the way.
I beg your pardon? Cracker Bell's fine.
Is it? Well, he knows where the Cracker is.
He's a Cracker that don't like the Cracker Bell.
Okay, that's his taste. You think it's fine.
I've seen it in various malls and stuff.
I mean, I didn't even realize the Cracker Bell had like a sit-down thing.
Isn't that just like a mall?
It's a gift shop with a restaurant or a restaurant with a gift shop.
Oh, I got a good one.
What's that?
Stukies.
Okay.
Yeah. They don't have any drive-through.
Are they still around?
Sure.
They are on the highway.
Well, there you go.
See, he said something about Hershey highway,
and you're talking about just then your general I-95.
Where does that be?
The high highway. Right.
Stukies, STU-C-K-E-Y-S, man.
I love that peanut butterloat.
The only problem is if you go in here and you buy a box,
it might have been sitting there for about 18-20 years.
No. I mean, they really put the brittle in peanut brittle.
Spossilized.
So if you want your teeth just to like crumble in the first bite,
that's always a good place to do it.
Stukies.
Mm-mm. I haven't eaten there in, oh, I don't know how many years.
About 30, man.
Long time. And hopefully never will again.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hi, Neil. I have one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
The Golden Carousel.
Never heard of it.
Oh, it's a chain of about three or four restaurants.
The food was called over price.
And wine was waiting to get in.
It was unbelievable.
That figures if the food sucks and over price
then there's a lot of waiting to get in.
You better.
Okay, I'll see you in more, Neil.
I'll see if you allow me your guard.
Now, right.
See it in Mohawk.
Okay, Mohawk's racing right now.
Let's get some race stuff on it.
We're especially if we need him the most, you know what?
Huh?
Getting a little possum back there in a second.
They let Metropolis clear to the lead.
And then they blew right on by,
and the stretches Metropolis started to get very, very tired
on the front end.
And Maryl makes a...
Maryl by Arjan down the street.
I think they kicked him out of Pompeno Park years ago.
I do recall.
But anyway, let's talk some harness racing.
No, no.
Oh, five, six, seven, oh five.
I told you it was going to be a great day today.
There's just something I don't know what it is.
The ratings came out yesterday.
The station did pretty darn good.
We're making a nice comeback now after they couldn't find
our audience for a couple of months.
And even the moment, we'll give him his do, you know.
Absolutely.
We didn't do spectacular, but I think he enjoyed it pretty decent, right?
Not that I'm trying to suck up to the moment,
because he makes me want to vomit.
But nevertheless, I mean, look, we all eat out of the same trough,
if you catch my grip.
WDQA and hello.
Good morning.
Good morning, is this?
Uh, Norma Kent needs to be euthanized immediately if not sooner, okay?
Why is that?
Because America without the prestigious meal Rogers is a joke, man.
It is crazy.
I agree with that.
Well, it's...
You want to know the best part of the whole deal is they're saying that they don't want to just do the boring,
like liberal talk, like what Maria Cuomo was on.
They want people with personality and people with humor.
I mean, I can't think of anybody more appropriate than yours to lead to beyond.
It was a little bit of width, even if it's a half-day.
They don't have free personality.
They could rub together in that whole network.
No, we can even say that.
No.
Hey, it's your boy guy.
I have a pleasant day, Polly.
Yeah, back to it.
By the way, Norma just got out of the hospital.
He spent three days in the hospital with some kind of a coronary thing,
and they had like open up his tubes, et cetera.
But he's okay.
But I guess he emailed me that the other day.
I guess looking for sympathy or the fact that Randy's under now, and I'm not...
And again, you know, you can say all you want that I'm jealous.
I would like to be on air.
I don't begrudge her anything, but nevertheless, you know,
she's probably got the better connections that I got.
I got Norma look what she's got.
See what I'm saying?
I say it.
Maybe she had Jim.
No.
I think she dumped his ass a long time.
I think that was the beginning of her road to success was dumping at Jim.
Oh my God.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
See, she almost derailed her own career before it got really off the tracks,
because she got hooked up with that clown.
And that's all she ever talked about.
Oh my Jimmy, he's so wonderful.
He said to Jean, he's my Jimmy, and he just kept coming around the station
and hanging around.
He didn't do anything there.
But that was a bad, bad mistake, and believe me, the management hated him like...
And that was one of the reasons that Bob Green and others there were at IOD.
He really turned on her because, oh my Jimmy, you know, when you try to push somebody
who doesn't work there down her throat, you know?
Yeah, like Bokobrine.
What does that mean?
Are you saying that they hate Bokobrine at QA?
Is that what you're trying to say?
They hate Bokobrine.
And it spies Bokobrine.
You know that because he caused them money.
And makes fun of them.
And he makes fun of them.
Well, you know something but everything he says is true.
Oh, let's see.
Bobby Robino's, or if not Tony Romas.
Well, I had a lunch at Tony Romas in Berlin.
How do you like that?
Write that down on your wrist.
I had a... Tony... it was pretty good.
Tony Romas in Berlin.
I couldn't believe what I saw.
It was sitting right there.
It was a big, beautiful, new, a place.
Tony Romas.
And they had like American menus and American everything.
And Berlin, no less.
I'm not sure those crowds of thing or two.
Bobby Robino's, and it says, are they still open?
I know he died.
Now, are they still open?
Is he still in business?
I guess.
I would think so.
I'm pretty sure they might be.
What would they do?
That's the business.
So Bobby Robino's, they don't have a drive-through.
Tony Romas again.
That's the distinction.
But as a drive-through, that makes it a fast food joint.
And we've done the fast food polls.
Millions of them.
We're tired of those fast food polls, man.
Even I'm tired of that.
You know?
Because we know McDonald's sucks.
They just had a piece on CNN here a little bit.
Go about McDonald's coming up with these gourmet sandwiches.
Oh my god.
That's going to be a real winner.
Gourmet sandwiches.
I'm going to go and get some delicious gourmet food at McDonald's.
Yeah.
I'm going to go out and get a fully cheese steak at McDonald's.
French dip.
Yeah.
And like this guy, I beg your pardon.
You call names again.
I'm talking about the knees pop band again.
French dip.
He's the original French dip.
That's what I hear.
I can't tell you who told me that.
What about the age of youth?
By the way, the Panthers lost again last night.
They're playing some pretty exciting games lately.
But then they always wind up losing them.
That's a problem because other teams are highly motivated.
And the Panthers are going to wind up about 14 to 16 points out of a playoff spot.
So unlike what Geldie is trying to pedal a propaganda there,
it has been not a successful season.
It's been very, very disappointing.
And if not for the unbelievable play of Bobby LaWango,
they wouldn't have won like 15 games this season.
So I mean, they can thank him.
They ought to be kissing his ass, everybody on that team,
including the organization.
They better sign him up for the rest of his life.
So what do we got here?
We got Denny's 77.
Got a Denny's real close by my house.
Have I ever been there?
No.
I can't imagine under any circumstances going in there anymore.
I mean, I've been in Denny's many times in my life,
as I'm sure you have.
But here's the circumstance.
You have your buddies around and you're all really trashed
and hungry and it's four in the morning.
Right.
You go in for breakfast or at lunch.
Right.
Right.
That's why you go to Denny's.
I see.
Well, I don't get drunk and I don't drive around
or four in the morning with my buddies.
So what can I tell you?
Denny's 77.
Applebee's, in fact, about that time I'm getting my emptying out my
costumey bag at four in the morning.
Denny's 77.
Applebee's 35.
The Olive Garden 35.
Payless in your life and man, I know.
Georgia's been calling me the old man for how many years?
Five about thirty.
Yeah.
And now I finally have reached the point where you're right.
I give up.
I give in.
I no longer resent it.
I'm old.
I'm old.
Sorry.
Josh calls me old man.
I'm sure he does.
Punk.
Denny's 77.
Applebee's 35.
Olive Garden 35.
The I have 29.
Waffle House 20.
Pizza Hut 15.
Chili's 15.
I like this pool, by the way.
I love it.
Pick it up.
I like cafeteria 14.
Chonies 13.
I like their strawberry pie.
But see, some of these places when you have it in them for years and years, I mean, Chonies
Big Boy in Detroit was very, very big.
All of them Michigan, especially in Detroit.
Chonies Big Boy.
And that what they, they still call it Big Boy.
There was a live spreaders Big Boy in Chonies Big Boy.
And I just see Chonies just show.
I've seen a Big Boy.
Oh, let's see.
Pick it up.
Pick it up.
I'm a cafeteria 14.
Melty Pop 13.
The Red Lobster 9.
I hear it.
I haven't been in one of those in many, many years.
And I heard.
Huh?
I haven't been there in many, many years.
We got them here.
There's red lobsters in Toronto, but no thanks.
Borsen's cafeteria.
I know they're still around 9.
Perkins Pancake House 8.
The Rasca Lousies got 5.
Sorry, Hebrew Hammer.
Golden Coral 3.
Fodruckers 2.
Be very careful what you say that.
Stukies which is spelled very, very incorrectly there.
How do you spell it?
I thought that's how you told me.
That's how you told me.
You CK.
EY.
Yeah, it's got a Y in it.
I mean, you're close for you.
Let's go out the...
Why?
Cracker Barrel, Bobby Rabinos and Tony Romaji's just told him
they don't have any, but they will out of the first year of 2012.
My...
And look all this is Fort Real by Sixty.
Way, way...
Oh my...
Are you bastard?
Red hamster.
Hey there, rodent lovers.
March is all you can eat.
Weasel month and red hamster.
Red hamster for the road.
With three tasty new rodent flatters.
There's Deep Fried Field Mice, Peel and Eat Muscrab.
And of course our world famous hamster melts.
They can double cheese wheeze and hold the hair.
And our flatters are always fresh.
Not like those other rodent places,
because we keep them stealing on the wheel
right up until they hit the fat.
Try our tasty roadside pizza.
Fresh from the highway to your table in minutes.
It's...
Good.
And don't forget to serve.
Come eat hot some chocolate chip on cookies.
Yeah, and I'm gonna have a hot apple pie.
I will mold.
I'm gonna...
Red hamster for the road and rubber.
Red hamster on Main Street at Cosm Turbo K.
1117 to 560.
Now I know where Mo got that piece.
Piece of what?
Crap.
So I'm looking at the ratings again.
Just briefly, I don't want to get in that,
because the kids' audience just glazed over.
Comatose.
But I see Mr. Ego.
Now this is another reason that we didn't put him on the...
on the poll yesterday for Best Hock Show host Steve King.
First of all, if you had to buy your way on the air,
that's probably not a really good sign
in terms of competing being a real talk show host.
And number two, of the 35 stations that are listed in the Miami Hollywood
Fort Lauderdale market by Arbitron,
35 are listed, 12 plus ratings.
In other words, the whole audience...
I give them the benefit of the doubt,
because that includes even people over the age of 100,
which is probably most of what little audience he's got.
Out of 35 audience,
the stations listed, where do you think he came in?
35th?
Yes, good guess.
I think I told you before.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Down from a 0.3 in the November, December,
January ratings to December, January, February from a 0.3 down to a 0.2,
average quarter hours of 1600 people listening to the Ego Meister.
So I don't consider him to be like a real talk show.
It's quite frankly a number of hands-bid.
Even when he was on real radio,
so he's accepted that one book when I first went to IOD,
and he was getting the slap over in the afternoon,
and after they listened to the same contract controversy
over and over again, that was the end of that.
And then he went to New York for about what?
How many days?
3rd man!
And the history tells the tale of that.
So just another pretender is what he is.
Let's see, Ethan says,
how about Fridays or Benagans?
I'm not sure which one I hate worse.
Dude, there's a Fridays out there by me now.
In fact, I don't know.
Fridays I thought was pretty good, wasn't it?
Or not.
It was fine.
We'll stick them both on there.
Yeah.
We'll put them on there.
And Benagans always like Benagans.
Mm-hmm.
You don't think?
No, I like Benagans just fine also.
Where do we have Benagans in shops?
In Shostix or something there.
Oh, they're all over the place.
They got an incandle.
They're over here and now.
Like, how on deal has it beenagans?
Oy!
Really?
Yeah.
And how on deal one of the guy like an extra soft food menu
they can like come?
They have a blender at every table.
Alright.
That's a good idea.
Just blend the food in.
We can just drink it down.
I'll have a fillet at East State.
Be sure and put in the blend the first.
I'll just drink it.
Yeah.
That's unscrupulous.
Kerry can challenges Bush to debates.
Saying it's time to raise the level of dialogue.
Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign called
Brown President Bush's Relection campaign yesterday
to create a six debates in key battleground states.
And you know what they said so far?
No.
Oh.
Good guess.
Democrats in Pennsylvania, Arizona,
Washington, Ohio, Missouri, and Florida.
Planned-of-holed press conferences over the next several days
to highlight the importance of a substantive discussion on issues affecting all Americans,
national security, homeland security, veterans issues, education,
environment, energy policies, the economy, health care, equal opportunity for all.
Last month Kerry called the for issue-oriented debates,
but the Bush campaign hasn't respotted the Kerry campaign statement said.
Bush campaign spokesman Taylor Griffin told CNN yesterday.
I wonder if he or she has related the bow-gripping.
Of the bow-and-joe show.
Told CNN yesterday the Bush-chainee campaign looks for a vigorous debate at the appropriate time.
A vigorous debate.
But John Kerry should finish the debate with himself first being on both sides of each issue.
Cute.
Kerry has repeatedly rejected charges of changing his mind on issues.
So Kerry wants six debates with Bush and the Bush people are saying,
we look forward to a meaningful debate which sounded like a singular to me.
It would be wrong, but that's what it sounded like to me.
So anyway, yes.
Even though we're not set up the check.
We got $10,000 already.
That's close.
We're getting closer because I just got a check even though we're not set up to receive them,
I'm going to send it to Eric personally.
Right.
Someone just came in and gave us a check for $500 for the co-os.
Who did that?
Greg.
Greg, thanks a lot.
He's always been my favorite.
Haven't I always said to you that there's nothing like Greg Reed,
the biggest booster and supporter of me.
Man, man, Greg, ladies and gentlemen, I hear this guy,
and you want to know why I really commend him on this.
I can't, I'm emotional.
I might just sit here and cry.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because he understands that this is our business.
This is the life we have chosen.
And he said so when he was writing out the check.
Right.
I mean, this is something that everybody in a business ought to really care about,
which is why it kind of pains me that my colleagues at this radio station
were obsessed with their ball games, which, you know,
they got plenty of time to talk ball games.
It about, you know, J. Feeler and Misty are feeling goody,
whatever that quarterback's name is,
and how Wayne is called, and up Mullen, Rip and Manass.
But in the meantime, you know, where do we stop this?
I mean, they just open up the flood gates of the censorship,
and it's like they're on some kind of a drunken trip now that just gone nuts.
His exact quote.
Yes, let's stop these guys.
All right. Nice going, Greg.
You know, something there is probably the best GM in the history of radio.
Greg Reed.
Hope for the future.
Believe me.
No, I'm Tony. He's finally, he's catching on.
And I'll tell you one other thing I noticed,
and that is that these clowns appreciate the fact that,
at least on the show, we're trying to make an effort to like, you know,
as opposed to some other people in the building.
Oh, my God.
I don't want to say that anything about muffin clearance,
because they're, you know, they're operating within their limited mental capacity.
You follow what I'm saying?
Mental and emotional capacity.
I think in Clarence's case, underline the mental part,
and in dust case, the emotional part.
See what I'm saying?
There are some bricks missing in both cases.
And of course, in Greg's case, well, that's an other story.
Thanks a lot, Grav. You're the best, baby.
See what a great relationship he and I have my long distance.
Right.
As long as we don't see each other or talk to each other.
Downright.
It can worsen up great.
So 500 bucks more from Greg Reed.
That's a beautiful thing.
Now, how's Eric going to be able to do that?
I'm mailing it. I had, you know, Greg made a check out.
Do you have a little intercourse with Eric to make sure we know how we're going to do this?
No, I'm just going to mail Eric the track I had it written out to his company there.
Oh, good. Then, well, then he can help figure out a way.
Eric's a pretty shady.
All those internet people, pretty shady.
So what's our total now, then?
Oh, then, is that going to set up to four grand right there?
What's 30 cents?
What do we have?
37, 38th.
I assume plus this.
42, 38.
So, like, you see, you laughed when I said I want to get to five.
Now, you always want to be the underachiever.
Why do you want to do that?
I'll just be a hard-to-create.
I strive for greatness.
You strive for mediocrity.
And that's just because you work at QIM.
I'm just being honest.
Don't strive for mediocrity anymore.
Strive for greatness.
This summer when you do your fill in this summer.
Don't strive for like the good numbers you had the last couple of summer.
Anyway, forget the other one.
Strive for greatness.
Do a 10 share.
Okay.
I'll do a 10 share.
Do a 20.
I'm strive for greatness, man.
Although you won't be able to talk about eating fuck but nevertheless.
No.
Maybe Dwight Luttery will come on as a guest.
I got a new religion on pitching.
What is that?
Assism.
See, there he goes again.
When surprised me, Maddie Bell is running down the hall.
Great.
Kesselhead, check.
Great.
You hear what he just said?
He said, ass again.
Maddie Bell.
You're a big number one fan.
Of course you have so many in it building.
I know.
And of course, even though he just gave you that $500 check, one thing, even the audience knows.
Break it, too.
But that's beside the point.
I've decided to determine a true drug reggaer.
It's because you lied to me.
Anyway, that's an episode.
It's water over the bridge.
It's another modial.
The other one was already said that he's out of control and just can't help himself.
He's just a major ass.
Oh, he can say ass wipe.
Are you sure?
All right.
Yeah, don't ask.
Just tell.
Okay, don't start asking anymore questions.
I won't ask.
He's a major ass wipe.
Oh, see how you fall into this?
Into a bucket of f***.
So thanks again, Greg.
That just made my day.
So we got $4,200.
We'll get $5,000 by the end of the day.
We got two and a half hours to go yet.
Damn it.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, Dave, I came 100 bucks this morning.
And I'm going actually to get some shirts made right now.
Trying to spread the message.
And I just wanted to double check off the top of my head.
The website is definitely stopfccus.com.
Stopfcc.us.
Stopfccus.com.
Stopfccus.com.
Stopfccus.com.
Right.
And the other one is the position one was stopfcc.com.
Stopfcc.com.
Yeah.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
See, we got some people out there that care.
I mean, if even Georgian Greg Reed can come through for us,
all the rest of you bikers out there.
That's bikers with a pee, by the way.
Don't start with that juice stuff.
That's right.
Especially so close to the paysoft.
By the way, do you ever have stale matsu?
No, it's always been fun.
Don't ever have stale matsu.
That whole paysoft thing, I don't know what I'm going to do about that.
I guess I'm going to have to go get some matsu ball soup.
Make me feel real Jewish for paysoft.
Or you could just let it pass over.
I could let it pass over.
And of course, one of my all time, which I played at the other day,
but only at this time of the year, does it really have the impact that I love.
There's lady and some boy.
She's another dark Jew.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
And the bread is heaven, he leavened.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
And the bread is wonder.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
And the bread is wonder.
Ooh, ooh, and the bread is really wonder.
Mine, mine, mine, mine.
This is 435 City.
You ain't no way.
Oh Mr. Raid, there's a gentleman in the very sexy uniform out here wants to see you.
Oh, it must be our friend from the RNC.
Send them in.
I am here to collect your valentine donation to the Republic in Pasi of George Bush.
Oh sure!
Sure, here.
A will $500 million do?
That is acceptable.
You'll find.
Oh thank goodness we cut back $50 on that pain in the ass, Bokobrata.
Here you are.
In the IEC on behalf of the Zleac acquisition you are doing a fine job.
Rati Rakoko will be pleased to hear that.
And I can safely assume any programming brought into question will be overlooked.
I am afraid I must now ask you to handle the over-adcasting license.
What?
But I just gave you.
Is this about Neil?
Because that can be taken care of.
Boolean!
He is no longer in this country.
There is nothing we can do for now.
So what seems to be the problem?
We understand your sports station.
Yes.
All American family fun.
That's quite.
With every touchdown score.
With every basket made, your announcer's do not say,
raise your busch out of God.
Well, sports based.
There are sport holes after all.
But they'll understand.
I'll tell them.
There is no time.
Your license is revolved.
Won't you remove your pants?
Super by pants!
Stack-ah!
No more now, clear channel hooking.
But he moves his pants at once.
So what?
Hey, what's the meaning of this?
We cannot afford to have you leaving your office at the moment.
I thought we had a deal.
Be great for your life.
Goodbye.
Well, he took my pants.
Hmm.
I'm sitting here in my armani briefs.
And it's time for my five hour lunch.
And I want my sushi!
I'm a pretty two of five sixty WQ.
I'm on a great opportunity to play Greg's Dohn.
I just want to kind of cute one that time.
I wasn't it.
This fact you just sent me.
This one here was one of the great things in history of mankind.
From George Edmanhand and Transfer.
Thank you, George.
We'll be in touch.
Did you read this?
And it's like in this internee?
So thank you for the efforts to support stop at CC.com.
The censorship issue was struck a resident court inside me.
And I want to help.
I'm one of the owners of Manhattan Transfer.
I made production post-production company here in South Florida.
I'm volunteering our stages, camera crews, and post-production suites
to a coordinated effort that fights the censorship trend we're experiencing.
Our studios and staff and post-sweets are first-rate can produce outstanding products.
We still need to find a few components like script writers and the right creative to get the message across.
If you're interested in pursuing a media campaign with our help, please contact me.
It's got a phone number.
We can begin the process.
Thank you, George. We'll do it.
In fact, you ought to go out before you go on vacation.
You ought to give this information to Boca-Brine.
I will.
And Miguel.
I will.
And whoever else, all of these things.
All of these things.
Great. Thank you, George. That's fabulous.
Well, you can be sure of the G.
Cable commercial or something.
Yeah, we can do all kinds of stuff.
That's a good idea.
Sid says Romano's macaroni grill.
Fae is what Sid says.
Now, I happen to like the macaroni grill.
I'm not the pasta so much, but all the other good stuff.
What?
We do like our fine sponsored.
Right. It's one of our fine sponsors, and we like it a lot.
And we've had much of their food and been there many, many times actually paid.
But nevertheless, right?
But the Sid is like, he says, Fae.
So we'll put it on there.
You know, if it's one of our sponsors, they can handle it.
Not everybody's going to like everything, see?
How does it check?
Not Cohen to him, by the way.
Huh?
Where's that Motsapizza?
Since Skippy was in there this morning, it sure would be nice to Skippy would let me know what's going on with our friend Jeff Cohen to ponytail.
And that Motsapizza that didn't pizza these days, every year at the pay-soft time for the last how many years now.
Motsapizza, the man.
Yeah.
Now, I'm just shocked that we're like seem to have lost touch with him.
And that's got to be a Skippy thing, you know?
You kind of like Skipped over it.
This is a great fact.
TGI Fridays.
It says noisy cheese covered, grizzly, stale, perky, contrab, yummy want to be slugged.
This is the greatest.
Yuppie want to be slugged.
I can't even read it.
Slug pit of the spare.
Oh, what a line.
The slug pit of the spare.
Woo!
The gripsing and farting after the meal is the only consolation after dropping 40 bucks from the meal.
For two plus tip to leave some button covered piece of crap punk who smiles right through your face.
A phase, what it's said.
A slug pit of the spare.
Why that just hit my funny bone, huh?
Wow.
Oh, God.
What a line.
Son of a t-don't like it, huh?
What is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America, no drive-through?
That's what separates the men from the go-am.
Denny's 91, the out of the garden, I told you, is moving up there 50.
Fae is the operative word.
Applebee's 43.
IHOP 35.
Waffle House 32, Pizza 18, Chili's 18.
Piggatella Campanira's 17, Showney's 17.
Shownoff, Morrison's 15.
The Meltingpod 14.
Now you had a bad experience that I want to North Miami Beach, that's no longer there.
Right.
The Meltingpod I always thought was pretty good.
But you don't like it.
Maybe if they actually paid attention to you, acknowledge your presence, gave you some food.
When you had that service, okay?
That's when you hated it.
That's your health.
The Red Lobster, which give you teeny tiny portions and just rip you off like crazy is what I'm told.
But what do I know?
13.
Perkins Pancake House 8, Raskel House 7, floodruckers 5, the Cracker Barrel 4, Golden Carrel 4, Fridays has got a pair.
Two for Benagans, one for Stukies, and none yet for Bobby Rubino's Tony Romas and the Macaroni Grill 405.
That's what we got so far.
In fact, Reagan inspired me.
Now I don't want to like lean on all the people they're in the building.
But it would seem to me since everybody in the business in this market listens to this show religiously.
Oh God!
That since this is your livelihood that we're talking about and even those of you who work for a cheap channel who may be listening right now.
You can see where I'm going with this.
Where are you going?
That they ought to be on a bandwagon and since they can't be doing it publicly,
and since we of course keep confidential names of anybody and everybody who doughnates,
they could participate in this and help us to very surreptitiously behind the scenes.
By getting out the whipping out their visa, American Express or Mastercard and going to stop FCC.us.
Right?
Right.
And don't need 50 or 100 or whatever they want to do.
In fact, I think a lot of people sitting in that building right there by you ought to be doing it right now instead of hyperventilating,
well, what are we going to do?
I think they ought to be taking the lead from Greg Reed, don't you?
I mean, you're making the big bucks like Greg.
They ought to be getting out their credit card and sticking 100 on there or a couple of 100.
I think that would be a magnificent idea.
We'll get up to five grand today by the end of the day with it and just like falling off the log and here when I said that,
you just laughed me right off my seat.
They're all going to laugh at you!
Exactly.
Then thing I could do, just like every time we try to get the goose up the number right at petition drive on stop FCC.com.
Oh, we're never going to do that.
Of course, then you started playing psychology, but you didn't think we could get to 5,000.
Well, no, you couldn't have predicted the Greg Reed principle.
No.
No, but I knew that if I keep banging away sooner or later I'll embarrass some people that are getting in on this.
It's not just a neo-rodger thing.
It sure is how it ain't just a Howard Stern thing.
It's not a Mohawar David thing.
Absolutely.
You have to remember damn sure.
3833.
No, no, that's not correct.
That's...
Plus the 500.
Plus the 500.
I'm just reading the figure that coming across.
Well, he's not excluding the 500.
Obviously, he couldn't be because we started out with like 36.
Correct.
So it's 4333, so we need 667.
Oh, it's a good thing we didn't need 666.
That would be really bad.
667 by 2 o'clock.
We can do it.
A couple of 50s here in here, maybe somebody with a hundred, maybe with a couple of hundred.
Maybe somebody with 500 like Greg.
Maybe some people inside the building are going to log onto what right now and donate 100 very seroplicious thing quietly.
Like Duff and Clarence.
And Kib Skurvy, who's a good guy, huh?
Anybody in a radio business ought to be involved in this.
See, like I said before, like this thing about the NAB conference.
And they're going to have a code of conduct.
Screw the NAB, okay?
National Association of Broadcasts.
You're the biggest bunch of pansies that ever came down to pike.
You're tragic.
I'm embarrassed that I'm even in a business because of you people.
Every time the FCC says, rule over.
You say, oh, how many times, sir?
How many times?
They say, jump.
How high can I do it, you know?
Just a big bunch of nothings.
No backbone.
And if Stern really wanted to see, this is what it just aggravates.
I don't know why I keep repeating this, but it just bugs the hell out of me.
Guys, making 30 million a year.
And instead of making a martyr out of himself and you know, how would Stern on the cross like Jesus and all this?
Why not really take the bull by the horns and then lead the way, okay?
With all the millions of people he's got listening every day, those 36 or 37 markets, but he's not doing it.
Because if he were, you'd see a reflection on there on those petitions.
So you just know that the people who are in a position to really be leading the way aren't doing it.
But like I said, got all these people in the business sitting out there, the Davy Gravy lines of the world.
All these other people, I got a few bucks, you know, I just, I don't know where his name came from, just popped into my mind, you know?
Right?
Right.
The Paul Castronov is the world who work for Chief Channel, but I'm sure behind the scenes hate them like poison because they're always looking for another job.
Oh, sorry.
The William Tanner's of the world who are helping the Spanish language stations, but stabbing us in a back.
Even though I know he did sign that petition.
21 till noon, I get a little whipped up today.
Oh right.
Absolutely, positively.
Oh!
About freaking time.
I'm finding a local PCC 560.
The radio is on your side.
You am.
Come everybody.
Here.
Here.
We now woke up this morning.
A year no star was there, the zoning.
Not just.
As the guard would happen to me.
He said that from now on you be.
Join in our guests.
I took a break train to the shower.
Oi!
I took a break train to the shower.
Box calls will with men with boys and girls.
Say hello, Muriana.
In the previous nation, in the world.
You know I never paid it much attention.
How much things would change?
If thought we were set on automatic.
If I've never had anything.
That it could happen here.
Got my ride in the box called.
Cos my boat is called.
It's all the wrong side.
Made it night, it's hard to sleep.
With all the decent, grass and squeeze.
As they pass.
Woohoo!
I took a break train to the shower.
Baby I took a break train to the shower.
Box calls will with men with boys and girls.
In the previous nation.
I took a break train to the shower.
I'm 45, 15 till noon.
I'm going to get a free bar of soap too when we go.
Don't drop it.
Nice to meet you.
I was told he was okay in his own way.
How about Clarence?
I don't know.
The hump is not there today.
He's probably on vacation.
We need your cash.
What about the mad dog?
Let's go.
Let's turn loose with cash.
We're part one of the visas and register cards.
Stop FCC.us.
Probably shouldn't be saying US because I think maybe there's like a period in there.
Stop FCC.us.
The Son of Orange County, chairman of the Thorn County, Florida, Orlando.
Rich Crowdy is getting nationwide attention after being featured on David Letterman's late show.
Yawning, twitting, and falling asleep at rally for president W.
He was tape standing behind the president checking his watch, stretching and basically dead on his feet.
The late show skid ended some of the funnier moments from the video into the bit.
Chairman Crowdy to a local TV6 news in Orlando Thursday that he was afraid that Letterman's skip would hurt his son's feelings.
But the boy thought it was hysterical.
It was the best.
What we had was a few yawns, a few looking at the watches over a 45 minute period.
And Letterman had that edited down to a 30 second piece and frankly it was hysterical.
How many seconds?
About 30, man.
Crowdy said his son was tired during the rally because he was so excited to see the president.
So in other words, it was for real except they just edited it down.
It happened over a longer period of time.
A little bit for effect.
Nice going, air Dave.
Good job.
How about Letterman putting in about 50 grand on this, huh?
He's making 30 million a year.
Here's a radio accident report from a Fort Lauderdale liberal atheist against Bush.
Radio accident report.
I turned on WIOD when you had to stop your show so the Marlins game could be broadcast.
Occasionally switch to that channel, see what kind of B. S.T.R.R. wing is spouting.
Don't do it again.
What do I hear during a commercial spot for some kind of calcium product?
Not other than Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
The kicker is that he begins this spot by saying how much he likes Rush.
And how much Rush is taught him about radio broadcasting.
Maybe that's what all those bottles were that he was leaving around at the IOD.
Rush?
Maybe it was Rush.
How much Rush is taught him about, oh that was Mr. Ego, about radio broadcasting.
What a sell out bull it says here.
And you're absolutely correct, out-ragic.
That's why I'm at Pulley took yesterday.
That's nostalgia.
People saying, oh Phil Henry is the best talk host in America.
But you're in a totally opinion.
Once upon a time I would have said, hey, no problem to argument with that.
He's great.
But he has totally sold out all of his principles.
He's become a right-wing parrot for Chief Channel and the abushmised are in it to disgrace.
See one good thing about it for him I guess though is because his act being a whole phony deal anyway with the phony voices,
it never depended on having any credibility.
He never had any.
So the idea that politically he's gone way off the deep end of the deep right.
I guess he doesn't care because he had no credibility anyway.
Gay students settled Settles Lesbian Barbie case.
An openly gay teenager in New York received a $30,000 settlement from the city over her suspension for wearing a Barbie as a Lesbian t-shirt to school her attorney out here.
Remember that story?
Yes.
Natalie Young, now 15 in the high school wore the shirt to middle school in April of 2002,
leading school officials to center home for the day despite the absence of any official dress code.
They saw the t-shirt go home.
Bye.
The teen said the settlement should make life easier on other openly gay schools.
So I think they should feel more comfortable about who they are.
Young was pulled from class by the school principal in order to sit in an office until she changed the shirt.
When she refused, she was suspended for the day.
Young's lawyer Ron Kuby filed a federal suit last year and leds him the incident with part of a series of discriminatory incidents.
Resolving the suit without litigation was the appropriate decision city attorney Donna and Kazbaum said
the city department of education agreed to establish a policy on student dress as part of the deal.
So while you guys out there be sure where the right dress when you go to school and school and hop into pool.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, we're looking for chains man for good chains.
Yeah.
Anybody call about the CMQ thing and nobody's going to give us any information about that.
Well why are you laughing?
I don't think we have a lot of crossover just that one guy.
We got some cross-dressers.
Well.
Especially your people.
Oh look at that speaking of that.
Well you last month at the fastest pace in nearly four years.
The Bush Channing Campaign says the number show, the president's pro-gross policies are working.
And that's John Kerrywood derail America.
Right.
There you go.
Sure.
We won't talk about the fact unemployment went back up to 5.7% because so many people have given up looking for jobs.
We don't want to talk about that.
No.
Just pick the stats for many one month that looks really really good in the studies.
Hey, look at this great job we're doing.
Anyway, what is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America?
No drive-through.
That's going to be the prerequisite.
That separates the non-qualifiers from the good ones.
Denny's 101.
Olive Garden's 63.
Look at the moves that they're making.
Didn't I predict that?
Yes you did.
Applebee's 47 and Josh says deservedly so.
Waffle House 41.
IHOP 39.
YouHOP is a gun on you.
Pizza Hut 21.
Chili's 19.
Piccadilly cafeteria 19.
Show me these 19.
Oh, whatever happened to the ranch house.
Bring it back.
Morrison's 16.
Red Lobster 15.
The melting pot 14.
Cracker Barrel 10.
Rasklaus 9.
Perkins Pancake House 8.
Golden Coral 6.
Fud Rutgers 6.
You know what I said?
I heard it.
Friday's 5.
Beriggins 2.
Beriggins?
Vendigan.
Daniel Beriggins.
Never Father Beriggins?
No.
Vendigan's 2.
Stukies 2.
Tony Romas 1.
Macaroni Grillsga 1.
Bobby Reno's done a 464 vote.
And I'm sure there's like zillions of other chains that we don't even have thought of yet.
Human chains.
Like that black amus.
They're probably not still in business anymore.
No, not.
Well, good for them.
That's another one where they used to have like cheese on the seat.
Somebody, I think it was cheese.
Somebody QA and hello.
Not there.
Line 1, man.
It's just, I apologize to all the people that try to call a line 1.
Don't do that anymore.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil or George?
Neil.
Last time I checked.
You just picked it up.
I've never happened before.
Neil, you just picked up.
I pick up cold.
Hey, how about the hops?
You never put hops on there?
Is hops still around?
I think so.
Yeah, you never.
Yeah, you never.
Another former sponsor, mine.
I say with great shame.
Oh, they were.
I got twice their terrible.
In fact, I think they knew Mata was winning doubt.
Hop right out.
Neil, I'm going to hide.
I don't know if I'm going to get in trouble for this, but I'm a sales rep that CMQ.
Really?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
Yeah, I'm totally serious.
We play classic Spanish from the 60s, 70s and 80s, the more 70s and 80s.
And then we have a show on in the afternoon.
I just go for the F-stack.
English, disco from five to six.
Inc and A.
But so the station's doing well.
Thank you.
How do you explain the sudden surge?
I mean, you guys came from almost nowhere and you're just kicking everybody's ass.
I know.
It's been well for the last guy.
I'd saved up the last, you know, four books.
And this one we got, we got the trends yesterday from our directors and it's amazing.
Do a lot of Spanish people down here as you know?
A very perspicacious observation on your part.
Thank you.
That's why I'm a.
Who are some of the artists that you're, I mean, he'd give me dates, but like who are some of the artists that you're playing?
I'm the one who's going to go in the building.
I don't know who the artist is.
Excellent.
All right.
Keep up the good work, Kelly.
Thank you. Have a good weekend, you two.
Thanks, Mike.
And now that was great.
I got it.
And I see I like that.
There's a guy that's got a sense of humor.
He's a sales hole over there.
He doesn't know from any of those artists.
He's speaking in English, but he's selling the stuff.
You know, look, you don't have to eat the hamburgers to sell them.
You know what I mean?
He's still, we still haven't answered that.
About what?
About what kind of music?
About who the artist is.
I don't, I have no idea.
I mean, if I knew I'd go Russian right out this weekend and buy some Russian music, I mean,
buy some, you were always the expert on Spanish music.
I sure hope that I'm playing a Ricky Martin.
Well, no, he said it's older than that, right?
He said 5070s, mostly.
Yeah.
Pre-Ricky Martin.
Well, Ricky Martin was in Manudo when all the pedophiles were chasing him.
Well, they were playing Manudo in like old Luis Miguel from when he was a Manudo.
I see.
But Luis Miguel was not in Manudo.
I thought he was.
No, he was not.
He was just a punk in that movie about to run around naked.
5670560, pound 560.
And I always got that huge, but he got rid of huge pain in the butt and that was Mariah Carey.
He said, man, you think John Carey is scary.
Just take a look at Mariah Carey.
Wow.
With that one gigantic boob right there in the middle of her, where her naval is supposed to be.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I'll speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
Well, I spoke to you several times.
I used to work in Project Reconnaissance Chicago and stuff like that.
Oh, and I was a radio.
But I got the perfect campaign for the campaign you're going to start against Bush.
Right.
What if you show a split screen?
Campaign.
I'm talking in that campaign speech that scenes are all right with Clinton, but they're going to get better with me.
Have up there a statistical fact of how many kids from all of these Republicans are.
In the war in Iran and so how many regular Americans have got killed while they are all out here.
They're going to all these political affairs while the average American is over there struggling for money.
And his kids over and being not are not being offered in the Iran being killed.
But he says he's taking care of us.
Well, listen, say how did Jack Rickhouse, okay?
Tell my thought his work was just horrible.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8 pound fire.
What do you think of that idea?
Iran, but I didn't run fast enough again.
No.
Olive Garden, I think, makes hitched innings.
This is going to be exciting.
104 to 68, which sounds like a big gap.
Now, what have we got there on the screen?
What says Eric giving any new numbers?
Because I think we're going to make the 5 grand today.
No, 38, 33 was lost.
And that's it.
I mean, I'm sure there's more by now.
43, 33, 33.
I'm sure there's other trickling.
Not that we want to start again after that thing he had yesterday.
Poor Eric up there.
Whoa, man.
It was a rough day.
And if you don't believe me, just ask him, he'll tell you.
Let me find an English language article, but I think I'm writing you wrong for once.
About what?
Luis Miguel was in Manudo.
I'm going to tell you right now, I'll bet Josh Cortes' life on it that Luis Miguel was not in Manudo.
How about 100 bucks instead?
No.
All right.
You already got your washer dryers.
Don't push your luck.
Smart ass.
Now, where are you getting that from?
Well, I'm finding all these articles and that's fine.
You'll about it.
I'm trying to find one in English.
I did that single one time ago.
That thing.
Are you saying what?
That he was in Manudo?
Yeah, the first generation.
Good luck finding one in English.
I just typed it in and it nothing happened.
One moment, please folks.
There you go.
A little Hootie Cootie would be up to a 40 share by a 12-30.
I guarantee you that I'll find this because this is brand new baby.
I'll ride it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
La Casa de Luis Miguel.
Here you'll find everything you'll know about Luis, how big his ass is,
why he dumped that bitch, Mariah Carey, how many guys he's been doing lately.
Here he is.
There's a big picture.
Well, he still looks pretty good.
But where's the biography?
Here we go.
I bet you I get to it before you do it because it's in English.
Sure.
Well, it's in English.
After 20 years of career, Luis Miguel has obtained practically all the prizes.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Honour is honors and this and quality and et cetera.
Well, what is that?
Well, what does that say?
I don't understand what that says.
This is the worst frickin' website.
That's a nice picture, though, there.
Luis still looks pretty human.
I was missing old pictures.
I don't know what this is.
I can't find it.
I got an idea.
Why don't you look up the Nudo?
That's what I did.
And what did it say?
Luis Miguel was in the Nudo.
I'm really in the articles in Spanish.
And they say Luis Miguel?
Yes, Juan Pesor.
It's in a little, a little minuto.
Does it say Luis Miguel was in the Nudo or not?
Yes.
God.
I think that's more of a propaganda.
Don't forget, by the way, in South Florida, he's Mexican and Italian.
Okay, so forget about him.
We're sports radio five CC, QAM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
The 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold neck, her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her driver's disc, her daughter likes her G.
She's the one who tests the fire,
she goes in and goes through the horrors of the moon.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
her cold feet.
She's the one who tests the fire,
who's just a squeezing, where's my good buddy Troy de Bois with a bald head huh?
Old Troy Stratford there. He's still a stiffened as old Jacques Strat back in the sales department
screw in. Let's go you guys, let's hop on it okay. Stop FCC.us. Can you spell US?
Go spell it out for him okay? Write it on his forehead. Now what is that direct, see
I've screwed up my whole computer now with that crap. I can't get back on my home page
here. Oh I see because the first, how did that get to be my home, my home page? Uh-oh.
You know what I mean? How did that happen?
Spyware. What do you mean by that? You think? That's what does that. Oh my God. Now I'm
not a security page. I don't want to see Jerry Hallowell. I don't want to see that.
Oh look at there she is. There's like six of them there. Six for the price of one. I
mean that lovely spice girl. So what the hell do I do now? I'm all worried about during
the break. But how can that happen? I don't know. Do you think that was really spyware?
Did I like to cover my other thing? Yes. It was Spanish spyware. See the SP? 560560
pound 560. In fact, maybe we wouldn't, wouldn't SP for this performance. I don't think so.
Ask Romi. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Hey, I think they're one of your sponsors, but
is anyone sent out back? The outback? The outback doesn't have any drive through. That's
a good choice. So overrated. Yeah, I know a lot of people that are just nauseous from
the outback. Okay, we'll put them on there, Pally. Thank you. Okay, let me just see something
here. Okay, let me just try. I got to get my look at that. This page cannot be displayed.
Oh my God. My whole computer. My whole life is just gone. How is this possible? I've
punched in Neil God. Oh, yeah. What is that? Neil God? Oh, wrong website. No, no, but seriously,
how did how did something come up there? I don't know. Why are I do? And this is our year
fall, by the way, Mr. Julio, I planned another Spanish plot. We have this. I guess you
do invading my computer. Shame on you. There's stop FCC.us. Looks really good. What do we
got? 4528? Well, I 5,000 by the end of the show. If I have to stick around and write
to check myself 522 votes on the pool. Thank God, at least I can get back on this. What
is the worst sit down restaurant in America? Chain. Now the drive through. Denny's 108.
Olive Garden 74. Making a big move. Applebee's 52. Waffle loss 46. I hop 41. Show
me his 22. Pizza of 21. Chili's got 20. Pick it up. A cafeteria 20. Read lobster 19. Morrison's
17. Melting pub 15. Cracker Braille doesn't. Rascal loss 11. The golden corral 9. I still
know what that is. Is that like that picking chicken place? It's like a big buffet. Oh, is
it really? Yeah, I think it's good. Actually, they got cut meat and mashed potatoes and
whatever. Mashed taters. Sounds like really for goyum. That's why Josh goes there. Perkins
pancake. I say fun. Rucker six. Stukies five. Fridays five. Benagans five. Macaroni
Grills got four. That I'm speechless. Tony Rome is one. Hops is one. And none yet for
the outback or Bobby Romino's. But the outback just went on to they'll get some. There
are people who are like they either like that place a lot or they're hostile. Hostile.
They don't like their meat. WQ and hello. Yes, the snail Roger sounds like me. Yes. Okay,
Neil. You should get a copy of the theme song from the TV show. The Flintstones. So
before you talk about either the Bush administration or the Republican party, you could play that
theme song first. Let's fit right in the Flintstones. The Flintstones, right? If you don't
have an action, I must be missing something. If you listen to the song, you'll see what
I mean. Okay. All right. Thanks so much. Let's listen to the Flintstones. What do you
say? Okay. I bet I got it. Yeah. Gay old time. Is that what he's talking about? I just
had to run back here and get my TV themes. You got it? No cartoons. Let's say there's
a pop-eye, the Jetsons. What is that crap that you're playing by? It's new. It's classic
meets Cuba. Sounds like crap to me. Now what's the one that he said I should find? The Flintstones.
I think we got what I'm talking about. Okay. Great. Good job, Pally. Fight
away. George says whatever you've got, he'd like to get some of it too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. So sad. I made the effort. Hey, listen, I'm
easily had no problem. That's what I've heard. Yeah. Prosecutors are said to have expanded
inquiry into League of C.I. officers name. Prosecutors investigating whether someone in the
Bush administration improperly disclosed the identity of a C.I. officer have expanded
their inquiry to examine whether White House officials lied to investigators or mishandled
or classified information related to the case lawyers involved in the case and government
officials say in looking at violations beyond the original focus of the inquiry would
sit it on a rarely used statue that makes it a felony to disclose the identity of an undercover
intelligence officer intentionally. Prosecutors have widened the range of conduct under scrutiny
and for the first time raised the possibility of bringing charges peripheral to the League
itself. Can we say League? No. Peripheral to the itself. And you're like that. 5, 6, 7,
0, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm so distraught in my
whole over a minute when Luis Miguel and my computers like all on the blog screwed up.
It is during the break I would do this long commercial race we got to take a moment or two
and try to put the pieces back together again. Everybody QAAM? Hello? Yeah. How about the
Alhouse for the survey? The Alhouse? The Alhouse. Right. The Rale Alhouse. The Coral Springs
Alhouse. Food there is terrible. Okay. You got it, man. Thank you. Thanks. No further
again. I don't think I ever heard of the Alhouse. Did you? Sure. Go there often. You do?
Yeah. Often enough. You like it? It's fine. What do they got besides Al? I don't know.
Beer obviously. Lots of beer and probably beer. You know, things like that. I think it's
good for what ails you. It's got funky burgers like mushrooms, Swiss burgers. I like that.
They got pasta. They got seafood. Yeah. But it's, you know, it's middle of the road
fair. It ain't fancy. You can go there and go there. In other words, it's for shleppers
like you. Right. Well, so what's not to like? It's fine most of the time. Okay. But we'll
put it on there because whatever they say, it's their taste. It's not our taste. If
we like it, maybe we just got bad taste. Who knows? Taste this. If one of this past
note at 560 QA, let me fix that thing.
I'm in love. This is sports radio by city. You way. Yeah.
The Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Coming up tonight,
on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. He was one
half of a hugely successful 80-singuing duo. And even though both of them are out of
the world now, it just seemed like more fun to pick on John Oatts. Nobody remembers me
because I wasn't the pretty one like Darryl Hall. Let's face it, I look like a cross between
Freddie Mercury and Billy Bob Thornton. John Oatts, Unrelenting Bitterness and Tragic
Loser Status provide exactly the kind of demeaning, sphincter tightening awkwardness. We love
here at Inside the Behind. Well, I'm here to tell the world that I'm back with an all-new
show I simply call an Oatts. I'm sorry? An Oatts featuring all the parts of the
Holland Oatts songs that I made famous. Parts you made famous. I'm not sure I understand
it. Like KISS on my list. Because you're KISS. Because you're KISS. I get that. I see that.
Because you're KISS. Oh my god. Or Man-eater. Whoa, here she comes. Right, guy. Whoa, here
she comes. Sure. Yep. Whoa, here. We stop. Rich girl. Rich girl. Rich girl. Rich girl.
Rich girl. Rich girl. Rich girl. Rich girl. Yeah. Oh, Mr. Oatts. Oh, Mr. Oatts. Oh, I'm sorry.
Is he singing just the backup again? Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing. But that's what
you guys like, right? John Oatts, if they gave an award for a second banana. Hey, FCC, I said
banana. Go ahead. Find me. It's a big juicy shopping went. Look at your business tonight.
Uninside the behind. Well, I forgot to mention this before because we got so much
crap going on with my computer getting dittled around which thanked the goodness for my
technical expertise. I got it all straight and out again. You know, that broad that was supposedly
missing and they had the big man hunt. They used all of that. The meeting got everybody whipped
up into a frenzy. Yeah, what about it? She made it up. Oh, she just wanted to be alone.
I can relate. Miss Prowl on the Tyco case. One of the jurors. I wonder if it was the jury that
kept giving the okay sign. You know, that's the great-haired bitch. Miss Prowl on the Tyco case
and then the broad that supposedly was missing and they found her and, yeah, her kidnap.
She wasn't kidnapped at all. She just made it up. Was it Greta Garbo or Marlene DeTrick or who
was it? I want to be alone. Somebody like it. She wanted to be alone. It'll tell me who was it?
May West. Was it? No. May West said why don't you come up and see me sometime or some?
I think you're right with Greta Garbo. She wanted to be alone. Anyway, Nacio Comorismo
Gel Gallego Basteri, on December 10th, 1970, in Puerto Rico. I'm not going to push my luck.
I can read this pretty good, you know. Yeah, not bad.
Debuto in la musica con tan solo dos años y poco después revisio y si o su primer grame.
So, anyway, he was a manudo as what it says here. He was a, he was a
a integrante del grupo adolescent emmenudo took many showers with Ricky Martin as what that means.
Luis Miguel fue el colegio Boston de Pedagral donde Cristo ha hasta quinto grado
el el resto lo hizo con profesores particulares. You must begin somebody a heart attack right now.
Why? You have that sound so filthy. What are you talking about? Oh, those filthy foreign words. Oh, you
mean, oh, you mean, you have a muffin air. Well, too bad. Dato kilos comprenomiso,
musicales, no le permitian, as se te arreglamente. What? It just sounds so filthy. All right,
it sounds filthy. What sounds filthy? I haven't read one word here. That sounds
so filthy. That's a bio. 1983 con quista perro Rico en Plano, Aguida Menudo. Oh, there you go.
What does that mean? I have a little ague. Huh? I don't know. What? I don't know. You don't know.
You're the resident's pick and you don't know. He's the he's two years before the week go
in Plano, Aguida Menudo. Now, what does that mean? I don't know. I think we got a fake
spick is what I think. I think he's portagase. Ricks says last night, channel 17 WL. This is
depressing WLRN and Miami played a Nova episode entitled Life and Death in the War Zone. It followed
an army mobile hospital in lives of soldiers in the unit. In one scene, they shoot a 14-year-old
girl who was burned in the hands and faced due to US unexploded bomb. They said the only
reason they helped this girl is because the guards at the front took pity on her. This is
total BS. We caused a range reason broke her country and now we don't want to fix it,
says Rick. What really got me was a nine-year-old girl burned over 15% of her body from US rocket
attack. The parents couldn't get out of the house to get food or water due to the constant
barrage of missiles and fighting. Finally, they got to the army hospital with the girl severely
male nourished and dehydrated. She was only skin and bones. They were going to fly her to a US
hospital for treatment, but she didn't make it. One of the nurses just broke down and said she
couldn't take watching all the children mutilated and harmed. Neil, when is this man that's going
to stop? I'm sorry to bum you out. I needed to vent the DVDs on sale at pbs.org. If anyone agrees
with this war, pull out a picture of one of these children whose lives will be destroyed forever
because of a senseless war. But you know that little kid whose picture we had on our website
for a long, long time there, right? Lucky Ali. The good, yeah. He got all his, he got all his
artificial limbs and at the great, yeah. What a tragedy. How pathetic.
And anyway, so at least when I was in Minuto like I tried telling you before you got my computer
all screwed up, God, you're a hard ass. Who doesn't speak no Spanish? You wanted to fix H.A.
Hey, they can spot a phone in a million miles away. What is the worst sit down restaurant,
chain in America? No drive through. That's the, that's the definitive deal. Does that mean
I have to use my real name now? That is, yeah, Eddie. That is 119 Olive Garden Eddie Rodriguez.
Olive Garden 81, Apple B's 54, Wapalos 47, I have 46 and every after that small potatoes.
Although I see a tie between Red Lobster and Pizza 24. 567, I'm sure we've left many,
many thousands off here. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I gotta tell you, I don't know if you've
mentioned this on the area yet, but the story about about the White House, the Bush White House,
concealing the records from the Clinton White House. Right. Now it is, I mean, that just
that just showed you what people these guys are. And also, uh, well, I want you to keep
several things in mind. Number one, they didn't want this 9-11 community. They fought it like crazy
tooth and nail. Number two, they helped put a bunch of studious on it. Number three,
they wanted the deadline to be like, uh, already over with. They didn't want to send the deadline.
So they fought this airy inch of the way. They didn't want to tell the American public the truth.
How can anybody with any brain cells buy what's the situation?
Beep, Pizza, how are they?
A scan, don't let it slip.
And you know something, I'm convinced, I'm convinced more than ever that what I've been saying for
months now is true. If Bush came on television at 9 o'clock tonight, held a national,
national speech and said, we've lied through our teeth about all of this. We were going to go
to a rack in the first place, Richard Clark is right. And so was Paul O'Neill and everybody else.
And we went in there because we wanted the oil and because of the fact that the Anneocons had
this game plan of domination in the Middle East and world domination. If he came on air and told
it through, they still would say, oh, well, we support President Bush. He's a great leader.
They wouldn't care. And by the way, I don't know how this air America could have overlooked
somebody as air you died. As you would speak. So eloquently on this topic that could really fight
and as a real radio guy, I mean, they really should take a closer look at this.
Well, they can't afford me. I think that's a problem. Have a rate day.
Of course you're all well with 20 years off.
See you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, yeah, I would have been liked to have been on that thing. But of course, normally he's busy
getting sick and dying and all these other things. You know, see, I probably shouldn't say that
because then maybe you'll have no, like that and I'll put him over the edge. Ooh, sometimes
for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Now how are we doing with that cash? Are we getting
the updates? Yeah, we're getting updates. It hasn't gotten anywhere. What do you mean by the
40, 28, so 45, 28? Well, does that reflect the duffs? Yes. I don't think, I think these people
are busy looking at those three pictures in Jerry Hallowell. I think that's what they're looking at
knows us that six pack they got on there. But other than that, I don't think they're paying any
attention to stop FCC dot us, US. And donating, we've got to get to five grand by two o'clock
today or I'm going to tell you right now, George is going on vacation next week. Oh, that was a
bad idea. No, we got to get to five grand by two o'clock or George cancels his vacation next week.
How do you like that? That will scare him. That'll motivate him highly with about their credit cards.
When in doubt, whip it out. Get with it. Visa, master card American Express. Let's go.
Manor these people cheap WQA and hello. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. I've got to push
the 40 other day and I talked to him a couple months ago and they just love him. And I said,
now a couple months gone by and you see all the things he's lying about. He stood up and wrote for him
and he said, you're out stuffing that any other person that hasn't done in the past. There you go.
Uh-huh. So no matter what you tell them, they just love the guy. Yeah, see, he lied. He
lied about having sex, which of course was a big deal to Republicans. And this guy's lying about
Iraq having weapons of mass destruction and having to do with Al Qaeda and terrorism having to do with
9-11 and all these people are dying. I see a great correlation there. Not exactly. That's what I know
the person and they just have blinded. I want you to keep one. I want you to keep one thing in mind.
Okay. Okay. There's an old saying that sums it up where there's no sense. There's no feeling.
Yeah, I can't believe it. You know, there's so much in their face and they still believe it. I just
can't believe it. I want to vote for Black Lobster. Okay.
Okay.
The evil lobster. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I just stayed there. I think once in my life and everybody
had warned me to give you really small portions and the prices are ridiculously high and the food
is just marginal at best. And it's it. I ate it twice the second time because we got some
certificates and you know what? Still wasn't worth it. Even for free, it wasn't any good.
Now you know, that's that's a good deal. A good for a pool. Even for free, a restaurant that you
wouldn't need that. Maybe we'll do that one day, one of these days. Okay. Keep it in mind. Keep
it in your head. Store it away. Okay. How many QA and hello? Not there on line four,
shame on you. That was probably going to be our first lady color of the day, wouldn't you think?
Since we haven't had no ladies today. How many QA and hello? Hello. Oh my god. I can't believe I
did this. My psychic powers even scared me some time. Yes, ma'am. This is Jill Lynn, the hockey girl.
Jill Lynn, are you kidding me? No, it's me. Where have you been all this time? Nashville, Tennessee.
I'm right. What a horrible place. Yeah, it's pretty bad. But you know, I'm hanging in there. I got
my preg. So I'm okay. You also you also recorded. That's me. That's me.
That's you, Jill Lynn. How you been? That's me, me, you god. I miss you so much. So where are you now?
You're in Florida? I am on singer Island on the beach. It's a glorious day.
Hi, singer Island. I remember it well. Yeah, it's you know, it's a very nice beach. So we're
laying out and enjoying the sun and I go back to Nashville tomorrow. Well, how are you listening
to us if you're on singer Island? Well, on Kenya, on 560 here. Yeah, it's a little. Oh my god.
That's a little baby. Well, it comes in and out a little bit, but I can catch most of it. Uh-huh.
And I was just thrilled that I could. So it's good to talk to you. How are things going here in South Florida?
Things are fantastic. I'm not in South Florida. I'm in Toronto. Are you over? Right. I do. I do. Yeah, I am. I'm in Toronto.
And you know, I do most of the stuff right for my show for my apartment. I got a nice little studio in my apartment.
And I'm here most of the time. There you go. So you went to Canada in summer in Florida.
No, I live in Canada and I spent a few weeks in Florida, not any more than I have to.
I hear you. Well, I'm sorry that the Panthers didn't make the playoffs this year, but I know that it looks like the
plaids are going to. Yeah, it looks like they might get into. They won last night. They beat the black cars. They
needed that came real bad. I hope they do for their sake, you know, because that very gives me the trots. He's been
there a long time. He's really done a good job this year. That Stevie Sullivan.
I love Stevie Sullivan, man. One of the great mistakes the Leaf Organization never made. We're letting Stevie
Sullivan go away. One of my favorites. He's a great player. I agree with you wholeheartedly. I need to hear from you, Jolene. Take care of yourself.
You too, Neil. I'll talk to you soon. See you. How do you like that? That is a shocker. And I said it's the prize.
I said, maybe that would have been our first lady of the day and I punched it up. There's Jolene.
What am I doing here, man? Seriously, I'm going to the track right now. I'm going to go over to Mohawk and this scope off the
video.
Hi there, Eau Beste.
That's real.
Not anymore, they don't.
In the airport those building...
I'm happy anniversary.
You always love your show.
That's the ultimate diamond when Joel says she's been in Nashville all this time.
She likes it there as opposed to soft food.
What does that tell you?
Yeah.
And he's in Singer Island over there on a West Coast over in the St.
Sarisota.
Maybe she's over there with the Amish.
That's right.
Amish faith.
You think?
Wait a minute.
Singer Island over there is like a which which one is singer Island?
I thought it was over here.
Does that one up in Palm Beach?
I don't know.
By Jupiter?
I don't know.
I'm thinking of City Island.
No singer Island is up there by a Jupiter or by West Palm Island.
How it is?
Some readers complain about Iraq images.
This is from the Guardian UK.
Groose in front page photo showing the charred remains of US citizen
skilled in the ambush in Iraq prompted complaints from some readers
that the images were too graphic.
The New York Times, Miami-Herald and USA today, A,
said they received a moderate number complaints from I rate or offended readers
about the prominent use of the photos.
What island am I thinking of over there on a West Coast?
Did everybody?
Oh, no.
No, no.
No, not Marko Island.
Whatever the hell it is.
I don't know why I'm thinking of the one by Sarisota.
At any rate, she's just up there in Palm Beach and I'm thinking,
what is it?
Catalina.
No.
Santa Catalina though 26 miles.
The New York Times ran a large photo on its front page showing the bodies
of Americans of Indian singing from a bridge while USA today,
the largest circulation daily in the country,
ran a somewhat less graphic photo on its front page showing Iraqis
beating the remains of American workers with shoes.
USA today spoke some,
Heidi Henderson said the paper received 20 emails and a dozen phone calls
that were largely critical to decision use the photo.
They got 20 emails, wow.
And by the way, Clarence, you were a liar.
You got a lot more response than you want to mark the humidity or a liar.
She said the newspaper planned to print some of the responses
and letters to the editor in today's paper.
They're in there, I'm sure.
The Herald front page editor lies a gross,
a what a perfect name for the Herald, gross,
said executive editor Tom Feeder,
what is our French code plan to write a column for Sunday's paper,
explaining the process that editors go through and making such decisions.
Santa Bel.
Santa Bel, that's the one.
See if he begins with an answer.
Thank you, Roland.
Stay around.
It is right up the road there, man.
It's right up by Palm Beach.
I haven't heard many of the time when it used to be some white people there.
Oh, sorry, Jolene.
We've been saying that these decisions were not made lightly
and we've discarded many more gruesome photos,
but our responsibilities to present the facts as the art gross said.
She's the front page editor of the anxious Miami Herald.
John X Miller.
John X Miller work.
Oh, I guess it could be.
Javier, right?
I guess, but not if his name is John Miller.
What were the X stand for?
Xavier.
That's what I just said.
What else could it possibly stand for?
Is that a phone?
Okay, John's out of phone Miller public editor to the Detroit free press.
The newspaper received a substantial number of complaints.
About a hundred from readers upset about a front page photo showing the bodies hanging from the bridge.
And I'm going to say it again.
All new people out there.
You pansy.
They want to be shielded from the truth.
It's really important.
They just like it Vietnam that the work in public see the brutal grotesque truth and not be shielded from it.
Oh, this administration would love to see happen.
Oh, yeah, let's see the public from those grotesque gruesome images because it's the truth.
This is really what's going on as opposed to this glorious operation.
Iraqi freedom.
Right.
This BS that they're feeding.
What a crocker crap.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in horizon wireless line.
I thought all of garden make a bigger dead, but nobody can't touch no denies.
I guess they never had none of them mother Humper pies.
German chocolate.
Which I'm not really that big of fan of German chocolate.
I like chocolate cream pie.
German chocolate.
They had a great mother Humper.
But you know what they still got that I don't.
Well, I'm sure we'll discover we'll get the answer that right after we get the answer about the artist that they're playing on WCMQF.
Family, those big numbers.
WCM Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to mention.
You know, Bush is now going to appear in front of the 9 11 commission.
It's really quite funny when you think about it that you know, first of all, he's appearing behind closed doors.
And he's got to be company by chain.
I mean, one of his mommy and daddy.
He's going to be sitting on Chinese knee.
In fact, do we put the card to it on a website where it's got Charlie McCarthy's got the puppet on his knee changer?
Sure we have.
It's high quality.
You know, like every couple of minutes, he's going to be looking all like, like, hey, all the product Mr. Cheney on this one.
And why not have his mommy and daddy accompany him while they're at it?
Maybe they will because daddy's pretty emotional now.
He's getting rid of so quick picking on my kid.
Probably knows more about what's happening than then then then then it's not anyway while we're at it.
No question about that.
He's on the inside.
He's such a wolf.
How anybody can see he's a strong leader now with when you see this.
And again, you know, we're dealing with the American population which you know, pretty stupid for the most part.
And by the way, I'm a way home now to log on.
I'm going to be sending some up to stop at C.C.
Thanks a lot, man.
It's a great cause and keep up the great work.
Thank you.
Take care.
My kid isn't going to put some money in there.
Now what's that latest total?
Same.
What do you mean by that?
He's not changing or nobody's putting any money in.
He's putting it up periodically and it hasn't changed.
So in other words, it's still $4,528 more $472 away from the 5,000.
I guarantee we'd have by two o'clock today.
Correct.
Stop by FCC.us and that newspaper at any USA today with the largest daily circulation so that millions and millions of people can see it and hopefully go on line and sign that petition.
What is wrong with this town?
What is wrong with people in broadcasting like I said before?
That's certainly a motivated duck.
But nobody else.
Greg came in with an ice check.
Duff got on there which we appreciate.
Anybody else in the building?
Not that we know of.
Anybody else in the marketplace who would cough up 50 or 100 bucks?
No.
Chief bastards.
Just unbelievable.
Unconscious.
And this is what I was up against the first time we went through this back in 86.
Ready.
Seven whatever the hell was that I and Z the same thing when it came down with all this censorship.
Yes.
And nobody stood up against it then.
And here we are 18 years later when they're still more and more and they never have enough.
Never take away enough.
Just keep.
Knocking down a first amendment.
We just make it up as we go along.
You'll say whatever we tell you you're allowed to say and you'll listen to it.
And let me say it again the most important thing to keep in mind.
Whether you like this show Howard Stern, Bob and Tom, Bob and love Spongebob.
Whoever you like to listen to or whatever you like to watch on TV.
This is just the beginning.
Cable satellite are next and once they're done with that it's the Internet baby.
My life and love.
This is for trail by 60.
We can weigh in.
Here.
ruine you like booze.
I like booze.
Get in like booze like booze like Booze.
Just be boy, keep down the locker room with all that noise
Shake it, shake it, shake it, you like it, good to learn
You gotta like, good to learn, good to learn
You gotta like, good to learn, good to learn
Feel your way, you jackalat
Yes, I'm up for jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got the good ball, good ball, good to feel
Get everything, tell what it is
Get everything, tell what it is
Show you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Got you, you jackalat
Get everything in there
Good game
Good game
CAST
I feel like a lot
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I
the wrong laugh to win something and shine away and I can't do that again, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie,
They're big and proud, they're all out.
What does Winsk Hatch then follow with their brand new,
a fancy, fancy paper to improve?
Says the Hillary Siddite.
The front page story in this Winsk Hatch
is the usual big tease on the front page.
And then nothing surprising.
Although I didn't notice the Attorney General
said a Florida's name in there anywhere.
Or Mark Foley.
Yeah, you?
No.
And anyway, I had a blurb about Hillary.
I had her pictures matter fact.
And Bill Clinton is evidently told Jennifer Flowers,
at least that's what she wrote in her book,
that he's sure that Hillary has had a lot more women than he ever had.
That was his quote, says Jennifer.
Yeah, that's what he said.
So anyway, what would be wrong with having the ice princess bull-like
is something.
Oh, speaking of bitches, this, I mean,
she's kind of cute, see this Audrey Siler.
She's an ice-a young college girl,
but I say put her ass in jail for a long time.
Or maybe in a rubber room somewhere.
University of Wisconsin, honors students,
said she was abducted at a ninth point from outside her apartment,
has changed her account of the incident.
Assistant Police Chief Noble raised it a news conference today,
a little while ago.
Ray said police asked Audrey Siler about apparent inconsistencies
among the physical evidence her statements to the police,
and those of other witnesses,
Siler then said the abduction had taken place
in a different location according to Ray.
The 20-year-old student was found Wednesday.
She was last seen leaving her apartment at 230th Saturday morning.
She told police she was abducted at a ninth point by a white male
in his late 20s or early 30s about 6v tall
and last seen wearing black sweatshirt, black hat, and jeans.
And it goes, oh, this is from the CNN website?
This isn't even off today.
Their website sucks, okay?
Their website blows.
Can you believe this?
Stingles changes abduction.
I thought this was the very latest thing,
but this was not an hour ago.
Then now she says she wasn't abducted at all.
She just wanted to be alone.
And they got this crap on there, and I'm sitting here reading it.
Like some kind of morons, I'm kind of a moron.
Because I think that CNN is up today with something.
It's like those two American kids that got killed over there today
and yesterday in Iraq.
Finally, they got like an afterthought.
If you look at the crawl on the bottom of somebody's
talking head channels, or if you look way down in the middle
on their website, among the headlines,
you'll find, oh, you had two more Americans dead in Iraq.
It's really pathetic.
Talk about managing the news.
And that line we had before, can I say that story about that
Israeli thing?
I sure hope I did.
I guess I didn't.
We could play that pathetic?
Yeah.
That they've got a phone number that they can call it in Atlanta,
and that if CNN runs a story that they don't like,
they all they got to do is make one a phone call to kill a story.
Beautiful.
Think it just wire them up with the dump button.
There you go.
That's a good idea.
I bet you the FCC would like that.
Just every now and then, just when you feel like it just dumps them.
Oh, man.
Anyway, I guess I have a Schmidt-Kandit.
Too bad.
What is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America?
That's our pool question today.
Another pool that they dammit.
Not a drive-through.
That's the qualification.
It's got a drive-through.
Can we put it on there?
No.
No.
Denny is 127.
The Olibee Garden 87.
Waffle Loss 56.
Applebee's 55.
I have 53.
Pizza Hut's got...
About 30, man.
Red Loss 29.
Till he's 26.
Piccadilly Cafeteria 25.
Show knees 25.
And down from there.
Golden Coral's got 18.
I never heard of it.
Is that a new chain?
A new, uh...
I guess we got gift certificates here.
We really?
Yeah, but they're down in Miami, so somebody else is going to get them.
Oh, I don't think a load of Miami, do you?
Am I not?
No.
WB, who's just an out of control chronic facts, who says it just blows me away when I see the reaction
by the public to the brutalities of war.
Prior to Vietnam, it was a punishable crime to send graphic pictures, so I'm a little
and publish them.
Maybe if the media continues to publish the gruesome graphic realities of war for the next
200 years, the sheltered war supporters will finally decide war is not such a great idea.
And can somebody please explain to me how mutilating American bodies is so much different
than bombing a country to help out casually selecting targets that will break the will of
innocent people until they hate the invaders so much they can only retaliate by such acts of heinous
behavior.
If they invaded my country, I'd be in the streets also, we said that's my 50 bucks worth,
but I'd contribute to the downward-of-fastest communication drive, etc.
Thanks WB, he contributed, and that number still ain't changing.
Maybe Eric has been eaten once, is there something, yeah?
No.
What?
No, because he keeps putting the same number up there so I know he's checking.
Oh, so in other words, there's not another dime that's coming on there, and I'm sitting here
thinking everything is going along just fine.
I'm going to go on strike, I'm going to tell you right now until we get to 5 grand.
I mean, we couldn't have made it today without Greg's 500, you know, 4 grand would have been nice.
But thanks to Greg Reed coming in with that $500 check, we got $4,528 bucks.
I mean, if it's going to stall out right now, what's the chance we're going to get to...
About 30 men!
What chances are that?
All these hot shots out there that talk a big game.
Oh yeah, you just let us know, Neil, we're right behind you.
Like I said yesterday, you turn around and look over your shoulder.
They're behind you all, right?
About 14 miles back up the road and they're running like hell the other way.
Because he's asking for our money.
5 bucks?
2 bucks?
How much does it cost for a pack of faggot these days?
About $500?
No, seriously, how much does it cost for a pack of cigarettes?
Three-ish.
Two, like high-tos?
Low-three's.
Yeah, three bucks.
So just, I'd say right now, just probably keep your life for another extra few hours, doing your Pubit service.
The doctor will go that next pack of faggot that you would buy and instead take the three bucks and put it on your credit card and whip it in there to stop FCC.us.
Get with it.
See, I was on such a euphoric high.
You know, when Greg came over to that check and then Duff helped out and I thought, man, we're going to really get some momentum going.
Just like always, same old crap.
It's the same people always who come through and the rest of the people are all talk.
And like I said, the people of Canada, 40 and 50 said, we are, we are understand.
We appreciate that.
We appreciate their predicament, especially Josh and George.
They appreciate it.
And even George put in a hundred.
That's the thing that really is an indictment of the rest of the public out there when a little schmuck like George with a little piker like him.
I'm going to die in debt.
Put in a hundred bucks who hasn't got three nickels to rub together who's treated and abused and used in that place like you wouldn't believe.
And still cares enough about something to put in a hundred bucks and the rest of you, like that.
You know, it's a hard time that some people wake up and waked up and woked up and sniff the dandruff of the deals.
I'm certain to get emotional.
I'm getting wild.
Just like our fundraiser, no matter what the cause is, always an excuse.
Let's auction off some crap.
Okay.
Let's auction off Todd Red.
How many cents can we get for him?
About 30.
There you go.
We'll take it.
We'll take it.
Oh, look at this community and other state and local officials.
And it says that as you said, Department of Homeland and FBI have received uncorroborated reporting on an alleged plot against major US city.
We all might have some of the same sort of 2004 that targets commercial transportation.
Both those agencies, Homeland and FBI have assessed that buses and railways could be targeted.
But I bring your attention to the word uncorroborated, which basically means that this is a sole piece of intelligence that has come in to the intelligence community that we're not able to be matched by another course.
This is the type of information that would not be widely disseminated to the public because of that because it is uncorroborated.
But instead would be very specifically targeted toward those who need to know.
There you go.
Okay.
Well, it's it's Friday, right?
Just relax.
Terrorists may or may not try to bomb major US cities.
Buses, trains, just stay home and hide under the bed.
That's a good idea.
560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for Rise the Line.
We got 9.1, just we got what?
Another 20 bucks.
And that's it.
This ain't got to cut it.
4548.
We're still $452 short of the 5 grand.
See, at this point, now, you know, yesterday I was like run on the edge.
Like, should we proceed with this or not?
Because I don't want to like have to give a whole bunch of money back to people.
Yeah.
But if we aren't going to raise like even 10 grand, for example, what's the point?
I mean, what kind of an ad you take out for five grand for?
And we can't even get to five grand.
I got that thing you sent me yesterday from USA today that the rate sheet.
Yeah.
Here's the actual rate sheet.
Let's see, the minimum, the smallest data, 16th of a page is 10,600.
16th of a page.
You know how small it is, but the size of your thumb.
I mean, to me, the smallest and eighth of a page is 18,300.
For the 31,600, we get a quarter of a page.
That's what we really need to get people's attention.
Although an eighth of a page, 18,300.
We'll just continue pressing on.
And by the year 25, 25, maybe we can get to a few people out there.
This is, like I said before, we're not giving anything on return.
That's a problem.
Oh, no, we get a CD.
No, we get no.
No.
Don't we get like a key chain?
You might not be freedom.
You get our thanks.
You get our thanks.
Two or three bucks and they won't do it.
The cheapest lowdown, it's just astonishing to me.
Another one.
Like $2.120.
No, $4168, though.
$4668.
You see, I have to admit, I don't like bitching people out and chewing a knife like sign a petition.
How much effort does it take?
How much effort you're all sitting there watching porn or on your internet?
You're not fooling me.
That's right.
They're busy.
They're looking at Jerry Hallowell's boobies on air for a couple of minutes and they go into their favorite porn sites on the computers.
They're not fooling me for a second.
This isn't their pretendant of work like our sales holes back there.
If our sales people were working, what kind of a log we had yesterday and today?
It's like a going out of business log here at QAM.
Maybe Greg ought to rethink giving that 500 bucks or not the way things are going in this joint.
Maybe they took in a good, you know, some good money on that phony option the other day.
Oh, maybe that's what we need to do.
Let's auction off most.
Peace.
What do you say?
Absolutely.
You know, he's got a whole bunch of spares anyway.
How about you manage this old jockstrap from those the Super Bowl championship years?
What do you say?
Oh, right.
They have to sit here in big and plead and squeeze and cajole and just practically terrorize people.
Almost like stealing, reaching into your wallet and trying to squeeze three or four or five bucks out of you.
Just pretend you dropped the five dollar bill at the Astur while you were buying your fagots or your milk or whatever your soda's.
Huh?
Just pretend you dropped the five on the ground.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was curious.
You were always talking about how many votes you guys need.
There's about a million, a million for uh, FFCC.com.
Signatures, yeah.
That's what's going to happen.
Okay.
I find it and I'm just curious, if a million come, what will you, what will happen?
What exactly will happen?
The world will stop spinning around.
What will the FCC do with a million signatures?
Well, how?
That's just a question about the FCC is going to do.
It's a question of whether Congress, I mean the Senate still hasn't passed that uh, in decency bill.
And then the point is that it passed so easily in a house because nobody was saying anything about it.
It passed 391 to 22.
There were only 22 people out of 435 and a House of Representatives voted against it.
And that's because nobody was screaming and yelling.
And that's what you have to do in front of the Senate.
So the, in fact, on that website, you can click on there and you can audit.
And he will automatically generate a letter from you to both your U.S. Senators.
Right. I heard you said that yesterday.
So we, I mean, you don't think in an election year that they're going to pay attention if they get a million people signing a petition?
Right, right.
They're going to start peeing in their pants, man.
And I got one more question.
Like some of those bits that you can't play anymore.
Yeah.
Why can't you just belief out what you can't hear and still play the bit?
Yeah. Well, I worked on that one and it took me forever.
But it's a good idea.
Well, we're going to work on it.
Okay.
Thanks, Holly.
Thanks for your help.
4191.
See, 42, 4191.
4691.
4700 bucks.
And 13 cents.
What?
And 13 cents.
13 cents.
That's a lucky 13 cents.
That might be what puts us over the top.
Absolutely.
Am I doing it?
Boy, what an unbelievable effort.
What I am.
But, you know, we keep plugging along.
That's me.
I refuse to take for an answer.
I'm just stubborn.
A stubborn old cunt.
I think we got a few stubborn old cunts in his joint.
All the crap you can unwrap.
Right.
You know, by the way, Wayne hates you, Moe.
I just thought I mentioned it again.
It's just for the hell of it.
Not any special reason.
From 57 at 560 WQM, if you want to spring into savings right now and save a ton of cash on a great new car truck,
you can do it at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
They run US-1 only 20 minutes south of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota homesteads worth the drive because they're going to save you so much.
A whole pile of thousands of dollars on great new Toyota speaking of cash.
Check out these great leases.
An O4 camera or a 4-winter for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 high under just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra.
It's the safest truck in America.
You pay just 179 bucks a month for 48 months.
And these are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
And when those nasty toll increases on people using cash on the turnpike,
Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy a new car truck there.
General manager David Richon is tire staff will do whatever it takes to make you a deal and put you in a great new Toyota two day.
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference.
Locally owned and operated are committed to 100% customer satisfaction too.
Their service departments even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your service work done and done right.
You'll find them at US-1 and 2.93rd in Homestead.
It's only 20 easy minutes south of the 836 so jump on down.
Don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who overpromise and under deliver and then get some their dealership under some fully pretense.
Do the smart thing.
Do what the folks will treat you right.
Call David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead at 305.
242-2.37.
305-242-2.37.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at 605.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great Toyota at 605.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great Toyota at 605.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great Toyota at 605.
Build the cars in mine because
you let the sky go when he makes it way go.
Monika is not the kind you can do in the
a cigar and her you don't mind.
Well, he don't know where a stove he goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between human and human.
And then I can saw the turnseater and saw her naked.
Stars report can lead to go in blind.
Now, Clinton, he was working hard late nights in the overrear
office working on a practical joke.
He took him back a new door, put an explode in,
loaded for Monika with glowing rings a smoke.
Build the cars in Monika.
Ride a little and ride a little.
He made a new door.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great Toyota at 605.
Feel that Hillary was wronged
Up in the Lincoln bedroom
She was moaning
Moaning our goal was doing her with bills old bond
Bills to cause and monocles
She let's out of giggle
Every friggin' time he makes it wiggle
Monika is not the kind you can do in the
But us a car and her
She don't mind
Oh candy and say good evening
But master is faster
Oh yeah
What she gotta do is take a tip
Oh
I get emotionally a dream just from listening to that it's 104 at 5 60 WQ AM all the bleeps all the time
America slept while the first amendment was being dismantled okay while people were saying oh you can't say and you can't do that and you
Chirinly can't play right
And America just said back this has got to be the most passive country on a face of the earth the most passive GD countries
Yeah, just use the initials there I heard it can't say that anymore either
Oh, well, that's coarse speech man. That's oh yeah, whatever and and they just keep making it up as inkable long
Justifying it under some other world while it's in decent speech. It's obscene speech. It's coarse speech
It's vulgar. You know something there the ones who are obscene make no mistake about it
When the founding fathers made the first amendment they didn't say uh well
Unless of course you say things that the FCC don't like or bunch of grumpy old men see the senator Sam Brownback from Kansas
This guy's picking up right where Jesse Helms left off. That's what he's all about
Another right-wing lunatic and of course nobody. I mean just about nobody except maybe Russ fine-gold from Wisconsin
Almost nobody in America's got the balls to stand up to him and say hey, where the hell you making this crap up huh
You're gonna tell everybody what oh and by the way did fourth no jury no jury number four in the tyco case got a
Causing phone call in the last 24 hours. That's why they got the mistrial
A core or a course of letter within last 24 hours. In other words, they made them an offer they couldn't refuse
Uh-oh. Well, I don't think I want to be involved in this no more. Okay, mistrial. We'll start all over again
Well
These grave robbers that ripped off and scammed people from their life savings from millions and millions all these guys from
And Ron and world comm and tyco these people should be on death row right now
That's where they ought to be they're worried about putting Martha Stewart and Jill because she lied about the few grandets
You made big stink and deal all of these people ought to be on death row
And they're walking around on the loose
Anyway, like I said very passive people they lose their life savings based on a bunch of lies. Oh, what was me?
I guess I'll have to work till I'm 95. Oh gee. What was me
Let's put it another uh four years in there for the guy that's big businesses favored pawn. Okay, let's put him back in here again
He never made a big business enterprise that he wasn't in love with and then in bed with but let's put him in here again
Well, it's speaking of money if we have any cash left over after we get our full page ad
Yeah, you know who we're gonna give it to Donald Trump
You need that yeah, I know if you don't give them money you're fired
Casino mogul Donald Trump may have the final word with his television apprentices
But his auditors say Trump's casino company will be in deep trouble without a cash infusion
Infusion which will leave him with a minority holding in a company
So I think in the beginning of that show every week
You watch that show?
Are you kidding me? No, I watched it once
But to begin to the show Donald's gonna come on and make a personal plea to the audience. Yeah
The warning hit the shares of Trump hotels and casino resorts with fell more than 12% in trading Wednesday morning
Got okay, well maybe uh crushed a lot of money to keep that hair going like that. You know keep that color and keep it up the same texture
five five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and I want to tell you one other thing too who's starting to give me a little bit
The rub me the wrong way even though he's doing a fine job is the guy that started all this got up there in New York very few people
Would have undertaken such a massive project, you know
Yeah, and we're not looking for any and I'm speaking for myself any publicity any mention
I don't want to be associated with this thing. It's his deal
But it would seem to me since we're trying to raise the money
To enable this guy Scott and the people who support this idea to place this ad which he thought was a great idea
By the way, it would seem to me that just maybe since he's got a hundred and forty five thousand plus signatures on there
And there are a lot of people that are looking at that thing
Maybe he just make it might make a link to stop fcc.us
Now I realize he thinks well, that's a little bit confusing two different URLs. You know something big deal
I think it can be explained we don't want to take away from any cash he might get to defraise expenses
But the bottom line is we could use some support from some other people on stop fcc.us
To raise some cash
Right right and he ought to be one of them
Because I don't think that there's any but I don't know. I'm just talking out of my ass
I don't think there's anybody on there anywhere in this country who's got more people to sign that than than we have
You think that's a revolutionary comment? No, I think it's accurate
So I'm just throwing it out there because Eric tells me that Scott's listening to show he's glued to it every day
And what it'll not but also to be listened to
There's something to think about Scott give us a little help in hand. We're trying to help you
We're trying to do it for the cause that you very violently have undertaken
It'll be really nice if he could give us a little more exposure because just sit in here and try to drain the money
I tried to drain blood out of a rock with this crowd. I don't think it's gonna work all our well. What do we got now?
One moment please. Yeah, take a peek
Three sixty one thirteen
Forty three sixty once it is forty eight sixty one and whatever they're getting the thirteen
Maybe Dan Merino allowed give the thirteen cent. He's got a great sense of humor and great lips
Forty eight sixty one and he's a hundred and thirty nine bucks more. We can do that. This is our easy. Okay
I'm going to Todd Dreckle. No problem. What about his visor master card
WQM. Hello
Hola
Hello sir
Yes, sir
Dad phone give a new phone pali
WQM. Hello. Yes, hi. This is hi
Hello, yes ma'am. Yes, this is Sheila Ranson calling. I am with a forum publishing group
Right and I'm wondering who I speak with regarding advertising please. Oh hang on
How do you like that? She wants to talk to somebody about advertising. Don't put her in touch with Todd Dreck
I'll tell you that
She's on lion three there put her in touch with somebody good like Adam or a toy or somebody like that
Right, right maybe even the fat boy. No, like I said somebody good. I'm fat boy
And I'll tell you one thing. I don't see any money coming in from any of our salespeople of you
Has screw-and donated the dime to our car fat boy Todd Dreck
Christ Rapper that new broadway. Whatever name is Stephanie. No
Who else we got Adam? No, which I'm really shocked at that
Who else we got we got 80 million sales holes back there skipping
Skippy who squeezed all the commission out of all as a custody just inherited
They he doesn't service it all and do a damn thing as he got donate no no you little weasel you man you little weasel
If you don't believe it just take a look at Moe and you'll know for sure there's nothing and the world worse more anxious and
objectionable than a weasel
Just take a look at that thing. It's crawling around on his forehead
Absolutely, maybe that's why Wayne hates him. Maybe Wayne is jealous of his hairpiece. You think
Could be. Yeah, maybe Wayne would like to bar. Hey listen if you want to kind of patch things up with Wayne
Moe is that I don't want to tell you how to run your life
But he'll want to patch things up with the owner of the team that you broadcast in the games for maybe load him that nice Sunday go to meet him one man. It's a beauty
It's 11 past one at 560 qa m
At 560
Are you sure?
Okay
們
One
Bill man
And there's boogie on the brain
Olson twins are Brad bedtime
So Johnny Depp, Keanu, weezer, Willes, Smith, Madonna,
For the heck of it
Owl, lookers, shorts and licked
Covey, dying for the lakers, Maldives, and bad, I black
We just need to side out
Here we go, now higher
Pretty soon we know
And which we please show them
Here we go, now higher
Better not be worse
Or they won't be short-wish
Once they've been at 560 WDQM, Sergio and Ilea, Schlepper, like per Sergio, he donated 10 bucks to our cost, stop FCC.US, thanks Sergio
He says with the threat of losing my job in the next few months indirectly to debush his policies, I still don't need a 10 bucks to stop FCC this morning
Keep lashing out of those Nazis, thanks Sergio and Ilea, thanks amigo
And by the way, Luis Miguel was a manudo
Now here's somebody says, cool and corral's been in my hometown in 3-2th Missouri for 20 years, alright?
That must be kind of like kind of a two egg, you see?
Right there next to them
Alright, 2.0
5.670, 5.60, 0.560, 0.560 on EAT
I realize it's not very civilating radio, which is why I hate to do it to come on here and beg and plead in school
It's childish, but again that's what you have to do
Because most people will not willingly part with a dime, you know?
You know that?
Oh yeah
Most people are like generous, so like I am
And even before I was making a big bucks, I still if I could get involved in a cause
Anytime I asked anybody, see I'm gonna tell you right now, which I remember that Rick Riley incident at that time
Were you there when they were doing that?
When they were doing what?
When the fire engine or whatever was that they were trying to get raised the money to buy or whatever that feel was
Oh yeah, yeah it was a Vannis
Andulans or a Vannis, something they were trying to raise money to get to again
Yes, for what was the cause, do you remember?
No, I don't, it'll come to me
And I was on vacation at the time
I come back from vacation and we already had some other thing going either our best of for Camilla's house or whatever we doing at the time
But in spite of that, I come back from vacation to reach out and pat myself on a vacuum which I will do
And they weren't raising squat, okay?
And to make a long story short, they asked me and I said no problem, I jumped on a bad wagon
I put in some kicked in some cash on my own, I got on the air and promoted it and we raised the 10 grand or whatever we needed to get the Vann
I remember it well
Now what did Rick put in there anything?
No, I'm not that I can remember, I can recall that was why I kept trying him about that
If you're going to promote for everybody else to kick in unless you're willing to take the bull by the horns
Like I kicked in the first couple of grand on this deal and George put in a hundred bucks
Then how can you expect anybody else to do it?
I mean how can you pretend you believe in it as a worthy cause unless you're willing to put up some cash?
Right, well I'm putting up my time
Right, the time that he'd be sitting there anywhere, what the hell is that? What does that mean?
What a phony, no one do you hate it Rick, we're all like poison
Suts we love, Rick we hate
Hate you Rick
It's just gone down there finally
WDQA, hello
Hi, I was calling about to let the Pactanel
Speaking
Oh, Liesney Gell was never in the noodle
That's what I think
Okay, I used to be a man noodle fan when I grew up
Really? I think she's right because I can't find any kind of English language confirmation
Yes, he just found some propaganda there with somebody made that up, somebody who was obsessed with Luisa
So maybe some pedophiles obsessed with the noodle
Maybe
Thanks, sweetheart
No problem
Ask the chemo heaters
Okay
See ya
Hi
See it's a good thing you've got all Luisa McGill records there, I don't have any of the CD here
Everything, I put them in a box underneath the cabinet
Why is that?
Get out of here
Are you start with your anti-Luisa McGill stuff just because you got a fat ass
No, I'm good as to keep them all safe and nice and doesn't fit out of here
Because you're afraid I might play a little bit on a year
As a matter of fact, you know who is really speaking of the goddess?
I remember I was telling her that Luisa McGill record every day at the end of the show like a 155
When she was briefly doing afternoons before the show
She was going to show her off the night and put it in there
Huh?
And I was getting blamed
Oh, you're trying to sandbag my show, of course everybody was getting blamed
That's before she became a political maven and went on air-america
I think you were trying to sandbag her show
Huh?
I think you were trying to sandbag her show
Right, yeah
Now she did a pretty good job of it herself as I recall
That was before I mean she was just starting out
She was a, you know she listened to Neil and listened to Neil then she knew she was ready
Remember that quote?
Yes
I'll sorry to remember
I know how to handle him now
Handle who?
You
What was the response?
You ripped her an ass because she called you on the phone when you were sick
And when she was going to bring you soup and do all this stuff
And you told her to bug off and just leave you alone that that's what you want
Right
And she was all very bent out of shape about that
Well of course Randy's one of those people unless you go along with her 100%
If you disagree about anything he stabbed me in the back and I'm sure that one of her sick fans said
They're probably calling her on a year in New York
Oh Neil was ripping you
No I'm not
I'm just literally screaming tirade after that and then ended it with well
Well I know how to handle him now
She knows how to handle me
Yeah, with both the both hands stay away
No, geez
Watch it
Get that bell jar out again Josh
The woman a big slot in it
You might have to take that hundred bucks back if you keep this up
So how are we doing on there?
I bet you we got five grand by now
4861 on the last report
Come on let's let's hear it
4886 13
4886
Which means we need another hundred and fourteen bucks
So it's not a done thing
Now I'm going to tell you right now
Any one of those sales holes they could donate a hundred bucks
So we'd like drop in a dime on the floor for you or Josh
Now like you drop in a quarter and Josh drop in a penny
Or is it the other way around?
I'd wet however
I'm telling you
114 bucks and we can't squeeze some cash out of those sales holes back there
And don't tell me they're not listening like fat boy
That's how the crevice
You know something we might keep them alive in other two or three months
If he would put 114 bucks in there
Instead of eating all them Cheetos and Fries
And what?
4456 13
That's 49
49
What were you doing?
We just went down
No no I was adding the 500 before
I'm just reading this off right now
So 4956 13
4956 which means we need 44 bucks
44 dollars on a credit card
My God fat boy you are pathetic
All these years I've put up with your nonsense and your foolishness
And all your fake good deals
Hiya Pally
Yeah all that crappy food that used to bring in from places that were about two days away from going out of business
Hiya Pally
And every time they did
Remember that one diner?
That was special
That place made the Olive Garden seem like Ruth Kriss Steakhouse
That's how bad that place was
The Rancid Meat Dines
44 bucks Todd Dreck
You miserable little worthless weasel
Who keeps changing the dates on a copy and sent me the same fast train copy now
For how many years now
About 30 man
They must have naked pictures of our friend over there at fast train
Because there's no other reason in the world like I would stay on here
I mean you talk about not servicing what you sell
That's you Todd
WQM Hello
Not there
WQM Hello
How are you doing now?
Pretty good sir
All right all right I am going to contribute to the cause when I get off the work
All right
Excellent
All right and just a couple of things I want to touch real quick
All right
The one thing with Josh talking about
I never heard that
I heard it call Scrooops or Strims
I never heard seen like he's
I never did either but he sure has he's got it down pat man
Yeah
Okay now
There's another thing too
This place I don't even know how this is one of my favorite restaurants the emerald coast
Right
One emerald coast over the Navoutro it's only belong that that is a weak link to this you know
I hate this
Let me say this again
Sir it's not our emerald coast
Well the emerald coast off of our 10 broke road is great it's fantastic I always go there
You know that's what I have to say
I know
Okay thanks
Emerald coast in Aventura
Never heard of it
There's three locations I know that we've only been in the spot for a hundred years
I've been before maybe it's some other coast
They're in sunny Isles maybe that's what he's calling Aventura
Sunrise in Pepperpines
Okay well stick to the one in Pepperpines okay pal
Please
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line
Denny's 138 the worst sit down restaurant chain in America with no drive-through
Olive Garden 99, Applebee 67, Lafayla 63, I have 56, Pizza Hut 35
The Red Loves through 35, Picket-Ella cafeteria how many they got?
About 30 men
Show me his 29, Chili's 27, Morrison's 24, Bring Your Own Glass
That's for your teeth
Cracker Burrell have you ever eaten in Morrison's by the way?
No
No
If they're still around
Cracker Burrell 24, Golden Corral 23, I hear that's a buffet
Do they have any Bufo under buffet?
Multi-pod 17, Rasca Loss 14, Benagans 13, Fridays 12, Macaroni Grill 11
Which I'm just nauseous from that because I love that place
Perkins Pancake House 10, which is another one I think is very good
Fodruckers 9, Stookeys 9, Outback 6, Hopps 5, El House 3, Bobby Rabino's 2
Tony Rome is 1 out of 770
See I mean everybody's got different tastes
A lot of these people don't like for example Macaroni Grill
They like McDonald's you know they like vanilla ice cream
And more power to them
Somebody QAM Hello
Neil?
Yes sir
Hey how you doing?
If I make a little bit, one of those papers is, I'm advertising I'm going to go on
I beg your pardon?
You know the money you're raising, yeah
The advertising of one of those papers is going to go on or one magazine
USA Today
How do I make a donation?
Go to our, you got a computer I hope
Yeah I do
You go to our neo-ranges.com and there's a banner right near the top
Not the one that says stop FCC.com but a little bit lower
It says donate to stop FCC.us and you just click on that and then just fill out the form and click on your aquatic card and you're all said
Alright, I'm on my mark
Thanks, Bally, thanks a lot
Alright
Very simple, Eric did a hell of a job on that if we do so so his self
Right?
If we do so his self
It's a beautiful thing
I might be a little bit confusing to people because on top we got we're promoting a Scots deal there which is what this is all about
Is protesting the people in the Senate the FCC everybody who will listen
But if you go underneath where it says what's new, what's new
Right about the list of all the cheap channel stations that you're not supposed to be listening to if you want to protest them
All eight in South Florida
Right in between there is the big banner it's got the American flag in it back around it says stop FCC.us
Promoting the campaign for free speech please help to raise money to advertise the stop FCC campaign the petition campaign and just click where it says please help us raise money
Which I just did and nothing happened
Oh there it is
And then it says you click the thing on and this is a donate and there is the thing please enter the amount
Anything between two bucks and a thousand so it can be two bucks nine ninety nine anything in between
The fat boy I'll come through with a 44 bucks yet or not
Man oh man oh man just wait till I get back to town okay we're gonna take we're gonna take a hundred bucks out of his fat guy
Nobody will even miss it
We're sports radio 560
We did it
We did it
You've seen him on Channel 7 news first as a two bit reported
Now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined Rick Sanchez sings
Here the dulcet tones of the man who brought you crunch act Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez sings
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face store over Hylia. It's one show you all want to miss steak for a good one
You
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience
I accept you as a precious gift from God
We did it
Okay, come down David
131 at 560 every two and mad dog coming up at two Joseph Gackie for Hank and four we apologize in advance for that
So we did it huh?
And you didn't think we could now I again I am really not pleased with the fact that I had to go through all that
Perniadic bitching and pleading and squeezing and a lot of people are at work during their car during their trucking out at their computer right now
But you know we're gonna make this happen. I'm not gonna sit back and take no for an answer
And you know something if we raise the 30 grand or whatever we get and we take out the end and we've sent all the petitions
And nothing happens at least we tried
How can anybody with a good conscience just sit back and say oh well
I guess things just aren't like they used to be anymore. We can't say crap. You just can't say oh that's right just said it well that will be next week
Some nervous Nelly in the building. I don't want to mention no names some nervous Nelly and I was oh
I don't think you can say crap anymore. I don't know by I just just didn't sound right to me
Get off this instant get off the kick okay you silly screamer and thanks for your donation by the way
Dove and what do we got all right grand total yet he just did it then how do you know we did it because he says oh here it is
45
45 45 57
So in five is 5,045 bucks okay so that's not too bad in two days huh we'll take it. That's a start couldn't have done it without Greg
Thanks again Greg. No that's right. Well I was just shooting for 4,000 okay
I was just shooting for 4,000 and when you said he came in and went out five dollar check
See that that's a good sign that we're finally getting through to him because he understands it
He's been in a business a long time well I mean kind of an appropriate the business
Understand of course people and management everybody in this industry I don't know what that was wrong with you people
He said affect your cheap and you're a bunch of lazy bastards who won't get off your ass and do anything in fact if they would do something
How come I'm the one who's always doing a campaign how come it's always up to
Oh God yeah where's all the rest of the people in this industry of course most of them work for cheap channel I understand that those people are
And how about for all our good friend for well up there so we put the link on his website big stinkin deal in fact you know something let's take a look at Georgia
He's on the internet land on an FM okay we're on AM on a station that nobody can hear unless there are like two blocks from the building
Except for Jolene who's up there at Singar Island and I apologize you when I think when the West Coast not that she cares
Let's see I'm looking at the thing there's California way in front of everybody Texas a little bit ahead of Florida
Which we moved into a very strong third then New York is catching up to us
Pennsylvania Ohio New Jersey Washington Michigan man I'm assachusetts I don't see Georgia yet to you
No I'm looking there it is 1110 you know how many it had this morning when I looked at it before the for our show
1119 110
Wow so he must really be pushing the hell out of this thing you know
Either that or he's got nobody listening up there well I don't know what the deal is we got 5145
57
Right
Every time you try to like mobilize people and say hey you know open up a mouth do something you know stand up for what you believe in stand up for your career for your livelihood
Stand up for the constitution stand up for anything or just stand up and go take a leak anything
Yeah you know there's any else starting in again okay we just the too many whims man too many people who just whoops out every single time is kind of like slunk over in the corner there with that body language you know
Kind of like a Chris moron used to do the Panther games you can see by his body language in order to lose a he used to like front down as there's you know what that means from sure kind of like slump some shoulders
But I look a look of a loser moron on his face Chris moron what a jerk he was Charles and dear field beats it say I don't know what that's all about it
We got how much fifty one hundred and some odd we got five thousand one hundred sixty five excellent that's great by the by Monday when I sit my ass down
You'll be on vacation but by Monday morning when I sit down will have like eight nine grand I'll tell you we got our thirty grand
And even if we have to settle for like twenty three grand that's a sixth of a page a sixth of a page will make a difference that people will see it right we'll take it
I mean you I say today they got eighty trillion people are read it that look at it that peruse it
Charles and dear field beats says under the heading of just one more item to add the long list of horse connected with this insane war in Iraq
A recent documentary that a documentary that aired on PBS's front line said that because of pressure by the White House to get Sodom at any cost
The US military dropped megaton bombs on the homes of Iraqi civilians killing countless numbers of innocent men and women and children
The military defended sections by saying that no matter how weak the intelligence reports were they felt they just couldn't take the chance of missing Sodom
Which of course we now know they did but that's not the worst part of this story as we all know in a war tragic mistakes are sometimes made
But this mistake was repeated not just once but fifty different times and some people still wonder why the Iraqis are throwing bombs at us instead of flowers and candy
One final point says Charles George Bush also puts the blame on 9-11 on poor intelligence
But we already knew that he was an idiot as he became president that's right lack of intelligence and the W in the same sense as a redundancy
Wow, I was saying 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line how many signatures is Scott got yet 145,000 to 52
I'm looking on there he's looking to collect some I don't see anything on there. Well, maybe he'll work on it
Okay, maybe Eric can put some pressure on it put the squeeze on America. Okay, say listen amigo we put you over to top baby we put you on a map
Now let's give us a little bit. I just I don't understand people you know WQM hello
Hey WQM hello
Change the topic already WQM hello change the station already schmuck QAM hello
Have a cool meal. Yes, sir. Let me turn the radio down. Okay, Rich. How you doing Neil pretty good Rick. How are you 100 bucks for you?
All right, you're the best man. Yeah, right pretty soon angle. Let us play songs with blue and the lyrics. You're gonna be able to play build me a butter company more magic
I'm telling it right now
I know that band and the righteous brothers that not gonna be he was he was doing all that drugs man. You're not gonna be able to play that crap
Oh, come on Neil 100 bucks. Thanks a lot Rick you got it and then thanks for those the CDs too by the way. Oh, yeah, we're welcome. Yeah, right happy birthday. Take care of your soul
Okay, how you like that Rick draw there's a guy see what did I tell you there's some people in this you'll notice
It's the people that have around a block a little bit right Rick shop pumps in 100 bucks and that on there it's 5200 and whatever it is see
Okay, because I'm gonna keep banging away and by the way for that schmuck who caused the mouth breath of the idiot who still listening
They're around the clock air every single day 10 to 2 wouldn't miss a minute. I'll change the topic when I'm good and ready
Okay, when we accomplish what we want to accomplish we don't need any instruction from some retard all right and when I say we
Don't need instruction from retires that includes some of the people in our building. Sorry
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, can I speak to Neil speaking?
Yeah, sir I know it's a little late in the poll but
No, no, I'll be on there be on there all weekend. Oh, it will. Yes, how about cheesecake factory cheesecake factory is yeah, right the worst service the food is just fat
Yeah, but the service is horrible they put the F and F he's right about that service. It's the worst but it's certainly no denny's
Denny's the only reason go to Denny's and if you go you got to bring something eat while you're waiting for your food
Okay, pal, he will be brown bagging it with very jackass. Thanks a lot. You got a cheesecake factory. Give it on there. We got him
Denny's though and in fact I was right all of garden starting to make a little move again. In fact that's what happens when you eat there in a few minutes
You start have another movement
Denny's one forty four all of garden one oh three did we hear anything from skipping about the Mots of pizza at the pizza off or anything from a jack
Oh, no, I think you just abandoned us. I think he's I think he went into business with the rumors now. Yes
Monkey business
Denny's one forty four all of garden one oh three what is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America
One that doesn't have no drive through which leaves out all the fast food joints
Apple B 70 I bet you Josh is proud to see they're in a strong third
Look at that I did that just a blibbably I mentioned apple bees
There's one right out there by me in sunrise. You don't know that don't you read on sunrise boulevard? Yes, I did. Never been there
Wathlaus 67 I have 58 the red lobster 37
Pizza Hut 36 show needs 33 pick it up a cafeteria 31 picked this
Chullies 29 Cracker Braille 27 Morrison's 24 golden Carral 24 the melting pot 17 Benagans 15 the Rascal houses look out for a
Teen that's one of the great I'm telling you what what they see in that place. I just it just dazzle me. It just amazes me. Oh
You don't understand what you're talking about the pastrami and the cornbee. It's Drek and
You can't complain about the service in that place because there isn't any
They feed people is if you want to be treated like a real they say oh, it's like it is in New York
Well, that's why most of us don't live in New York. Okay. We don't want the rudeness
We don't want to be treated like some kind of a shlipper like some kind of a barbarian
Oh, that should be your worst trouble sunny is that kids sit in their way orange juice is squirtin down all of his pants
20 to two at five sixty Q.A.M. Your barbaric station for the new millennium
I
This is for real
You
I've tickled it down that Rick and son are on in the afternoon. They sound great
I think they found their nister and god bless everybody
Richie Tiki here to tell you all about the groovy down the rabbit and the grand opening of the state of James right here
Self-Mart and come on down to meet your favorite radio legends sitting here along the bench
We have the O Rogers J Michael's and Larry can't but Larry good mega today
But it's 89 degrees here on the Saturday hop afternoon and it's time to place my order
So here's the top order to get down into silver dollar menu at stake and chick coming in at number one
It's a double burger rare with cheese fries bubble under at 39 and the big quick top 10 most requested dessert
The ball time according to this week's over dollar menu is often milkshake and I guarantee you guys and girls
It'll be the smoothy shake you ever had because it's gonna be whipped up by none of earth and jamip renal herself
And remember you can win a free fatty melda if you can guess how many wallets me oh has in his front pocket
So come on down you're gonna have yourself a great time. We'll be right back every this
Special act by the
I've replayed that before there's our tribute to our buddy Richie
Well, where did that come from? I don't know. It's ancient
Did you ever play it? I'm gonna play it, but I heard it well there you lost the ever played it
There you go Rick. That's for you. It's a tip of the steel cap to Ricky Tiki. This just in yes
250 from Jim Manage all right. There's the man. I know he come through for us
He's got the big bucks make no mistake about it. I know it is loaded big everything. Okay
Josh
Jar right there get that jar sticking there goes the George's hundred
So yeah, right. So what do we got now about the close-down six grand I bet oh
Wait, there was another update during the break
Oh, now Eric just eric just emailed me something that I'm just a little bit disturbed and concerned about
I don't understand what the hell I met Eric. I read it, but I don't I don't I think he's getting a little bit carried away
Anyway, yes 48 you can add the five to this 48 3776
53 37
How can that be is that correct?
53 right
Well, I don't understand we had we had 5,000
247 Amanda's gave you 250 year man. No, I haven't added his yet. Oh, I see well
I added in there if he tells you he's giving the boy the big right his word is as good as you know, how long you added in there now
We got 5587. I'm more close than on 6 grand. We'll do this
See, I don't take no for an answer real easily. Okay. Keep banging away and banging away
Okay, center of bunch of people out there. This is really boring. Well, you know that cut loose for the few bucks
We get it over with all right and then we move on with life
This is a project. This is something like a like a like little kids, you know, here's a work project
You're something for you to do keep you off the streets
But anyway, Eric's the email. I'm confused. There was there some kind of a
competition I don't know. I don't know. Do I better not say anything about this on the air?
Because we're promoting stop FCC comments got petitioned right and if he chooses not to put us on it
That's up to him, but I mean we're not we're not gonna start all over again Eric
I don't think that's what he meant assuming that you got what I got
I didn't get a copy of the email. I don't understand that but anyways is that we're getting touched with Peral maybe maybe you can do that
Well, you're going on vacation
Somebody can get touched. I'll send it down the line
But again, keep in mind I do understand his predicament because he's working for a cheap channel
That's basically he's working in land is owned by clear channel and they might not want him to go on on it
up because they're you know busy sucking up to the bush people and the FCC they're getting fined every time they turn around
WQA and hello
Hey, yes sir. Hey, how you doing buddy pretty good. Hi. I am mad as heck you know that I'm a hard work in SOB and
Push gets on keep you the dance and anybody out of work is lazy and a gold bricker
Yeah, I'm the other private rate even though they created all these jobs
They say 300 8000 unemployment rate just went back up to 5.7 percent
5.7 percent
42 interviews the last three months and this SOB is calling me a gold bricker. Yeah, yeah
He could be subbed his head fixed among up. Okay, great
Vote early and often pal. That's my best suggestion and good luck to you. What do you say?
560.560
Pound 560 on a 80 I better check my email here again real quick before Eric precipitates some kind of a
I don't know what he's gotten minder. What did he email to you anything?
Oh
Confusion with people donating to scott site because he has a place to donate there right as opposed to the money that we're
Well, I did not go on here the other day and say didn't I encourage people to donate and help him defray the cost of this thing and he's got a little side on it
It's fine. Okay, it's great. No problem with that. Eric's concerned that some people might be going there thinking that they're contributing to this total
Right, that's why we have the other competition or anything, but just there's there might be some confusion
I see my never thought about that. That's a good point Eric, but I have no idea how to solve it and don't call me
560 560 on a 80 and D line WQM. Hello, yeah, great. It's the same same schmuck
Same
Yes, he is still there though still hanging on everywhere at our church. Schmuck WQM. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
speaking
You can you tell me why you can't play the condolese a bit. I never heard why
You can't play that because I was told that if I played it again, I would be fired. Is that a good reason?
Yeah, but for what? What's that because because pressure was brought against the radio station by a bunch of right wing
Enough jobs from newsmax.com and Fox News and Fox News Heather and they made a big simous about condolese and how is playing all this
racial stuff about doctor rice not as other crap and then they threatened to bring in some so-called
Equal
Rights group some black militant group that was going to come in and pick at the station and we had a whole sort of dance about that
And so you know since we all want to keep working. We just don't play it
So as Bush is okay. I mean we can we cannot bush though all we want can't we? Yeah
So far as of this morning
All right, well, we'll keep doing that please
Yeah, and we will thanks a lot pal
Yeah, the condolese story never really got told very well
That's because most of the people in the local media that was a major major story
We were threatened with just all kinds of everything short of death if we continue playing that and kiss a
Good morning on air the rest of the Tusson song both of which we played 80 billion times and when people from out of town come in
And they want to silence you see this is what's going on American now threats
Threats oh, well if you play that you're going to get fired. Okay. Well, guess what I'm not going to play it
Yeah, we have a squad to fire you too
Yeah, the old fire in squad your fire
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and T and Verizon wireless line
Everybody Q a and hello you're gonna get fire
Q a ill yes sir
Hey, where's Lee Harvey on wall when you need him
Beauty my neck cute. Yeah
I'm lucky inside. Yeah, right. I know you are and me too
Denny's 146 olive garden 104
Apple b 76 and by the way for you sir, where's Jack Ruby when you
Waffle out 72 i hop 62 and the red lobster well so long drop off to the red lobster and pizza
Although they're having a hell of a battle 30 37
10 before two thanks again to the mad dog he demands
Here's sports radio 5 60s you a
You a
All right
The Middle Eastern world
We'll be exploded to Dom at people kill with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea and
The notes there to see them but right
We just drilling it over and over into our head
That Iraq has some
Weapons of
3000 people killed
Are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after sent down to play kato summa
There's no longer mention of the name been laudate but no one seemed concerned all
comfy and complacent believe in every word of this cartel
Administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is
Drilling it over and over and over into our head
That Iraq has some
Weapons of master's direction
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying we're all suspects now
Not the ascrop this day. I have nothing to hide table talkers all are saying
Blind-o'-peedy and paddled on house in any reservation
out of provoked battle and world annihilation
Old regime must fall and have a virgin installed with no objection at all
Democrax don't have the ball and the right wing is drilling it over and over
It too
Farate was
156 to 5.0
Compan I just get an email. I said nothing of the sort just whoa calm down now a little bit
And says please call me and I'll explain why I'm going to lunacy so I'm not gonna call you now
Maybe later, but I doubt it just he's doing a magnificent job. Everything is fine. Just everything's under control right
Right he tends to get a little bit emotional. I said nothing of the sort. What did I say that he said?
That there was some kind of a competition
That uh, well no, I just I just didn't understand his email was he can clarify it or not later on
You know, I mean we got a long weekend. Everything's fine. Just fine. We're speaking a weekend. Don't forget to turn your clock ahead one hour tomorrow night
I'm gonna be saying that to remind myself you know spring ahead fall back all of that crap
To a clock in the morning Sunday morning, which means two o'clock tomorrow night when you go to bed tomorrow
I turn the clock ahead now or turn them all ahead, please
Now here's the deal here's what we got and you know another thing I was thinking while I was playing
Now that we got Rickshaw helping out in the mad dog and duff and you and me and Greg uh and who Greg and Greg of course
Uh, I don't think that the public out there should have to uh, I mean we welcome their support
But they're not the ones that should have to do this because the people are working in this week
If they don't care enough to sit there very best and like to protect their own livelihood
Then why the hell should the public care? This is what always I wondered
Back in the days for the public as well. Oh, no, I agree with that it is for everybody
But I think first and foremost it should be the people who are in this business who ought to say hey
Let's try to do something. Let's let's scream and yell and I just take it them roll over and play dead
Because there's no end in sight. Where does it stop?
Where does it stop? Does it stop at cable? Does it stop at satellite TV and radio?
And I'm telling you what they got in mind and they've already said it
once they get all of these things uh buttoned down and they're going to work on the internet
These are the thought police the word police the fascist police call them whatever the hell you want
It's unacceptable
It's not based on any kind of real law and they're just making it up as they go along
And because you got two week need political parties who are crappin in their pants who are terrified of supporting what they would call smut during an election year
And because they'll you know after us or after sin and 1500 signatures
When you saw what happened went after you did the same thing in the house, okay the next day the house passed the uh in decency bill
391 to 22 that's how much cloud the people that after of God
391 to 22
So you know their help is welcome and they can do whatever the hell you want with the senate
But in the meantime I think a million signatures would have a little bit more cloud than 1500 the letters from the people in after
You catch my drift I caught it
And we got a hell of a start there. Thanks to scott 145,000 plus signatures. I know it's petitioned on stop FCC.com
And all we're trying to do is just rate help him to raise enough money so we can promote that website
So people around the country can open up USA today one day and say hey look at this
Here's a thing all about what they're doing to freedom of speech in the first amendment
And while all of our favorite people are going off the year and why we can't hear a damn thing anymore on the radio and on tv
And why they're having an interest breakdown about Janet Jackson's booby on there see this is how tragic it's become
We're blowing people away. There's your kids. There's your friends your kids your neighbors your nephews your grandsons whoever your brothers
There are the pictures of all these slaughtered kids over there being butchered every day
All the yesterday rackies that are being butchered every day
for no good reason at all
unbelievable
And the public sits back and says nothing
And is willing to accept this fascism this creeping crap that's going on in this country
All based on the excuse of we saw a little booby on tv there for a second and a half
How stupid can a public possibly be how lazy can they possibly be how much crap can they possibly take with the scale
You say fat boy came in again
So anyway, I help us out of what we can do just click on the orages.com when you're through looking at the
Jerry Hallowell's triple booby do a shot there and get on their stop by FCC.us
Got to with the 750 from yes, and it's in Greg 4872 76
4872 and 750 looks like the man go over a little bit too bad 56 20 and of course on q 56 that sounds appropriate
you
