Please leave your questions in the comments below.
I'll turn it over to www.QAM.com
Cut the baby crap boys.
Can we get out of the sandbox, George?
No.
Is it safe?
No.
Hey, some stamps for nothing.
I dumped the bitch right now.
Ah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I think I did it again.
I got really bombed.
Then married my friend.
Oh baby, I was snatched when we were.
So I don't know if it was consummated.
I might use half my money.
Cause I did it sign up right now.
I told my lawyer, Susan.
I got you on the game.
I was having a bad thought.
He was just in.
Oh baby, baby.
Oof, I said that I do.
I had too much food.
I can't hold my liquor.
I got you on the game.
That's not my day.
I kissed the doll.
Oh baby, baby.
Oots, I popped a few chords.
And married the door.
I said, and it is.
10-0-2-5-60-W-Q-A-M.
Happy Thursday to you.
What a circus this is.
I wonder what I hate being here.
I'm straightin' it all out today.
Okay.
No, I'm serious, including that dog and pony show
with Molleo the day outside.
I'm gonna straighten all of that out.
Get outta here, Skippy.
Ron here doing a radio show.
You shmuck.
Go, I screw-screw-in.
Oh, by the way, I want to take a leak in there this morning.
He said, you're right.
She'll do anything.
Who said that?
Skippy.
Oh, well.
He said, ask your man is one wild bitch.
He out of no.
He said, there isn't any act that any human being has ever committed sexually that she won't do.
That's what he said.
I'm going down the list.
Yeah.
Back to.
Anyway, this whole business, I'm coming to work this morning.
First of all, I find my new close personal friend, Molleo, is not on this more here, Gildi,
who's revertin' to a third childhood.
Maybe Gildi's gonna be their new baby.
Maybe they'll just pop out and be Gildi Jr.
You think?
Eh.
And then they's going through the thing about, well, Molleo is in here and Joe is suspended.
Joe Rose was not suspended.
Kim Bo Campo will be back on again tomorrow.
You know, Kim, we've already got more than enough management running around here.
We don't need anybody else concocting wild eye desperate.
We've already been through more embarrassment in the last couple of years than anybody deserves.
Especially with Ferrell.
So when you start talking about, you know, somebody being suspended for some crappy allegedly said on the year,
people in the audience are thinking, oh, oh, there we go.
Oops, they did it again, you know.
That kind of crap.
Well, nobody suspended nobody.
You know, just do the best you can, Kim, in your own usual.
And one thing about this radio station, you see, if the guys haven't already played on the team,
they'll work for Wayne.
So if you expect any kind of like objective, I prefer like Molleo and the Mad Dog.
They're on the payroll of the dolphins.
Are they going to rip Wayne?
No.
Are they going to rip the Danny thing?
Of course not.
The Humper, he's got to interview the coach, no matter who it is, he does the coach's show,
whether it's Juan Stad or Jimmy's John Cena.
So he's not going to rip them and ask.
And so basically what it boils down to is you got maybe a couple people like the big
way down the payroll and me who of course is supposed to be the anti sports fag.
We'll tell you the way it is.
But these people suck in Wayne's ass, man.
I wouldn't surprise me if all those zits they're transferring from his push to his butt.
You know what?
Just the idea of sucking Wayne's ass.
I bet you scrant would do that too, when the bride, that's what Skippy said.
He said nobody in history in a history of mankind has ever done anything sexually that that bitch wouldn't do.
He had a big smile on his face when he was saying it to and he was shaking it a little bit.
Anyway, speaking of shaky, so Joe roses out of town for a couple days visiting his dad or something like that.
And these guys concoct all of these fairy tales about all while he suspended something he said on the air yesterday.
It's back to the days for long suffering QM audience.
When every time Diffle would go on vacation, Diffle never had a vacation till the last one I guess.
Right, the permanent one.
But he never had a vacation.
It was always, oh, he's in rehab.
He's out there in Vegas.
He had to go to rehab clinic for his gambling problem.
And it was just this corny then as it is now.
It's just, it's just awful.
Oh, no, it gets funnier every time.
Come on.
Oh.
And since I've been so honest today, I don't know whether I want to reconsider that whole thing that happened the other day.
I don't know whether I'm always out sick today or what the deal was.
We just didn't feel like coming in.
But I think I've been had, you know what?
I've heard that before.
No, I'm serious. I think I've been had it by the best.
If somebody came in to your house with a knife and stabbed you and then went around the house and stabbed your kids and your wife.
And they were like bleeding on the floor.
And then like a period of time later, the same, like your mother for example, there's a good, and came back a few months later and said, well, you know, I'm sorry and I was wrong.
You tell her, get lost bitch, you know.
I just don't know that I can after all the mean, I mean is like childish.
I mean, just mean spirited horrendous brutal crap that's gone down here just because I happen to be back in town for a few days and happen to have an encounter in the parking lot.
Does that mean that I'm going to like, you know, and then of course after it would have been fine, Mo.
I'm going to be real honest with you.
I'm not going to put on any act.
I'm going to tell you no seriously because this place inspires me.
You tell me exactly the way this is such a Schmidt hole man.
It's such a crap hole.
No, seriously, I came in yesterday morning.
This is the day after we had our little take to take out there in the parking lot.
I started out with him giving me an FU and FU the ground you stand on and this and few that.
We had our little thing and I figured, well, you know, it's better for everybody in life is too short.
And so he's sitting in a control of me.
Yes, any morning I waived to him. He waived to me and that's fine.
That's as far as it needed to go.
Fine. Just be civilized.
But no.
But no.
No.
I came in here sat down starting to organize all my crap and he comes in here and I've got to beat.
I've opened this one.
It's an asshole.
And this one.
And I just don't want to be involved in all of that.
Okay.
I thought we understood that life is too short already.
I don't want to hear about all the internal politics of this scum hole of this toilet of this indoor septic tank.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to know from it.
And he isn't any different today than he was two days ago.
Although then he wasn't here.
Friendly.
No, that's the problem.
I don't want to be friendly.
I want to be civilized.
I'll go along with that.
But just because you shake my hand with your clammy hand a couple of times.
Well, he's got a...for a guy that's pretends to be a jock.
You know, with a dolphin guy.
He's got the clammiest hand next to a Pete Sanfress.
Yeah.
Is this grip firm?
No.
Oh, clammy.
How can it be a firm one? It's clammy.
Well, clammy's like cold and sweaty.
Clammy, mammy.
Like Bob, Neil.
Even Sammy was clammy.
That's why I kept dropping it all.
Remember Sammy Smith?
Sure.
Oh, by the way, a caster over.
Look it up good now.
Look it up.
So anyway, it just...
That goes back to yesterday.
You're just too slow for me today.
Could you worry about that computer stuff?
I don't have to worry anyone.
Don't just run into a rod of...
Oh, geez!
Like you're an ungrateful son of a bitch story.
Oh, I know.
You should be real grateful to him up because he got with engineering.
And they got a brand new computer coming in there for you.
Like, whenever it gets around a couple of days, whenever.
And the fact that we are doing a show here today and tomorrow,
we will be here both days.
And nobody's been suspended yet.
And nobody has said anything on the year that good show.
I'm not grateful.
I'll be very grateful when it happens.
Unfortunately, we do a show now.
Like he said, now.
Yeah, but you're causing muff a great deal of emotional...
I mean to do especially...
Especially.
He's under enormous pressure because those numbers are coming out one o'clock tomorrow.
And of course, you know me.
I had an eight and then a six and then a four.
That's not a very good trend.
You know what I mean?
We'd be very concerned.
When you have an eight one month and a six and then a four,
it's a downward spiral.
You know what I mean?
Like going over the edge of a cliff.
So I'd be really concerned about things like that.
We're going to be watching under a microscope tomorrow.
When those numbers come out at one o'clock.
What a circus, man.
What a friggin' zoo.
Carol mostly brown drops out.
She's turning her support to Howard Dean.
How many people she got with her?
Carol mostly brown.
Okay, she's dropping out today.
I did see Howard Dean last night.
I was channel surfing.
It wasn't a damn thing on a hockey games with a work.
Although, man, what about that Washington...
Who know where they play in Calgary game?
Game is scoreless with five and a half minutes left.
It winds up a three-three tie.
They score six goals in five and a half minutes.
And just bizarre, amazing.
Just happened a luck in the turning it on just at the right time.
But other than that, there wasn't much to go on.
So I'm channel surfing.
There's Howard Dean on C-SPAN and I work with his sleeves rolled up.
He was great.
That was the Howard Dean that we used to like.
And we still do like, but we wish he'd come back and stay with that
as opposed to listening to his advisors, his handlers.
You know?
Wimping on, ain't going to get the job done.
You got to stick with what got you there Howard.
Dean, that is.
No, I'm not going to start a big thing on Moe again today.
It's just the idea that I don't think...
I don't want to give him the wrong impression of the audience either.
I'm just, you know, I'm willing to get along.
That's all.
That's as far as it goes.
He's done too many nasty brutal things behind people's backs.
And okay, the exact thing... who cares about that?
So childish.
That's a problem in this place like a kindergarten.
And why would anybody care?
Why would anybody care?
Why would anybody who's like an adult over the age of ten care about that?
Right?
Right?
Other than Juan and Little Havana who thinks he's got his own show.
So anyway, let's... we'll give you a poll result from yesterday.
We actually had a pretty good result on there considering the fact that it took us a hell of a long time to get that started.
We got two poll questions today.
The second one you'll love.
It's right up this audience is Ali.
But the first one first.
I better do the break, right?
No, because I got to give the results from yesterday because then Eric will pop it off of there and then I'll be sitting here with my hand up my ass.
I guess I'll print it out.
And then you can make the change, Eric.
It's about these space cadets.
And in fact, Howard Dean had a great line last night.
I think Stephen Little Page from Cousinich.
He was talking about the Mars program and all of this space cadets stuff with Bush.
He said, and that's fine if Bush is the first one to go to Mars.
He said, I'm on board.
And the audience was cheering it up.
Right!
Nice going Howard.
Dean, that is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This, seriously.
Could you imagine me being here a month?
I don't know how I did it.
Seriously, I don't want to sound like I'm patting myself on the ass.
I don't know how to how I did it for five, whatever it was.
How many years it was in this place.
This is not a workplace.
This is a nut house.
Without Xanax.
Without OxyCount.
Without any good drugs.
Jesus.
Do you mean somebody didn't leave me any?
I don't.
I don't mention no names.
Okay, I don't get into that.
I don't play that game.
We can shake this game.
I don't play that game.
Check it out.
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
Let me tell you about a place that you're going to love.
You can get away from all the stress.
All the crazy people in the boy.
We sure got plenty of them down here.
And that's Pompato Park.
That's right.
All your horse racing fans and poker players.
Pompato Park Racing in Cardroom has the gambling action that you are looking for.
Located just a half a mile from both I-95 and the Turnpike.
Pompato Park's easy to get to.
And best of all, Pompato Park features free admission for you.
And free general parking today and every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room.
Open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Five days a night's a week.
Poker starts at noon.
Goes on to midnight.
Live racing gets underway tonight at 7.05 pm.
Five nights a week.
Every Monday night at Pompato Park.
Two for $25 dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
Every Wednesday night is Dollar Night for draft beers.
Sodas, hot dogs and more.
Also every night on the fourth floor players room.
There's a 7.95 plated dinner special.
And coming up on Monday, there'll be a special tribute this Monday night.
Monday, January 19th.
Honoring Martin Luther King Jr. with one race featuring the African American drivers only.
Plus the annual Lou Williams Memorial Race, which I thought that was the same.
I thought that's the race for the all black drivers.
But what do I know?
Lou Williams was great, baby.
It'll be a little problem and a little tractor problem there, but he was great.
So I'm driving with many a race.
Pompato Park opens seven days a night's a week for cymbal casting.
Two featuring the best in harness, throwbred, high-lion fall across North America.
Free to watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompato Park, it's easy to get there.
It's a blocked south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule.
You can call them at 9.5.4.
9.7.2.2000 or go on a web at PompatoPark.com.
Did I mention that how come it's not in this copy about ladies night on Thursday?
Isn't every Thursday ladies night at Pompato Park?
I don't know.
Well, today happens to be Thursday.
So I believe it is, but I better not say it.
See you tonight, post-I'm 7.05 at Pompato Park.
My, I love all six is 4.205 city.
You ain't too, yeah.
I just as my lover.
Absolutely.
And that's me back in the ballgame.
Yeah, no.
I admit placing bets.
It only took me about 14 years
to go on TV with crackered ouches, but don't wait for me to say sorry.
I ain't taking the blame.
I've bet once, twice, maybe three times, on a few ball games.
So push me into the Hall of Fame.
I deserve to be in.
I am not really a total crook.
Read all about it in my brand new book.
Go, I bet bet bet on my own team.
And if I pretend to feel shame, I will bet they let me back into the old ballgame.
Hey, deal.
Thank you.
1017 at 560.
His book is going to be a number one on the New York Times bestseller this
so we can when the thing comes out.
Isn't that embarrassing?
America never, never met a scumbag they didn't love.
I never did get to tell a story about the woman that he ripped off for several grand.
It was at a corner or a Gulf Stream.
I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, maybe I will.
Pete Rose.
Just an absolute scumbag.
Who the hell you kidding, Petey?
Anyway, here's a fact that Palm Beach troublemaker right on the box.
First, I hear you made peace with Moe.
I don't think the peace has been a last.
Kind of like the Middle East peace, you know.
They are peace.
Mm-hmm.
No, I'm serious.
I don't, I don't feel comfortable with the whole thing that happened.
And I'm not saying this to, you know, I don't orchestrate any of the way I feel.
I just shoot from the hip, okay?
Right from the hip.
There you go.
I don't feel comfortable with it because I don't like the guy.
In fact, I can't stand him.
See what I'm saying?
No.
No, no, no.
I could have just kept going.
I could have just after the last F-bomb he threw me.
I could have just kept walking and walked into building, which is what I should have done.
But you're softy.
But I'm a softy and he's soft me and is sitting down and have a little powwow out there.
And, uh, but a beep, but a boop, but a boop, but a boop.
You know, I'm not, uh, I don't know.
I just don't like his whole attitude.
He's just a sour nasty person who wants to spread a lot of hate, wants to turn me against the beast.
You and I owe the beast an apology, by the way, especially you.
I already had chummed up with him this morning, did you?
Yeah.
No, because he's pissed off at me now.
He was sitting in there.
He was squatting in there.
Actually, he doesn't sit on a chair anymore.
Just squats on the floor like a schmoo.
He was squatting in there this morning and he, when I came in, I could see he was like, uh, you know, not happy with me.
Because I caused him to be chewed out by his good clothes.
I heard that the clearance cut him off last night.
Mmm.
That bad.
That's how deep a riff I created between them two.
You bastard.
Right. You prick.
But at any rate, no seriously, the audience thinks this is all stick.
There's no stick on issue, man.
Well, not on this kind of stuff.
You'll know when the stick starts.
In other words, just stick it.
But, uh, so, you know, there's a lot of stuff that's been created.
And if I have to choose between the beast or between Zach or between...
Even Robert Grieper, which, uh, you know, he's...
He's okay.
He's just...
He's a man.
He's just there.
He's just... he can't help himself.
Even with his right wing politics.
He's just confused.
But, you know, these people have been here a long time.
And I'm not going to like go bonding with some guy who's been trying to get my ass canned and get your ass fired
and stir up every kind of trouble with his show and concerning with people who hate me like Boisa.
And all of a sudden, I'm his buddy?
No.
Oh, anyway, he goes on to say, then somebody told me, uh, you let the asshole limo guy pick you up at the airport.
See, Palm Beach trouble.
Make it. Let me tell you this.
Okay, get a life.
I don't take instructions on life from some assholes in the audience who I don't even know.
I'm not not interested.
One mom is enough.
I let the, uh, Ken Alpern pick me up because he begged and pleaded on the internet there on his, uh, on our emails.
He said, give me another chance.
And I apologize for last time.
I forgot for that banana boat broad, and I had to pick you up.
Who said,
where are we going?
Where are we going?
Where are we out going?
I'm sorry.
Where are we out going?
That's what he said.
I know.
I think she's the broad that moderated that black and brown debate in Iowa.
She was the same bitch.
Where are we out going?
But at any rate, saying he did a fine job.
He was there waiting for me.
He's a good guy, okay?
He's a little bit on the unusual side, but he's a dog lover.
He's a good guy.
He's a rimmer's friend, so that, that should tell you there'd be a problem right off the bat.
But at any rate, so, uh, yeah, that's fine.
I'm, I'm not a hard ass.
I don't hold a grudge.
But in one case, I will make an exception.
That's not a grudge.
It's just you don't go from deep seated hatred after you're in a half-all of a sudden like your
buddies.
I'll be civilized.
It's up to him.
I don't really care.
See, it's uncomfortable when you, and he creates an uncomfortable situation in the building,
like I've told him many times before, everybody's walking on eggshells here in the morning.
Whenever he's in the building, everybody's tiptoeing on eggshells because what, what's he going to be screaming about today and who's he going to be bitching out?
He's got to look himself in the mirror.
That's what he needs to do, with or without the peace.
He needs to look at the mirror and say, well, how come all these people do hate me, huh?
So if you think I'm going to be your ally, I don't care whether you promote this show or not.
I don't care whether I have a one-shear, you know, and muff is giving me, well, you know, eights to a six to a four.
That's not a, that's not a really good trend.
Oh, yeah.
I've kept that, I've kept that screamer in there.
I've given his meal ticket for last six years, Miss Muff, and he's the word that I had a one bad month and six years.
Two freaking bad, we all have bad months.
Like I'm concerned right eight to a six to a four, like you're losing the audience, you should live so long, man.
You should live so long.
I mean, these people talk about turning on you, like in about two seconds, just like you this morning,
because of the fact that you dare want a computer in there that works like today, not in a week from Sukus, but today.
I'm going to have stuff to do here today.
It's just that, of course, if you would have asked for it before, you'd have probably had it.
Spoke the engineers like two weeks ago, please don't think to find them with a replacement.
Don't think to find them with a response.
You have to threaten them, you have to threaten this place with bodily harm with a pipe bomb before they'll finally do anything for us.
You know, when you're into running and then it's a pain in the ass, like they like they resented the idea that we actually want stuff in here that we don't have to pay for.
I don't have to pay for that might actually work.
What a concept, huh?
That's not the beastly view, you can weigh.
Which is why that TV up there in the VCR and the computer over here and this thing over there in a fast machine back there.
This is what it's all about.
Is Neil builds his own studio.
Okay, so there's paying me a lot of money, but in the meantime, if anybody ever worked in a radio station, we had to build your own studio piece by piece.
I don't think so.
Anybody ever hear of it?
No.
Even our good friend Dick.
By the way, thank you for letting me use your computer in here.
Oh, you're welcome.
Yeah, I'm right.
Here's another fact is remember the game finding Waldo.
Maybe we should play where is Joe Rose.
Yeah, let's play a little game while your children out there.
See, it doesn't really make any difference because while I told you this morning before the show is true, the sports nerd crowd, the host are interchangeable.
It's like Mr. Potato Head.
In fact, I think that's a great idea.
I just had a brainstorm.
You don't hire everybody's doing the bobblehead dolls.
Why do we have a Mr. Potato Head, QAM talk host, and it'll come as a set.
It'll be on a little box with a set and there'll be the microphone and little sports bar around.
And the body hats and the heads and the heads are and there could be little hats.
And the head and the hair pieces will be interchangeable.
So you can stick a nose head in there.
You can stick a Kimba.
You can stick Joe Rose in there because the calls for the sports nerd.
They just keep pouring in saying the same crap.
They don't care.
It makes no difference if it's Dave Hagen, if it's Clarence, if it's anybody.
Anybody, and I'm not going to any of these people, I'm just saying that's the sports crowd.
They don't care as long as there's somebody there to take their idiotic call.
Is that right guard?
I thought right guard was in the odor of myself.
You see, injured?
Is he going to be able to play this week?
Oh, hello.
Yeah.
I mean, give me a break.
So it doesn't really make any difference whether we have Joe Rose in there or Kimba Bo Camp, or Joe Mama.
It makes no difference.
As far as the callers, because like I've told you for years, the reason people listen to the show and the gym management and Hank Goldberg, who's those three especially, is because the personality involved.
Any of the three of us could be talking about the Chinaman on the moon, and it wouldn't make any difference.
It would still be the same people listening, maybe even more.
Maybe even more.
Right?
Right.
Because the whole sports thing is just crap is what it is.
Oh, I know. There he goes on that again.
Well, I got inspired.
I'm really smoking here today.
I'd like to be smoking.
I like to have a nice denim and light.
Are you sucking around again?
What are you talking about?
Nice pace. What does that mean?
I thought it was a trot.
Anyway, here's the poll.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
Who is your all-time favorite?
And by the way, Duff, I hope I get a one-shier tomorrow, okay?
Because we're on a downward spiral.
And guess like I told you, Clarex, just keep the checks coming.
Okay? I don't worry about the freaking numbers.
I got nothing left to prove that he faggets in his building.
Who is your all-time favorite TV character?
Archie Bunker wins out in a tight race.
170.
Can you believe how...
Did you see you didn't see this?
You were busy bitching out the engineers.
No, I didn't. I actually...
I spoke to Jim who told me that he can't do anything for me.
Blens is hard.
Where do you want, know why?
He prefers the company of men.
Who doesn't?
Homer Simpson was a close second.
Archie had 170 Bunker and Homer Simpson 168.
Very close.
Al Bundy, 124.
That makes that...
Here's my guts out.
That's so sad.
That was such a original show.
And he was such a bad nerdy character with a big schnauz.
Cramer 68, that's Brad Cramer, Northfield Downs.
Basil Faulty 56.
Tony soprano 52.
Eric Cartman had 50.
Hawkeye Pierce 41.
Jim Rockford 34.
I don't understand.
I'm so glad that my taste is so far outside the mainstream.
It makes me very happy to know that.
It was a good show.
It was not a good show.
Sure it was.
And you don't even like cop show.
That's right.
It goes to Tony.
It goes to Tony, man.
That your taste is in your tush.
Anyway, how many he get?
Jim Rockford 34.
Fred Sanford 32.
Captain Kirkhead.
But 30, man.
30 votes.
Lucy Bracardo had 25, along with Barney 525.
Same person.
Colombo and Ralph Crandon 24 apiece.
Baby Stewie 23.
Stew Barnes had 18.
Reverend Jim Agnotowski 18.
Edward Norton 17.
Norm from Cheer 16.
Jean Luc Picard and Alphie Chad 15 vote.
Larry David, Mr.
Spock 14.
Detective Arthur Dietrich and Red Forman each had 13.
I don't know who Red Forman is.
That's the original show.
The Dead.
The Dead.
Oh, the one with the Ashton Kutcher.
See?
Something there's something strange about that kid.
Is it am I wrong?
He's a bad actor.
He's not a bad actor.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm just talking about his appearance.
He's just girly.
Yeah.
Oh, so it's not only me.
No.
He's a girly looking girly, man.
He's pretty.
He used to be very pretty.
I told you I saw those male model of pictures when he was a model.
But he, I don't know.
That whole thing with the mean more.
I'm just not too show about that.
Oh, you think everybody's, I don't really care.
He's just, I think he's got a vagina.
Probably not.
I definitely do not think he has a penis.
You can see in his crotch and I do check that out when I'm watching those shows.
Now you can see that there's like an, any instead of an Audi.
A man-gina.
Yeah, he's got a man-gina.
Just like Celia Cruz.
He used to use a big strap on.
Rosanne, Rosanne, Adana, 12, Pyramacid, and Louis de Palma and J.R. Ewing and Sergeant Schultz.
He's head 11.
Mark from Orchette 10.
George Jefferson had only nine.
That's bad.
He was great.
Fonz, you nine.
Oh, look at this.
Look at all the other ones on the second page.
It'll take me the midnight to read these.
Jethro Bodine.
Nine.
They liked his Bodini.
Sonny Crockett, nine.
Arnold a pig, nine.
Herman Munster, eight.
Buffy Summers, eight.
John Drake, the prisoner, Patrick McGuin, seven.
Number six.
That's what we're going to get done tomorrow.
Yeah, we're going to get a six stuff in the December, I think.
Yeah, eight, six, four.
That's not a very good.
I'd be concerned too.
I'm not concerned.
You ought to be concerned, Mr. from what I'm hearing.
Oscar Madison, Frank Barone, Dr. Heathcliff Huckstable,
Otis the town drunk, Beaver Cleaver, Maud, all of them, each had five.
Four for Stevie Austin, Fred Flintstone, Hank from Larry Sanders, and Frank Cannon.
Frank Cannon went up with four.
Let's hear it.
For the Batman, the Round Man.
JJ Evans III, Edith Bunker II, T.J. Hooker I, Pareto I, Uncle Arthur I,
Sandy Ricks, Flipper I.
We know what kind of a person that was.
In fact, trace that vote.
Sandy.
What?
Fag.
Napoleon Solo I, and Alexis Carrington I, Napoleon Solo from the man from Uncle,
with Robert Vaughan and David McCallum.
Well, not something I'd remember the actors, but I could remember the name of this show.
Well, nobody's perfect, man.
Just take a look at this place.
28 after 10 at 560.
So like I said, Mo, it's strictly the ball is in your court.
Just stay away from me.
That's all.
I don't like having to walk tiptoe up and down a hall because there's going to be like some kind of a argue.
I'm not a confrontational person.
I will tell you what I, like I did the other day, I'll tell me anything to his face that he wants to hear that I'll say on a year, or behind his back.
I'm not a backstabber.
I'm a frontstabber.
I'll tell you.
But it's just an unpleasant environment.
In fact, it sounds to me like a hostile workplace.
Hostile work environment.
Hostile work environment.
Sounds actionable, man.
Oh, Greg, it's a suit.
It's a suit.
And our money suit.
Yeah, it's a beauty.
29 past 10 at 560 WQA.
And let's tell you about Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
Locally owned and operated.
These guys have been doing it right for years and years, which is wider still around.
You'll find them on US 120 minutes out of 836.
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead is well worth the drive no matter where you are, because you're going to save a potload of cash.
Thousands of bucks.
Check out their great lease prices.
And 04 Tacoma 2-wheel drive regular CAD.
Your payments are only 169 bucks a month.
And 04 Echo, you can get for just 179 a month.
How about an 04 Celica GT for just 209 a month.
And with every car purchased at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead, you'll get a free sun pass.
And keep in mind, they were the first dealer in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
If you're looking for an SUV Armstrong Toyota of Homestead, they've got an unbeatable assortment of RAV 4's, Highlanders, 4 runners, Sequoias Land Cruisers 2.
General manager David Rich and his buddy Fat Rich and the whole staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a new Toyota 2-day.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference. They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Their service department's open late weeknight till 8 p.m. to make sure they can get you done.
Can be legally located at the US 1-290th Street in Homestead.
They're 20 minutes south of the 836.
So if you're sick and tired of those big fat mega dealers who overpromise and under deliver, then you ought to make the switch.
It's called David Rich, Armstrong Toyota of Homestead GM right now at 305-242-3247.
305-242-2247, Armstrong Toyota Homestead drive a little and save a lot on your new Toyota.
Be sure and tell them that for real, Senchabai.
Hi, I'm Mike and local. This is Sports Radio 560.
You're way, way.
It's always insane.
Each night on CNBC, there's a brand new voice in cable news.
I folks, it's me. I don't want to go out for the rant here, but it's time for the tough stories, okay?
It's Dennis Miller. Finally, a news anchor who gives you the facts in no uncertain terms.
Our old friend Howard Dean says, he can defeat George W. Bush.
Okay, how we, yeah.
And you know, septium has a better chance of jumping ahead of Seporgyum on the periodic table.
Okay.
Dennis Miller on CNBC, reporting the top stories in a language you can understand.
How about that Saddam Hussein, huh?
This guy's more brain damaged than Kobe Ashi after the Asapunco, he can't just hit the Yaku Mapan de Rosa.
Dennis Miller, play news and play talk.
So don't get left behind like Tom Pompadilla, the Lord of the Rings movies.
Stay informed of what's made Dennis Miller. That's the news and I am out of here.
Speaking of that, Dennis Miller, the host talks your host, talk to you on CNBC.
What is your, what a tragedy.
You see this? If you're a right wing asshole, man, they're just pop it up everywhere.
See what I'm saying? Yeah.
Dennis Miller, the liberal turn conservative asshole and defender of President Bush and the war in Iraq,
is less than two weeks away from being the host of a new talk show on CNBC for him.
It says it can't come soon enough.
People say I've slid to the right Miller said in his office in the NBC studios in Burbank,
speaking in his ratatat style, ratatat.
I thought that's what Chris Moore on used to say, ratatat.
Well, can you blame me?
One of the biggest malfeensances of the left now is the mislabeling of Hitler,
quit saying this guy's Hitler. He said, I'm not going to read this.
God, he is just brutal.
So he's going to be on CNBC. One more good reason not to watch the gambling channel. Excellent.
Okay, here's our first poll. We'll do this one to the moon.
And the second poll, wait till I tell you that.
Boy, you're going to have a lot of names on that list. Wait, do you think yesterday was big?
Here's the first one. What and before I do it, maybe I'd like influence a little bit.
Here's the news.
The spirit rover has successfully rolled into the surface of Mars, just like Scrooan, it rolled over.
That's what skipping says. You'll roll over in any position you like.
You don't believe me, do you?
The spirit rover has successfully rolled onto the surface of Mars for the first time since NASA's unmanned robot bounced down on the red planet nearly two weeks ago.
Pictures can fetching. He said the shield bounced down on it.
Pictures confirming the egress came back to NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab in Pasadena at about five o'clock this morning.
Engineers cheered loudly and celebrated the landing by playing the hip hop tune.
Who let the dogs out?
Is that, is that sad or what?
I don't, I don't think there's any hope no more.
You know what? I want to go to Mars.
I don't want to be a stagiole fart, even though I may be.
But I mean, Jesus Christ, who let the dogs out?
That's almost as bad as Kim Bable came for making up stories about Joe Rose being suspended for saying crap on here or something when Joe is out of town visiting his daddy.
Mission controllers had sent the rover.
What is Tommy with a really, surely look on his face? He must be really pissed off.
It must have been something most said.
Mission controllers had sent the rover commands to move three meters down as a ramp from its lander out of the Martian soil.
We have six wheels and that I don't, I'm not going to read this.
So there you go. It's doing things.
And if January 23rd, if you get your 3D glasses, are you going to get yours?
I already have them.
You get to see the 3D pictures from Mars at a red surface, so red rocks.
Yeah, maybe it said red fox. Maybe I miss red.
That's where he went.
Red fox is on Mars. That's where he'd be going because they don't mind him up there.
In fact, they're nicer than dark folks on Mars than they were down here. That's why he left.
He's doing a show on Mars. Probably Freddie Princes up there too, you think?
I wouldn't surprise him.
The whole game, Jim Morrison.
So we got some old stuff.
Anyway, so here's our first pool question.
Now that you know about the tremendous success we're having in watching them red rocks in Mars.
What's your take on Bush's space proposal at breathless, big proposal he made with that speech yesterday afternoon 315?
Here's your five choices.
In fact, I'll give you the results already what we got so far because there's many votes pouring in.
There's smattering in.
I love it if he'll be the first to go.
How many say that?
30. Howardine said that last night.
That's going. Howard, good come back. 96 votes.
It's a wagged dog diversion 20. That sounds very plausible to me.
How can we possibly afford it 18?
I'm all for it. It's inspirational 15.
Right. Aren't you inspired?
Julia.
And what do you expect from a space good at 13?
Out of the 96 votes we got so far.
Now I got some very bad news for you.
I don't want to be the bear of ill tidings.
No, actually it's good news. You can save yourself about how many bucks?
About 30, man.
Don't buy the book.
Oh, and they're going to be swearing at me if they already went out and bought it in my recommendation.
Too bad.
Too bad. No refunds.
I didn't pay for mine.
I want to apologize.
Although, you know, he meant very well to Green Van Dave.
That was a very nice thing.
All I did yesterday was mention jokingly that I wish somebody would have bought me the book,
the price of loyal to be Ron Suskind and Paulo Niel's whole story there.
Which is, it's really the Paulo Niel story.
All the rest is window dressing.
And he brings it in.
And I took that baby home last night in the book too.
And there's not much in it.
I'm not saying I read the whole thing cover to cover, but pretty damn close.
I just went pouring through it.
There is one couple of pages that I'll read about one of the academies.
Do you know that all the academies had to be scripted?
No, like everything else he does.
Right.
I guess because he's a dodo bird, the bushmeister.
So everything was scripted.
Everybody played a part like it was a play.
And it was all scripted out.
But I'll get to that page.
And then the thing about the blind man in room for a deaf people and the asking Andy Carter to go make sure you get the cheeseburgers.
That's all in there.
So basically the media has taken the most sensational things in here.
And about the arachitech being planned out front.
And we already know all that.
I like Ted Kennedy best this morning on CNN with the humman Bill Hummer.
Ted Kennedy is really, see why can't he run again?
We forgot about Chapac.
What if we don't even know where to find it?
The just if you had the opportunity to read the speech, you can start open a polo kneel who has put a book out.
And now it's been bitterly attacked by the president of the United States.
And ABC has a got independent confirmation that in the discussion in the first meeting in the White House, they talked about the military option.
All of the time that the White House representing that they hadn't even considered the military option.
And that's just at the very beginning.
But there's no question that this administration cooked the books with regards to intelligence.
They represented that Saddam Hussein had nuclear weapons, weapons of mass destruction, that American servicemen were going to be treated as liberators.
That al Qaeda was over there.
All of this is false.
But the point that I'm making is if they were going to go to Rua, if they were going to go to Rua to remove Saddam Hussein and no one carries a brief for Saddam Hussein.
But we have to ask ourselves whether Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat to the United States.
If they were going to go to Rua and believe it, they should have leveled with the American people they didn't.
That's my point.
Instead of that, by not leveling with the American people, they show a disdain for the American people and for the institutions.
And they misrepresented the intelligence and scared this country and brought us to Rua.
And I do not believe that the Rua with Iraq is making the United States safer today.
It's deported our attention from al Qaeda and has not helped us in a Rua and terror.
You wrote Ted, nice going Ted, baby.
And he said that ABC has the corroborating story on our website.
President Bush ordered the Pentagon to explore the possibility of a ground invasion of Iraq well before the US was attacked on 9-11 and official told ABC News.
Confirming the account former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neal gives in his book written by former Wall Street Journal reporter Ron Suskind, don't buy the book.
The official last not to be identified was President in the same National Security Council meetings as O'Neal immediately after Bush's inauguration in January, February of 2001.
The President told his Pentagon officials to explore the military options including use of ground forces, the official told ABC News.
That went beyond the Clinton administration's half-hearted attempts to overthrow Hussein without force.
In the price of loyalty, O'Neal says that from the very start of his administration, Bush was focused on outing Saddam, ousting and outing.
Bush says his policy at the time was merely a continuation of the Clinton administration's stance.
White House Aids have suggested O'Neal whom Bush fired to December 2002 is merely trying to sell books.
Both the official who spoke to ABC News and O'Neal have acknowledged that Bush hadn't yet made up his mind for a ground invasion of the start of the administration, but they see officials were told to find ways to get rid of the Iraqi leader.
Getting Hussein was the administration's focus, that much was already clear, it said, and Skippy is back in here again.
Again, we're on here doing a radio show, but a big smile, he just did it again.
He said, oops, I did it again. He just hopped on Scrooan back to the reggae.
You see the smile on his push? From here to here.
Even bigger than...
Roy!
Wow. That's what she said. She said he's even bigger than Bush's amazing for little guy like Skippy. He must be hung like a moose.
So Skippy, Van Moose. That's my suggestion to use.
So how do you like that? So ABC has independent confirmation. They were starting it from the beginning. We already knew that. We have the PNAC stuff.
The American public doesn't care. And poor Bill Hempfer was sitting there. You notice this morning with Ted Kennedy, and Ted, he just kept rolling right along. He wouldn't take a breath.
Test. You go Ted.
Yeah.
And it was great because the mainstream media doesn't want to be hearing stuff like that because it's anti-American and they might get some pressure from the FCC and Michael Powell and all these other fascists in there right now.
It's a pretty sorry day in America boys and girls, but you know what? Who now cares? And Mo, get lost.
Something in your hair just moves. Listen to that. You should try my god of secrets.
Tonight, close your population's mouths. Don't come closer. When I get home, I think we need to work. But it goes from now.
I still just need to see the way we know what to do. I still just grab the inset. I want to hold your hand.
I want to hold your hand.
You know what? Boy, I like the way that ends. What really you grabbed me yesterday speaking to grab in his hand.
Was that email that the beast sent to Howard, to more Howard David? Yeah.
Trying to like follow in my footsteps, and especially on the heels of a tongue lashing by his good buddy Clarence, a tongue lashing following that.
Yeah. Not as opposed to the usual tongue licking, a tongue lashing. And trying to like, you know, say, have an asshole and I would like to just, you know,
just waddle around and do my business and like causes. And man, no chance. He can wipe his ass with that. And you know, I just, I'll bend out of shape again. So I don't know.
No, I do know the answer is no, Mo. No, Mo. No, Mo. No, Mo. I just, I can't handle it. I just, I'm not going to, uh, yeah. That's my answer. Just say no. You move. Yes.
Because, uh, you know, why I can't, I just can't be a phony. That's all. I mean, for a lot of money, I guess I could be a phony, but something like that. No way.
Now, what was I going to do? I got a great article here. You're going to love it by the fact. I mean, by Michael. Send you really? Is that the one you were, uh, yes, mentioning, yeah, pounding this one before the show.
He rips misfudge and asks, which wouldn't be the first time from what I'm hearing. Anyway, here's the second pull, which is the one that we're going to need your input on.
And of course, speaking of an ass, this is great. I was inspired by Edna Wallace on passions yesterday. See my psychic powers again. Now, that's the, uh, that's the one that people here will see today at two o'clock passions, uh, where she says the best.
He says, if you look, uh, look up the word, uh, whatever it was in the dictionary, your picture will be next to it, which of course is a line I've been using for years, but I thought, well, if it's good enough for Mrs. Wallace on passions, why not use it again.
So here's the poll today, the second one. If you look up the word, asshole in the dictionary, whose picture will you see next to it?
And I didn't put anybody on there leaving a wide open. Well, that's what's grand always does. She leaves it wide open.
That's what Skippy said, the barn door. She leaves the old barn door wide open, man. You ought to see what's crawling around in there.
Well, if you don't close the door, especially in this tropical climate here in Florida, you'd ever know what kind of lizards and little, uh, crawler creepy crawly things are going to be crawling around in you.
If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, whose picture will you see next to it? And you can put anybody on there, including me or George, anybody alike, but we're not putting nobody on there till somebody nominates one, right?
Right. And then we'll make like a list of 50,000 priests suspended on abuse allegation, but that's bad.
Since the 90 Archbishop Daniel Polarczyk on Tuesday announced he suspended a former associate pastor of St. Albert, the great Catholic Church in Kettering, Oh, Kettering.
After man reported the priest sexually abused him as a teenager in the Cincinnati area in the early 1980s as opposed to the genital area.
Polarczyk placed the Reverend Ronald Cooper on pay leave after Cooper confronted with the allegation late Monday, acknowledged he had touched the minor, but the 90 had sexual intent.
He just wanted to see how big it was like the abuelas. They were just checking it out. They didn't have their sexual intent. They just want to see if it was a real or a memory, X, cane cutting barbarians.
Cooper isn't prevented to celebrate the sacraments or otherwise present themselves. They preached during the investigation itself.
Well, how do you like that? Another one of them isolated incidents?
Okay, so you can go back to hating me in love and mo all you molder all like Dennis out there. Whatever you like. I don't really care.
I'm not going to sit here and be a phony because somebody cornered me in a parking lot and, you know, I admit I was wrong. I sat down and I listened to his bull crap and I should have done that.
And I was going to know he's really going to go know, well, you see that I tried. I did my bet. No, you didn't. No, you didn't. All you're trying to do is look for an ally and you won't fight one in this place. It just ain't going to happen.
You have no allies here because your hostility. I mean, here's a guy that's whining about. Oh, he's diabetic and stress kill. And he's right. Stress does kill. So why are you causing so much of it?
Why are you inflicting so much stress and all the rest of us? The bullet in the head and Georgia. George came within the eyelash you're getting canned. If it wasn't for my desperate, the
flageulating attempts to make sure we kept him his job, especially when that second kid was popping out.
And we're supposed to forgive him. Forget. No, we do not forget. We don't not forgive. Like because I'm Krolyon. He said that I do not forgive.
So that's the other bottom line on that. I don't want to hear. You know, I'm just I'm disgusted with it. And that's part of the problem of being here.
Not to mention this studio where everything is all screwed up and the engineers are like, oh, you know, like you really want us to do something.
We're too busy over here. Kissed and we're too busy at power 96. We can't be bothered with you guys in here. You schleppers.
What do you're high rated show? It used to be high rated, but does is eight to six to four. That sounds like a double flight, don't it? Yeah, from the center, feel it or the short stop to the second basement.
Eight to six to four. I'm going to get to that article if it's the last thing I do. And then we got. Oh, and also I want to read that just a couple of pages from the poll on your book. It's really disappointing.
I mean, you know, there's a lot of stuff in there about the tax cut and about what an asshole and scumbag, but it's just it's basically a polynomial rambling about his wife.
I didn't want to take the job and what he did for Reagan for Reagan and Nixon in this one. Now it's not very good. It's very highly overtouled.
Here's the poll so far the first one. What's your take on Bush's space proposal? We got 170 votes in no time at all. I love it if he'll be the first one to go 47. That was my vote.
It's a wagged dog diversion 42, which is also an excellent choice. You know, Clinton got accused of wagging the dog with the all the other bull crap with the Bosnia come to find out that we should be worried about stains on blue dresses.
Not about dead people in Iraq. Not about trillion dollar deficits. Not about educate leave every child in the behind. Isn't that what Michael Jackson he's involved in that to work in for the government?
Leave every child in the behind program. What do you expect from a space could at 32 said that? How can we possibly afford it 26? That's an excellent point. You know, Bill Nelson really pissed me off yesterday. He was on CNN. What an asshole you are Bill.
He was debating some guy who was talking about how ridiculous what a waste of money is some science guy who was saying we're not going to learn anything and we can get just as much information by sending like the rover and all the other. There's no reason. This is just a political dog and pony show. That's all. It's so obvious.
And the Bill Nelson our democratic center from Florida. See how a dean is right man too many of the Democrats are like Republicans in the drag. Right. Yeah, they're like doing the they're doing the city of cruising. They're running around in drag right out there in public.
Anyway, how can we possibly afford it 26? I'm all for it. It's inspirational only 23 only 13.5% of course those are the bushlookers. It's in spray no matter what much bush would propose. Oh, that's a great idea. I love it. That's what they would say.
Because they're like blind men in a room full of deaf people.
Bagdad hotel killings a result of criminal negligence says media watchdog somebody just thanks this in from the Guardian UK.
A US Army attack on the Palestine hotel in Baghdad that killed two journalists was the result of criminal negligence and George Bush's government was partly to blames international media watchdog reported sans frontieries.
Sands frontiers whatever that is French frogs. In a report published today rsf calls for the reopening of US Army inquiry to the shelling of a hotel which was considered a media safe house and the base for most foreign journalists in Iraq capital during the Gulf War.
FCC asked to boost funds against broadcasters for obscenities. There we go. Now we're talking much assholes.
FCC commission chairman Michael Powell as congress yesterday for a tenfold increase in the amount of fines the panel can levigants broadcasters for indecent or obscene programming.
Powell said the maximum current fine at 27,500 per incident was not enough to persuade broadcasters to watch their language. Oh man some of these fines are peanuts he told the national press call luncheon. They're just a cost of doing business that has to change.
So let's see once a tenfold so in other words 275 grants the 275 you think that's going to change infinity's altitude no no. There you go.
And of course representative Doug O's of California Republican and Lamar Smith Republican in Texas proposed legislation that would ban five words and three phrases from the airwaves one of those words being assholes.
So let's say it a lot while we still can okay. In fact it's a good thing we're doing that poll today. Did they have a list of those words and phrases?
No not on the road. I'm sure you could find them somewhere somebody will find them for us. Oh no all of these things here man. I'll save these. I don't want to get way into behind.
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary who's picked you will you see next to it. WQ I am.
I think maybe I'm being the naive one but who's being naive now okay. I'm just wondering you know I don't with bush being involved now I'm I believe with this they're probably not even on Mars. Did you see Capricorn one? No. You probably wouldn't like it because of.
Oh Jason I would say that. It's a good movie and it goes into how a whole conspiracy of landing on Mars or whatever. I don't even believe they've ever been to the moon. You know I mean I maybe that's naive but it just seems like. I don't know. You know you don't mean the government would lie to us do you?
Exactly. I mean look at the pictures from the moon you don't see stars in the back and ground of the sky or anything. Wouldn't you see that from the moon?
No. I think you would. Not when it's in Arizona. Yeah okay that's my point. Thank you.
I like you pal. A little skeptic there. That's what all the the moon landing was fake people. Are you picking on art bell again? Yes. Well to hell with art bell.
Oh somebody just faxed me US Army War call it says Iraq war and necessary then we had that on two days ago. Yes we did. Thank you.
Had it on two days ago. Thank you very much. Here's Trisha loyalist news says I told you my first fax no matter what you do more Howard will never change he sent his ways you're right Trisha he's crap.
I'm just I apologize to myself not to anybody else and I have to answer to anybody. I apologize to myself for getting sucked in with that crap and everything could have been fine.
If he just would have left well enough alone I didn't agree to like be buddy buddy. I just agreed like well co-exist and everything is fine. He'll promote the show and will like be you know gentlemen.
But no comes in here yesterday for five and a minute. Just a grouchy. Just such a grouch. I'm trying to tell him life is too freaking short. Look yourself in a mirror and try to understand why everybody in this building and virtually everywhere you're hurt hates you like poison. That's what the bottom line is.
And he wasn't even in this morning I think God was punishing him for pulling off that crap on Tuesday which I'll start it with him saying a few you and few to ground you walk on that's what really started with and I said well back at you you know because I don't back away from anybody right to their push.
And but I should have just kept right on walking inside of the elevator and come upstairs here. But no you know and he's like instructing me sit down sit down like.
Yeah he's instructing me to sit down I don't take instructions from you anybody else around here okay including muff sitting in there with his two four six eight who do we appreciate well obviously not us.
Scumbag.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line we'll get this other pool build up here like crazy how many I think we'll have on her by 5,000 oh at least although one's going to win.
Not more.
No.
W.
Yeah.
Oh W.
Yeah.
Well you can't call the president an asshole can you only on this show I think.
In fact the Michael Paul set on the O'Rodger show you can for the next five minutes for until we do something about it.
Like right now the general.
We are supporting you 560.
UAM.
You dredged back in.
Oh.
That way high single such an asshole.
He held that bandage that greed.
He turned because he wouldn't take a shower with.
Agoberg.
Asshole.
Asshole.
Oh.
Each way high single such an asshole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abram.
What's that?
He's Mound Day Guns.
Asshole.
Asshole.
He's just like when the sexual action right away.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Fuck.
Oh.
Well we have this in particular.
from. John, you can and probably. Yeah. No, no, whatever do that. No. Just like our
good friend, the traffic guy, Dave Slater, remember when he was running for mayor? They
wouldn't even talk to him and he was trying to use the mopea. I mean, good guy, but try
to use me in this show to like pump up a non-existent candidacy. How many votes do you get?
I mean, just leave me alone already, will you? Stop trying to use me like, oh, they won't
leave me alone. Oh, well, mold me alone. You'd schmuck. Seriously, I don't, I'm not looking
for any confrontation with him. I'm sure he'll go ballistic on you. I don't care. I don't
give a crap what you say. It doesn't, it doesn't interest me. You are what you are. And
you just, you say you, you spoil the whole thing. Everything was fine. Come in here grumbling
and mumbling and ripping this one and that one. You don't like anybody. And maybe that's
why nobody likes you. Maybe that's the bottom line. If you don't like anybody, why don't
he'll should I like you? The only person you like is whoever you, whoever is ear you got
at the time. That's what it boils down to. See what I'm saying? So we got me to sit down
and that bench and like, butter, butter, butter, butter, butter, how about screw it? Screw
you. Philly pastor convicted of soliciting sex. I'll be God damn. Oh, see, can't say that
either. Better get them all in there next few months. I'll fill that out via pastor who
was condemned homosexuality and was known for using a bullhorn to preach at pastors by
colleges was convicted of soliciting sex from a teenager. All right. That's the best
news I've heard in years. Jurors deliberated for three and a half hours yesterday before
convicted the Reverend Craig Stephen White of criminal solicitation to commit involuntary
deviate sexual intercourse and related offenses to bed. He didn't hook up with screw in. White
40 who faces a minimum three year prison term on a most serious charge showed no reaction.
His mother wept and said, he's innocent. He's innocent. Defensive attorney Robert Donatoni
said he was disappointed but not surprised. This was a very difficult case for anybody
said Donatoni who suggested that the teenager was mistaken confused or just seeking attention.
The charges stem from a stop white maiden Westchester in June when he asked a 14 year old
boy for direction for erections. The boy said White also asked him about strip clubs
where Donatbrook or video stores later came back and offered him $20 to take part in sexual
activity. I'll be God damn. What have I always said about the finger porters? The fag
baters, faggots, closet people, every one of them. White denied making any sexual proposition.
He said he asked directions to a video store because he wanted to buy the movie Shrek
for his children. He was just looking for some Drek Ashrek. White is preached on campuses
against homosexuality and atheists using a bullhorn to rile up students about fornicators,
horrors and sodomites. He started a temple university campus group called Soldiers for
Christ, worked at a youth ministry in Gloucester County, New Jersey, began the Philadelphia
Gospel Outreach Center in North Philadelphia and was an outfit of a fixture on the University
of Pennsylvania campus that the chaplain's office held a panel discussion about his methods
in 1998. You know what his methods are? He gets on his knees and he opens up his mouth.
Now move it out of the next one. Mary Hanford, Mother of Senator Doldeyes, and I wrote
that we had to play one of those Bobby Dolde bits. We will. Play the good one. Which one
is that? Bum Hand. Robert Dolde, Bum Hand. Is that in there? Sure. Get out of here. That's
in there. Are you sure? Positive. Trust me. No, it's not. Robert Doldeus'
is in there. Maybe it's under Bob Doldeus' in there. Bob Doldeus for something. I'm sure
it's not in there. Oh, I know what it's called. What is it called? Come on George, it's
only a seven hour show. What is it called? By the way, Mad Dog's been kidnapped. He won't
be on today. Anybody believe it? So like I said, I don't know what it's called. But I know
it's in there. No, it's not. We played it off the disk and I don't think I think the
disk is in Toronto. Mine is at anyway. It's in my, it's in my DCS. It's in mine. And it's
called Robert Dolde's Bum Hand or something like that. What you look for while I read this.
Mary Hanford, a civic leader and mother of US Senator Elizabeth Dolde, has died. She was
102. Hanford, who lived the Sierra daughter-elect at North Carolina's first female Senator in
November, died late yesterday at Rwanda Regional Medical Center. She had an absolutely wonderful
life for the son, John Hanford, told these south. She was 102, Jesus. Wow. Dolde, who
married Kansas Senator Bob Dolde in the 70s, served as a cabinet secretary in the Reagan
and Bush administrations. She was Robert Dolde's Senator's mother, your mama. So there you
go. Let's see how about for the poll. It's just another way to subsidize his buddies
in corporate America. Take care of the aerospace buddies. Well, that's obvious. We know that.
Let's see. The following is a report by the Army War Colleges. Hey, David, David, let
me say it again. We had that on days ago. Days ago, thank you very much. But we had it on
days ago. The Army War Colleges think about the war in Iraq was totally bogus. We had it
on, but thanks for a pile. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless
Line. Jim Mandage and two unless he gets kidnapped. The Humper at Crystal Palace, unless he
gets suspended before 4 o'clock. Hurricane Hotline at Tony Rome is at 7. The big, 80 o'clock
tonight. Let's see. It dies. Any K at 10 unless he loses a cab money to get here and
you'll mark overnight. Unless somebody makes you an offer, he can't refuse. Boy, that
thing would jail Rose this morning. That was so, it was so sad. So sad, boo. Don't pick
on Bodo. He's too big. He's bigger than the Bodo's. Okay, let's change this poll. Let's
see. We got the adrift, right? Sure. Well, the other ones more fun. Something they can
stay their teeth in new. They don't like this crap. It's a little too pseudo intellectual.
Who the hell gives a crap about the moon and the Martians? What's your take on Bush's
space proposal which he unveiled yesterday? Breath-takingly or then we all knew about it?
237 votes. That's enough. I love it if he'll be the first to go 65. It's a wagged-dog
version 59. What do you expect from a space cadet? 41. How can we possibly afford it? 40. That's
the next one question, but don't confuse him with the facts. What's another 400-500 billion
when we already got the trillion dollar deficits? Got a great credit card. And I'm all
afforded. It's inspirational only 32. That same 13.5% stubborn. No matter what he says,
if he says going to backyard squat, take a big dump out there, then they'll be squatting
with or without their pantaloonies on. Now, wait to do the starter club. I better do the break.
What break? Hey, this sales department here, you're another bunch, man. It's a good thing I'm
here to kick some ass. This place is just coming a part of the scene and of course,
Clarence and Muff, they're why what are we going to do? What are we going to do? He's picking on us
again. What are we going to do? A couple of emotional cripples is what we got there.
I'm so whipped up. I mean, even talk about that thing on the air. Now, I won't.
Huh? You know what I'm talking about. We know something. The audience doesn't. I'm not going to
do that. I don't want to hit anybody upset. Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60, I guarantee you're upset
if you wake up in the morning and you feel like you haven't had any sleep at all. And the reason
probably is, unless you work here, the reason probably is because your mattress blows. It's headed.
It's worn out. And that means it's time to get you a great new mattress from Dollar
Mattress. Celebrate the new year in Comfort with a great new name brand mattress and
unbeatable price from Dollar Mattress. Call them right now. Dollar Mattress is proud of
added stirring. The bananas fostered their already unbeatable strong championship lineup.
Steerings and Foster is the finest mattress in the universe. And now you can sleep on one
tonight by calling 1-800-MATRUS. And of course, Dollar Mattress carries all the other top names
too, like tempered at King Coral, Seely, Sirt, Ascendants, they got them all. Choose from dozens and
dozens of models that low-everyday discount prices or as Wayne would say they got chickens of models.
Only Dollar Mattress lets you choose a two-hour delivery with that meets your schedule.
Any day, seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night. In other words, when you're
going to be home, you want them to like between one and three this afternoon, they'll be there.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal, it's a picnic to see. My
Dollar Mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. So do the smart thing,
like just about everybody at QM is doing now, even some folks who aren't all that smart.
Call them toll free at 1-800-MATRUS. 1-800-MATRUS or online, check them out at matpress.com.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
Now we don't congress.
We run the show.
We're getting once.
We just say no.
Good-bye-well, Pat.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We're all doormay.
We have a contract with America.
We're all doormay.
Let's live for New Home.
2014 and 560, WDQAM.
So what have we got out of the poll so far?
If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary,
who's picked you?
Well, you see next to it.
Matt Dodge, George W. Bush, Neil Rogers, George Rodriguez,
Mohaward Davidine, Wayne Heisenga, and Ralph Naider.
The reasonators on air somebody faxed and I'd like to nominate this is from Tucker, Chronic Tucker, Mother Tucker.
nominate Ralph, a native for your asshole, Paul, if he wasn't a selfish asshole, they could get in, he could be what?
How could he in good conscience split the vote and enable Bush to win the election? Excellent point Tucker. Put on at Boat High Street.
5, 6, 7, 0, Fought Now, let's see, I put that thing on it, it's already up. I voted for Matt Drudge and here's one of the many reasons why.
Column by Michelangelo Cinearilly, another arrest queen but least he's out.
Can you imagine the owners of the New York Times or the Los Angeles Times or Cleveland's plain dealer pining out loud for the mass extinction of an entire group of people?
Let's say the envisioning incineration of all gays claiming it was God's plan and had words posted on the web.
At the very least, sensations stalker Matt Drudge would like to comment immediately, rightly whipping it into a major story.
His zeal for a fomenting scandals involving liberals would certainly overpower his obsessive fear that people might think he's gay just for defending gays.
As if the rest of the world still doesn't know he's gay, even after David Brock's fume buddies, revelations and Jeanette Wall's interviews with his former boyfriends.
Drudge's openly gay compatriot Andrew Sullivan would no doubt take up the cause as well, attacking those nasty homophoblishers on the left, reeling on his website about what hypocrites liberals are.
But if the paper in question is an influential conservative daily one that pumps up both of these right wing gasp bags regularly and one that publishes Sullivan's work, then the rantings and ravings of its demagogic owner don't seem to matter.
There will be a purge on God's orders and evil will be eliminated like shadows, the Unification Church leader Reverend Sung Young Moon, the owner and primary funder of money losing right wing Washington Times, said last week.
The comments were posted online by Reverend Moon's webmaster and picked up by my blogger John Cornfield.
Gays will be eliminated, the three israel's will unite, if not then they will be burned. We don't know what kind of world God will bring but this is what happens. It'll be greater than the communist purge but all of God's orders.
This isn't the first time this madman who owns UPI as well has started against gays and others. You may remember these ditties from the moody and chief which I've reported last year.
America is the kingdom of extreme individualism, the kingdom of free sex, the country that represents Satan's harvest is America.
Homosexual and those who go after free sex are less than animals. If you misuse your love organ, you destroy your life, your nation, your world.
If you stay away from having children, you cannot enter the kingdom of God, you're bound to go somewhere else you can call it hell.
These die tribes haven't stopped Washington's conservatives from getting in bed with Moon, whose goal is to create a global theocracy, al-Amuslim fundamentalist, and elevating his and his paper stature and return for a cold hard cash for themselves and for their movement.
George Herbert Walker Bush took a hundred grand from him in 1996 for a speaking engagement, praising the Washington Times as a paper that in my view brings sanity to Washington DC.
After Bush called Moon, the man with vision, the Reverend gave him a million dollars for his presidential library.
Contrary to the claims of the paper's defenders on the right, a former editor reported recently that Moon has much more involvement in the paper than he and his impoligenously lead people to believe.
Last June, Moon, who believes he's the Messiah, launched a special media training for church leaders with a time staff.
The paper's editorial page editor, former Newt Gingrichade Tony Blankley, a man who tries to come off as a sane and reasonable, stuncely conservative individual, even though he works for a crack-puck cultist, is all over the talk show circuit, an example of how much influence in the Washington Times has beyond its relatively small circulation.
On C-SPANL, last week, Blankley referred to Wall Street Journal as having the nation's other influential conservative newspaper editorial page, clearly noting how seriously his paper is taken in the corridors of power.
It's lazy enough that a conservative would work for Moon and ignore his dark and courageous agenda, but how on earth could a gay writer take a check from a man who can't wait to see him thrown into an oven?
Andrew Sullivan has reveled in his own idiotic claim that after 9-11 certain liberals, because they didn't agree with George W. Bush's policies, represented a fifth column supporting Osama Bin Laden.
Meanwhile, here he is on the payroll of a guy who'd like to see the mass extinction of his own people, Sullivan likes to think of himself as a gay rights activist that's actually how the New York magazine described him recently, but he only seems to activate when the targets are liberals.
Bill Clinton gets the Sullivan hatch of treatment for assigning the Defense of Marriage Act, while the grossly homophobic unification churches leader gets a weekly column from him and return for a few bucks to keep Sullivan's increasingly lackluster and predictable web page of float.
Equally duplicitous is the sexually circumspect drudge, who draws credibility from the Washington Times numerous references and vice versa.
He spent a better part last week trying to frame liberals as belittling the Nazis in the Holocaust, for days he stoked a bogus story pushed by the Republican National Committee and the Wall Street Journal that claimed that the group move on.org had created TV ads comparing Bush to Hitler.
When the ads were gone from the group's website, the right winners claimed they had scored another victory as when they got cowardly CBS to ban the Reagans.
In fact, the ads were not sponsored by move on.org, but were entries in a contest the group sponsored Bush in 30 seconds in which participants created ads illustrating the Bush administration's dismal failures.
More than 1,500 entries came in including two ads comparing Bush to Hitler and all were available on the site for viewing.
Neither of the overwrought tasteless Hitler ads did well with the members who voted and neither creators progressed as finalists in the contest.
Celebrity judges chose a winner from the finalists and that's why they and hundreds of others that didn't make the cut were no longer available on the site, not because of any sort of pressure campaign.
Drudge and company were nonetheless successful in spitting their lies into the mainstream press with the lazy Judy Woodruff and others at CNN only tooling to report the RNC's talking points as objective news.
Funny how Drudge blew up a fake story and expressed outrage about Bush being compared to a genocidal dictator, but then didn't fight it newsworthy to link the comments of a powerful newspaper owner, cult leader and Bush family pal, who's actually calling for genocide of Drudge's own kind no less.
Maybe Moon had told Drudge and Sullivan that they'll be spared on judgment day or maybe they just don't give a shmit about anybody but themselves.
What a great column by Michael senior really. He don't pull any punches that queen.
So there you go. That's why I voted for Miss Fudge on our ass hold poll.
Look at that. You're right. I think he's off to the races already.
If you got 35 quick votes on that poll, if you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, who's picture will you see next to it?
George W. Bush 19 Wayne, Heisinga 5, Miss Drudge 3, Neo Rogers 2, Drudge Rodriguez 2, Mohawar David and 2 and Ralph Nader 2.
And now we need a lot more names for that poll. Don't let me forget that couple of pages from this book.
Very disappointing. I don't want the van guy to feel bad because I really appreciate his buying a book.
But after all the big hype, you know, well, just think how bad you would have felt if you'd paid for it.
Oh, like I said, thanks again a lot. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and 10 Verizon wireless line.
Joe Rose is being held captive by the moonies. That's why he was known today and won't be on again tomorrow.
W.A.M. Hello.
Sorry, what's like a meal? Yes, sir speaking.
Neil. Yes. How you doing?
Okay.
Doesn't sound like Neil.
Well, I'll do my best to try to.
Oh, there you go. Yeah.
Now you sound like you.
Okay. All right. I want to give your opinion on this new bush in insanity once it's spent a billion dollars to promote heterosexual marriage.
Yeah, we got an article on our website about that today.
It's any like I was hoping you okay. I was hoping to get your opinion because I'd love hearing your opinion about things like this.
Well, I mean, what is there to say the whole full thing is so ridiculous and it's just another waste of money.
Another one of these the great moralizers are going to tell us how to live and what to do.
We have a very lengthy article on that on our website today.
Oh, I was listening to, I don't know, I think it's NPR yesterday night and they had some sort of it was really boring.
This county meeting whether discussing all of our debts that we need to work on and all the projects that we have to work on for schools.
And there's a billion dollars that we need to spend on a project to get our schools fixed.
Right. Why not spend the billion to actually get those projects done? Why?
No, no, that's not what God wants the bush-mice did a do-man.
It's just amazing.
So I just wanted to get your comment.
There you go. What's to say? Why should it surprise anybody?
When we got his brother, the governor here, who's got his religious jail up there when he's got the Jesus is going to bring, we have all those prisoners. What do you expect?
Well, go heterosexual marriage.
Okay. Go bush.
Go bush. Go bush. Grab that bush.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, good morning, yeah.
Yes, sir.
You got to put there the phony junky, a rush limbaugh for sure.
Okay.
Listen, you know about the, of course, the, the freeze in the Northeast.
Yeah.
The CBS news, they had people in the street, you know, they were saying, I'm dying, I'm so calling.
And they asked Lieberman, he said, his repression.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
The impression of what?
I don't know the cold weather in the new, in the new England was refreshed.
Well, if you let the Orthodox Jews handle it, they'll warm it up.
Of course, it's got a little thing on the head.
They'll cover it up with the tallest.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, me got, I asked the K, I'll read it out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, you know, it's nobody's even talking about Lieberman.
No, he got no, he got no chance.
If we never had any chance.
Yeah, that little horse race thing.
He has to, he got a Chinaman's chance.
Carol mostly brown.
He pulled out today indoors tower dean.
And let me say it again, Howard Dean, just when we thought he was slipping a little bit.
And maybe disappointing quite a bit there in some of those debates.
Last night, great campaign speech.
And I was on C-SPAN.
I watched the entire thing.
He kicked some serious ass.
He had Rob, a rider there in the background.
He had Tom Harkin.
And he had, what's his name?
Martin Sheen.
Excellent.
Martin Sheen, the make-believe president, was in the background.
Who looks a little old.
Old, well, how?
What happened?
Good, nothing.
What happened?
What happened?
I guess he just turned only 95.
He answered.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M on line one.
It's working today.
And you're still on there, but it never, almost never happens.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, can I talk to you?
Speaking.
That?
Speaking.
Is it Neil?
Yes, sir.
Okay, now I don't have time to waste with you idiots.
Okay, don't know how to make a phone call.
I haven't spent three seconds.
Is it Neil?
Yeah, oh, no, it's not Neil.
Okay, oh, it's not Neil.
How many, how many, uh, Zidian, how many hours have we wasted?
About 30 minutes.
We had crap on this show just in the last few weeks.
If somebody had done this.
Just say something.
Okay, if somebody is honoring and dignifying you enough to even answer the phone,
just speak your piece, baby, while you still can before they outlaw these conversations.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Taka.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yes, Neil Rogers.
Speaking, yes.
Neil.
Yes.
I was wondering if you happened to see John Stewart show last night.
I don't watch John Stewart show ever.
Uh, yeah, I tell you what, he did a pretty good job last night.
What was funny is to hear rum stelt backpedaling and trying to talk about how Bush had no plans to go into Iraq and everything and how he admired Bush's brain and everything was joking itself.
Yeah.
And it was just very funny to hear when somebody's backpedaling as Bush is always doing or rum stelt trying to stick up for the full.
Uh, what a liar sounds like when they're trying to make up things kind of as they go along.
They don't sound so articulated when they're, when they're backpedaling like that.
I just wanted to say thank you for-
Well, if the media would put their feet to the fire, you know, for once, but they just won't do it.
In fact, Porta Kennedy was on her this morning and the only way he even got his points across, he just kept talking.
He wouldn't show up, which was great.
I think you're doing a fantastic job and keep educating these people what's really going on in this country and hopefully we'll get it right in this election and get this guy out of here.
Vote early off, and man.
You bet.
See ya.
Thank you.
Welcome.
5670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
If you look up the word, Asshole in the dictionary, who is the picture will you see next to it?
32 votes for George W. Bush.
He's an Asshole.
George Rodriguez 9. He's an Asshole.
Wayne Heizinga 8. He's an Asshole.
Neil Rogers 5. I'm an Asshole.
Matt Drudge 4. He's got a big Asshole.
Mohawar David had 4.
Wow.
And the Ralph Nader 4.
Out of the first 66 votes.
Uh-oh, 66. You know what comes after that?
No, 67.
WQ-W-W-Q-I-M. Hello.
And Neil.
Yes, sir.
Who on that vote yesterday with the best character?
Archie Bunker, 1x2 over Homo Simpson.
I can't believe nobody said Ralph Cramden.
He would have won a battle.
He was on there. He didn't win by a landslide at a few.
Oh, you kidding me.
We don't mess around, man. We get them all on there.
Anyway, ain't closing? Bush is God.
Yeah, okay, great.
56705, you see, everybody, but it fits right in with the rest of his comments.
It fits right in. Bush is God.
Praise Bush like Jesus.
Get on your knees, praise boy.
You know, when he talks in his meeting about how disengaged in his book rather about how disengaged Bush wasn't on all his cabinet meetings,
and about how he was just worried about the cheeseburgers,
you could have this guy.
You could have the videotape of it with a Bush's God.
Sir, you're an idiot. You're just your pathetic.
There's nothing anybody's going to say to you to convince you the truth.
Always people that are human sacrifices.
This man is a butcher.
Yeah.
And like I said before, he was bitching about the butcher a bag then.
We got the butcher of Washington is your president who stole the election right in front of your eyes.
Right in broad daylight, right in front of your pus.
Stole it.
And now it's like a joke.
Yeah, big joke.
It might have been a little bit of a joke had he not been quite so malignant.
Right?
If he catch my draft.
If he'd only been maybe getting blow jobs.
In fact, I mean, what would you rather have?
That's a good pull.
What would you rather have a president get in a few blow jobs and maybe a stain on some bitches blue dress or maybe a killer whole bunch of people
and making up lies to the American public.
So he and his neocons can fight the war and get that oil.
That's bad violence.
Good.
How about if you have some oil on your dress?
Oh, and I remember that young punk that called me several months ago like back at about April or May.
Back in the early days just about when that the big rack attack was going on and wrapping all up so we were told.
And saying, thank you, Mr. President, for the cheap gas prices.
Right.
He was just rubbing his legs together.
I think, oh, this is going to be great.
Well, I've all had a raki oil.
Gas is going to be like 20 cents a gallon.
Uh-huh.
They're saying now this summer maybe three bucks a gallon a.
Oh, thank you, Mr. President, for those expensive gas prices.
Thanks for another good gas.
Speaking of gas, this would you get from some of those supplement drinks?
Oh, man.
Some of them are chalky.
They taste awful.
But Interest Diabetic is a truly delicious meal replacement drink that happens to be great.
It's made for people with diabetes, but anybody who's like trying to restrict their sugar intake can drink it and enjoy it.
Interest Diabetic is sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar, so you have no nasty aftertaste like you would aspartame in saccharine.
I think Duff wrote that fact that we got yesterday about the Rush Limbaugh and all that stuff.
Recommended by doctors for people who can't sacrifice some proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry.
You're going to love Interest Diabetic.
It's completely balanced nutritional supplement that gives you all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life.
Plus, fiber and antioxidants, yet it's low in saturated fat cholesterol too.
Interest Diabetic is also gluten-free and lactose-free, and 8-ounce CAN provides you with 237 calories of easily digested nutrition.
You try Interest Diabetic once.
You'll never go back to that other garbage you were drinking before.
You can pick it up all over town now.
More and more people are gravitate.
Gravitate, publics, Walgreens, records, Navarro, Sedano, CVS, other local pharmacies, and the makers of this product are so sure you're going to love Interest Diabetic.
They're given away free, full-size samples in vanilla or chocolate to anybody who calls their toll-free number.
1-866-368-3739 or faster yet order for yourself on the web at www.interestdiabetic.com.
Just click on for free samples.
Be sure to mention the EO tourney to call because you'll get an additional special gift as well.
Here's that toll-free number. Try it. You'll like it. 1-866-368-3739.
Why, in local, your sports video 560? You ain't, you ain't, you ain't.
Behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They were a Danish band who broke fun at one of America's cultural icons.
Hey, who said the f***, Danish ever write to do that? They were Aqua.
Oh, yeah, I didn't love you.
See, many newsroom who played Barbie in the band's famous video spoke to a student interpreter.
Yes, even though you only know us for Barbie Girl, we were quite popular at home.
We weren't one a Danish Grammy.
Well, a Danish Grammy. When it was that award ceremony was like...
And Dinviner is Aqua.
Thank you!
But winning the right mass foreign awards is not all Aqua is known for.
They were also sued by American toy maker Mattel, who owns the Barbie trademark.
Mattel spoke to us for a student interpreter.
Okay, he's saying those...
How? In there they...
Things up with those...
Barbie is ours.
You Aqua.
But Mattel lost the case.
A victory for Aqua.
They spoke to us through an interpreter.
Nya, nya, nya, nya.
I believe that. Nya, nya, nya, nya.
Aqua.
That was wacky Danish.
Did they even know we named a breakfast food after them?
It's a big, juicy, shopping-let-look at show business.
Tonight, an inside of behind.
1134-560-WQM, the mad dog,
a two-ed-a-humper from the...
Mourizzi and the Bahamas, that Crystal Palanced had four.
A bush plans $1.5 billion drive for promotion of marriage.
It's on our website.
Administration officials say they're planning an extensive election year initiative to promote marriage...
That's heterosexual marriage, of course.
Especially among low-income couples, and they're weighing with the President Bush who promote the plan next week...
And instead of the union address...
For months, Administration officials have worked with conservative groups on the proposal...
Conservative groups, which would provide at least $1.5 billion...
Here comes the bunny and air goes your money...
For training to help couples develop interpersonal skills that sustain healthy marriages...
It's a damn good thing that the Greeks and Romans didn't have those.
The officials said they believed the measure was especially timely...
Because they were facing pressure from conservatives...
Eager to see the federal government defend traditional marriage after the decision...
By the high-scored and massachusetts that ruled in November that gay couples had a right to marry...
Under that state's constitution.
This is a way for the President to address the concerns of conservatives...
And to solidify his conservative fascist right-wing base...
A presidential adviser said all those getchkeys.
Several conservative Christian and his groups are pressing Mr. Bush to go further...
And use this state of the union address to champion a constitutional amendment prohibiting same-sex marriage...
Leaders of these groups said they were confused by what they saw as the administration's hedging...
And hesitation concerning an amendment.
By the way, I think we screwed it up because I said the wrong address...
And never got the Eric...
A couple of days ago the story about Dick Cheney says he would support a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage...
Even though his daughter of her course is a well-known dyke...
How do you like that?
There's Jeff Cohen in here sucking around for more free-of-plugs.
And no ponytail?
Yeah, he dumped the ponytail a long time ago.
Would you get with it?
No, I'm not a touch.
He still looks like the same to me.
I tried to tell you, man. You won't listen to me.
I tried to tell you people. I got to get out of this town.
I can't stand it.
All these people, but he'd better go, but nobody will listen to you.
It's not just me. Nobody will listen to anybody who makes sense.
Am I right?
Yeah.
I tried to tell him I live right out there, man. I told you, don't do it. Don't...
No, but with your help under it and then try to lay it off on me, you know.
Blow it out your ass, Jeff.
So anyway, there's the story about pushing is another billion and a half,
billion and a half here, four or five hundred billion for going to the Mars in a moon.
The sky's the limit.
Just like how we're Dean is saying, yeah, this...
Beyond the sky.
I thought they were in the sky. Pluto's the limit to the end of Uranus.
On a credit card for all your grandchildren and great-grandchildren,
they're going to be paying for all of this debt for a zillion years to come.
Or like Wayne would say, a trillion years.
Here you go. This is good.
You got any tickets for that Playoff consolation game
between the Browns and dolphins? All you want, man.
You can have your own section.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We put Rush Limbaugh in there, but I don't think you sent it to Eric, who's not listening.
Let me make sure.
Well, I don't... I mean, I don't want to like go through this again with him today,
because he's whining and complaining.
Moooooooh, you know, again. He's acting up again.
And we're trying to get Josh a courteous to take all of this off his hands.
In fact, maybe Josh could just take over the whole website.
I mean, Eric's been doing a fabulous job, but you know, enough is enough already.
It's one thing to have a labor of love. It's another thing to like, you know, get over burden with it.
Right? I mean, love is great, but too much love is not just ask her, and she'll tell you.
It becomes a pain in the ass.
Especially that skippy, she said, man, oh man, she said you wouldn't believe that thing.
If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, in fact, we ought to put Jeff Cohen on there.
He's an asshole. He wouldn't listen to me.
God, greedy. What happens to people when they get greedy? They get burned.
They get burned. All... look at his fingers, man. Look at all the singe.
Or maybe that's just that we could weed.
All that crap on the end of his fingers. What have you been smoking, Jeff?
Anything good? Bring us some here.
Paul Maul.
Paul Maul's unfiltered.
He's been smoking Paul in the mall. That's what I heard.
Anyway, George W. Bush is an asshole. Say 63.
If you look up the word, his picture will be next to it.
Oh, what ever happened to that great George Washington Bush thing we had?
It's that.
It was on our website. You emailed it to me in Toronto a few days ago.
Yeah.
Did you ever send it to Eric? I sent it to both of you.
I don't think it did ever make it on our website.
I don't know.
I don't know. I see again. See, there's just too much stuff for him to do.
And he's got so much food to eat.
Wayne Heising is at a distance second place with 15.
The battle appears to be for second place. It's a place photo.
George Rodriguez 13. Neil Rogers 9. I'm an asshole.
I sure am for it. And look at that. Mojaro David 9.
I think there's something symbolic there.
Matt Rudge 9. She's an asshole and Ralph Nader 7 out of 125 votes.
Long way to go.
And we'll take many, many more suggestions for this poll.
How about Rush? We're going to get him on there?
I sent the.
He'll be on there and he'll move up fast.
I know. That's when we give a handicap.
In fact, I think this would be good. We've had some other ones where nobody could touch Rush.
I think the W and Rush will be in a neck and neck nose to nose right wing battle.
Right off the right hand side of it. And Miss Fudge ought to be up there too, man.
What a marriage made in purgatory. That's self-aiding faggot.
Hope you're listening this morning, Matt. Matt.
Time to get out of bed, Matt. Time to wash that thing off.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Good morning. You know that's caller who said Bush's God.
Yeah.
Well, it's no surprise why he liked Ralph Cram that they both want to send somebody to the moon.
They both want?
Both want to send somebody to the moon.
Right. That's right.
Hey, can I ask George a question?
Sure. Go ahead.
George, when you lived in Calispell, were you a drinking age?
I didn't live in Calispell. I lived in Libby and yes.
Uh, you ever go to Calispell?
Sure. All the time. To McDonald's.
I would have dropped to McDonald's and played video games and then drive home.
That's what I do when I'm in a mood for Mickey D's. I go to two egg.
Give her a bit of moose of saloon.
All the time.
Great. All the time. Been there.
Great place. That's all.
Let me cut Lady Calispell.
I bet he didn't know Rush the moose here or Q's though.
Have a great day, pal. I can get out of here. Kill me.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
I feel so much better now that I like unloaded that most stuff, you know.
That baggage unloaded some most stuff.
I loaded some most stuff this morning. Right in the bowl.
It smelled just like moe.
No, that's just I'm not playing that game.
And I admit that it's weak.
Sometimes I'm a weakling because generally speaking, I'm a pretty nice guy.
I don't like being hostile with people, but he's just an asshole, man.
He's just impossible.
And he'll go on there. Well, I thought I just I knew this was going to happen.
And he's a sort of a bitch. I don't care what you say.
Okay.
Because in this building, it's unanimous.
It's like the end of the woman says, oh, the whole army is not a step except my son.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
The whole world can't possibly be out of step and you're the one that's in line.
Go stepping along.
56670 look at those phones flashing frantically here on screenless 2004.
We're of course, we got to do the breaks.
You just, you know, wait, cool your heels. We'll get to.
We got to fit all these spots in.
Yeah, oh, yeah. Nice job by the sales department.
You know, if the sales department was spending much time selling spots as grand as on her back back there in the other room,
we'd really have something on the log here.
She said she had a log this morning.
Yes, keep you steady. He wrote his name on it.
20 till noon at 560 WQ a.m.
Let me tell you if your car is like, you know, of tourists as they say in Ethiopia.
What do they call it?
Ethiopian.
Oh, EF turned out to repairs the place you have to take.
You don't have to go all the way to Mesopotamia.
There are at 50 83 North Federal Highway just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in Pomato Beach.
And EF turned out to repair experience.
The difference that experience makes all the F mechanics are ASC certified technicians.
They've got up to date with all latest technology and most have been with the EF team for nearly 20 years.
In fact, the EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience.
No job is too big or too small for EF from a blown fuse to a blown engine.
From a 73 Toyota to a 104 Bentley, EF turned out to repair does it all.
All jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop format.
Every car is cleaned upon completion to work.
EF honors most extended warranties offer wide-awaited service.
I most you repair is two. You can't beat them.
At EF turned out to repair, they treat you great.
There are at 50 83 North Federal Highway in Pomato Beach.
Ask about their 90-day same as cash and winter's credit card when you call them at 954-426-9926.
Be sure to tell them that perverted old Neil sent you by because they'll be real happy with a big smile on their push if you mentioned my name at EF Turn Out of Repair.
Nationally recognizes one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the entire U.S. of A people you can trust.
At EF their motto is, nobody cares more and nobody know where will work harder to earn your business.
My life and local, this is 42560.
And to the beautiful Eiffel, that's way with the wingle when he won.
Auto-loving, aeratron, really not sweet of my feet.
That's the night at the quid, it's night back, and it makes a look so sweet.
What is love? It's death, growing in its ponytail.
Yeah, the Q and S, that's way with the wingle when he won.
Ways with the wingle with the wingle when he won.
Ways with the wingle when he won.
Okay, 14 to 11 and 560 WQM.
Here's my close personal friend, Jeff Cohen.
Just grab a hold of that thing and yank it a little bit. You should be used to that.
Neil, nice to have you back.
Wow.
After all this time, don't you think we can get a real microphone in here?
I know that we'll start up again. We just got the computer on the way.
But that thing is such a piece of crap. That's the one he actually stuck here for a while, right?
They're real tinny piece of crap.
Yeah, it sound like a pansy.
No, seriously, it's real tinny.
But it's shiny.
It looks good. If it sounded as good as it looked, you sound like water crunch-
or a crunchite.
Well, can't you use all those buttons and give me some balls?
No.
Use the ball button.
You're giving some balls.
No, we could actually Jeff Cohen of the pizza loft in Davy.
Davy, university drive for the one and only.
Between 595 and Griffin Road, where things are still going strong.
And that's all that needs to be said about that.
And you were just telling me, because I was watching.
They just had another piece on CNN about the low carb thing.
Right. Yeah, we're working on that.
It's just amazing though.
After my good buddy Dr. Bobby Atkins had that bad slip and fall and croaked.
And now all of a sudden, man, it's like it's everywhere.
You go to the bathroom and there's a thing on your toilet.
It says, oh, low carb dump only.
Well, what it was is everybody's found a way to make money on it.
So now everybody's on the ban line.
Right.
And the beginning was him in his book.
Plus it's better for you.
And they finally said, but you know what?
This won't kill you.
Yeah, but even when it was better for you when people couldn't make money at it.
Right. And here about nobody cared.
Right. Exactly.
Now that subway can exploit it.
And now that you can, I mean,
so Jeff's going to put a low carb menu on along with this other pasta and murder of stuff
which is going to have like whole wheat pastes and wheat.
What about wheat? What about wheat?
What about wheat?
Well, everything we're going to have a separate dish.
Like you could get chicken parmesan with no breading.
Are you going to use low carb sauces?
I'm checking what the host sailor's on that.
But even the sauce that we use doesn't have hardly any carb in it.
Please listen to me.
Yes.
You know my good friends have delights up there in Bokin?
Yes.
You ought to get in touch with them.
Or your good buddy's skipping.
I think that I don't know who's a guy.
I know the delights guys because they used to be in a different spot where I used to guys.
Anyway, get in touch with them.
And they have sauces that are very low in carb that are out of this world.
Really?
That's probably the best product they have in their store.
Those pasta sauces.
And they're just fabulous.
And if you could use that, you could even the regular sauce we have has very little carb.
It's tomatoes.
Okay.
We don't add a bunch of stuff.
We don't add a bunch of carb.
It's a carbohydrate, baby.
Show you what I know.
There's nothing.
Right.
Well, I already found that out in the last year.
So what does this start?
The low carb menu.
It brings a lot of them, Davey.
Next week.
I don't know that it'll be printed next week.
But we're already telling people that if they want something that they don't see on the menu,
whether it's no carb or anything else as long as it's in our kitchen, we'll do it.
And I don't like Rimmerie there.
He was there yesterday.
Oh, I see.
There you go.
Called me last night.
What a good word.
Chris.
I'll buy.
No, I'm not going to any dinners.
I'm not going to your place either.
I can't eat.
I'm fat.
Since I got back here, I became very mad.
We'll make the low carb today.
Or you could bring your shake.
We'll mix it for you.
Yeah, shake this.
I'll bring the shake of Irruby.
No, Rimmerie is very nice.
I'm taking my kids to the hockey game on Monday night.
He's got me good.
He's feeding him for free.
I'm never going to speak to him.
Don't feed him for free.
He pays his bills.
He just happens to be a very nice guy.
He really is.
Not to mention I had never heard him.
He pays for his meals as he does.
Yes, he does.
Yes, he does.
50%.
No.
100%.
Not 100%.
It just depends.
Sometimes I discount him.
I want to know.
He doesn't come for that.
I want to know right here right now.
What percent discount you're giving him for coming in today?
Just because he knows me.
If he comes and I'm not there, he pays regular price like anybody else.
Right.
If I'm there, he sits in the parking lot with Slyse.
No, I know.
That's right.
If I'm there, then I'll do something for him.
He says, I know what kind of car Jeff drives.
I sit out there.
He says, I'm reading my hockey news.
I'm preparing for the next broadcast.
As soon as I see him whipping a lot, I rush right, hey Jeff, how you doing?
That's okay.
Where's the ponytail?
If he does that, then I have no problem.
He hasn't had any problems.
But he doesn't yet.
When I'm there, I just take care of him sometimes.
Whether we're talking about sex, I'm talking about what he's doing.
If he pays.
If I'm there, I comp him 50%.
If appetize, there's nothing special.
Nothing that he can't afford to pay for.
Right.
Well, he can afford to pay.
He's there for the good food and service.
No, he's there for a tissue.
He's there for a feed meal and to suck on it.
We have a good time.
We have some great conversations.
Can you feed me for free?
No, he doesn't.
If I can tell you how many times he's billy-yaked to me about the fact that he resents,
haven't even paid anything there.
No, he doesn't.
The hell he did.
I don't believe that.
My hand, the Francis Ford.
The Francis O'Hare.
The Madeline Marie O'Hare.
I have no point, comp.
He's really anxious for you to put him on a freebie list.
You know what?
He really doesn't do it.
He really doesn't do it.
And let that check.
Other regular paid.
I charge him double.
Okay.
I would.
Just out of general principle.
Just based on all the money he helped me lose.
I'm sure he doesn't tell you about that, doesn't he?
That was a few years ago.
So I heard about it back then.
Yeah.
Being at my memory isn't that good.
I don't remember the details.
I'm here to remind you about it, all right?
Right.
But I'm taking my kids to their first hockey game one day night.
Gonna be very excited.
No, he probably got you some tickets.
Well, there you go.
I'm good seats.
So I'm ready.
You want tickets, sir?
I'm kind of a ticket.
So we got tickets up the ass because they just make up the attendance figures here.
Uh-huh.
Big Game Saturday by the way, folks.
Tampa Bay.
That's a four point game.
The lightning or a seven point set of the Panthers in the standings in the division.
And it's a four point swing, either nine or five.
Big Game.
I'm dying to get good seats for the rods.
Stiller comes.
Bad news is Nathan Horton's out for the season almost surely.
So if anyone wants to like trade a lot of Italian food,
he's a hockey player.
Come to the piece of loft and eat.
Uh-huh.
Actually, we feed a lot of them at Rimmer's house because he has get together.
What?
Over there.
Where they go to where they go to his house.
And we've done some catering.
We feed a lot of them at Rimmer's house.
Right.
And who pays for that?
He does.
We invite them over.
He has like a couple of trays of food or whatever.
Or orders six or eight or ten minutes.
Rimmer is feeding the Panthers hockey players.
Not all of them.
He's got somebody's friends with.
Like who?
I don't know.
I'm not, you know, I'm not.
Yeah.
That's not even though Rimmer was till he introduced himself out of that nice guy.
That's the point.
But I'm starting this Monday.
I'm going to be a hot guy.
He's so many of these neo-wantabies now.
Just like Fat Rich.
He goes to Joe Rose.
He eats free breakfast with Joe Rose.
He goes, she moves his, with this one, where he goes to the track when I'm at.
Which I don't mind.
He's a good guy.
But it's just, I've got all these appendages, man, who like their whole life is based on knowing me.
There's worse things that could happen to you.
Like what?
No.
And Greg Reed.
By the way, put Greg Reed on the list, Eric.
Because, man, if anybody is an asshole right there, a guy, this man has decimated this place.
There was such chaos and such, uh, bull and Joe Rose is not, uh, suspended by the way.
Did you hear that crap this morning?
No, nothing.
Good.
Oh, you weren't sleeping.
You were sleeping.
I woke up 45 minutes ago.
You, you look like it.
Yeah.
I'm trying to.
I'm trying to.
I'm not.
Why was I worse night?
Worked late.
I'm late for a Jeff Cohen lifestyle.
I'm not.
Worked late.
I'll be as red-out Goldstein got him late.
You know, he lost 110 pounds?
Yeah, that stomach surgery.
He lost about 30.
He looked like a human being.
He lost about $10 million to it.
Yeah.
He also got married in Las Vegas at that adult porno thing last week.
And last week, how long did that last?
There's so many.
Really?
Nice girl.
Brittany?
You know, I got married at the little.
I got married at the little.
White wedding, chapel once, about 20 years ago.
Yeah.
Same lady.
Same lady that does the wedding.
The same lady that married Al Goldstein?
No, that married Brittany.
That was fun.
It was funny watching that on TV.
Great.
Well, I see.
You know how you're talking about the management here and all that stuff.
Yeah.
It's just amazing.
Absolutely.
You know, the mother of my kids went to get a car at Fairbank.
That's why.
It's interesting the way you said that.
The way you say that.
Why can't you say it anymore?
Well, because it's an ex-wife, it sounds like you don't care anymore.
But when they're the mother of your children, you always care because it's important because you want to take care of them.
But I was, I've been curious.
She went into Lisa Newquare and turned in a lease and she ended up having two cars when she walked out.
And I can't understand how that happened.
Before Jeff Lee's really given Scott Peters' phone number.
I have it on speed, Don.
Oh, good.
So, you know, I call over there.
Yeah, because I have no idea.
Or Bobby Blake.
He's there a lot of time.
Yeah.
I have no idea how it could happen.
So I call the general manager, Pete Grinnell.
Six times, leave messages, just trying to get a return call because I'm sure there's got to be a logical explanation.
I mean, the days of rip off automobiles deal supposedly are over with all the consumer groups watching over it.
So I know there's something that happened that someone could explain, but I can't even get a return call.
Look at this.
It's unbelievable.
This is amazing.
And I don't know what it is.
They're selling TV, NeoRodges, PrimeTime, Channel 60, down in cable.
Somebody sent me this from E-bay.
Is it a poster?
Is it a, what is it?
How much they give you?
They're selling for two bucks.
How much is shipping?
I don't know.
I don't even know what it is.
They're selling.
Is it a card?
Is it a unused max rack card, continental size minimum wear selling condition?
It's just a card, like a baseball card.
And already, six bucks.
I'll have bit of a man.
Well, there you go.
Can you believe that?
No.
That's the kind of rack that we ought to have.
So many of bunch of crap on the internet.
Tony, right now, that's where it's at.
So, have you ever not opening up a low-carb restaurant right now?
There you go.
Now, you have no interest in the restaurant business.
We talked about that 15 years ago.
What do you mean by that?
Well, we talked about partners and all that stuff.
Yeah, you have nothing to do with the restaurant business.
No.
And I don't blame you.
Tough business.
I like this business better, especially when I'm not in town.
Somebody nominated Bob Greesey for the poll.
They said in 30 years, how many?
Bob third man.
Never met anyone who didn't think he was an asshole.
Apparently, the definition of what?
Bob Greesey's.
And of course, Brian, he's following a daddy's footsteps.
I wouldn't say Bob.
Well, everybody, I know what Tendon is an asshole.
But in the year I worked with him on Channel 33 doing you on baseball?
He was odd.
Let's put it that way.
Very distant, very peculiar, not especially friendly.
And his son, who I used to come in, he was 10 years old at the time,
come in and hang out in the broadcast booth.
His son turned out to be Brian Greesey.
Who keeps falling down all the time, dropping the ball.
Speaking of that, the offense next year, baby, all the way.
I wasn't even going to mention that.
I was going to try to be nice to you with all the other problems you've created for yourself.
It wasn't great to see you.
It was a great season.
It was a great season.
We don't make the playoffs.
It's not a great season.
You know what?
When your wins are mostly against the much a little girls teams.
There are no little girls in the NFL.
Second win in a meaningless game against the Jess and at last minute feel good.
Don't try to give me a song.
And what about the last hour of my day?
They could only leave it now about the pay to your store.
They could only leave it.
They are.
They are sustainable.
You're a full of crap.
They won 13 games in a row.
They won.
They're about six of them.
They won two in their last 17 games.
If it happens, what's your twice-it's luck.
If you can pull out those games every time, it's talent.
You're just pissed off because Tom Brady won't come in your restaurant.
The luck.
The luck.
If Tom Brady haven't been in a pizza lot, you have to lick his ass, man,
for coming in there and giving you a little promotion.
I'd shake his hand.
I'd shake his hand.
Yeah, and I wouldn't be like this.
That's all I'd shake his hand.
I really would.
I'd take a look at it.
I'd have him take a shower first.
Well, Jeff Cohen, if you're real nice to Jeff, by the way,
he will take you back to the executive showers at the pizza lot.
With a lot of water.
You know those have one-inch water lines?
Powerful.
You're going to have the ponytail I needed to get all this water.
Yeah, when I remember it was in every city saw an inch.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, it's been nice seeing you.
Okay.
You look three sheets to the wind.
No, not at all.
By the way, George, hook him up with that guy.
He needs some good stuff.
He said, hook him up with what's your name?
I'm Wilma up in Palm Beach.
I guess you need to do it too much for a rush these days.
So anyway, have a good time and happy new year to you.
Let us know that right.
You're coming out.
We're going to be doing it right and having you back on your most bonsters
when they come back.
They just show up back on the air.
But you, you're coming in, you know, kill 50 minutes of the show.
Which is good.
Somebody knew I can.
Okay.
I have to rewrite my spot.
Say hi to Rimmer.
I don't think I'll be seeing him while he's here.
It's, uh, uh.
Two minutes before noon at 560 WQF, your hair is vanishing.
Now, just ponytail vanish.
But that's because he chopped it off.
But if your hair is vanishing because it went down the drain on the flow all over the place,
uh, everybody in their sister now is trying to send you some other kind of a hair piece.
It's just amazing to me.
Talk about a low carb.
Uh, this hair thing is all over.
In fact, I get, I bet you that broadcasting school guys that'll be selling hair pretty soon.
Uh, cause he's big on the holes in the head.
Charles Alfieri doesn't want you to walk around looking like a silly goose like Moe or like Sam Donaldson or like poor Dennis Kassinich
who get a lot more votes if he looked like a human being.
He wants you to look your best and your youngest too and you can do that with Charlie's natural hair line system.
For over 25, excruciating years now, working with the famous and the not so famous in everybody in between,
Charlie's been making guys look their best.
And you have nothing loose but the shiny ugly boss butt that makes you look a level out older because
you have a 30 day guarantee.
You worry to piece for a month after a month if you're not really ecstatic about it.
If you're not getting laid like every five minutes, get that thing back to Charlie.
Give you a full refund.
No problem at all.
And the price is already reasonable.
But if you mention the advantages when you call him, I can extra 200 bucks off that already low price.
So call today and say goodbye to that boss.
Get yourself some real great looking hair called Charles Alfieri in Fort Lauderdale.
Tool free, 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log on to that website, Charles Alfieri.com.
My...
And look, this is Fort Radio 560.
You ain't too way here.
See, God it sucks.
This is Howard David.
When I take my Fel Dean, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-Hour.
Not George, because he stooped.
And with the tailing from Rustic Mayberry RFD, he went on to become progressive rock's greatest and best groomed artist.
And now all his best loved songs are available on one CD.
It's the very best of Pink Floyd the Barber.
Oh, welcome Andy.
Oh, welcome to the receipt.
Oh, yes.
Every Pink Floyd the Barber song has been digitally remastered in this CD box set that's on cut above the rest.
Money, get away.
Get a good job and good pay, and you're okay.
Say you could be a barber like me.
The very best of Pink Floyd the Barber contains all your favorites.
Like, have a cigar, OP.
And if we tell you the name of the game, OP.
We call it Ride the Greeny Trade.
Oh, yes.
I like it.
As well as this Pink Floyd the Barber classic, Run Like Heck.
Say Barber, oh, oh, they catch you with a back seat.
They try to pick film-a-loose locks.
Oh, Andy.
Andy's gonna send you back to Airbnb in a cardboard box party.
Oh, you're gonna run.
The very best of Pink Floyd the Barber is not available in store.
We'll call now.
Poppil 3 at 560 WQM.
Happy A Thursday to the Mars.
The big day, 1 o'clock tomorrow at the Fall Rating Book comes out.
It's gonna be really, it's D-Day D-4 Disaster.
I mean, 8, 6 and 4, man.
That's not the good progression, you know what?
Ah, whatever.
2, 4, 6, 8. Who don't we appreciate?
Neil, wait till you hear this.
Lime Diet Coke hits US stores.
You got it in stock yet?
Well, why not?
I need a minute now.
I can give you a plug and say, go over to the pizza loft and maybe they ain't get yourself a Lime Diet Coke.
You don't have it?
We'll just take some lime and squeeze it in a bag.
Get it, squeeze this.
Struggling to boost luggage, soft drink sales, and it's key US markets.
Coca-Cola said Wednesday.
It's rolled out a lime flavor version of its popular Diet Coke drink and stores for oxidation.
That sounds good.
I wonder if it's caffeine-free, though.
I don't know.
You see what I mean?
Probably not.
Because like the lemon Diet Coke is good, but you don't, I've never seen it like caffeine-free.
No, I don't want it.
Vanilla, Caffee.
Vanilla Diet Pepsi, or Vanilla Diet Coke.
Right.
Vanilla Caffee, no.
The words like the soft drink maker said it was backing its new Diet Coke with lime drink with the National ad campaign,
including Radio Magazine Internet billboard promotions.
The company planned to introduce the product in Canada in March, eh?
All right.
Diet Coke, the top selling Diet Soft Drink in the United States and worldwide has gone through several line extensions since its launch.
In 82, now includes Chirri, Lemon F and Eleverson's additional line.
And Puse.
And what about the Civic Cat flavored Diet Coke?
How pretty.
For the Chinese.
They just squeeze the cat.
They just squeeze the old cat.
56670560.
They're juicy.
Some of them, not the old ones.
Palm 560 on the 18th floor of that.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
How's that pole coming?
If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, whose picture will you see next to it?
George W. Bush 84.
Rush Limbaugh, your right man.
He's moving up the ladder fast.
He's ready to make a challenge.
Ready to make a big move.
Pop a couple more, Rush 27.
Wayne Heisinga 26.
Howard David at 19.
George Rodriguez 18.
Yours truly 15.
Ralph Nader 11.
Matt Drudge, Miss Fudge has got 10.
And Greg Reads got 3 already.
He just went on there.
I took a 19 votes and Greg's got 3 all inside the building by the way.
Everybody inside the buildings that a vote for Greg.
Anybody seen him lately?
No.
Good.
Let's keep it that way.
56670560.
Palm 560 on the 18th floor.
Don't forget to read a couple of pages from the important book here.
Okay.
The Paul William Rudd, by Ron Siskine.
Don't go out there and waste your money folks.
I mean, unless you got a lot of cash.
WQAM.
Yeah, it's over.
Yes, sir.
A two place I want to ask you about the first traveling.
Good spring and sand Diego.
I'll just hang up a little bit of your comments.
Thanks.
Excellent.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I know.
Okay.
I thought, okay, on your phone.
Oh, Jay's good.
Do you ever try OJ Flavor Diet Coke?
It's good.
Okay.
Let's go to OJ Simpson.
I just, OJ, they know who the hell it is.
OJ, hey, OJ!
Well, they suck his ass at this radio station, man.
A bunch of jock sniffers.
What a bunch of losers.
This place is just like a nut house.
These are region.
These are people who they won't live in a locker room.
That's this crowd.
Not the on the ear people, but I'm talking about the ones in the background.
The little jock sniffers.
The ones who press their nose like Petunia Pig up against the glass at the macarena during the hockey games.
Just like Petunia Pig.
Yeah.
Trying to get a sniff.
Oh, Stevie, why is he sniffing?
Ooh.
It smells like lemons.
Muskie.
Five, Ed Muskie, I thought he was dead.
He cried that one time, you know.
Five, six, six.
The only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Remember Ed Muskie?
No.
Another Democratic loser.
He cried.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah, I'm going to talk to Neil.
Speaking, yes.
I didn't know what's up.
How you doing?
I'm hanging in.
Okay, me too.
I'm hanging.
All right.
Let's talk about a hockey.
No.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, ten, ten, Verizon Wireless Line.
That was Danny Galovan calling him from the other side.
Yeah, it was a simpleating call as Danny would say.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Hello, my talk.
Speaking to Neil.
Yes, you are, sir.
Okay, I want to know if anybody called you up about the Michael Moore appearance on Charlie Rose last night.
No.
Well, it's kind of interesting.
I was, I tuned into it on WLRM, the Broward Public Television.
Right.
I run it between midnight and 1 a.m.
I didn't know it was on TV.
I thought somebody, we mentioned it was going to be on radio yesterday.
Well, I caught the last five minutes of Michael Moore and then I decided, well, I want to see the whole thing.
Right.
So I watched Charlie Rose on the Miami Public Television, and started at 1 a.m.
Mm-hmm.
Halfway through the Charlie Rose thing before they get to Michael Moore.
Somebody at Channel 2 swapped the tape and some boring author who wrote something else.
There's some grainy tape.
They didn't let Michael Moore appear.
What, why is that?
I don't know.
I tried to call Channel 2.
They wouldn't tell me.
Sounds like some kind of a right-wing plot to me.
It could be.
It could be one of Georgia's people locally pulled the trick.
Wouldn't surprise me.
And, uh, presentation for the Apple Bigger.
Yeah.
Alex Penelas.
Okay.
Excellent choice.
I'm out of material.
How are you, Vitorci?
Yeah.
Alex Pinka Picania is good.
Alex Penelas.
Yeah, we don't have to have a zillion names on here, or even a jid in like Wayne.
I'd like to see Wayne do a real good on here.
How is Moe doing?
21.
21.
See, people are like easing back off of Moe a little bit.
Don't do it.
I mean, do whatever you want.
I'm not going to tell you what to do.
I can only do what I want to do.
What do you want to do?
I just hate him like poison.
No, no, seriously.
How did I get sucked into that?
I still can't believe it even happened.
Because you're a softie.
It's surreal.
It's surreal.
I mean, when somebody woman is saying, a few goo and fugue their mind when you walk on it.
You know, I mean, just hostile as hell, you know.
Like I had taken a dump in his living room or something.
And then like five minutes later,
Kuchiku, Kuchiku, you know, I'm sorry.
I'm not into that.
You have a soft gooey center, not for him.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line.
How's Pharrell doing?
And then I'm, I don't want to go into it.
The stuff he was talking about in here yesterday.
See, the next time you talk to your buddy Pharrell,
you know, he'll never ever learn who his friends are.
No matter what.
No, you told him that.
He won't listen to that anymore than anybody.
He wouldn't listen to anybody.
I mean, you know, he's basically a good guy.
People loved him on the year.
Now, what's your take, Ponytail?
I should ask you that when you went here, but don't come back.
But what are you hearing about Pharrell getting canned off QAM?
I've heard zero.
Zee.
Oh, no.
I hope your car gets stolen.
Well, don't get taken personal now.
And that was bad.
Oh, God.
You haven't heard one word?
No, he says no.
The general public doesn't hear any of it.
And the thing only what you say on the radio is all that I've heard.
What does that mean?
No, but I mean, in other words, nobody has said Zee, we really miss him or he was great or nothing.
Anything?
Well, give me the honest answer.
Don't think you'll concomitant answer that you think will be palatable to Jeff Rimmer.
Give us an honest answer.
When at first, there was people asking me if I knew what was like customers asking me if I knew what happened,
if it's a prank, if he's coming back.
He's ain't coming back.
And I said not to my knowledge, but it kind of disappeared pretty quickly.
I mean, he was in the market for a short period of time.
June, July, August, September, October, five and a half months.
Right.
I mean, that's nothing, really.
I mean, people listen to him, but it's not where you build a loyal following that's going to like track you know, like Rick and Sudge to this day.
We still get people asking, are they somewhere?
What's going on with them?
You know, because they were in the market for so many days.
But it was different.
He wasn't around that long in the questions and last very long.
Those people are evil.
Well, whatever.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, he was fun.
We had fun here with him.
Sure.
But he just, you can't talk to the guy.
He just blew himself up.
He just, he has a death wish.
I told him that you got a, you got a career death wish.
You start a job in a minute, two minutes after you start, you're looking for your next job, because you know you're not going to last,
because you're going to do something to get yourself canned.
And boy, it is your game enough rope here, man.
Even Mussolini would like to little more of that rope.
And seriously, they gave him plenty of rope and he just kept a yank in it and that was it.
Especially when he was calling death names and stuff started crying.
You know.
Well, when it gets under 60 degrees, they're starting crying too.
He's a very emotional guy.
If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, which face will you see next to it?
George W. Bush 93.
Rush Limbaugh 43, moving strongly in a second place.
48.
Who is great?
The great 48.
H. Wayne Hypinga.
Boy, Rush walked by a Wayne like he had a ball spot.
We don't have to do four breaks this hour.
We can do like three.
Right?
Or not?
I already padded.
What do you mean?
A stuck some extra.
No, no, no, we don't have to do that.
I'm on a roll here now.
We don't have to put like a bunch of phony drunken spots on it.
Like that.
George W. Bush 93.
Rush Limbaugh 48.
Wayne Hypinga 26.
They're not too fond of you waiting to think you're an asshole.
And they know they're on to that crap.
Even Eddie the Pope.
I mean, when I saw that, I knew that the cat was out of the bag.
You won't hear too much of it on this station because like I said before,
most of the people here either on the Dolphin payroll,
or they're like, uh, got their head up to Dolphin's ass like ponytail in there.
That's where he lost his ponytail.
In fact, if you walk around, Wayne didn't grow a tail that's Jeff's ponytail in Wayne's ass.
When he pulled his head out the last time, got stuck in there.
Yeah.
We can do a DNA test.
I guarantee it.
I guarantee it.
I guarantee it.
George R. R. R. Let's see.
Mojahward David in 25.
Moas right out Wayne's ass.
How about he'd like it?
George Rodriguez 19.
Neil Rogers is an asshole say 16.
And I'm proud of it.
Miss Fudge is catching up to me and I'm running like hell now 12.
Got only knows what that thing's got.
Ralph Nader, 11 and Greg Read's still only got three out of 253 votes.
They're going to get into this poll.
Believe you me.
We'll get a whole bunch of other names, Nums.
And what do we got today?
Take a look.
Jim Manish was kidnapped by a bunch of Indians who used to be real buddies, but he would defo.
So he might or might not be on it too.
Sure, sure.
Like Ken Mirai.
We love him, Bo Camprey.
You have to say nice things to the big guy.
I have a nice.
But he is a great guy.
But why do they get?
And of course, Gully.
Gully so silly.
He must have been on laughing gas this morning, Gully.
You didn't hear any of it.
No.
I know.
I did.
Maybe he was just in such a good mood.
No, I tried.
Because Mo wasn't here.
He was such a...
He was just spastic.
And then he and the Bo Camprey concoct this thing about, oh Joe Rose has been suspended for something he said on it.
Just keep listening and Kimbo will tell you about it.
And it just...
Oh.
The last thing we need is to be talking about people with getting suspended on this station.
People are...
Right, you got a good point.
Let's bring him back.
Come on.
Okay.
Let's give him another...
One more chance.
I'll fetch him.
In fact, I might even...
I don't know.
I might change the pool at one o'clock.
Oh, Eric will get a really upset.
No, he won't.
I want to change the pool.
Ken.
About for real.
Okay.
I miss him.
Right?
I'm serious.
I'm not just saying.
I wasn't friendly with him because I was never here.
I mean, a friendly is...
Oh, bet.
You know, huh?
You were here a little bit, but not much.
But I'm just saying I wasn't close personal friends because I was never here all that much when he was here.
I mean, like with Mo, you don't have to be here because to know him is to hate him.
But like with Ferrell, he was fun.
He was fun to be around.
He was uncontrollable and you certainly couldn't have a conversation with him because he wouldn't listen.
Yeah.
It was just like on the air.
You were talking to him.
He's doing that.
And I keep trying to tell the audience what you heard on the air.
That's him.
There's nothing.
There is no difference.
Off the air on the air.
What you see.
What you hear.
What you smell.
That's what you get.
Occasionally, he would use fewer words on the air.
Occasionally.
And once in a while, a few extra words.
I got the local.
This is 560.
You're all yours now.
Q&A.
Who you and go fuck yourself.
This station presents real American heroes.
Real American heroes.
Today, we salute you, Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker.
Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker.
You didn't get an invitation.
So you didn't know.
It was BYOB.
And you're empty handed.
Who drank my entire six packs.
You, Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker, have the gusto to eat the entire bowl of nachos.
Yes, hey, did you just double dip?
Avasosa has kudis.
What's more, you also invited a bunch of dudes you met at the gentleman's club.
Is it cool if they sleep for her?
So the next time your wife's hindquarters are pitched by an unidentified drunk.
Who's about to pass out on your couch.
Raise your finger in salute too.
Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker.
A real American hero.
Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker.
Someone get a bucket, he's gonna throw up.
All right.
From 19 to 560 WQM, happy Thursday too.
Now how many breaks we doing this R3?
Yes.
Okay, we have no spots on the law, by the way.
If anybody out there would like to advertise on WQM, call Screw Anne Winick.
If she ever gets her ass off the floor.
That's the whole station we just have no spots.
Because we're like easing into the new year.
We don't want to overdo it.
Now the Apollo Neil of Deal.
Don't forget to read some of that book.
Oh yeah, Ron Suskind, winner of the Pulitzer Prize.
But he certainly ain't got a win-win for this book.
The Price of Loyalty.
I don't want the Green Van Guide, a field bag.
Because I really do appreciate it.
And you saw how I was overwhelmed.
I was very appreciative.
I thought it was going to be fabulous.
And it turned out to be less than fabulous.
But I'm just going to read two pages if I may.
About two and a quarter pages.
I'm going to take no time at all.
O'Neill for his part received.
This is the whole thing about energy and Kenny Lay and the whole thing.
O'Neill for his part received three short phone calls that lead winner early spring from Anne Ron's Ken Lay.
In one lay advocated, federal support of a derivatives trading markets for fuels.
In another he voiced support for global warming initiatives because they would favor natural gas.
A big part of Anne Ron's trading business.
O'Neill also received a strongly worded letter of protest from Goldman Sachs CEO Hank Paulson about how the federal price controls in California were injuring the investment firm subsidiary J. Aaron in company and energy supplier to California utilities.
J. Aaron pulled out of the California market was not among the companies later to be charged by the if the federal energy regulatory commission with press manipulation.
If processed drives outcomes and axiomonial in his fellow pragmatists live by.
This combination of confidentiality and influence by powerful and untreated parties would define the task forces and analysis of energy issues.
It meant O'Neill says that environmental concerns went virtually unrepresented.
So on March 19th and an hour long meeting in the cabinet room, the president was hearing dark predictions about the economic effect of a looming energy crisis.
Everybody played their parts literally.
For this president cabinet meetings and many mid-sized to large meetings he attended were carefully scripted.
Before most meetings, a cabinet secretary's chief of staff would receive a note from someone on the senior staff in a White House.
The note instructed the cabinet secretary when he was supposed to speak about what and for how long.
When O'Neill had received his first such note, he was amazed.
The idea of a cabinet meeting when a significant meeting between the president and the senior most officials being scripted seemed to kill off the whole purpose of bringing people together.
He had been in many White House as he had never heard of such a thing.
But by now he didn't question it.
At least he figured he had his regular one-on-ones with the president.
Virtually no one else in the cabinet had that sort of inside track except Rumsfeld.
For today's meeting the stage direction had come from the vice president's office and has expected DICK, Dick Cheney, when first sitting in the chair directly across from the president.
He talked about the task force's structure, its methodology, and the sources that had relied upon.
He said that the goal of phase one had been to assess more clearly what the energy needs are of a growing country and how to meet them.
O'Neill then talked, as scripted, about the way rising energy costs would cripple the economy and how the California crisis could spread to other regions, driving up energy costs for the coming summer.
Spence Abraham addressed the beleaguered coal industry which still produces half the nation's energy and how rising gas prices could be caused by unfolding supply constraints in the U.S.
Secretary of Agriculture and Venneman offered a short rendition of how rising fuel prices would affect agriculture.
Larry Lindsay described how energy cost washed through many parts of the U.S. economy and hid certain areas of manufacturing especially hard, and around the table A. Wittman was asked not to speak.
O'Neill was watching Bush closely. He threw out a few general phrases, a few nods, but there was virtually no engagement.
These cabinet secretaries had worked for over a month on detailed reports. O'Neill had been made to understand by various colleagues in the White House that the president should not be expected to read reports.
In his personal experience, the president didn't even appear to have read the short memos that he sent over.
That made it especially troubling that Bush didn't ask any questions. There are so many worth asking about each of the areas O'Neill thought as he sat quietly, dozens of queries running through his head.
This meeting was like many of the meetings I would go over the course of two years he recalled. The only way I can describe it is that well, the president is like a blind man in a room full of deaf people. There is no discernible connection.
There are some bombshells in here. There are a few here and there. But it's just I don't know, there's just not as much of the hype was much greater than the air content.
But basically what he's told us is that the man is a figurehead. He's a dodo bird. He's not running the country, which anybody with a brain already knows that it's channy and Wolfowitz and Pearl and Rumsfeld.
Kenny, the frigate.
Kenny, Kenny boy. The cabal of right wing, the O'Connor and big business rape artists.
But hey, we don't care. We love Bush. We love, but of course, anytime anybody says that to you know, there's a word that comes to mind.
Why did I got a call before that said Bush is God? You know what the word is that comes to my mind. I got one mind. I can't find it.
Oh no, where's the one where he spells it out? M-O-R-O-N. That's not even a name. Oh, I thought you were going to say stupid. Oh, well same thing. Stupid. Get the S-A to there. Stupid.
Okay, let's get a few more names on here because we're going to change the pool at one o'clock. I factly the other one Eric. He's going to be upset with me. I even apologize on the sheet of paper. Sorry.
Oh, R-O-N. What's that under just the moron? Yeah. Well, say some H-D-N. You have no system. No, see I do HD dash all the Howard David bits under HD dash. Yeah, that's where I was looking for it.
I just don't like your system, Mr. I like my system in Toronto much better. Well, what we're I don't see it. Tell me again. What is it? H-E-N. No, it's not in here. How could I just play it?
I don't know because it's not in here. I'll bet you your life on it. All right. It's not in here. You're dead. Anyway, should I read the poll for one o'clock now or later? Now? Okay. I don't know what inspired me that was something happen with ponytails sitting there just because I was asking him about that out of curiosity. And that book is coming out one o'clock tomorrow, which I think is going to be really weak. But we like it a surprise. Duff is in there hoping as if he's got something to do with it. But you know, I think we really had something going there for a while. Maybe we did not. Maybe we were deluding ourselves. You think? No.
No. Why? You think we had something going? Yeah. We had it going on. And now we don't got to go. I don't know if we got to go now or not. I don't believe any of this. So it's a trend or two. So what?
Oh, you mean the numbers? No. People get about that. I'm just talking about some mo menta. Oh, the momentum and the excitement. Right. Exciting morning. And the enthusiasm. In fact, I was following somebody that like we had in the crossover. I heard a guy called mad dog yesterday. He says, how come you don't ever do a crossover with Neil at two o'clock? And mad dog gave me an honest answer. He said, I don't do that stuff well.
He said, like, on the news. Oh, it's big. Oh, see if I talk soon enough, I like talk myself into something that I should have been talking about before. If I talk rapid enough, the channel six news blows with all the respect to our friend, the blockhead. I mean, I love your rose, but their news cats are horrendous. There was that awful triple fatality on the southern part of the turnpuck yesterday. Right. And they start out with a story right at the top of their news case. And you hear the voice of a woman. I don't know whether she was like an observer or a witness or and she's saying, oh my god.
Look at that car under that thing. Almost like it was some kind of a comedy bit. I mean, it wasn't serious conversation at all. And then you see it's like this mangled Toyota and they're like three dead people in a whole deal.
It was not a funny story. Yeah, Channel four wins by default. And then they sit and they yuck it up and they're yuck and back. So anyway, mad dog says he doesn't do the yuck and it up real well. Like when he's on Channel 10, he just that's not his bag, which is fine. Plus he's only got two hours anyway. Why do we want to take up any of his valuable time? Right.
He should take up some of your time. You got lots. No. No, no, no, we don't. I have no need to do that. Once in a great while we have done that. And that's fine. But I mean, he's a he and I are as tight as it gets because I've I've taught I've shown him the way.
I have shown him the way the promised land and he's very grateful for that. Plus he's he's I guarantee you right now. This is another good poll to take. Are they out of do it on the QM website? They did it once before about a year ago.
Which QM personality is your favorite? Remember they did that one, right? And we didn't even get a chance to do it because Josh Cortis was told to yank it off before I came on a year. Right. Trying to make everybody else look good. The sports. I still wanted. I guarantee a mad dog kicks my ass and everybody else's to he's he is so.
I love him. Anyone know why they love him? And what's not to like? Right. You see what I'm saying? In other words, he's not controversial in terms of like he doesn't talk about politics and he likes ass and the the dolphins and you know. See what I'm saying? Right. No, no, no, no, I'm not like ass.
Nobody I know right. So there you go. He's just what we'll do that one day. We'll get Josh to do that on a QM and of course Josh your clearance over here the other Josh clearance.
There. How dare you be your manipulating our website? He won't say that to my face, but it'll do behind the scene. We'll get his permission. We'll get permission from clearance to take that poll on the QM website. Maybe tomorrow. How many votes you think will be on there?
About 30 minutes. Of course we talk about the delivery like 3000. Pretty sad. And that's because it's the same 30 people call of the sports. You're okay. So here's the poll we're going to take it one.
Should and I'm not saying that it's going to happen because I'm sure it's not going to happen, but I'm just just to see the general lay of the land just for fun like all our pulse. Yeah, just just to see if you better pulse stop. What I got to pulse. No.
Should QM bring for well back please tomorrow. No way he sucked. I'd love it wouldn't wouldn't last or who the hell is Scott for real. There you go. There you go. Pretty easy. I know how to do a poll baby. Believe you me. I've seen a few of my time. I know how to whip out a really good pool. So QM bring for well back. Please tomorrow. No way he sucked. I'd love it. But wouldn't last or who the hell is Scott for real. We'll get that one up at one o'clock or maybe even sooner. Let's do it now.
Okay. Let's do whatever feels like it. See I feel bad because now he feels like I'm picking on him because you keep telling that. No, I'm just kidding with Jesus. What a reaction. Guys, it's a joke because he thinks it's all for real and serious.
Whoa. No way doesn't. There's a long list. He knows he knows that this is. Don't you realize what a phenomenal job he's been doing? I do and I keep telling him that. Yeah, we love him and yes. And I don't like to think you hate him now because that commenter in the show I had to do cycle therapy in the middle of the show now about what?
Because you said you were going to take the website away from him. I don't say that. It's a labor of love. How many times have I laid eyes on Eric in my entire life? He's up there in Orlando. He's lovely. Why for I've seen him twice. That's all. He's not going to slip down here all the time. Especially. I mean, I'm never here anyway. Most of the time. Thank God. So what's I have nothing against him. It's just that you and he and then of course when Beenerboy was here. Man.
Well, I'm about to go on here. I'm about to go cluster fugue. Wow. I don't think I like that. The fugue thing. I like fuk better clusterfuk. Right? Okay. Well, fuk is better. Some hockey player name fukes. No, fukua. I don't know who the hell I was. I don't know. That's what it's going to be. Fukue. I like that. Fukes like to class it off to soften classical. Anyway, what do we got in this other poll here? The second one. We got a poll parade here today, man. A poll paris.
If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, who's pictured to have what you see next to it now, we didn't really have as many people on here as we probably should have too bad. We had a nice select list. We have nothing to do.
But we're on there. Right. The important. The important ones were on here. 300 to 2 votes. We'll get to 400 and then Eric can change it if he gets around to it. And if not, well.
Let's see if you looked up asshole in the dictionary George W Bush is leaving 107 say you see his picture. Rush Limbaugh's catching the commander in thief though. Russia's got 67. He's running fast because he wants to see if the commander with these got any good stuff on him.
H Wayne High Pingers got 31. Mohawar David at 29 George Rodriguez 20. Yours truly near rises got it's changing again. It's changing. Oh, he just changed the pulpy for a good. Oh, that's it. That's it.
I had 17. I don't know what was after me. I would like to see what was after can I go back or well and I work. Can I he'll put it back up. Oh no, it's CNN money. That's an article. I have come on put it back up there. Just fact it to me. Eric do something. He did that intention. Right. He did that to say see you silly old man. I'll show you.
I'm sitting here reading the thing about it. Taking like another 10 seconds.
Anyway, the other pole is up there and I'm thinking, okay, I'm going to vote for that. I'm not going to tell you what I voted on there. Please. I'm not going to tell you what. Nothing.
Now that thing this morning really soured my whole life. I didn't like that. I would your grapes. It's sour grapes. That's what Don Cherry said. It wasn't good. It's so silly. It brings us down to such a level of juvenility.
It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It
It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It
It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It
It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It
It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It's silly. It
I'm an imbred jerk. Who parrots anything they say? Don't have a reader to search. It's so much easier this way. If you watch TV.
here, look at pictures.
Did you wish it today?
With my finger up my ass.
As I chiggle my brain, and I'm
going to sound a few afraid.
To fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV
and shake my fist as I lower my fly.
So I can pull on my hood to proudly show the swathe
that I put on my nuts.
The sawdys are our best friends in the world.
Like those Iraqis or Jews.
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior.
Who knows better than you?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
21 to 1 at 5 60 WQAM.
28 votes on our third and final poll today.
It's up.
It's in there.
Should QAM bring back Scott Ferell?
Please tomorrow 11.
No way he sucked.
8.
I'd love a voter wouldn't last.
One last 5.
And who the hell is Scott Ferell?
4.
But that's a real early sample.
Wait till the votes come in from the outlying districts.
That's the first 28 votes.
Orgasms are the touch of a button.
Squirt, Squirt.
Not for you guys though.
Oh.
Women around the world are being told they can now have an orgasm at the touch of a button.
Squirt, Squirt.
The makers of slightest touch say their device can give women longer, better and more intense orgasms.
They claim their device can trigger an orgasm without touching a woman's genital area.
According to...
What was it?
Was it on channel...
Maybe it was six.
There were prologue...
Yeah it was.
It was some NBC network show.
They were showing a promo.
And then granted the woman had a skirt on.
But the guy's got his hand right in her crotch.
Yeah, you see that?
Channel sex.
No I didn't.
Channel sex.
And then after that got kind of boring.
According to the manufacturer, slightest touch works by stimulating the body's sexual nerve pathway.
Ha ha.
Women start by drinking an electrolyte sports drink 20 minutes before using the device.
They then apply two white electrode pads inside their ankles.
These pads are connected to the slightest touch device, which is about the size of a personal stereo.
With a flick of a switch, the woman literally out like a light bulb, they get turned on.
The device stimulates the nerve-setting, gentle pulses of the woman's leg for between 10 and 30 minutes,
leaving women on the verge of climax on the edge.
The slightest touch does not provide an orgasm, said Cherice Davidson, the company's director customer support,
agently stimulates the sexual nerve pathways, taking the woman to a pre-orgasmic plateau,
where she dangles on the edge of orgasm for as long as she wants.
Couple of days.
From their gentle stimulation can then affect the orgasm.
BBC News Online has been unable to get independent scientific verification at the product works,
the queen turned out a chance to try it out.
But Ms. Davidson was used the device for three years, and since it's effective, she's been using it for three years, and that's non-stop.
It can be of great benefit to many women she told BBC News Online.
I've been using mine for three years, and I just love it, she said.
She said the product and help women who simply want to improve their sex lives, and those who've got problems achieving orgasm,
however the slightest touch which sells for 139.95 isn't suitable for everybody.
It's not recommended for women taking antidepressants, those who are pregnant or those with some underlying medical conditions such as heart problems.
The UK's FPA formerly the Family Planning Association urged women to get professional advice before spending their harder and cash 139.95.
If women feel they've got problems with either sexual relationships, it's better to go and get professional advice about the possible causes before spending a lot of cash in a special product set a frigid spokeswoman.
So there you go, who is probably really like seated crews in disguise.
A guy with a big, or an hour or some broad with a big strap on whatever it is, it's something.
How can you really tell what's serious?
Even if you check the aspiritis, I don't think we'll give you the answers.
She was many things for many people.
56670560, pound 560 on, oh look at that 56 votes.
Bring back for real tomorrow, 21, please. No way he sucked 17.
I'd love it, but it wouldn't last nine.
And who the hell is Scott for real? Nine. WQAM.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Pretty good. Green Van Dave.
Hey, thanks very much for the book too bad it sucked.
I'm sorry, you're the bloat.
Well, it's not your fault. You didn't write it.
I know, I still got the receipt, though, so I'm taking mine back to it.
You want me to keep it around pictures back to you?
No, I better keep it. I might find something worthwhile in there.
Yeah, I didn't pick it up yet, but I knew you'd be on top of it in the book too.
So when I heard you say that, that's quite a disappointment.
I was pretty disappointed. I can't say it on one night.
I was going to read the whole 200 page book, but I, you know, I leave through just about every chapter in every section
and just searching and scouring for some really good meat.
And I just, it was like being in a vegetarian restaurant.
I couldn't find much meat.
60 minutes hype, I guess.
Yeah, I bought it into it.
I mean, I'm not saying that there's nothing in there worth reading, but I think what I read before,
which took about two minutes, I think that pretty much sums it up.
Well, I'll just keep it in good condition and hold on to my receipt.
Hey, Neil, I was driving around with a bunch of people a couple of weekends ago
and had your best of CD in the car.
Right.
So I popped in, I had a couple of ladies in the back, popped it in, and of course, you know,
which is the first song, and where the first cut.
And one of the ladies in the back said, I love this song.
And the song kept going and going, and it was hysterical to see their date.
What song was it? I don't remember.
Would you invade my whole tonight?
Oh, yeah.
I wish you good, love it.
Yeah, the listening to the beginning, and she barks at it.
I love this song, and I said, oh, she has a surprise coming.
Excellent. Well, thanks a lot, Neil.
You're the best man, thanks.
He brought me the book yesterday. He paid for it, and I'll keep it.
Now, let's see, speaking of Enrique, which paper was that in?
Do you see it?
No.
There's nothing to read in these papers.
I hate to say that I want to sound like a sour pus, but there's nothing to read in any of these papers.
It's not in here. It's in a herald, so I probably burned it.
I got it here somewhere.
About Enrique, important stuff. Did I tell you I got a personal Christmas card from Enrique?
Yes, he did.
Had something in it.
I get cards like that sometimes.
It was moist.
Anyway, thanks Enrique, love you, baby.
So here's the deal. Enrique may very soon say, Uncle.
This is old news. It's in the herald today.
It's old news.
While both Pop Singer and Enrique Iglesias and his father, classic Kruner Julio, are well known for charming the ladies,
it seems the 80-70-year-old patriarch of the family takes the crown.
Enrique's occassionary and grandfather noted gynecologist Dr. Julio Iglesias Puga.
Is this...
He wears a Puga shell around his neck.
Is expecting a baby with his 40-year-old wife, Ronna Kite, in the spring.
He's...how old is he?
In the 80s, don't say exactly.
The new arrival conceived after Ronna Underwood treatment of the U.S.
Clinic providing artificial insemination means, oh, I see.
That 60-year-old Julio Iglesias will have a baby brother,
and Enrique will welcome an uncle nearly 30 years...
Dr. D. Man!
His junior.
Get the honey junior.
Dr. Iglesias and Kite secretly went and floated three years ago.
The dad to be is already a great grandfather thanks to Julio's daughter, Chabell.
Chabellie?
He got a hell of a belly.
Chabellie?
32 as a two-year-old son.
I didn't even know he had a daughter.
No, I didn't either.
I know Enrique's brother, who is like Ivysop.
He floats.
Love you Enrique, you're the best baby.
You can't sing too much.
He used to be able to...no, he can't sing.
He's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's...he's
Well, of course, probably a lot of the Feral people they've already turned it off. That's what the Beast and the McGill were saying when you were on vacation. That really was so depressing. Oh, everybody, they all bailed out. They're not going to turn it back until Feral comes back. Well, what is that? Whoever heard us such assing into the...huh? Only in this place. Only people like your good friends, you know, the Beast and McGill. And I noticed the Beast never came back in or debon today after I like, you know, sucked under a little bit. You right? Then came back and...
Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then
Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then
Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then
Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then
came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came back and... Then came
Another stage and this group came with other groups that came with other groups that came with other groups that came with other groups that came with other groups that came with other glaubies who gave their personal attention. And here is a picture of what the message that says faith be of pure Light. Where the Holy Father said this and here is territory electricity. Here here is a picture of what the Holy Father said that says faith be of pure light and the gift of life is winners. Here is a picture of what the Holy Father said that says faith be of pure light and the gift of life is winners.
Creativity right and I'm not through I see by this fix
Anyway, the president president mr. Yadi yadi on Monday, I see us president George W. Drop the visa requirement for
Presidents entering the US. He's thinking about it. He's having another meeting asking for the cheeseburgers
I reflite you want to know how come you ordered trade for lunch. That's why he's not there no more
56705 60 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line this thing with a low carb
I have never seen you're right though about or the caller was right marketing something
man
I bet your doctor Bob is singing a different tune right now
He's singing I wish I could have been a marketer. I wish I could have been had some marketing assistance
God he had a great diet great ideas. He knew his crap
But and I'm not saying he didn't sell out a book to make you know mochua denaro
But these people now put him to shame they bury him
Because I'm telling I'm telling you you can't you can't watch any channel or TV even the discovery channel
You can't watch any goddamn channel leave it a comedy channel
For more than 50 minutes without seeing some other low-carb this and some
Right, yeah, everywhere now ponytails gonna have low carb
And then I just say as a nice you may fat slot. Yes, that it's awfully boring
What all this low-carb every where you go on the spot? How many people in America aren't fat
And you're one of them so a pox on you skinny people here
We don't we don't have time for people who aren't fat. There's one system. What's eela Jenny ultra-neutral fast slim
Yeah, eat less move more. Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, I'm really moving a lot here sitting in this chair for hours
I'll go to the track and sit in that chair for like six hours. It's the same routine as last time. Welcome
I'm gonna walk home. Good idea. I'll walk over to mommy's house
123 votes should Q. M. bring Scott for well back. Please tomorrow 49
No way he sucked 28 who the hell is Scott for all 25 and I'd love it, but it wouldn't last
21
WQM
Speaking me. Oh, how are you doing? I am suggestion for a poison. Who is it?
This is Alex. I'm a suggestion for a poll in the future. Okay
Which when you stop when you started saying it's Alex. He's just like
I don't know how to subprain for okay
Which notable reunion will be the first to go awry and ask the mother and child reunion
Um, what about either Dan and Davie too late too late for a moan meal. That's already over
Oh, it's it over to you over. I'm sorry. I was always on my suggestions. It's it's finny if you need to be
He can kiss my fat ass. I tried calling you yesterday. I guess I'll get him a day to wait
I just don't like the guy that's all and I'm not you know and I know he's gonna be very offended and act very
You know, uh, it's him against the world. I'm just uh, I'm not gonna lie for him
There you go. Well good luck to know. Thanks Alex. All right
See what I'm saying. I just have a little bit of a conscience not too much or I wouldn't be working here
But I have a little bit and I just it's a lie. It's a fake. I tried to it's like a fake orgasm. You just can't do it
If you're a guy
It's it's it's just not right. You don't feel right about it like you know just express yourself the way you be feeling and I don't
I'm not buying into it. It's all fake
And I got lulled into it and sucked into it. You just can't spit in somebody's face and I'm like two minutes later
You know kissy kissy kissy plus that piece man. Wow that things things
WQA am hello. Yeah, let me speak with Neil speaking
Yeah, um
No, wait, no, wait, you just did the same thing
That the other guy did is you can just say your name. I don't really care what it is
But why did you stop and mid uh you call yourself there?
I didn't know if you want me to do my name. No don't do it. Don't do it. Somebody might recognize your voice
Okay, well, I've been knocked out Joe fear. Okay
Fies we don't do jokes on this show yesterday. Sure. We were trying to say the same thing the other day
You're trying to gain today. We don't do jokes
Sir, maybe if he tries again tomorrow. Oh, like I said next time you call give your full name and rest phone number and two sides
Then we can go and have somebody beat the crap out of you. We don't do stupid jokes
WQ have line nine, which is all and there's nobody on her but you we missed a good one. Oh damn it
We're doing screenless this year. We don't want to have anybody in there sit and put up with crap on the phone
It's more exciting this way. Sure. It seems to be working pretty good. I mean the effects is the same
Anyway, I just don't want to leave people hanging for a half an hour 40 minutes while they're on hold
I mean this way they can let it ring a little while and depending on how much patience they got then you know
Good luck to them
They don't get to hear the dumps and they don't get to hear when and that's another reason that some of the people can't be bothered
Would all their follow crap because nobody's gonna hear it anyway. Ha ha. How do you like that?
John Baa
That guy is so boring. He's not as boring as the one with a boring voice, you know
Who's gonna get his boring? Hey, other whisperer
And then you're gonna you miserable son. Yeah, oh geez such a boring fukentown man and you know when they talk faster
Yeah, when they talk faster, you got a chance to get on here much better. All the we don't dump that
It's just it's so pathetic WQM line one. It's working great. Hello
Yo, no, yes sir
Talk to me sir. Come on you can do it. All right. I got a question for you
What's the difference between the way that you act in the radio in a sense that you say whatever you want
Language
Language he didn't know that because he and I ain't speaking the same language pali
He just didn't know where to draw the line and even though they kept showing him here it is right here
And he just kept the racing and I guess not even close not even a contest
Plus the fact that these people don't realize how much stuff they had two people sitting in there on the dump buttons
You can't you can't have somebody on the air who doesn't know where out of where to draw the line and have two people having to
Press the dump button because they keep saying crap or whatever the hell was saying which I don't want to repeat
He just you know a lot of fun
But he just out of control
He needs to like you know knock it down a couple of notches, but he won't do it
Eventually see that's gonna be it with him either the day will come when finally after taking enough crap and after enough
You know self-immolation till finally wake up and say one day. I gotta cut it out or it's just you know
He'll wind up out on the beach selling a Frankforders off of a cart
WDQ-AM
Q-AM gone WDQ-AM hello
Hey, can I speak the NIL speaking yes, and from the heart great
Hey, I had a interesting doctor. I can experience okay. My wife brought those those in doge bars
For the one the doge bars. Oh God. I didn't know the other dogs bar
So I just grabbed a handful of them ran out the door hate them about three hours
Wow
Brueh also you
You what I adopted a puppy really thanks. Yeah, I'm gonna get a couple of dollars and take a moment of the end
Surprise John I'm taking getting five or six dogs. It's some bastard abuse them unfortunately. He's got only a three legs
But we're gonna take only got three legs three legs. What do you do with the other one?
Eight it he walks he walks uh he walks on the top of the pond they're walking on the pad of the bra
Right that makes me sense people at do anything evil the dogs like that they need to be horsewood
It was a pet store and uh Pembroke pines as a matter of fact
Magic something. I don't know what they're called magic pet. Yeah
Many of those are bastards. Take care of no great shows. Okay. Thanks for the good news
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless line big one to two hour cut up. Maybe you ain't heard nothing yet
We got the mad dog at two unless he's gonna be held captive by those the Martians that just landed
I understand that in the Bahamas they're having like quite an uprising so the Hank the Humber will be on it for from the
Crystal Palace unless the course he's also being held hostage by revolutionaries by much of uh cast your revolutionaries
But heads it's the one to do our take your god and
They're gonna work him no more
I've had enough
All the criminals buried as a cop on
I'm getting tired again
For
Absolutely
Well, I was a Christian soldier of God believer all these years
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures
Get your keys and say he's a powerful god and an unknown one in a mighty way
Except in 9 to 11 when he must have been gone on a bus friends holiday
Take your god and shove it. I ain't gonna worship him no more
You're
If you're with us because everybody else is wrong
You're not getting tired of watching people die in the name of an invisible lord
We'll take your god and shove it. I ain't worship him no more
Take your god and shove it. I ain't worship him no more
Thank god we don't gotten overligious fanatics in America. I'll tell you that
Like them cow heads
101 at 560 WDQ
I mean here's the fact that says this is gonna get everybody gonna shake it all up again
You're not gonna like this air city really if so
Says hello Neil last month. I asked about the streaming on the web page. They just won't stop, you know
Since you're on the Eric's subject today
You think you can get him to work on this little minuscule problem. No
I tried listening to the Near Rogers archives on a web page
It's frustrating when the connection drops after start from the beginning of the show again
Is there anything you can do no or ask Eric no to fix your modify the shows archive no
So the user can fast-forward or jump to the next hour of the show. No. Thank you. You're welcome
How about if I go to that person's house and bring all the tapes that we have right? That's a good idea whatever they want to hear okay?
For them every when the show is over every day. All right, okay
The only problem is there's no address your name or phone number or anything
So if they were just like us know who they are George will come over to about 430 every afternoon
Trying to have like a little you know have a little snack right the time down have a little snack ready for them
Okay, maybe a little you know roll a big fat one for him right and calm down a little bit
A hundred and fifty one votes should QA bring for all back. What do you say come on? Let's do it. Let's give it a one more chance
No
Please tomorrow 60
Who the hell has Scott for all 32 no way he sucked 31 I would love it, but it wouldn't last 28
I don't want 51 they're all over the place, but let's say 60 say please
Uh 20 so that's 88 to uh, you know, they want it
They want it all at least they're still here contrary to what the Miguel was telling us
Oh, they've all turned it off. They hate you kneeling everybody else too. They want for us
As if we had something to do with it, you know, but all that we have to do with it
So Eric says even Mo said what during our moments of moments of conversation
He said he knows that I you know
I tried numerous times to talk some sense in a bad child and he would listen to me, but anyway, yes
One can jump around on the archives all they have to do is wait a
Second until the show actually starts Brian starts screaming and then one can jump around that guys amor on
If the connection is going out that's him
That guys amor on that that's not in here all I was supposed to go in there and find it how are you gonna do that?
It's that's not in here fast, but it's not in here
I'm here and to you em oh oh
Before he got like a half a way in here. I already had my thumb on it. Joe best art. Yeah
Just playing with your mind. What's left of it? 5 6 7 0 5 6
I know pound 5 60 on a 18 see I got to be honest with this
People think I'm joking about a lot of things this place. This is uh, how did I ever survive that long in this building
You didn't have anything to compare it. This is a bizarre joint man. This is you know
There's nothing like a best art for this joint
God oh, speak of joints
Netherlands shocked by first deadly school shooting
Oi
The Netherlands was trying to make sense of the first deadly shooting in a school after a deputy principal of a high school was killed by one of his students
A student of the terror college in the hagg shot 49 year old deputy principal Hans van Weirin in the head Tuesday in the school cafeteria
In full view of many of the students the equitically injured teacher was rushed to hospital but later died
The suspect the 17 year old student at the school turned himself into police after the shooting
But as refused to talk about what happened the Dutch prosecutors office is open investigation
I think they ought to put that kid into a Dutch oven
Dutch prime minister Jan Peter Balken that needy and D express the
I know his uh shock at what he called a horrific incident such a thing should never be allowed to have it in our country
He said how about some other country idiot
Balken in D and queen beard tricks of Netherlands on Wednesday both sent letters of condolence to the family of the
victim said the Dutch Royal Information Service
The authorities wouldn't give any information about a possible motive in the head of the school Gerard Van Niltonberg told a press conference yesterday
That he had no idea what drove the suspect to be doing this
This is not a problem of our school. It's a problem of our society's a whole we can't protect ourselves from madness
He said
Who's school in the past have been committed for its safety record not no more
Almost five years ago four students and a teacher were wounded at another dark school in Vighill
When a student opened fire at a computer room all those victims survived
The survey that they took of teachers and managers to find out what this is all about said
The rise in his violence is domainly the verbal of view abuse and that incidents like threats and physical violence were not on the rise
Well, thank the Lord for that in needle-ons and I'll still believe
See it's not perfect. No where know how
Better than the us first to show you man. Man. He got everybody's got guns bad crap
happens
I know that's uh you're not supposed to say that anywhere. Don't say that when everybody in their brothers got guns
What if that crap goes down
But it goes down easy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless life it's smooth
WQAM just like cool cigarettes just like Salem WQAM
Neil yes sir hey how you doing today pretty good?
Hey, I don't want to keep piling the same thing you said every time about what's going on with the government and everything
Go ahead take all the time you want
You know but I'll turn to you then
That should have been in peace the long long time ago. What are they waiting for?
You know they've got all the evidence they got everything in front of them but you're good on clear man
You see what the thing that I love about Dean the best and he said it again last night
He really went on a big whole hog on it is that the Democratic Party has failed
They've sat back they've been co-conspirators and helping him do all of this crap and they they're like
Republican light is what most of the Democrats are that's why I like what he says
Exactly they're all in the same boat together so they can't be born in each other's finger because you did the same thing
I did but in different other parties right basically you know and one more thing I want to ask you know nothing against the Jewish people
But since you know they had to we tried everything they said about George Bush being a
I'm not seeing all that
Being yourself a Jewish man
Don't you hate seeing a Jewish person driver German car?
Yes, yes, yes, can't stand it
You know and then could have said no it was a Holocaust it was
That's right
But you know
Amen
You know so that's all I have to say
Thank you next time you see that drive him off the road
Good luck to tell you do a good job thank you. Yeah, that's right. What do you think? They made a man's
Mercedes men
560560
Palm 560 a driving ice American car like a Corvette made in Bolling green okay and quit poaching around
I'm not getting that new vet okay. No, I'm not the perth
Now there's no point. I don't need them. Just not here off it enough. I like mine just fine
Got 20,000 miles on it's got a long way to go baby even them tires are still up for them good shape
What the other one need a new car for it that thing is like it's like a fast caddy-lack man. I just love it
Astraying even full
better not be
In fact, who downloads what's in it? I'll be right back
670560
Palm 560 hey, it's bigger than that you better get what's his name in here soon. Yeah, I was gonna
I need to find out what that lets all about because I'm not gonna leave here with just my thing in my hand like centino, you know
WQ I am
Yeah, I beg your pardon. I like me on you're on
Yeah, stay with my boyfriend, okay
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, damn. Yes, sir. Yes. My name is Robert. I'm a first-time caller. Yes, sir
I'm just curious to know your opinion. I know all George bushes and all but you've never really addressed the healthcare issue in this country
Correct and I just like that with your opinion is on the healthcare situation and
How come America is the only westernized country that doesn't have universal healthcare?
Can you answer me that question? No idea, but I agree with you on how come they're saying that the drugs in Canada are like
You know gonna poison everybody and they certainly don't want American consumers to save money
They want everybody to roll over and be raped and ripped off by the pharmaceutical companies. Why is that?
I'm gonna tell you why because there are a bunch of grave robbers, sir
And I guarantee you that when you buy your prescription drug in Canada
It's exactly the same in fact that comes from the same company from the same assembly line from the same bottle
Then it comes from when you buy it at Walgreens or records
I agree
There are a bunch of alliers in grave robbers, sir
And the fact that this this government is so overtly and blatantly big business
And the fact that little people in middle class people are sitting there sucking their ass
They're close to show a people get what they deserve
You're right and
I believe me it's one of my biggest concerns that I'm sure I've got a lot of American concerns
Right and I wish there was just absolutely something this government would do with that
Well vote for Howard Dean ten or twenty times and let's see what we can get done
You got it. Thanks
That's another thing a democratic party just just absolutely taking a dump in at last
Good term election just sucking wind
But
But that we we really do need it if they if they screw it up again this year then we need another party
Let's have one okay. I'll bring Sony tail catered and then by the way a rumor has to pay double
How do you I don't like that
That business of people you know uh that entitlement while I'm Neil's friend or what the hell is that got to do with it
I got plenty of friends they don't go and sucking around for free meals
Just because they have it live across the street the rumor
I'm hearing is that he moved across the street from there just so we can get free meals
G he wouldn't do that Woody. Yes
That's a rumor. I'm starting out here and
Then he moved right in the hood so that because he knew Jeff was there he was like a captive audience
When did he say was there just yesterday and then of course he's got all the hockey players in there
Oh, you know come on give me uh give me give me give me give me
Terrible just shameless
Speaking of Canadian Jews that drive foreign cars
It's 11 past one at five sixty WQM
I'll tell you one thing if you feel like crap that means you probably didn't get a good night's sleep last night
Which also means you're not getting a night's sleep any like because your your
Macpress doesn't make a recovery doesn't heal. It's all like a sore. It doesn't heal up
So if your mattress finally gets to that point where it's like lumpy and bumpy
It ain't going to get no better unless you do something about it
Which means make that one easy call to dollar mattress toll free 1 800 macrass celebrate this new year in real comfort for months and years to come
With a great name brand macrass from our friends at dollar mattress
Nobody gives you a better deal all the way around and dollar mattress now is proud to have added stirons and foster to their already unbeatable
Championship lineup stirons and foster who what is the finest mattress made in america and now you can sleep on one
Tonight by calling toll free 1 800 macrass and of course they also carry the complete line of celi
Serta Simmons King Corlan temper pitting choose from dozens of models at low-ever day discount prices only dollar
mattress lets you choose that two-hour delivery window
That's right you can hop right through that window and they'll be there any day the week seven days from 80m to 10pm
Like noon to two two to four three to five you pick the time they'll share up
So with low prices same-day delivery free set up and removal
It's a piece of cake to see that dollar mattress is the best in the universe anywhere all the way around
So what do what I've been doing for years George is doing it Orlando or land of else a query is probably doing any
somewhere. Yeah, he's doing it somewhere
Miguel all on spix that'll rub you know it's the same thing
Call up dollar mattress today and you'll be sleeping and doing it in comfort tonight call 1 800 macrass
1 800 m at tr e s or check them on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com
Sports radio 560 you a
Talent
Star in nothing time yes, I've made it
While my guitar loudly
I make the big bucks with my axe but I can't play it
Yes, my guitar loudly
I have no talent
Public relations
Boss I'm in heavy rotation on MTV
All right
I can't just smile
Celebration copies with hair so sloppy and my rich jeans
I live sing and strong
Some of course yes, I think it
And my guitar loudly
Queens
Mm mm mm mm mm mm
He's theMA
And he plays
writing in a box somewhere. It's a one seventeen at five sixty. I mean that's
cruel to say that but I think it's about time we start being like more
mature in a belt in this world. No. No. I mean people are innocent people are
dying because of all the gobbledy-gook and superstition and crap and oh he's
gonna do he just like to think with Brett Faris father. Well what's Brett
Faris father's son up there now that he threw that terrible interception
overtime and the Packers lost that playoff game huh? What's he stand up there
now? Maybe he gently weeps too. Why did he weep? I mean come on grow up people
way to please. For example Al-Qaeda passenger and innocent Indian leather
garment exporter the Al-Qaeda pardon quotes. An Indian Muslim at the center of
a terrorism scare on transatlantic flights is an innocent leather garment
exporter. I don't believe it. They didn't like him because he had that career
Roma. The Kid Carey smell. Do you ever sniff Kid Carey? Sure.
Good morning. The man whose full name is Abdul Hay Muhammad Ilya.
No. I'm not. I'm Abdul Jeff Hay Muhammad Ilya. Ilya. You know how they knew
that he was bad news? Hi, Itaway. That's the first thing he said on a plane is
based in the Southern Indian City of Madras with business interest in U.S. and
Europe which requires frequent air travel Indian investigators said Ilya's
name phonetically matches that of Al-Qaeda operative Moolvi Abdul Hay as in
Hi, Itaway. Wanted since 2002. Hi, Moolvi. The confusion began when U.S.
intelligence agency scanning airline past your manifest picked out Ilya's
name. I wonder if he's keen to Ilya Kovlchuk. Who? Boy they can't score in
the Wendempty Net Atlanta. Boy there you got problems. Listed for travel on
the Air Force Air France Paris LA flight December 24th as a pass a possible match
for a high. Hi, Itaway. Wanted since 2002. The suspicion of an
Ilya. See this is they're just trying to cover it up. Remember the French said
there was no no such a person on there. Right. There were no terrorists on
there. So you guys keep keeping people right on edge keeping everybody peeing in
their pants just because the guy's a little bit too much chicken curry for lunch
and right away about a meat but a move but about Al-Qaeda Al-Qaeda. Man. Terrible.
Let's get back to that third pull man. This is big. You turt. 202 votes in about
40 minutes. That's not that's fairly impressive when you say impressive.
Considering they're all listening to rush now. Oh, I'm speaking of that. Yeah.
You know what I did yesterday. I left here. You listen to rush. My dog was on.
He went into commercial break. I for the first time in years. I punched over to IOD
and it was rush and that that asshole Thoney factory yesterday which I still
think must have it about well you know rush those there's some. He was reading
a long pond restarted. Wow. And he doesn't just read it. He pontificates and
bush told you as opposed policies are perverse. He he just talks down to
everybody. Yeah he shout. See that he doesn't read anything he shouts. His whole
show is just pomposity. It's a three hours of pompous acidity every day. I used to
play those tapes when I was a pal my friends. Wow. Like an American. I mean Jesus God.
Anybody that would buy it in that crap means when you sell that way. Yeah. You know it's got to be true.
Oh is that it? Sure. So in other words if you talk at a very condescending way
that means you must know without you and a kind of easy way. Who else would sound that way.
Schmidt. Nobody said yesterday. Hi. Howdy. 208 votes on the Ferel poll. Come on. Let's bring
them back just sneak them in there when nobody's paying any attention. I hope your
car gets stolen. I should cue and bring Ferel back. Please actually he's in here. See they
think that's on tape. He's here. Hey guys. Please tomorrow 76. See if Volkamp
can make stuff up. Why can't I for all returns tomorrow eight to 10. Oh. Right. Sure. Why can't I make stuff up.
Nothing you ever would not that we not that we have a sports nerd share with a bunch of real silly people is
them. Our people are real serious. Chamba. Please bring them back tomorrow 76. No way he sucked 49. Who the hell
is Scott for real 42. And I love it. But it wouldn't last 41. I think that last 41. I think they got
you know they'd like it but they know they're ain't no way just to wouldn't last. Would this start?
How do you know that? Stranger things have happened. I think he's out there in a hall right now talking
to the middle management people's people are either well we know that 21 past one. Let's get this phone
smoking here. Baby it's your day. It's your deal five six seven oh five sixty as they say in the
poker room at Pompa Park. It's your deal. Five sixty out of C. B. Age of those people. Wow. WQM. Hello. No change. All right. Don that was
done when that time was done. No, we're Stan major. I think that was done. Put it back. What times the
Stan major show on how many hours how many days a week is he on? WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Don't make me sure. Yes, sir.
WQM. Hello. Uh, Dr. Neil speaking.
Good. Aren't they good? Oh, I love it. I told you we got nothing but a sure intelligent.
We'll go to the show. Let's get C. Span in here to hear they hear the profound comments. We have it at one
woman today. Not a woman. Not you'll see when a book comes out tomorrow. We have it. We owe points in
women. We have a busy working. I'm so tired here in that crap. Who the hell are you kidding? They're
sitting around watching Jerry Springer. Judge Frickin Judy using that apparatus you were talking about.
Using that that come apparatus I was talking about before on her ankles. They're grabbing
their ankles. They're under back. Well, that's what's grand as all times. It's a good exercise.
She lays on her desk on her back and then grabs both ankles.
Skankles. Oh, Skippy said it was a, uh, now I'm gonna say.
WQA. I'm hello. Q.A.M.
Barnaby Jones, a Quinn Martin production. Thank you. Bill Ross calling in. Thanks Bill from the other side.
Who said that Jonathan Edwards has got anything on us? Let's start talking to some dead people.
See Mo gets upset when I talk about dead people. Let's start talking. Let's start talking to dead people.
Sure. Why not? Sure beats them sports callers. I'll tell you that.
Well, what do you think about that right guard? Is he still in?
And all that Danny crab man you Danny people you need you need to get a life.
Oh, he's gonna be in management. He's gonna own the team. How the hell do you know? Huh?
You wouldn't know Danny if he came to your house and lick you on the ass.
WQA.M. Hello. Come back.
Another that was not that week. That was so bad. Shame on you, man.
A faker and a weakling. A job a guy. WQA.M.
Hey, Uncle. How are you doing?
This is pretty good. This is for GDK. I haven't called you in a long time.
Okay. But the reason why I was calling you is I didn't know what they used civets for.
You know that the animals that are causing SARS. Besides lunch.
Actually besides lunch there's a big reason.
Anybody out there that uses musk perfume, musk alone, you know.
It comes from a rectal gland from that animal.
And they actually hang this thing from its tail, take a flat piece of wood and scrape this black
nasty, nastier than hell's thought. Kind of like our president.
Out from these glands to the left and right of the anus, put it in a jar and then that's what
eventually becomes musk. So, I wonder if they're expressing their anals?
Bingo. Wow. So, all you guys that have to do is like, can you charge it on anal express?
I don't know. Put it on the defense department's bill. They think they have plenty of money.
There's no problem. But anyway, for those of you guys out there like,
we'll find some on Mars. It's plenty of it.
Plenty of it along the way too. I'm sure.
Well, in closing, give me a little gurgle and y'all have a good day.
And speaking of muskie, did I ever talk about it muskie before he cried?
Who? And he died. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
241 votes on the FRL pool. It's starting to build up big heavy duty now.
Are they, you think the powers that be are looking at this thing?
No. No.
Tours not. They don't pay any attention. They're at the lunch now.
Clarence, he comes, Clarence comes wandering in about 9.40 now every day.
He goes out to lunch about a quarter to noon. He comes rolling back at about 10 to 3.
Leaves and goes home at 4.30.
How much do you think he's pulling down out of here now?
How much? 140?
That's a good guess. You got to be kidding me.
141 dollars?
Yeah.
241 votes. You WQM bring back Scott Farrell.
He was big baby.
He was what had this place off fired up again and that's it.
Please tomorrow 89, the number of the great Alexander Maggiani,
where we sure need him back.
No way he sucked 56 as in Q56.
Who the hell is Scott Farrell 49?
We never believe those.
No matter what we put on there, there's about the assholes that will vote for it.
And I love it, Boater. Wouldn't last 47.
We haven't taken one call on line 9 today.
WQM line 9.
Good. Good. I got one with your pole.
Yes.
Okay.
Former boyhouse.
He had a lovely ball spot though.
Yeah. Guy had the press high.
When he started getting suspicious when he started bringing him
up pork cheeseburgers, he started getting really pissed off.
True. He started getting a little porky about it.
Yes.
I got some point of this kind of sports related.
That's really big.
If you go to website www.moneyshots.com and to CGI website,
like videos and stuff like that,
they've got a dom in the McNabb video.
No, it's not a biggie.
It's a commercial.
If you play it, I have George Gordard.
Or maybe you can go there.
You'll hear that they have a little rush reference in there.
Excellent. I love it.
I hope they rip him an ass.
It's like an Easter.
If you go there, www.moneyshots.com
or just look on the web for Reebok XL.
It's a matter of fact if the paper is lose to Andy Napples,
which I hope they don't, but if they do this week.
I'll pull for the Eagles in a Super Bowl just to piss off rush.
Right on, but check out that.
That Easter is really cool.
You have to listen for it.
Okay.
But you'll hear it. It's really, really cool.
All right. Thanks.
Thank you.
See you.
27 past one at 560 WQM.
The Mad Dog was scheduled to be on the day too,
but we have some rumors now that
Feral is going to be on 2 to 4 every day.
In fact, you know what?
Let's just start making up some Fony schedules.
Why not?
Huh?
I mean, the real one's wrong.
Ron Hershey is going to be on tomorrow morning between 5 and 8.
8 to 10 we got Feral is back in.
In fact, what I'm going to be is I'm going to be a Feral sandwich.
I'm going to be to meet in the middle.
Feral 8 to 10, Feral 2 to 4.
Right?
Okay.
John Barrett's for Titton's going to be on 4 to 6 tomorrow.
Give it away.
A million dollar bills.
The minion air.
Oh, oh.
And that's way before your turn.
That would be like our life three lives with the Herbert Filberg.
Richard Carlson.
Oh, I love talking about those rio.
I probably shouldn't do it because Volka brands out of town.
He's the only other one that's old enough to know it.
27 past one.
Well, all the old Farts man, they're listening to.
What are they listening to?
Life.
No.
Lifeless.
Seriously, what are they old Farts listening to these days?
Other fletching.
Are they listening to WK18 classical music on AM?
Huh?
Maybe the listening to it.
Maybe they're listening to a beautiful fugue right now.
Who did the fugues?
Bach.
Bach.
Didn't most of them.
They're listening to a Bach fugue.
Well, you know what?
Fugum.
If you're going to really get a job or fugue, your boss too.
If you're underpaid, the back Adam.
New Year's resolutions don't happen by automation.
All you got to do is just make a little simple phone call
and you really can change your life and put the plans in motion.
Call fast train right now at 1-866-fast train.
Classes are run away right now.
If you're committed and dedicated fast train can help you out
in becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months
to make a long story short,
have a real career and a big fat one and a paycheck too that goes along with it.
That's right, get yourself a new hot pain career in just four count them short months.
The demand for a certified computer professionals is at an all-time high.
That's what Todd direct tells me.
Fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes.
Job placement assistance financially for people who qualify too.
So call fast train today, toll free 1-866-fast train.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com.
Whatever you do, don't miss the train of opportunity this year.
Here's a chance to get out of your dead end job and get a real life.
Call 1-866-fast train.
This year make your new year's resolution and reality with our friends at fast train.
My life and locals, this is 420516.
Pack them your dirty clothes, kick you when you're up and kick you when you're down.
Kick them back with a mate tag washing machine.
Kick them back with a mate tag washing machine.
Kick them back with a mate tag washing machine.
Give us 30 laundry.
We're baits.
My apologizers for playing that, they told us we don't want to be airing our dirty laundry here on QAM.
They didn't tell us that today.
No, 1-32-560-70-70.
Wait till you hear it.
Well, let me do this facts first.
I'll say the good one.
Oh, four jocks accused of taping student at toilet seat.
I mean, that's not bad.
It's in the Sun's center, low.
Four wrestlers at David Crocket High School in Jones,
the board of Tennessee are expected to be disciplined
after taping a 14-year-old boy to a toilet seat,
taking a picture and posting it around the school.
The boys mother, Linda Clark, said the hazing incident happened about two weeks ago,
but nothing was done about it.
I think it's a shame that it disgraced my son was humiliated like this and it was unpunished, Clark said.
Clark said her daughter took one of the photos to Crocket Principal Henry Merrillett,
rather than the time of the incident, but nothing was done.
Clark went to the school Monday and confronted Merrillett, or was that Merrill Bell?
Muddy Bell.
Muddy Bell?
She said...
You call that a penis?
No. Muddy Bell.
So one of the boys was not in school on Tuesday.
They wanted to get all four together before handing down any discipline.
Washington County Director's School's grant role in set of student typically would be suspended
ten days for this type of offense.
The whole thing is completely ridiculous, role in set,
and a man in my position can't afford to be made to look like an asshole.
How do you like that?
Well, at least they didn't shove any marshmallows up his butterway thing like that,
because that's usually the way it goes.
All that stuff.
Still baggy, fraternizing.
Yeah, it's in the same category.
Now, I want you to look at the headline on this facts.
What is...
Chamba.
Chamba?
Okay.
Is that incredible?
You're not impressed.
Well, I can't wait to hear the facts.
Chamba?
Maybe it's more than our name.
It means to celebrate.
And when you taste our fresh fruit smoothies,
fresh squeezed juices,
and high nutrition breads and pretzels, you understand why.
Don't give the president of those pretzels.
He's got a tough time with them.
Oh, and don't forget on our...
What does that thing call it again?
That we have on our website.
Yeah, action figure there.
Yeah.
Lion, Sack of Crap Bush, whatever it's called.
It's beautiful.
We started out in 1990 in San Luis Obispo, California as a juice club.
A group of young, wellness-minded people,
Kirk the visionary, Linda the creative,
Kevin the relationship guy and Joe the naturalist.
We had one juice club store, a mountain of passion,
a huge hunger for health.
Would it help us some of our really great friends we built
to us club with our own hearts and hands
from sourcing the very best fruits
and testing out blenders to physically building our first door we did it all?
Soon our passion for juice clubs started to catch on with others.
As word began to spread, we continued dig our grassers.
How...
I don't want to read the whole story.
Health and...
Oh, this must be like that.
Jesus juice that Michael Jackson feeds the kids.
That you drink with a straw out of a soda can.
Health and nutritional awareness were finally becoming a big deal.
Custom enthusiasm was growing.
So we continued to open new juice clubs stores.
We believe there was more to learn and more to offer our growing
group of loyal fans.
We made it our goal to listen to our customers to
continuously improve and always be dreaming of
creating offering new good for you products.
So in 1995, to celebrate our evolution,
like customers know that we were committed to being
better at standing out from the juice stands that were popping up.
We decided to change our name.
We became Jamba juice.
So there you go.
Now we know.
Jamba juice tastes like crap.
Come on.
How do you know that?
I don't know.
My pdlish.
I'm telling you what I like a lot is my
indirects diabetic.
I'm drinking them all right now for lunch.
Yes you are.
Yes he is.
And I'm trying to then with this facs from our good friend,
Suzanne, who finally stopped writing me about how she's the
the one with the Jewish husband.
Thanks Suzanne.
I'm glad you stopped doing me.
He's very doing Mexican.
Whatever she is.
I can't get through your lines.
I'm listening to you.
Women.
Yeah, way one.
Anyway, where can I get those diabetic bars you were talking about?
It's not a bar Suzanne.
It's a drink.
It's a drink.
It's an indirects diabetic.
ENT, EREX.
And it's delicious.
And it's a good stuff.
Good for you.
You can get it public.
It said Eckerds.
It wall greens.
It's CVS.
All your pharmacies out there.
Give it a shot Suzanne.
And thanks for the memories.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T.
Enverized and wireless line.
You hear how clean and crisp that was?
Crunchy.
That's for my indirects diabetic.
It's cleaning and making your grips really good.
284 should QAM bring a Pharrell back.
What do you say?
Come on, let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
Bring it on.
Please tomorrow 109.
Tomorrow at 6 and 5.
No way he sucked 69.
I love it.
I'd love it but it wouldn't last 58.
And who the hell has Scott Pharrell 55?
We don't believe any of those people.
The rain nobody.
Don't know Pharrell, right?
Right.
You'd have to be a...
I'm son of a bitch.
Not to know who he is.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Do you have a dream about being a John Plane with yourself in the room?
Let's whip that guy.
That's horrible.
John, I gotta go.
Yes.
I'm getting hooked up just thinking about it.
Hey, that makes your tongue colored.
What's that?
The uh, the head tracks.
So you want to know why?
The pan tracks.
No, what it is.
No, you know what that is?
It's coated.
My tongue is coated.
Because I'm clean.
Because I'm fat.
No, when you're fat, what about your tongue?
No, I'm not bad.
Red.
Oh, yeah.
See that's like, it's like...
It's like...
It's like...
No, it's like when you have a yeast infection in your system.
Most fat people have a yeast infection.
I have no idea.
I've read so much about that.
I don't know how to get rid of it.
But you do.
And of course part of the problem is eating like a lot of cheese.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Oh.
Or dairy.
Rhymes with...
Berry.
What about bread?
Which you don't eat?
I don't eat bread.
What's bread got to do with the...
Has yeast in it?
No, no, no, no, no.
It's not no.
It doesn't come from yeast products.
It comes from sugar.
From sugar.
I know another place it comes.
And of course bread turns into sugar when you eat it.
It's just like pasta and that's not.
So there's the answer for my...
And quick look at my tongue by the way.
Oh, you stuck it out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's see if there's anybody on line 9.
It's a winner.
Hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to call and tell you to tell Eric that the...
Archives are hosed.
So if you switched over to NP3s...
Yeah.
They don't work.
They run for about a minute and a half and they're gone.
I'll be damned.
They don't want to go.
Are you serious?
I'm positive.
How's that possible?
I have no idea.
When did that start?
Friday.
Friday?
Probably a comic conspiracy.
That's a Friday.
It sounds like you, Neil.
What's that?
It sounds like you.
I met you years ago with lots of Renetta.
Right.
Oh, what a great place that was, huh?
Back in the day.
Right.
Back in the day.
Don't say that.
I hate when they say back in the day.
Also, I went to college in Geneva, New York.
All right.
You went to Hobart.
You went to the day.
You went to Hobart?
I went to Hobart.
All right.
And my roommate, as a matter of fact, dated Howard's Daniel's daughter.
Oh, no.
I'll tell you one thing.
The sun was an asshole.
Yeah, I know that, too.
Sun Bill.
I know that, too.
In fact, Howard may have been an asshole, too.
I never met him.
But we spent many, many, many...
I hear Howard's...
I had the finger-lakes race track.
I hear...
I was there, man.
I was there the day it opened.
I think I was, too, as a matter of fact.
Okay, Palli.
Listen, I'll see you...
Probably like early 60s, right?
60s, 63.
That's it.
63, I believe.
I'll see your opinion.
Get those archives fixed.
No other to get us involved over here.
Working on it right now.
Because I'm in Tampa.
I miss it, I'll see...
I'll see Indipu.
I'll see you.
I'll see you in Hamburg.
I'll see you in Schenny, Adelaide.
See you in Nellie Roy.
Bye.
A 20-line nine was good.
We've run from line nine being a real defective week-sister.
The line nine being a strong link.
Oh, what?
It's too an aromain.
Too an aromac.
People that we actually might want to talk to again.
Even though people not from upstate New York are probably bored.
That's too bad.
Okay, if you're not from upstate New York,
you ain't crap.
Or maybe Montana.
Or Cuba.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on EAT and T.
Or Toronto way.
Let's see, now, who the Leafs playing this week.
That's where I think I got to tomorrow in Saturday.
Home and Home with those.
Fill it up your flyers.
Big Game Saturday on you hockey fans out there.
I'm serious.
Panthers in Tampa Bay, if the Panthers have any.
Even though there's a long way to go.
But if they've any serious hopes of being a playoff contender,
they really need to get a win against Tampa.
Not a tie.
Not one of those kiss you sister ties.
I'm talking about a win against the Lightning on Tuesday.
I'm on Saturday.
Saturday night at the Macarena.
Because the Lightning are seven points ahead.
I still think they still got two games in hand
or two or three on the Panthers.
So it's a four-point game.
If the Panthers win, there are only four points out of first
in the division.
If they lose, it's nine, which is not good.
Any interest whatsoever?
No.
I'd like some free tickets.
Because this is the only show that I'd give it away.
No free tickets because they won't do anything for the show.
Nothing.
Zero.
They won't fix our computers.
They won't give us any tickets to give away.
They won't even talk to us.
They won't do nothing with us.
They'll just take the money.
Thank you.
That's it.
They won't sell any spots on the show.
No.
Nothing.
We're like, we're like the bad cousin
that came to town wouldn't do red-headed steps.
That's right.
The red-headed step, the dark-assed step-child.
Oh, I thought that was Troy Stradford.
W.C.Y.M.
Q.I.M.
I can speak in the old days.
Speaking, yes.
Neil.
Our first lady, caller of the day.
I finally got to row.
This is your friend Suzanne.
Oh, you're the only woman we got
by you still calling after I read your
thanks, who's in and gave you the information.
I can't find the information.
I called the...
I just got through telling us
Interrex Diabetic.
It's not a bar.
It's a drink.
Do they have a website, do you know?
Oh, yes, they do as a matter of fact.
W-W-W-W-
The.
Interrex-E-N-T-E-R-E-X.
Diabetic allonmore.com.
Down in homes to this, they never heard of that.
Well, I'm going to forget about homes to this.
They never heard of, uh,
token homes to the electricity.
Yeah, they never heard of light bulbs.
I know. I appreciate that.
The fact that you talked about that on the radio,
it says on Diabetic.
Right.
You know, it's hard for me to...
Do you take your blood sugar?
Yeah, I take my blood sugar
four times a day and...
Good, good for you.
And I also take insulin four times a day.
Oh, you have to take insulin?
Yeah.
Wow.
So I...
I listen to this is good stuff.
I think you'll like it.
I hope so because I try that other,
the acne stuff.
Yeah.
That you were talking about.
I know it's awful.
Oh, boy. It'll make you just crap your brains out.
I had a lot of stomach problems with it.
Right. Exactly.
Especially if you have a tender tummy like you and I do.
Forget about it.
And I decided to stop taking it
and then I went to, um,
Eckerd and I tried these car solution bars
and they're terrible.
Awful. It tastes like dreck.
Oh, they don't even work.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
Give us a try, Suzanne.
Good luck.
You too.
Hang in there.
See she's very nice.
She faxed us. She called us.
She's our only lady.
We have one.
Well, it's better than none.
It's better than the big...
Oh!
142.
In fact, the big old will be on tonight
and we apologize for that in advance.
My life and local.
This is 435 city.
You're way too late.
You're one!
People.
Wow!
Oh!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
No!
I think I did it again.
I got really fond.
Then married my friend.
Oh, baby, I was
last when we were
so I don't know if it was
consummated.
I might use
hair, my money
because I didn't
sign a pre-know.
I told my lawyers
I got drunk again.
I was having a bad
thought he was
to spend.
Oh, baby, baby,
who's
I said that I do.
I had too much to
I can't
hold my liquor.
I got drunk again.
Last time I did that.
I kissed my dad off.
Oh, baby, baby, who's
I'm a part of you,
Corks.
Then married some
door.
I said
and it is.
Oh, yes.
147.
I would have porcupine
a goofball right
neck like that.
I'm going to ears the size
of a dumbo.
In fact, he make dumbo
blush.
Do elephants blush?
Well, if he could, he would do it.
I was thinking about that
confrontation in the parking lot
the other day.
And I'm thinking of one thing
that I forgot to tell you about.
That was said to me during
during the heat of the initial
hostility.
Yeah.
When I was saying, you know,
it's a radio show because he was
belly-cking about one of the things
that you said on the ear about me.
It's a radio show.
And he said to me,
you should have explained
what your show was about to me.
And I said, everybody else got it.
And I'm thinking to myself,
it wasn't up to me to
sit anybody down and explain it to me.
It was up to Greg Reed to explain it.
See, that again is an
I'm not picking on Mo on that.
It's another example of the bad
management here.
When you bring somebody in
who we already know has got a
big fat ego and you sit them down
and say, you know, don't take it
personal.
Let's just need let's just show you
ripped me an ass too.
That's the way you do it.
The management should have done that.
Not me.
I mean, well, well, I mean,
sure I go to the left with him
and said, by the way, I'm going to
rip you an ass but don't take
any of it seriously about the
awakened about the
checkered pants and the bag and
stuff.
It's just, why do I need to do that?
People with experience in this field
the talk radio field that he's
never done that right.
He didn't admit that to me.
He's never done talk show before.
He's never done it.
Which is not the great idea about Greg Reed.
Greg, I'm going to tell you, baby.
I think they're out of name of the
Z's after Greg.
You know what I mean?
What's wrong?
tumors.
Speaking of tumors,
man ages 73 and 80,
brawl over handicapped
parking spot in Boka.
Oh, hey,
maybe that's why Mo wasn't
into work this morning.
Two men got into a fight over
a parking spot in the Denny's
parking lot.
Haha, 3249,
North Federal Highway.
But of course,
the fight started about 11.
32s day morning when Richard
Bohemian 73 asked Bruce Foster,
not Bud Foster,
Bruce Foster 80 white,
parking life handicapped spot.
Foster went handicapped,
placard, told Bohemian was
none of his business.
According to the report, Bohemian
began screaming racial slurs at
Foster, whose black
then struck his cane out the
car window and hit the 80-year-old
man, but he declined to praise
charges.
How do you like that?
He called him some kind of a
schwarz or something like that.
Nepathetic happens all the time.
He would have held out a candy
cane.
He probably might have licked it.
Don't you think?
There was a killing at a
theater or something over here.
Well, didn't they just have the
trial when a guy that
killed a guy over a parking spot
or something?
Oh, the two goes on every day.
I tell people in Toronto about
that because they ask me what it's
like here and what the people
are like.
I tell people shoot each other
or a parking spot.
They look at me like,
boy, if you've got a sense of
humor or what.
Another thing I'm joking,
they can't comprehend that.
They never heard such a thing.
Of course, they don't have quite the
disproportionate number of old
obnoxious angry old people.
Anyplace else like we do here.
Old.
That's why even at my advanced
stage, I feel like a queen,
a teenager.
Now, hear you better.
Listen carefully.
Steve says, could you please do
me a favor?
You and your stage have been
advertising seminar at
Office Depot Center, February 5th.
It's with Zig Ziglar,
Jack McKeehan, and Rudy Giuliani.
Could you please
vaccinate the number to call the
book?
I've called the station four
times.
We'll know those praise
quadruple four times.
We've been hung up on twice.
I didn't catch the number when
you did the promo.
You have you got it?
Can we play it?
We could play it.
Well, that's the only way
well because see, I just want to
say it again, talking about bad
management.
We have many, many, many people
who call the station,
call the switchboard out there,
freaky-ass carlos,
and ask very nicely,
who we get some information.
Now, you know,
any get hung up on because
Carlos is busy with his
uh, Pericelton blow up dog.
I didn't tell you that either,
did I?
No, you did mention that.
About Iris Hilton,
right?
That's his new fling.
Explain me that.
I don't, I'm gonna get it.
Well, explain me Susan Lucci.
Is she a fag hag?
Is that what that's all about?
Maybe.
Maybe Pericelton's a fag hag.
Oh, I don't know she's a
hag that you Susan Lucci
think I understand.
Why?
soap uppers.
Oh, I see.
I kind of prefer Sheridan
myself.
Even though I'm not inclined
out, I would prefer to watch
her. That's your,
it's funny.
See, but nevertheless,
although I do like the new
Tony on guiding light,
but nevertheless.
So anyway, let's play the
spot.
Sorry, Earl.
Well, these aren't titled
anything obviously.
Wasn't that the right spot?
No.
Office Depot seminars.
What?
Well, what is that spot?
Something else.
Well, where is the office
Depot Center seminar?
Oh, who knows?
The Yinter Renta Center.
In other words, you can't even
find the spot.
Come on.
Again, I would have to know
what it's called.
It says you and your
station been advertising a
seminar.
I was apologize to the audience
because I know this is a very
shining.
You understand the
apologize?
Nothing within the spot is
going to have anything to do
with the title as it is
listed on the logger in the
audience.
But I mean, I mean, look
at something that might be it.
Like the key that was what I
just fired off.
Yeah.
Well, maybe Steve would
like you order the cheetah.
I guess more his direct.
That's a PD Lanny's spot.
Or I'm gonna find it.
Okay, we're looking for it.
We'll work on it.
We'll work on it, Steve.
It's what?
We'll give them a freebie in
the next break.
How's that?
If we can follow the
business.
If we find what it is,
we'll put in the next
break as a free spot because
we ain't got no spots
anyway.
Because our sales
department's too busy
servicing square and
back there.
321 votes.
Take a puke at that, man.
321.
Should QAM bring
Pharrell back?
What do you say?
Huh?
Absolutely.
Please tomorrow.
124 of you desperately want
Pharrell back.
He was fun.
Let's get him on.
Bring it on.
No way he sucked.
78.
I love it, but it wouldn't last.
64.
And who the hell is
Scott Pharrell?
58.
Mad Dog is scheduled to be up next
if we never get him out of the
holding yourself.
Now what's his story?
What kind of a story could we
I think that's what I'm going to do
every day just out of
spite for what they did this
morning.
I'm just going to make up a
phony schedule.
Thanks not here anymore by the way
he quit.
Coming up.
Coming up.
Yeah.
Humanity of
Shumad Dog.
I'm right.
Sports Radio 5.
16.
You made it.
Grab the wood.
You
Mad Dog says Tom Brady's
coming down for a few weeks
and he's going to bring him on in.
You need to let me see
that we're lacking
it's a
poem.
And I'm going to tell him
sure got a pretty mouth
Tom asked what I'm going to say.
They probably have
life that will lead you
by the
poem.
Who said
that said
is the one
you get
now they
have only one
big
theater
love
I hope only got
to
down
we're gonna
now we're all
hoping and saying
you got
to
be on the
track is the
most
we've got
it
ways
most
like
kids
and
you say
not 11
is what they
got
you to be
can't get any
rubber
that
oh
one
party
car
to be
you believe
what they say
like
the
car
the
one
full
as they
you
have
races
the
stereo
stands
for the
four
three
two
all the
election
of
we've
got
us
who
she's got
it
king
is
we've got
us
just
out on your
knees
we've got
us
in
jane
oh
she got
out
158
at 560
we're almost done
baby
it seems like we just
sat down here
five minutes ago
five hours ago
no
you
this one
blowing by today
man
anyway so
mad dog
he really
is
he was just
telling me
tommy
braids
coming down
after the super
ball
and i said
i'll come back
for that
i'll say
tommy
pretty
mouth
real
good
guy
mad dogs coming up
next
he's not
escaped
they were
hosted
outside
but he finally
managed to
he'll be on
he's left
336 votes
on our pool
should q-ambring
i'm just going to lie
about everything
it seems to be the q-am
fn-y
in fact mad dog he wanted to
know what the deal was
with joan bow
and mo
it was a
mo joan bow deal
mo one here today
did we ever find out why
no i sure hope he's okay
suspended i heard
i heard he had with
suspended
that's why i heard by
arab
i heard he borrowed
lyric king's
suspended
aliens
and uh he
in fact he's going to be on the first
man's mission
and so they're getting them all cranked up and
looted up ready to go
they're trying to figure out a way to make his bag
not freeze out there in out of space
anyway so mo wasn't on with gildi
gildi was on the low and started a little bit gidi
about the whole thing to be honest with
gidi end
and gidi and gay
and then of course bow is on instead of jo
and making up all kinds of stories about how joe was
suspended for somebody said on the air
just a lot of silly crap and sort of mad dog
you know like that
that same old defost stuff again you know
don't keep going to the well too many times
especially after that for all business
and speaking of for all what a great segue
look at that
three hundred and thirty six votes
when do we put that pull out there about eleven
forty
there about hour and twenty minutes three
hundred and thirty six votes
wow that is sensational
that's caused for all listening a lot of
emotion wouldn't you say he'll be in town tomorrow
for all's going to be on the ear tomorrow
oh yeah i mean yes yes here
we're ten to two
all right
three hundred thirty six votes you can bring for all
back hundred and thirty say please
tomorrow no way he sucked eighty one i love it
but uh... wouldn't last sixty six
and who the hell is scuff or else fifty nine
bye bye bye
then you'll rest your show on five
six million qa
my name for learning
million dollar talent
ten set brain
