I'm sorry, sorry.
You've seen him on Channel 7 News.
First, as a two-bit reporter.
Now, as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Fevekar and Mary Kay Combine,
Rick Sanchez-Payne.
Here are the dozen tones of the men who brought you crunch act, Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez-Payne.
Rick Sanchez-Payne.
Rick Sanchez-Payne.
Rick Sanchez-Payne.
Rick Sanchez-Payne.
Rick Sanchez-Payne.
I accept you as a pressure student from God.
It's a really tough call.
What was the most depressing thing over the weekend and into today?
Hurricane Gene.
The dolphin tragedy last night at P.P. Park or turning on your TV this morning and see
Ricky Tiki Sanchez sitting in the co-anchor seat on the piano.
That bit of for me.
I mean, that is just unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
Anyway, here's the deal.
25-11-560 WQM.
The hopper is back.
Casey Warrantlisten on Friday.
And I heard a little bit of Hank as a matter of fact when he first came on.
I bet you a lot of people were doing the see what he had to say.
He said a lot of nice things about the man dog and about me and about even the big,
and the any-cane everybody else.
And the family's mutual hopper were delighted, ecstatic, and you back.
So you look at that lineup today.
It looks almost like a real radio station, don't it?
Part ne'er, don't up.
You got mad dog at two, the hopper at four.
And then the Marlins on Vex' 630.
Marlins at the expose.
Marlins kind of like folded a little accordion style here toward the end.
But that's where it goes.
And then of course 80K at 10.
I guess the Marlins just didn't want to show up the dolphin organization.
I think that might have been part of it.
So how many people do you think actually were there?
They bailed.
Josh Cordis told me that there were a whole bunch of people there in the beginning.
I didn't see the first quarter of the game last night.
I watched the rest of it with great joy and amusement.
You tell me that the place was pretty packed in the beginning?
Yeah, I was.
I was surprised.
But as soon as it started coming down, everybody left.
As soon as the Lord unleashed the torn, because he's pretty peeled with the dolphin organization,
is probably everybody else's too, except those of us who aren't dog fans.
But it was a pretty grotesque.
And one just has to wonder how many more days, how many more hours, how many more minutes before the axe falls.
When you think that somebody's going to have to pay the piper?
Yeah, definitely.
Either that or maybe we'll bring Danny back for that PR job that he turned out.
That might do it.
And anyway, here's the pull from Friday.
And the good thing that Howard finally arrived, wasn't that kind of strange the way he arrived?
It was pretty buff.
Because usually he says, maybe he did that in response to the idea.
I really doubt it.
But the idea that we don't need him to say goodbye to everybody in the Manhattan and Brock's phone directly every day.
That was amazing.
Or maybe just still they ran out of gas.
We have a gas?
We're out of gas.
Anyway, we did the pull on Friday and it'll take me the extra minutes that we got back from stern today to just read the whole result.
What's your all time favorite bouquet of favorite bouquet bride comedy, Britt?
Now let's see, the one here, the, where is it?
Boca-brime blows or whatever, the negative hostel.
Where is that?
Well, here it is.
65 people said, Boca-brime blows 3.4% of this audience who don't know their crap with no sense of humor who are just trying to be sour.
This, that typical South Florida sourness, no matter what you ask, it's always a negative kind of response.
That's not too many, really.
Out of almost 1900 vote.
President Dumschmit, 324, that was numero-uno.
I guess we'll have to play that shortly.
Please.
Condoleezza 292, which we will not be playing that one original one anyway, surely or any other time.
Sitting on a bench in Del Rey, 2.15.
My religion's better than your 161.
Weapons of ash destruction, 108.
Ibonus graduates, 85.
Howard gets raped at 67.
Well, by the way, how's Modo in it?
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Oh, no, we'll see him no more.
No more.
Restitution song, 63.
Marty Feldman, Ion 56.
The Ibonus name game, 42.
You didn't even think I was going to put that on there.
I know.
They love that.
There it is.
Father O'Toole, 36.
Most Temple and Geldy Stevens, 35.
The Ginger and Mogue union, 34.
Won't be here in that one again soon.
Sodom Hussein is a mother f***er, 32.
The M.U.S.A., and then someone can't even read the titles of the songs.
That's how bad things have gotten in your America.
The game USA27.
The Bokasong 26.
Had with bye bye, Geldy 26.
Tar Baby 23.
Speaking in tongues, 22.
I don't think we better talk too much about tongues, just get real upset.
Geldy 20.
How you doing, Geldy?
How's that hockey season coming?
Armchair Warrior 14.
Elian Gonzalez 14.
The Virgin Mary's got 13.
Lucky 13 for the Virgin Mary.
Tallahassee Nazi 12.
We got him, 11.
Watch your back, sack 9.
The Joe and Bocho 8.
I don't think I played that guy.
I don't think so, though.
Screw us again, only 7.
That to me is an infamy.
It is absolutely unacceptable.
What they'll maybe they just aren't used to yet.
Ramadan 6.
What starts very soon?
What day does Ramadan start?
It's coming.
Let me check what Jewish calendar.
Elian Park 6.
Moen Joe 5.
Poitville Vains 5.
Poitville Vains should have a better net.
There was a massive piece with your assistance on it.
My ass.
Nazi Party 5.
Secular Humanist Pig 4.
See you in the showers for child collar 3.
At least everyone of these got at least one vote.
Bo got the power 1.
I don't even know what that is.
Open it up to anyone.
Queer street 1 and Cecil's on that one.
I'm not playing any bits.
I only got one vote.
I don't know if it's like 2000 votes.
I'm not going to play it.
See, that's where your judgment sometimes.
Now, are we doing both of these breaks?
Yeah.
Good.
I like the assertive way they're jester that yeah.
Or not, we can do whatever the hell we want basically.
Because it's kind of Lucy Goosey, you know.
Remember, and always the Clint East would move in time this before me.
She used the, who was she?
She was like the PD of that radio station.
Who was that old bag that played that role?
Somebody well known.
Was it Lauren McCall?
It might have been.
Yeah, I think it was Lauren McCall.
And she was describing a jazz format of the show.
That's kind of a Lucy Goosey.
Lucy, 20 before 11 at 560 W.
You can't help but everybody is safe and sound got your electric back from F.P.N.L.
And yeah, that's true.
We four bastards up there in Palm Beach.
They'll teach you to live up there with Theresa LaFour and those old goofballs and cemetery
villains who voted for Pact Buchanan.
I'm telling you, man, the Lord is pissed off with Florida and you better not make the
same mistake again.
You better not let it be close enough again.
You better have a carry win by about at least 10-15 points this time to make sure that they
can't steal it again.
They can't screw us again.
Because the Lord, you know what I said?
He's got a little bit bad aim, but he gives bang in those things back into your back.
Even like Ivan, he brought it all away back for another go round.
Remember that?
I did.
Everybody thought it anywhere out and they and he sucked you right back in again.
If I can say that.
Can I say it?
No.
When you shop for quality footwear, great selection and professional serviceers is true that
people love it.
It's been around for a coon's age and that's Brandy's shoes in Palm Pato Beach.
Even if you don't live near Palm Pato Beach, it's worth rather over there because they've
got the unbeatable combination of the best selection, the best service and of course unbeatable
prices all the time, including special sales every week.
At Brandy's, you'll find the top names in his shoe business.
Not any off brands, they got only the top names, Rock Ports, Flour Shrine, SAS, Spirit,
Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more.
Brandy's is open every day, Mondays, who Saturday from 9 to 9.
Sunday's 10 to 5 and you'll find Brandy's at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Palm Pato
Beach this week.
It's the right time to buy Rock Ports, which is one of the most derby loved names in
the shoe business.
All this week at Brandy's because all great men's and women's Rock Ports styles are 20%
off this week.
So be sure to come to the store or visit him online at Brandy's shoes dot com.
This is the best spot for the best.
This is the best spot for the best selection.
This is the best spot for the best selection.
This is the best spot for the best selection.
This is the best spot for the best selection.
This is the best spot for the best selection.
This is the best spot for the best selection.
This is the best spot for the best selection.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
Here you're right.
You're right.
Come and see if this is for you.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on
Come on.
Well, this is your bed.
a bit built to gars. That's not a bulk of it now. Oh, it's not. No, it's one of my favorites.
Yeah, me too. All right. The original one that we can't play no more. We're good down here.
We're fine. Excellent. Nice talking to you. Bad down the hatches, baby. Go, Adolphins. Go fish.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. Oh, wait till you're in this. This is going to get you a little depressed.
I don't want to start out. You have the hurricane and that bugging last night. A lot of other things.
I don't want to be negative to it, but oh, here's the uphold today before we get into Jimmy Carter,
what he has to say about the election upcoming. What's the greatest problem? The world faces today.
That's our poll. Now you might want to add some of this on here, but I think we got some.
I got some pretty good ones on here. Let's see. Religious fanaticism. I'll give you the order we got
on here now. We got the 27 say religious fanaticism. The greatest problem out of the first 62 votes.
George W. Bush, 21, overpopulation of five, AIDS, five, starvation, three, global warming, one.
Now some of you would say, well, starvation and overpopulation, that's the same. No, it's not.
Right. All those people starving in Africa, we could feed them no problem at all. Do we want to feed them?
No. No. Do we really care about them? No. We care about them as much as we care about the 1500 plus
people who died in Haiti in the hurricane days ago. Not at all. You want to know what they
have in common? They're black. Oh, you can't say that. I just did. That's we don't care about
black people in this world. Very sad. If those people starving to the earth over there in Africa
were white, you better believe there would be everybody in the world would be singing songs and
raising money and going crazy, but then nobody gives a flying crat. Oh, isn't it terrible? We got
genocide again and we got ethnic cleansing. Well, two bad. They're all dying in the starving.
And we had over 1500 people dying in Haiti. And everybody kind of said, oh ain't that a shame?
Yeah, I'm hard. Never seen that. Right? Yeah. We like here is
holding arrangements in Florida do not meet basic international requirements and could undermine
the US election former US president Jim Acadris is from a plane's Georgia and his brother is still
I understand that Jimmy goes and visits his brother's grave and tickles every now and then out.
Just so the Billy can like feel at home down there. Yeah, keep it warm. He said a repeat of the
irregularities of the much disputed 2000 election which gave president Bush a narrowest of
highly disputed wins seems likely. Oh my god. Can we go through that again? Well, I always
asked that question in Florida. We got through so much crap. There's no embarrassment factor
anymore. I guess we could. Mr. Carter a veteran observer of polls worldwide. I thought I was a
veteran observer of polls worldwide. Also accused Florida's top election official of bias. Uh oh.
Recent opinion polls give Bush a lead to Mr. Curie of between three and nine percent. So that says here well again.
And another point about those polls is they're not pulling the poor people. They're not pulling
young people. They're not pulling a whole by don't don't let that fool you as Michael Moore points out.
We'll get him later on in an article in a Washington Post. Mr. Carter wrote that reforms agreed after
the last word and Florida been marred by counting problems had not yet been implemented. He accused Florida
of the Secretary of State Glandau Hood a Republican of trying to get the name of independent
presidential candidate Ralph Nader recloved on the ballot which he accomplished by the way knowing
that Nader will divert divert democratic votes. A fumbling attempt has been made recently to
disqualify twenty two two thousand African Americans likely Democrats but only sixty one his
Spanish like likely Republicans as leds felons twenty two thousand African Americans sixty one
Hispanics. That's kind of close. Right. Mr. Carter said Florida governor Jeb Fadass Bush
brother of the president had taken no steps to correct these departures from principles of
fair and equal treatment or to prevent them in the future. It is unconsumably said is absolutely
unconsumable to perpetuate fraudulent or biased electoral practices in any nation he added with
reforms unlikely at this late stage. Perhaps the only recourse will be to refocus maximum public
scrutiny on suspicious process and Florida. So here we go again. Oh my god.
On a lot of 30th Thursday to right there in a Gablesman we've got to bait number one.
You're going to be glued to it? Yes I will. And this is it. This is Carrie's big best
chance. See it's an evening close. Carrie should be like thirty points ahead I would say.
Not third man. But again America unfortunately because of the media because of their lack of
education because their Denver then saw us. They're the only people in the world that I know
you can't see it. It's a matter of fact I got an article here. What the hell is it?
Americans are Denver than posts by Ben Roberts. It was on our website. I think I might get to it
the later on. I will have well we got a few minutes here today actually.
Almost I would say like three and a half hours not too bad right? Right. Got the Humper back
today. Got the Dolphins going to have one hell of an ass kick in season. But at four age eight
touchy freely man. Don't you almost like feel sorry for him Josh. Not really. You don't? No.
I would I feel sorry for him. Because his offensive line doesn't give any protection on he was
getting a hammered last night. I mean hammered huh? Well he threw his fair share interception.
Oh no I'm not in that. Wait a minute you're you're confusing the question. I'm not saying that
he's good which he's not. I'm just telling I'm just saying that he is good and he's been put out
there and we don't see Jay Feeler no more at all. So he's just been thrown to the lions as
basically what it boils down to. He can't help it that he's soft you know. They'll probably throw
Feeder out there sometime you know. I was expecting that last night when you were thought to think
like especially after he took that one shot when he got blindsided and sank and he didn't see
that coming with three picks on the first quarter. Yeah I thought he I'd see him at some point.
You thought you might have seen the adjure. Of course it was still pretty too close to a young
keeper.
Hey!
Sense of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphin.
Absolutely. Oh my god.
I'm dying on the hand.
My amy has the dolphins there the worst football teams. They flop the ball from goal to goal
like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control
and when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there that Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? Very true.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to flock. Their coaches ought to tell them to
but then day in their jocks then they would run much faster and even in the feet.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami. And there the Miami dolphins. Oh Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. No.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
That seemed that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 folks sitting in the
stadium. They watched it. They meant all they do is moaning, griping, bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got the piece so I'm rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have faith feedler that quarterbacks at you.
Run down the field and he will go up past it over you. I'll never win a super bowl you
should do. Be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was certain size in there.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teams in the league?
I hear the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
J calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush even pretzels. You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
Which viewers points and podcasts on my zingas of leaf fates.
They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Number. Oh what the hell.
Two Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Now they're through.
Oh oh oh.
What can we have to worry about in that playoff race he was singing about?
It's 11.03. If 5.60 WQM Wayne you've let your people down.
Maybe you have really scooted up for this time. The organization.
I mean you could blame the one said era.
We could blame the spielmeister or you could blame anybody else but the the buck stops here right at the ball spot.
Yeah if the fish are rotten to the head then if the fish thinks it's a head that's what it's all about.
I think it says bald head is where the problem is.
Anybody even doesn't care. Even George like I said Friday George knew
and he couldn't give a fly crap less about the dolphins he had a bell football
any kind of spectator sports and even he could have told you.
Right. It is going to be brutal baby.
It's going to be long and ponderous and agonizing and embarrassing.
Come on Wayne what are you waiting for maybe let's start seeing some heads roll.
Let's see the fur fly this week.
What do you think?
No. Yeah you would. Josh, Josh will correct you on that.
When you think that something's going to happen this week.
If not this week sometimes.
Like Dave Hyde writes another skid in column this morning which is fine you can write another
good one every week and just rip them and ask but that isn't going to get the job done just
writing skid in column. Something's got to change. Something's got to happen baby.
The once that era has to come to an end otherwise it's going to be the zaster when that
be ashamed. Now with all the important things going on in the world with all the serving people
in the hurricanes and all the tragedies and grotesque injustices of our times it's comforting to
know that your congress is really acting on the important issues. Ready?
Already. In a vote with election year consequences the House of Representatives sought to assure
that God's 50 year place in the Pledge of Allegiance will be safe from federal court challenges.
Oh my God. That's the one you're God. The bill approved on a 247 to 173 vote through
his day would prevent federal courts including the Supreme Court from ruling on whether the words
under God should be stricken from the pledge. This is the kind of crap that your goody-touches
pandering right wing Bible thumping ask holes are involved in. We can say that ask. That's with a
K. Okay. We can't? Okay. We'll call up that's with a K. Ask. Ask. Ask. Pools.
Wow I got another one. How about since most of our bunch of old trolls how about ask. Pools.
All right. Nothing wrong with that. No until Joyce calls. He says oh we can't say that.
Well I'll say whatever I want. Okay. Bitch. Coming up. The legislation drew strong protests from
Democrats who said they want under God to remain of course because that's PC but few of the
major resident unconstitutional attack on the judicial branch they said it was mainly to force
them into a controversial vote just six weeks before the election. I mean you don't want to
virtually no chance of clearing the center this year but the issue was important to conservatives
and tenting getting lawmakers on the record on top of social issues such as game marriage
and flag-voining in a similar vote in July the House voted I mean how stupid how much of a moron
you have to be to get sucked into such crap such obvious I mean you have to be you have to be so
stupid that they won't even let you shop at Walmart. Now is that stupid or what? That's pretty stupid.
Not only won't they even allow you to shop and to watch your spirit of all it's in the audience
that's how stupid you have to be to buy into this wolf crab. Oh no they're just a good godfaring folks.
In a similar vote in July the House voted to prevent federal courts from ordering states to
recognize same-sex union sanctioned in other states supporters said state judges and not
unlike a federal judge you should have jurisdiction of whether children should use the words
under God when they recite the pledge or back to now they're in favor of states rights again
see what it comes to gain right no but now what it comes to God oh yeah state you have to write
or medicinal pot laws or anything like that right or vote on a for you many federal judges have
made no secret their hostility to traditional values and religion the public square said House
majority leader the anxious fascist Tom Delay of Texas said who ought to be behind bars by the way
in June the Supreme Court dismissed on the technicality a 2002 federal court decision that the
religious reference made the pledge unconstitutional but represented they've taught Aiken
the Republic of Missouri who worked the legislation before the House 30 predicted that if the
issue we chair to the high court only three justices would support retention of the under God
phrase if the court allowed a strike religious reference we will have emasculated the very hard
of what America has always been about I thought it could have fooled me I thought America was
supposed to be all about pluralism and you can believe or not believe and be whatever crappy
law or not is the case may be but don't confuse these Republicans with a man shut up atheist like
and a matter of fact if you look at the poll results so far take a puke at that man
the biggest problem facing the world right now even a child could take the correct answer
well it's one of the two out of the first hundred and fifty five votes religious fanaticism oh my god
fifty two George W. Bush 56 which I see tremendous crossover there don't you cross
that overpopulation 18 hope don't like that on the poll aids eight starvation six global warming five
oh yeah only five are worried about global warming all those hurricanes you just went through
and all the other ones that are coming for the next one they say ten years twenty five years
hundred years get used to it oh there's no sex thing is global warning it's just another
liberal county can go plot look for the Q.A.M. van right now at the Chevron states that
university and Peters roads and plantation right by where that great restaurant Il Malini used to
be remember that yep there's still no Malini move on there for a lot of the likes of the gateway
cinema but there's no more Il Malino out there by me at university and Peters road but there
is a Chevron state right here I know exactly where it is just before five ninety five stop by to
pick up movie passes to catch the latter forty nine tomorrow if he fountains eight theater
and yes they have gas too how do you like that says on the promo yes they're not out of gas
they got gas and if you drive in there and linger around long enough you'll probably smell it
let's see going back to this story here the democrats said to build with damage
the system of judicial review that's been fundamental government for two hundred freaking years
we're playing with fire here we're playing with national unity of this country by letting each
state make its own interpretation of constitutional law said fat representative year old nader
democrat in New York you ever see him no it's fat boy look like mini mouse this bill is a dramatic
assault on the courts and individual rights wrapped in phony patriotism said the Reverend Barry
Lynn executive director of americans united for separation of church and state democrats said
in eight hundred three supreme court decision which the court asserted its role as the arbiter
what the constitution says but the republicans said the constitution of the high court of written
no jurisdiction only in cases affecting foreign officials are when the state is involved
in other appellate cases he can tend to courtes have congressional regulations in other words
thoughts strangle the supreme court because that we know they're going to hold away we don't like
they're not going to suit our purposes now here's something that might suit your purpose
sex in the city is taken on a whole new meaning for Cynthia Nixon
the actress who just won any for a role as Miranda Hobbes and hit HBO comedy is in a relationship
with another woman oh my god a source who works with Nixon told the a and p on friday
i took pride to prefer a law clause to the a and p myself the New York Daily News and the New
York Post reported friday that Nixon has been dating woman since January the woman is
neither in the public eye or living with Nixon wonder what how come we never heard any more about
that makes really baseball player that was living with some guy remember that no yeah you do get
out of here we will not confirm or deny anything Nixon's publicist Carrie Ross told the a p well
i think when you say we won't confirm or deny that means right right my private life is private
Nixon told the Daily News but at the same time i have nothing to hide so what i will say is that i'm
very happy the actress split or hangout huh we're happy for her we're delighted well she's uh the
actress flit in June 2003 with photographer in her high school sweetheart Danny Moses whom she'd
been with for 15 years but never married they now share custody of their two children so she
must get on something see what i'm saying yeah she's not a member of the
current whistle and speaking of that what kind of commercial break was that last break that we
just had on there i don't know what he talking about i don't know if you were paying any attention
that but there's Tommy doing things back to back side by each the first one talking about savory
handful pork mm-hmm and then we go right into a spot about premature ejaculation right one
week to the other if sex in the city where to be believed the revelation would have been more
expected from Kim Contrals character Samantha who has many many TV conquest included one woman
Nixon's lawyer character was the cool of the professional debunch all over boss mr.
Kofrey Lesbian the first season sitar for the woman resulting in a single kiss but Miranda never
doubted further and ended up married to her bartender boyfriend after two previous nominations
Nixon thirty one any this year for a performance on the each beat show she's working on Tanner on
Tanner yeah Tanner on Tanner and since you guys are in the Tanner building you're pretty sensitive
and concerned about this a Robert Albany Gary Trudeau miniseries for the some dance channel Tanner
on Tanner i'm not touching that one you wouldn't no i sure as hell wouldn't i seen it
12 minutes after 11 at 5 p.m. w.w.m. right now Armstrong for the homestead wants to clear their
lots and sell off all remaining 0 for is here just some of the great deals and 0 for F-150 pickup
you pay just a dollar over invoice new offer explorers you pay just a buck over invoice
rangers crown vifts toruses and focuses all waiting for you at just one single peso one dollar
over invoice only at Armstrong for the homestead plus Armstrong for the offer is more
valued with loyal customers when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford you get their exclusive
tires and batteries for life program you heard me right tires and batteries for life the value
you get Armstrong Ford doesn't even stop there because right now they continue to give you a
free Ford or some pass with any vehicle you buy there if you're pressed for time Armstrong
Ford knows your time is valuable especially with all her came running around and stuff and going
on so just give them a call and shop by phone call 305 247 51 12 247 512 and they'll even deliver
that new vehicle right to you Armstrong for the homestead locally owned and operated they'll
feature just like family and I guarantee you that you won't get a better deal on the Ford
anywhere no bait no switch no pony deals Armstrong for the homestead at 307 25 South Fixey Highway
just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 check them out of the web Armstrong cars calm and then
you drive a little and save a ton on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead
you're listening to Neil Roger
you're listening to Neil Roger
on 566 888
oh my great evening news I do on CBS most every night but now they're striped because of a report
I read the other night my name is Dan Rather
somebody called me up and took my time he said I've got some bird on voice and I said fine
imagine how it's trying to change things and it's fine because I'm Dan Rather
I don't think that George Bush is telling the truth about his life
when you watch me I'll be good-finding the proof he's telling lies
he invokes you shit and what should mean no matter if the Daniel Roger
Reese if one of us is God
it don't be if he believed because I'm Dan Rather
uh uh that's some PSA
good uh uh uh yes I am Dan Rather
I'm trying to have a hand right thing to send a laugh
uh uh because I'm Dan Rather
uh just don't know how they're laughing
uh uh because I'm Dan Rather
1118 at 560 4 Dan you know he's had a rough couple of years
yes yes 208 votes on the pool and the religious nuts are having a rough time with our crowd
and it's good religious fanaticism the biggest problem in the world today 80 out of 6
George W. Bush right on the religious nuts ass and of course he's one of them 71
he's the spokesman over population 27 global warming 9
AIDS 8 and starvation 7 speaker and spokesman I had some real good fortune this weekend
yeah well first a bad part the phone rang at about 6.30 Friday evening
right guess who it was how many guess it do I get one
hi there you go the rim man who was of course in town
yeah that was the bad part okay the good part was I said well when you leave
and oh Sunday morning I said well I have a great trip but I say trip back to Columbus
I mean it was a little bit longer than that but not too much in other words you know I just uh
I'm not interested in buying people meals anymore you know what I'm saying but what do you say
I'm saying bye bye have a safe big trip back to Columbus they're already back there
safe and sound that's good dogma fans take good cure of rumor good thing you got away from that
panther organization just in the kittin baby just in the nick of time before the lockout all
this other fall to roll this chaser I started down March 17 2004 mobbs of Iraqis broken away
USIA's surgery and burned over 10,000 pictures of George W Bush initially designed to
hang in the newly liberated Iraqi schools and government offices is a token of appreciation
by the Iraqi people to the leader of their liberators the statement from you yeah they're
literally they got to replace all those people who are engaged by decarbonation like those little
men where women and children that just got injured and killed in those latest bombings
they're like you know sometimes there's that collateral damage you know right anyway a report from
a French news agency in the case that British officers put up a salvage the Bush picture in their
mess and used it as a dartboard until senior officers abruptly ordered to move they will show
and darts that I'll president they shame on them shame on them return only hope they had with aim now
here's an article that's on our website so I'd like to let the people vent today about the hurricane
and the series of hurricanes and also about the dolphin game like that they have lots of
end-of-one we have much time so I don't want to sit here reading bedtime stories all three and
I flowers but I just want to read like a few paragraphs from one it's a very long story with
that I wouldn't I wouldn't dare attempt to read this whole thing on here because then I would
even go into a coma but it's on a website it's from the UK guardian you won't be reading it in
a hero to the Sun Central or the New York Times probably or any of those newspapers or the Washington
post even or the Chicago Tribune or the LA Times or the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle or Times Union
how or the Detroit Free Pressor news how Bush's grandfather helped Hitler's rise to power
so I'm just going to read a couple paragraphs it's an eight page story you can read it on a
website and you can either you know you know it's just a bunch of propaganda or you can say holy crap
George Bush's grandfather the late US Senator Prescott Bush was a director and shareholder of
companies that profited from their involvement with the financial backers of Nazi Germany
the guardians obtained confirmation from newly discovered files in the US National Archives
that a firm of which Prescott Bush was director was involved with the financial architects of
Nazism his business dealings which continued until his company's assets were seized in 1942
one of the trading with the enemy act is led more than 60 years later to a civil action for
damages being brought in Germany against the Bush family by two former slave laborers at Auschwitz
and the way a home of pre-election controversy hmm the evidence is also prompted one former US
Nazi war crimes prosecutor to argue that the late Senator's action should have been grounds for
the prosecution for giving aid and comfort to the enemy the debate over Prescott Bush's behavior
has been bubbling under the surface for some time there's been a steady internet chatter about
the Bush Nazi connection much of it inaccurate and unfair but the new documents many of which were
only declassified last year show that even after Merck had entered the war and when there was
already significant information about the Nazis plans and policies Prescott Bush worked for
and profited from companies closely involved with the very German businesses that finance Hitler's
rise to power it's also been suggested that the money he made from these dealings helped to
establish the Bush family fortune and set up its political dynasty sounds like the candidates huh
yeah except they were boot laggers yeah but it also Joe Kennedy never met a Nazi I didn't like either
well they were snappy dressers don't you know that's true but anyway there's a little
of tease for it from an eight-page story that's on our website the headline how Bush's grandfather
helped Hitler's rise to power from the UK Guardian how come the American media's that report
on stuff like this huh just like for the same reason that CBS Schmidt Candidate Story last
not on 60 minutes there was supposed to run which I had that story for you on Friday about how they
backed out oh well the political timing would seem yeah all they got is egg on their face now
because of the Dan Rather business so rather than run the most important story on there they wound
up but taken crap for the other thing because they because of them documents about Bush in
the National Guard and the important story about how we relate into the war based on a final lies
any yellow cake any rating in a partridge in a pair of three well that would never got on there
just absolutely unacceptable the way the media caves in in a way the Karl Roevin
are right wing are manipulating and they all have to boost up along sounds like something
out of Nazi Germany to me mr. Bush they have days W.Q.A. and hello
yeah with a second pick in a 2005 draft the dolphins went
hello that's not like Bino W.Q.A. and hello
Leo yes sir how are you listen hello yes I'm sorry I got very sensitive
staying on the topic of our religion be one of the big problem Bill Maher brought up a very good point
he said that maybe in our country or the United States freedom could be number one in our
priority list but in Iraq before freedom before anything else comes religion and if you give them
the option of having a satan will stay back in power or having the system walk down the
street in ministry Bill wants a satan will stay back but you agree with that or not yes
can you hear what they got now you bet absolutely and everything how are you
turned a bit a soundbite of jet bush telling the people how the good side of the hurricanes
you hear that Martin Harrod he said that on the bright side of good part of the hurricane is
coming that if you're in the roofing business you will have good business for the next two years
I don't know don't forget the people in a mortuary business probably going to benefit
to express the over there like in Haiti not a black ass man how do our governor baby what do you
expect how do these people get away with this it's also the same thing with bush because
this is the same fat ass governor by the way that had devious plans to subvert the will of
the electorate on the class size of course not only this they they they said the bar so low
especially for George Bush that I guess it'll be considered a success during the debate is
like if he doesn't swallow a tongue you know the end of the century right he doesn't swallow his
tongue start drooling all over and choke it on pretzel so we can see the big winner you got
a man heading right there good luck out ballet say goodbye I think the jet bush ought to be a
lot more concerned about ass size than class size myself our fat ass governor off God is
you a piece of crap but you folks love him maybe it's there's something about fluid
they just a bunch of massacres we love we they just love me admissible and making everybody
else miserable too but don't forget take a whole bunch of poor people and dark people and
five people and all these people to vote on election day even if they're like illegal aliens
or whatever George is going to vote a few times this year first time right so we're all my dead
kin excellent 26 past 11 at five 60 WQ and this is one those times after a series of punishing
hurricanes they might need some help fast thankfully dollar macris delivers the same day all across
South Florida when you call 1 800 macris you'll pick from the deepest and the widest elected betting
all available for same day delivery call 1 800 macris right now for factory direct prices and
immediate delivery and as always you still get to pick the date and time that two hour window
to fit your schedule what it's convenient for you and dollar macris shows up on time 99.7%
of the time. Dallas macris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction they were winners of
the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award and when you call that number 1 800
macris you can still choose from the top line of the top names in the business see me sir to king
whorel simons temperateic even stirons and foster you with everybody with a brain is doing
it's the easiest piece of shopping you can ever think of don't get ripped off in those betting
and department stores there's always a lot of gas and time slept in all over town comparison
shopping because the best prices and the best deal all the way around is waiting for you just
making one easy call 1 800 macris check a lot of the web if you like first at matris.com and then
make that call 1 800 macris 1 800 MATT R E S
make it up, make it up, make it up, make it up, you perk
if you choose to stay then you must be insane perk
you wish to trade the park was full of no-oys off perk
you
better run, better run, better run perk
he only got the beans you will chance me perk
he says he was in need while he's alive on the scene perk
he is not, he is not, he is not, he is not, he is perk
getting a little bit pondless i would imagine at this point
it's about up in the bin there to share this one with you but that's just the way it goes
yeah
i'm hoping that there is something going to be 75 today no humidity, no hurricanes
we're not even getting the ass end of this hurricane like we did with Francis two days of
maskey rain not even getting the ass end although i wouldn't be surprised if you were a house
blows away after north kira line up you were what doesn't spirit we could feel it
no i was not because it's going to make that sharp right turn right over to the kira line is
there must be something that guys pissed off about the kira line is too in fact that's probably
the song he's singing right now nothing could be finer than blow away north kira line and maybe
stop kira line as well so a little more bug won't be even on too bad maybe susan smith is who he's
after i'm going to read the davide column you know what it's so good and it's just even though
i really don't care about the dolphins i take great joy in their misery and suffering
because they suck davide rights is called last week was skating and good but this
way i think they even outdo that he says couldn't run again couldn't pass again couldn't find
the end zone with a map and a sharper guide again i'm sorry that often said another night that
made you wonder if they can't beat a mediocre Pittsburgh team that started a rookie quarterback
and sped a hurricane alternate night in the hotel without electricity if they can't muster one
against this team who can they and the team's attitude i wouldn't go to a game line back for
exact homicide after sunday 13 to three loss it's boring the way we've been playing the fans
out of boos the whole time we had some ugly games all three games ugly why would you even pay
for a ticket i wouldn't be said the good news before the first play last week 10 of the 11 offensive
starters were whistle per legal procedure before sundays first play only one was you detect the baby
steps of offensive progress of course after that penalty the dolphins started a stretch of stench
were in the first seven plays they had a fumble by tight end donaldi who was thought to be bench
after two holding penalties last week two interceptions actually one more quarterback a jf
he was also flagged for crossing the line and another illegal procedure penalty again by new
life tackle Damian McIntosh and now they've scored the fewest points 20 through any opening three
games of any season and they had a pump block three sacks of feeling and a fail four down
attempt where they couldn't get two inches to swing the game i mean come on we can't make two
inches dolphin coach Dave wants that said that's embarrassing embarrassing you fail you fall
down you should make two inches the dolphins instead just to calm down i don't want to say nothing
is going right for the dolphins but when they look to be getting good field position as a front
line in your midfield and one Edwards accidentally picked up all six yards backward i love that
that was great paid many through five touchdowns and a half someday the dolphins have thrown two
and three games feedie will get it all put on him you made plenty of bad plays competing 13 and
27 passes for 137 yards and had the two interceptions he also didn't get much help at times like
i said Josh on his first intersection feedie threw it up for receiver Chris chambers to
outside Christopher quarterback ike Taylor chambers didn't even make a play on a ball the first
half was bad because of the conditions feely said you can't throw in that weather rain son
night day the dolphins haven't shown an ability to throw in any kind of weather so far this season
they also haven't shown an ability to have any continuity on Sunday the again had three new
starters on offense not that quarterback Sam Madison take in feeling space after this game the
defense game did its job but Madison was beaten for a long first quarter pass then had a holding
penalty accentuated by personal foul then set a Pittsburgh's game submitting touchdown if we're
going to get it turned around this is where it's going to happen once that said division games
they have the New York Jets at home next week followed by the champion New England Patriots not
that they'll be favorite in those games and then they play at Buffalo i think we're improving line
back her moreland greenwood said not on the scoreboard not in the wind column not anywhere it counts
to make you see who they'll beat and how they'll do it in other words what Dave Hylies tried to say
and I said this on through the Friday and I how the hell are they going to be anybody maybe if
they could beat the bangles the girls team of the rookie girl quarterback maybe might be the
Steelers okay who went no great shakes and also have a girls the rookie quarterback and then
when I said Josh that's what you said did they beat him they didn't no no and you're looking
at schedule you think uh huh who is it on here the thing might just I mean oh and 16 I think
we'd all be seeing man we are really cursed down there I mean down here don't forget look for that
Q&M van right now as I speak it's at the chevron station in the corner of university and Peter's
wrote in plantation right near where Il millina used to be just a little kitty corner south of where
they planted the fountain shops are stop by to pick up movie passes to catch by the 49 of
Arthur fountain's a theater and yes they have gas at chevron five six seven oh five sixty it's
venting Monday pound five sixty under the residence singular wireless month yet when it got
better than out WQA and hello Neil yes sir good morning I have a comment and a question
question you what the point is he playing a song pony sail yeah let's do that one
I wish I put that one on the list the second thing is how many to add you to the injury
how much longer your man is gonna have to correct our date with during the football broadcast it must
be 10 to 12 to 15 times a game wrong player wrong player wrong attitude uh wrong play call wrong
this one that it's always something with with hard always forget your break you know all right
you know okay thanks a lot finally and the mad dog says it really starting to stick in that booth
to it at bank but anyway five he didn't really say that any five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the Verizon and singular wireless lines look at those phones baby what are busy put
their lives back together right WQA and hello sing that's it not a call so like I said I got 85
thousand bedtime stories because they don't get nothing to say to them huh nothing absolutely zero
on the day it's always this way in the day you think that they just be foaming at the mouth and
running off both sides they're invisible well they get they'll get around to what I see
they're starting to get around what's the greatest problem with the world today 3rd 18 facing the
world religious finances 138 crazy people of all of all shapes variety sizes George W. Bush 11
overpopulation 31 global warming 15 AIDS 12 and starvation 11 see it's great that it's only the
Muslim federal fundamentalist doors are the uh right the dangerous the other religions are good
thank God that the Christians and the Jews not the other they don't kill anybody and if you look
through history thank goodness they've never done it it's only a bunch of fundamentalist uh hysterical
Muslims shrapher heads wqa and hello never done no yes sir how you doing I'm doing great uh listen
I gotta I can't believe I just I just call that I'm you just pick it up yeah that's what works
a couple of points um first of all uh I'm a little bit nervous I'm sorry
but nevertheless um I was that I was evacuated this weekend and I was at my my
sister-in-law's and I had a I had a bootleg of a 3911 to show her and she was like no because you
know whatever the you know the democrats just could have just made that up and I go listen
there's back little by little macaw dot com and there's facts behind everything that he gets
how do I get people like that to uh you know to actually just see even if they vote you know
and here's the here's the here's the you should or what you should on this puts a masking tape
which you probably have tape around for the hurricane puts a masking tape over and out
tire up put her in a broom closet till November 3rd that's the safe way to do it we can't
afford to take the chance or one more thing uh there's that saying where there's no sense there's
no feeling yes I have to run out of mine why are you voting for Bush smart man I mean I mean
I'm supposed to smart man but mixed a lot of money says well you know what because he's a
born again christian I'll let you go with that oh hey how do you like that because he's a
born in Christ's course he's not he says he is yet but it was the lord that got him off the
bible there was the battle between the uh but there was it that bought the bottle out of my bottle
and daddy's heart or something like that 20 to a lunacy and if I speak to Michael lore we've got
a little piece on him he's gonna be doing some stuff
all right I'm
oh
Oh
so
do
I love you too.
I love you, I love you, I love you too.
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you too.
Do they get us over time?
While feeding us their guns?
I love you, I love you, I love you too.
Krishan Super Dir mit
Why would thisjuh not,
Join?
Mine?
Ah It's true, my ring won't leave me.
I think that was a magnificent ride. That was live by the way that the little track really
Very nice. I figured on it. I listen to a beef forehand during the break. I was going to talk to myself
I'm going to have to do this live. I sure as hell don't have time to do it
I'll take care of that little later on for future reference but I find that a fine job there.
So speaking of Michael Moore and whoever sent me the thing about this project I don't pay any attention to this project anymore.
So you can write, I don't have that thing on my, I don't check out that website anymore.
If I want to read fiction I'll go to the bookstore, the world's largest bookstore.
I will not pay any attention to right wing paranoid crap if he inspired by right wing lunatics,
Finance by right wing lunatics. So if you want the real news there's 80's in good websites on it.
Look at that ain't one of them. Anyway, Michael Moore longs to the 60's Swing State tour,
College and NBA aren't in 20 battlegrounds, states of future live on stage.
Oscar winning filmmaker he plans to rally non-voters and slackers America's majority.
That's the good news. I started yesterday.
Calling in his slacker uprising tour in an effort to get millions of traditional non-voters to the polls on November 2,
the Oscar winning filmmaker of Fahrenheit 9-11 and number one best selling author Michael Moore announced that he will embark on a 60 city tour
to the 20 battlegrounds, states that started yesterday in Elk Rapids, Michigan and ending on election day in Tallahassee with a banjo on his knee.
Moral be appearing on college campuses and there are tutorials, arena statements in field houses,
Penn State University of Arizona, University of Florida among others, NBA arena Seattle and hockey arena Toledo.
Nearly that's where the blades playing, case you wondering?
Oh yeah, not the gay blades, just the Toledo blades. Nearly all venues will hold between 5 and 15,000 people with students historically the largest block of non-vosant presidential elections,
admitted for free in most events, and some events on students will pay five bucks for nominal charge to cover cost and Michael's meals.
Moore shows a consist of his monologue, interaction with the audience, and a few surprise guests,
he'll read letters he's received from soldiers in Iraq published in his new book,
will they ever trust us again, letters from the war zone, offer prizes for people who register to vote and conduct the world's largest karaoke sing-along to John Ascroft's let the eagle soar.
At many venues, Moore will show as yet unseen clips from his Fahrenheit 9-11 DVD,
that we released October 5, and give everybody a present chance to win their own pet goat.
It should be a lot of fun, said, more most Americans don't vote, it's not all that hard to understand,
so what I'd like to offer them is some incentives to give it a try just as once.
The 50% of where the non-voters are never called by pollsters and are usually ignored by candidates,
should just a few percentage points to the 100 million non-voters decided to show up November 2, watch out!
Moore said his goal is to see that over 56% of the voting public votes in election,
something that hasn't happened since 1968.
It's not the wealthy and the elite who don't vote, added more than non-voters,
or the poor, that this in franchise, the single moms and young people,
I'm calling for a non-voter uprising led by thousands of campus lakers who probably sleep till noon
and who believe that papers are for rolling not reading.
They're rightfully cynical, but this year the motto will be,
Bush and Kerry both suck, that's why I'm voting for John Kerry.
With a number of venues up, yeah, with a number of venues already sold out,
over 600,000 people are expected to show up on his tour,
even Moore will see his film for a night 9-11, which will be shown the most campuses before his arrival.
In a warm up to the tour, 10,000 people last night were able to get into the career-domain Syracuse for Moore's appearance
with thousands more being turned away due to lack of seats.
Early word of Moore's tour has already sparked protests by campus Republicans
and two schools have already caved to pressure to cancel his event.
I understand why some Bush supporters might be upset more, but I would be too
if I only had a few weeks left in power.
And it's got all the cities that he's been visiting, including these in Florida,
Gainesville, Miami, Boca Raton, Orlando, Fort Lauderdale,
Palahancy, Jacksonville, and Tampa.
How do you like that?
I like that.
You go, Mike. You go, fat boy.
Nova Scotia becomes the sixth Canadian province and a territory to allow same-sex marriage.
After waiting 20 years for the right to get married, Brian and Ron Garnett do set.
Oh, sounds like a frog to me.
Wasted little time Friday after Nova Scotia joined a growing list of provinces
to recognize same-sex unions.
Fiiiiming!
The two men walked hand in hand to a municipal office to apply for marriage license
just 90 minutes after a Nova Scotia Supreme Court justice ruled a couple
of them partners for the last two decades could legally wed.
It's time, said Ron Garnett do set, 42. Garnett do set.
We waited 20 years for it.
I knew it was eventually going to come on ecstatic hits today, he said.
In August, the Garnett do sets were among three couples who asked justice
Heather Robertson to rule on the contentious issue of same-sex unions.
On Friday, Robertson ruled that definition of marriage in the province for civil purposes will now be
the lawful union of two persons, the exclusion of all others.
She also ruled that the marriages of same-sex couples who wed outside Nova Scotia
would be recognized in the province.
The couples appreciate our application wasn't opposed by the federal or Nova Scotia governments.
Ontario, British Columbia, Quebec, the UConn and Anatol also law same-sex marriages.
The trend is clear other provinces need to respect that and stop getting in the way said this one, that one, what are some of these queens?
Justice Minister Michael Baker said Friday would be a waste of taxpayers' money to fight the same-sex challenge and it goes on and on.
There you go. The Canada continues moving with gigantic leaps forward and won't be long before a potpill gets a table.
Before they start to wad deal with that and smoke in it, well they're already smoking it. Big fat ones.
And just where you get that border, where you cross the border, you know where you make that big mistake and head south.
It's like going to the Stone Age again, not the Stone Age but the Stone Age back into the dark age.
It's just like this business with the FCC and we're finding CBS and we're finding all radio stations and we're passing more and more bills and San Brown back to the lunatic.
And this is your country man and just like I told you when they started with this crap long before, well it was the pressure that I spread forward.
When we started with the Janet Jackson, the Booby trap clamp, I just can't believe that America just sits back and I like that nobody cares.
Nobody cares, you only have a few groups that speak out. You've got people from the American way and this group and the rest of the public just sit back and just like he says they're eating their macaroni and cheese and they're eating all their trans fatty acids, which is probably rotting their brain and they're getting fatter and fatter and dying of oil clogged arteries and that's the end of that.
Nobody gives a crap. The age of protest and the Republican convention, there were no protestors out there and the Democratic convention had lost them and we had a few but there's nothing. There's really nothing going on like there used to be.
And talk about college campuses, man. Forget about it.
Just like all that business about Kerry and his approach and his speaking out against the word Vietnam when he came back, you know, he should be applauded for that. They should be giving him standing ovation.
They should be shrieking from the top of the rooftops about that he had the balls to see what went on over there, the atrocities that were committed all the way around and to come back and expose it.
Cooked gigantic cajons to do it. All in all he came back and he really pissed off the veterans who fought so hard over it. Right.
Man, and again, it's because America knows nothing about history. The punks you get it. You can't complain about the education America because generally speaking especially history, there is no need.
You know, that business about kids that no one were to find their even Florida or the kids from New York, you have them can't find New York on a map.
And that's supposed to be funny. Does that amuse you? Is that funny? It is funny because it's not my kid. It's pathetic, but it's not funny. It's tragic.
Anyway, you start to get a little bit and see that people just once you're a tough weekend with a hurricane and an adult being in last night which I think put them over the east.
And I'm getting like all that out of shape here as opposed to just yucking up a little bit. That's what they want is a few yucks maybe.
Yeah, and a few fart sounds. Let's play some of those. What the f***? Let's yuck it up a little bit.
Yeah, let's play a few fart sounds too. Not.
What's the greatest problem in the world? The world faces today. That's the full question. 388. Religious fanaticism 164 George W. Bush 143 who of course presides over the whole religious fanatic group in the US of A.
He's the cheerleader. He's the Bible thumper over population 37. How come it's only got 37? I mean, again, people are too stupid to understand it. I had anyway. Global Warming 15, AIDS 15 and starvation 14.
WQA and hello.
You don't understand it. Yeah, sir. Hey, how you doing? Too quiet?
They even have like licenses in hash bars. No, thank you. Yes, I know that. Oh, I'm not the question. And the second question is have you heard of the plan is Chicago to decriminalize and start handing out $250 tickets for possession under 10 ounces?
I'd grant that through and using may or daily as a chance to push that through. No, no, not a chance to help. Not a not a time of chance in hell, man.
Oh, I was going to move to Chicago. Okay, see it, man. Go away. Hey, it's beautiful. I you're like it there. Don't forget that Q and band. I keep reading these liners because I don't ever know when they give away. You know, they're all gone. You'll come to Winter God.
They were right. By the way, I was telling you when it's going. You know that article that you just read about Bush's grandfather helping raise the power. Someone's trying to send it to us now. 10 pages of it.
I just got through reading the first page and I said the whole thing. I said our website and go read it on the website. So why some jackball out there trying to send it to us. You any of ways in our fast paper. You more on you. You cymbal them.
Never fails. Anyway, look for that Q and band right now to Chevron State University and Peters Road in plantation. Stop by the plate. That's just like North of five 95 and university. You know where it is.
Yeah, stop. I'd have picked a movie passes to catch ladder 49 of Marthy, fountain's a theater. And yes, the good news is the Chevron Station also why to get those free movie passes.
Guess it up, baby. You are listening to Neil Rogers.
I'm five six years old.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q8 down.
I'm playing with the wiggle with the wiggle and the water.
I'm playing with the wiggle and the water.
What is love?
They give you the wisdom of the game.
I'm the new and funny family that's with the wiggle and the ball.
What is love?
Who do you prefer in this movie game?
Who do you prefer in this movie game?
That's with the wiggle and the water.
What a lovely and erasure.
Really not key of my key.
The fantasy die yet when it's tied back. It makes a look so sweet.
What is love?
It's death, growing up is holy death.
What's the good news?
Holy death.
That's with the wiggle and the water.
It's with the wiggle and the water.
It's with the wiggle and the water.
How's your family grave doing, by the way?
Just fine, I reckon.
Federal buffalo boy.
I haven't heard from Woody and Akun today speaking of opponent tales.
I guess he's one of the last pulled outs.
Mitch the wisdom have that ponytail anymore, did he?
No, he got rid of it a long time ago.
He's quite a close crop look now.
There you go.
And Jeff Cohen, who was the source for that song,
long since he's being ponytail.
I guess that was when he since long since the stop being our good buddy.
Just a joke, just relax, okay ponytail.
Trouble one at five sixty WQN.
That's when he started hanging around with Rimmer.
This was a story we had on a website on Friday.
It is so typical and so perfect for what we're talking about today.
Or what's on our pool anyway.
Republicans admit Maiden Campinglitter,
which you're saying that liberals will ban the Bible.
I mean, this is just how is it possible for there be so many dumb people
and so little freaking time, you know what?
The Republican Party acknowledged on Thursday,
sending mass mailings to residents of two states
warning that liberals seek to ban the Bible.
It said the Maillings were part of its effort to mobilize religious voters
for president Bush.
See, it stopped them to get the irony of all of this, okay?
These are the whole year that now crowd.
The people are better than all the rest of us,
better than us humans.
And what they do is lie a lot.
They get us into wars based on lies.
There are thousands and thousands and thousands of innocent people
who are dead and maimed because of lies.
And what's America concerned about?
They're concerned about Janet Jackson's booby.
The Maillings include images of the Bible labeled band
and of a gay marriage proposal labeled aloud.
The Maillings who Arkansas residents warns,
this will be Arkansas, if you don't vote.
A similar Maillings was sent to West Virginians.
A liberal religious group, the Interfaith Alliance,
circulated a copy of the Arkansas Maillings to report his lies
through a data publicsize it.
What they're doing is despicable, said Don Parker,
a spokesman for the Alliance.
They're playing on people's fears and emotions
and stupidity as well.
He left out.
In an email message, Christine Iverson H.
spoke some of the Republican National Committee
confirmed that the party had sent the maillings.
I'm going to read that sentence again.
Would.
In an email message, Christine Iverson H.
spoke some of the Republican National Committee
confirmed that the party had sent the maillings.
These are the maillings saying that if they elect John Kerry
and then the liberals, that they're going to do everything
they can to ban the Bible.
When the Massachusetts Supreme Court sanctions,
SAMHSA's marriage in people's other states
realized they could be compelled to recognize those laws.
SAMHSA's marriage became an issue, Ms. Iverson said.
The SAMH activist judges also want to remove the words
under God from the Pledge of Allegiance.
And what does that have to do with banning the Bible?
But nevertheless, the mailing is the latest evidence
of the emphasis Republicans are putting on
motivating conservative Christian voters to fall,
vote to fall, but as the appeals become public,
they also risk alienating moderate and swing voters
and editorial in September 22nd on the Charleston
Gazette West Virginia, for example, asked,
holy moly, who can cost this year, British?
I love that, holy moly.
Take the gun, leave the Camole.
There's a giveaway round.
Most Americans see morality more complexly, the editorial said.
Many think a higher morality is found in Christ's command
to help the needy prevent war and pursue other humanitarian goals.
Church goers of this sort aren't likely to believe
childish allegations that Democrats want a ban to Bible.
In a statement, Senator John Edwards said
that President Bush could then the practice immediately
until everyone associated with the campaign
never used tactics like this again.
That would be like using tactics of dictating
he's in it.
If John Kerry wins, the terrorists are going to like it.
We're definitely going to give hit again.
I have for him an executive director of the National
King and lesbian task force,
BAAAMING!
Called the maillains an only contrast to Mr. Bush's public statements,
although the president's called for a Constitutional
and banning same-sex marriage,
you often emphasize the need for tolerance as well,
because that plays better, of course, in peoria.
The president takes more or less the high roadness henchmen
to allies on the right have been let loose to conduct these ugly
devices of smear campaigns, Mr. Foreman said,
it's wedge politics at its worst.
In any event, the Bush campaign appears competent
about its religious appeal.
The mailing seeks to appeal to conservative evangelical
protest and parties and political leaders
who say they worry that legal rights for same-sex couples
could lead to hate crime laws that could be applied against
sermons of Bible passages criticizing homosexuality.
You talk about a strong reach, baby.
You talk about a real stretch.
Conservative Christian political commentators often cite
the case of eight green minister in Sweden who was jailed in June
for month of sermon denouncing Jesus' sinful.
Mr. Parker of the Interfaith Alliance said,
I think it is laughable to think that someone could be arrested
for reading out loud from the Bible.
A Richard Land president of Ethics and Religious Liberty
Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention argued,
we have the first amendment in this country which
should protect churches, but there is no question that this is
where some people want to go that reading from the Bible
could be hate speech.
Still, Mr. Land questioned that the assertion
Democrats might ban the whole Bible.
I wouldn't say it, he said, I think it's probably stretching
it a bit far.
Even Mr. Land be saying that.
There's stretching it over here is what he's saying.
A little bit too far, okay?
And if they stretch it too freaking far, it just might snap, okay?
Yeah, crap.
You're dealing with crazy people like I've been trying to tell you
for 100 years on this program, the more religious they are,
the crazier they are, the more religious they are, the more
dangerous they are.
567-0560, town 567-0560, and they've rising in singular
wireless line.
What are we going to do about those dolphins?
Now, the WDQA, WDQA, and hello.
AJ stands for another idiotic church.
WDQA, and hello.
Oakland Park in a mobile?
Let's go to Oakland Park in a mobile, hello.
Yeah, I'd like to address this game Mary's thing if I may.
Yeah, sounds like rubbing germs.
Oh, go ahead.
I'd like to address this game Mary's.
Yeah, it is.
567-0560, pound 567-0560, I think,
a rising in singular wireless line.
I thought AJ Dwy was okay back in the day.
I bet you just don't even know who the hell I was.
I do.
Do you remember AJ Dwy?
I do.
Close at 82.
I do.
Oh, I mean, I don't really want to forget Mary yet.
Josh Corners is I do it.
I guess he's done dolphins in the room.
WDQA and hello.
QA and?
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, they were saying dinosaurs were in the Bible on Christian TV yesterday.
And they said they also died in the flood because they see in the Bible they have Lafayette and Behemus.
This is what Christian theology is.
Yeah.
And Tom Delay is on record in the earth.
He's 10,000 years old.
If a Democrat went in the Bible, Paul the physician, bring this stuff up.
You know, make him talk about this.
Oh, yeah, bring this stuff up.
Start knocking religion, man.
You hold your breath.
I'll let you know when I exhale, baby.
Okay?
Right.
Bring this stuff up.
Brother, you've got to be schmitten me.
Democratic Party is scaredy cats.
Wow.
Terrify.
Just like that thing about not being able to play fart sounds on a radio or you can't see this word or can't say that.
We saw the tremendous support that for free speech from the Democratic Party, then we not what a freaking joke.
You know, that's one of the most compelling scenes in a home movie in Firm Night 9-11.
It's where you have the black and rational caucus getting up there right after all that election flap and after the supreme decided that Bush was the president and stopped the count.
And they're begging anybody, just one senator, please, pretty please sign this, uh,
to prevent the Congress from rubber stamping the vogue of results at that election.
Not one.
Not Al Gore who was standing up there himself getting very impatient because evidently somebody either paid him off or made him an upper good refuse.
Maybe they found a relative from overseas somewhere with a beret.
Not Ted Kennedy, not John Kerry, not John Edwards, not anybody, nobody.
Not John McCain who passes himself off as a super self-righteous of piece of crap with a bad cheek.
Nobody.
Just keep watching that. Don't forget October 5th, today's the year, what, 27?
28? 27.
Okay.
I'm just saying in October 5 that DVD comes up for in Firm Night 9-11 so you can buy several copies and force your friends just to put the toothpicks in their eyes.
And time up in a chair and force them to watch it over and over again until maybe some of the penetrates their thick skull where their brain used to be.
WQA and hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
All right.
Long time, listen to Firm Time Caller.
Oh, right.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Listen on this, uh, or deal with this dolphins.
I know what it is, dolphins.
Hey, all right, now, man, come on, let's get a little enthusiasm going there for the thing.
Going for a new record is what the thing is.
Right.
It's a old 16 record.
Right.
That's not just that fireny football team at all.
I'm just having a legacy of having two perfect seasons and the franchise record, that would be great.
Unbelievable, man.
I don't believe these fun.
They are available.
Well, I don't think what is waiting for it, you think, is he just totally lost it? Is he just given up?
I have no idea, man.
I have no idea.
They just, I really think they need to get rid of one set.
That's the biggest issue.
I think we need to be able to come on here and report that the ones that are over.
The ones that are losing, you're losing you.
Okay, good luck to palying.
Have a great life.
Get out of here.
It's got a crappy cell phone.
Good guy, though.
First call, over.
That's a good start.
We're getting some good calls here today.
We don't want to overdo it, though, because if we take too many, you know.
Let it work.
We're going to get Reverend Jones back again, some of the other misfits.
How is that pull coming?
The worst problem that the world faces today, man.
Leave it to this astute audience to have their thumb on it, man.
Religious fanaticism, 190 done.
And again, I mean, didn't talk about that.
Now, we're talking about a small group of religious fanatics in 9-11.
Right.
A small group of religious fanatics.
All over the world, there are millions and millions of religious fanatics,
and have been since the beginning of recorded time, and they've been killing each other,
and just like in the Middle East, well, here's another bomb in Jerusalem
and another assassination in Damascus.
And I just never going to stop.
Never going to end.
If you woke up tomorrow and all of religion would be gone.
We could take up care of important things like straightened into the dolphin problems, all right?
Give me NHL lockout worked out.
Important thing, right?
Wouldn't be any starvation.
There wouldn't be any ethnic cleansing.
There wouldn't be all of this hate.
There wouldn't be all these stupid arguments about same-sex marriage.
Well, who the hell gives a crap?
What's it to you?
And about banning the Bible?
Which Bible?
Who's Bible?
Who the hell in the lunatics that wrote that crap that nonsense?
And if anybody out there thinks that the Democrats are going to stand up and start speaking out against that man,
you've got the wrong Democratic Party, baby.
The dynamic, one thing about Democrats, they don't need to have a group car-a-packter.
You want to know why?
Because car-a-packters work on your spine and they don't have any.
Spineless is a jellyfish.
Anyway, don't get me worked up again now.
All right, come down.
199 say religious fanaticism out of 462.
George W. Bush, 163.
And most of the world would agree with that.
They'd say absolutely correct.
Overpopulation, 48.
Global warming, 20.
Starvation, 16.
And age, 16.
Out of 460 and 2.
Your guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs.
If you're a first-time home buyer or refinancing and taking cash out, they're your best choice.
Your guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service.
It's not only their promise, it's their guadante.
Call them today at 800-734-6616.
And guaranteed mortgage bankers are goalies to build a lifelong relationship with their customers.
They did just that with a couple of move down from New Jersey,
hadn't started their new jobs yet, but found a house they loved.
The couple hadn't lived in town for more than a week, had little money to put down,
and wanted to close in 10 days.
Guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyers' needs in order to close on time,
and they were able to give them 95% financing at an unbelievable, un-illatable rate of 5.95%.
And listen to this, guaranteed mortgage bankers since all of its clients have a fabulous seven-night cruise
to a fairway of saying thank you for choosing them and doing business with them.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers low loans too big or too small,
bad credit or good credit they'll work with you to get you the loan you need.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers call them today at 800-734-6616.
Your listening to Neil Roger's is politically un-illatable.
I'm a capital.
Tired of the same boring old communion wafers in holiday mass, open wide,
and prepare to receive vice-severe.
Oh jeez, Father O'Malley, wafers again!
Now, very, this isn't just any wafers.
It's not?
No, through the divine miracle of trans-substantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafers into the divine visit
by the body of Christ.
So why does the body of Christ have to taste so yummy?
Spice of your next communion with new Christ Aroni.
Christ Aroni is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings,
plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful.
And Christ Aroni cooks up perfect every time, as he should.
Hmm, can I have some more Christ's Father?
That's Christ Aroni, baby.
Amen to that!
Christ Aroni, the trans-substantiation tree.
Oh my God!
1218, all the bubble-licies all the time, and Ben Roberts writes an interesting article,
Americans are gummer than posts.
Yeah, laser at O'Malley.
I haven't seen that for a long time.
Posted?
No, post.
Yeah, but you know those brits.
In the international war of words, you might be led to believe that it was a citizen from one of the many nations' displeased with America,
or one of its longstanding detractors that are under these words, you know, like maybe a French citizen on the European continent,
upset with our reckless unilateralism.
Possibly an Iranian, Syrian or Palestinian citizen in the Middle East, distraught with our overt, our overt heavy hand in this impartiality.
Or maybe an authoritarian citizen in Asia reacting to our ginguistic threats.
Think so? Then think again.
The setting was the checkout line at my local grocery store.
Behind me in the line was a middle-aged, fairly well-dressed white male.
He appeared to be a decent and upstanding citizen. He was an American.
Our eyes were both directed at the headline in one of those incredible news magazines that during the checkout stand begging for our attention.
You know the ones with headlines like Bush abducted by aliens, and Theresa Hines carried slime by aliens with ketchup.
Really, the latter was an actual headline in one of those papers.
This particular one complete with photos of Bush and carry screened November elections canceled.
The man rolled his eyes and looked at me as if to say, God give me strength.
I inquired to him as to why he, who he thought actually read such drivel. Here's his full response.
We be surprised we have so many ignorances in this country.
We Americans are dumber than posts. You know, I'd like the job of being a writer for a newspaper like this.
I could get to use my imagination to convince them of anything.
I smiled conspiratorily, paid the cashier as I grabbed my bags and headed for the door, shattering on my way out.
What's with the shattering you asked?
Okay, I give. Here's my confession.
I experienced a sinking feeling when the man said that Americans were dumber than posts because my mind immediately went to the upcoming November elections.
Our reason that if Americans were dumber than posts as this man assured me, and were charged with making the most crucial electoral choice in decades,
as to which direction their country in the world is headed, then we most certainly have major problems on our hands.
Hence we must wrestle with the question as to whether or not Americans are dumber than posts.
Let's take a look at George W. Bush, the man who occupies the White House, and wants us to extend his lease coming November.
Does he think Americans are dumber than posts?
Well, we often heard that Bush is an embarrassing dumber fool, and who is not very smart.
And what does that make us, if this man was able to convince her conisting to put him in an office to oversee our affairs?
Because let's face it, the 2000 presidential vote had this nation roughly even split as far as votes tellied.
This same man, according to polls, had 75% of Americans believing that a rack-edant leader who responsible for our September 11th disaster, though there was no evidence to support this.
This man dragged us into war by telling us that such action was needed as well as terrorism,
removal turned out to be non-existent doomed-day weapons and managed destruction that could annihilate us, and guarantee that peace would break out in the Middle East.
No such thing has happened.
This man saluted us and declared mission accomplished in the aftermath of this assurance more than a thousand souls produced from this land had departed in the battleground of a rack, and we can only guess that the number lost from that country.
This man told us that he's a great commander in chief who served this country patrioticly as a guardsman, while claiming that his opponents unsuited for that role.
This is not withstanding the fact that he's unable to show that he served, and our witnesses insist that never having seen him, while his opponent led his fellow Americans in battle saw them die and saved them from the jaws of death in a hellish war far from home.
Now that same man is telling us that he's done a good job of making our lives better, leading this country in the last four years and will do an even better job before you reinstall him.
Our Americans don't have a post, and if not, is there a reason for George W. Bush to think so?
I'm really wrestling with this one, but I think we have a win, right? It is.
Americans are not that we're then posed, as sometimes their actions can leave us to wonder, as the recent Democratic Convention bossed and there were four protesters arrested, while the Republican Convention in New York, there were an excess of 1800 arrests for protest.
In a way, can this mean that Democratic supporters are more radical than Republicans? Americans are smart onto something and know when they're being sold snake oil.
Americans are not that we're then posed when our court stop Bush and his crew and their tracts, and disallow them from holding Americans indefinitely and in Communicado, under the guise of national security, and will that this nation has to allow foreign detainees to have legal representation.
Both decisions hallmarks on which this nation's Constitution stands.
Americans are not that we're then posed because the last time Bush and his crew did their song and dance of raising the terror alert, and holding a press conference to warn us of diabolical terrorist on the loose and out to do his bodily harm, John Q. Public gave a collective yaw and and didn't buy it.
There's one more thing Americans need to do improving their not-dumber than post come November the end to select a real president.
But like that, because if you do vote for George W. Bush again, and if he does steal it or get it by hooker cook again, then it will prove conclusively that Americans are dumber than post.
Dumber than a boxer rocks is the mad dog would say. Dumber than sawdust. See, let me get all worked up again. I'll go for it.
56670560 never on a Monday, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lives mad dog into the hoppers back at Goldberg.
Back at George Wosh, back to the Lord, we're kissing the radio.
42630 Marlon's on decades, 630 to Marlon's at the expose, as soon to be the thunk French has moved to Washington, DC, 705 tonight.
80K follows the baseball game, kind of a meaningless game, but nevertheless.
WQAM, hello.
Nail. Yes sir. How you doing? Great.
I wanted to call you because I work for a small Spanish newspaper and not a week.
They called me from the National Rights to Life Committee and they asked us for the red card and this and that, you know.
And I do some. I sent this over to the packs.
And today I get like a five page with an FI page, like a five pound package from UPS and it's a junk carry on abortion.
You know, the rent is the ratings, you know, that he's against abortion.
And then I call him up and then I tell him or wants to stick to the person who was in charge, you know.
I said, no, she's in a meeting. And then I asked her, well, what does, what you said me say?
Well, that junk carries against these four abortions.
And then I said, you know, beginning her off guard, I asked her, well, it's really good that Bush is against abortions.
But once the babies out of the fetus, once the fetus is born, they don't care anymore.
You know, they could send 18 and 21 year olds to get slaughtered in a foreign country in a war.
It's called human sacrifice.
Exactly. And here's the, we're with the National Rights to Life Committee and if you ever have any questions you could call us and...
You know what I'm saying? My question is, who funds the National, you know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying? Do you have pre-ears of the UPS?
There's going to be like, if you would see this, it would be like, you know, cyber-guest.
You know, like, you know what I'm saying? I'm still like after...
How would be cyber-guested?
Yes you would. Well, this is how you know that, what they're doing, you know?
Okay?
Good luck, you pal.
Thank you.
You know what they're doing?
I have no idea what they're doing.
The fetus hugger is baby, the fetus hugger is, we don't want that stem cell research.
There's no such thing as global warming, but we love that fetus, baby.
We don't care how many people are starving, how many people just died in Haiti or in Jamaica.
We don't care how many people are starving, death and dying every day in Africa.
We don't really care about it in the cleansing, but we love the unborn fetus.
Hey, here it is.
Kind of like a station, kind of like a race between the Pope and the born again Christians, man.
It's to see who can be the craziest and who can make the most unwanted babies.
Why does that just change?
We don't care how many people are starving as long as they feed us.
Yeah, who's feeding you?
McDonald's.
You know, I guess you weren't watching Dr. Poop through this morning on CNN.
You can't say that. I'm telling you.
You know, your buddy, Ricky Tiki Sanchez, when we were talking about trans fatty acids
and when they were excoriating McDeath for the lies that they made about all the promises they made about cutting down the trans fatty acids.
And they're going to stop frying and all that deep, saturated oil because trans fatty acids will clog your arteries and let it rip.
So what do you eat?
Deep bat fried fries.
Oh, are you in a fries, man?
I hope we didn't make that.
I'm at Brown Sauce, or maybe at least made some of that mayonnaise.
Well, not sure how they got that brown sauce and they got that smoked meat.
You may laugh, but I'm going to tell you one thing.
Even though the people there are grotesque all the way, they're pretty good, but they're grotesque and bizarre and the frogs.
And they speak frog.
Man, what a place we're eating.
The food in Montreal is a spectacle.
So, you know, I put it on your itinerary for your world tour.
And they made a strip naked for a photograph and all of those soldiers had a laugh and did the whole Arab world so mad.
They sat a wreck with all right in our laugh, but now it's nothing.
But it trapped the George Bush and his queens are for the crap he made the whole Arab world so mad.
Oh, there's a bunch of grieving widows feeling sad and a lot of little children.
And though death this war has turned out really bad, he gave the whole Arab world so mad.
There's a suicide farmer interact with a bunch of TG scrap to his back and stand where it explodes.
It's on a phone.
Come 32, 20, it's a one and five, 60, WM.
Great article, I just the centatholic for the website, Politics and Sleeves in Belport, Orlando.
Not that the Republicans or Democrats would be up to duty tricks, you understand that?
No, the Republicans have just gone a lot better at it.
Andrew Gumball reports from the heart of Florida for the independent UK.
Why is it always in the Brit papers?
Why is it in the French papers?
Why is it in the...
Oh, I see.
In Orlando, the Florida home of Disney World and a vital political battleground, the campaigns that November President's election is getting sly and nasty and very, very personal.
Normally, at this stage of the proceedings, as he Thomas, a well-known character in the predominantly African American West Side of town, would be outchatting to the people, registering to devote before the October 4 deadline, and helping them with absentee ballots that they don't think they'll have time to make it to the Polls on Election Day.
But the 73-year-old Mr. Thomas and affable ladies' man is staying out a public view for fear of exacerbating what already is a highly controversial and highly political criminal investigation of his election-related activities.
A similarly low profile is being taken by Steve Clellum, the head of the local Firefighters Union.
Last week, he didn't even dare attend the local appearance by John Kerry, the candidate he's supporting for prison in case it added to the legal troubles facing his own organization.
The firefighters are also subject to a criminal investigation, the chief allegation for which no evidence has been produced, being that they colluded with City Hall to set up an illegal slush fund for political campaigning.
What makes the troubles facing the two men, especially some, is that they are declared Kerry supporters, with the power to bring in hundreds if not thousands of voters for the Democratic Party.
The investigations are being conducted by the state police known as the FDLE, which reports directly to the fat ass governor, Jed Boish, brother of President George W. Boish.
The Republicans, of course, did not have the investigations are politically motivated, but even they acknowledged that a chill has spread through Orlando's overwhelmingly Democratic Black Voting Community after a flurry of unannounced visits by armed state police will be 52 homes, who's mostly elderly residents that son of a per-action tea baler with Mr. Thomas's help.
I want to read that paragraph again.
The Republicans, naturally, did not have the investigations are politically motivated, but even they acknowledged that a chill has spread through Orlando's overwhelmingly Democratic Black Voting Community after a flurry of unannounced visits by armed state police to at least 52 homes, who's mostly elderly residents that son of a per-action tea baler with Mr. Thomas's help.
The Republicans have been hard put to explain what exactly the two men have done wrong.
The media's aired official allegations ranging from vote fraud to campaign finance irregularities to racketeering, but no charges have been brought to spread exhaustive investigations.
A grand jury examined the allegations concerning the firefighters' union concluded that no laws have been broken, which is not to tear the FDLE from pursuing the case.
It's impossible to understand what's going on without considering the broader political picture Orlando was slapping in the middle of the so-called I-4 corridor, the line of Florida cities running along the state's I-4 from Daytona Beach on the Atlantic Coast to tamp on the Gulf of Mexico.
The I-4 corridor is regarded as the hinge in which the outcome of the presidential election in Florida will swing and Orlando would surround the Orange County as considered the corridor as Velvada City.
So this is the key swing city in the key swing region, the key swing state that will determine whether or not George W. Bush wins another four years in a White House.
Little wonder, patients are getting heated given the unholy electoral mess Florida produced in 2000 and giving the state sorted history of voter fraud and systematic disenfranchisement, especially of Black voters.
Both parties find themselves voicing the suspicion that the other side will try to steal Florida if only they can figure out how.
It's a blood sports that Joe weekend from underlander lawyer represents both Mr. Thomas and the firefighters. It goes on for pages like five six pages. It'll be on our website politics and sleaze developer Orlando by Andrew Gumball independent UK.
How unusual huh?
We call you Darky's home on election day and I say fight back just grab off the streets, drag them drag 10, 15, 20, 100 dark folks and make them vote on election day.
Right? Right.
Or else?
Do you realize the election is five weeks from tomorrow?
Mm-hmm.
And that kind of a scary rhymes with the last candidate to baton.
Of course this Thursday night in Coral Gables, you got the first of the big debates and they all keep saying this is the one.
This is the one that really counts. This is the big one. That's what they keep saying.
Yeah, they do. Well, at least that's what they say.
And of course isn't appropriate that's in a great bastion of higher learning and political hotbed, moral gables.
In fact, I think that big of a time between now and Thursday you got three days to be driving up and down. Dixie, how is he if you can find you on campus?
The last candidate to debate John, I think it's over that by that pizza place.
The, what is it again?
Who knows?
The big cheese.
Yeah.
The last candidate to debate John Kerry lost an epic race to the Massachusetts Senator in 1996, which was like a William Wilde wondering about the what ifs of political history.
When I called Senator Kerry on election I think congratulate him. The first thing I said was John, I may have just made you president, well recalled.
I always thought whoever won that race would run for president.
When George W. Bush, the undertow candidate, pretends his governor in 1994, debated the incumbent Sharpe Tung and Richards.
Many Democrats admit they had to restabate the GOP challenger. They did it again when Bush took down Al Gore on the presidential debates in 2000.
I think Bush destroyed Richard, said George Lackoff, a linguist at the University of California who has studied the president's debates.
He could play Bubba.
He also knew his stuff. He turned every issue to his advantage.
Examining the performances of Bush and Kerry in previous debates offers clues on how they'll perform in their first big showdown, 30s denied in oral gables.
After all, if Weldon Richards had prevailed voters probably wouldn't be facing a choice of Kerry or Bush.
And that wouldn't be all bad.
Each campaign is now playing the low expectations game portraying its opponent as a great debater and lowering the bar for its candidate.
Kerry recently said Bush had never lost a debate. Republicans point out that Kerry was a champion debater at Yale and Bush strategist Matthew Dowke called Kerry probably the best debater ever to run for president better than Cicero, the Roman Orator.
I thought maybe he talked about Cicero Illinois, home of sportsman's park.
Ever been to Cicero?
No.
Oh, there are a lot of black folks there. I sure hope they all vote.
In the low expectations game, he went just by showing up and not drooling down in Brazil or as a game manager in 2000, said.
That's right.
And no, seriously, like when Reagan debated against Mondale, I forget which debater was the first or the second, but the deal was as long as he could stand up and didn't fall down Reagan won the debate.
And he stood up.
Anyway, but Donna Brazil says you just went by showing up and not drooling. Bush looked presidential in the 2000 debates and we got the big benefit of the doubt.
Both Kerry and Bush have strong track records as debaters. Bush is better known to voters, so Kerry may be surprised this time around, said Barbara Keller, and a Harvard professor who's written about leadership skills.
Well, there's the expert on Kerry's debating abilities. In 1996, they held eight debates during the campaign that became a political classic.
Well, they popular articles of governor trying to knock off Kerry, the incumbent senator.
John Kerry is a master of substance. Well, said he's not at all wouldn't end debate.
He's like very rabbit and a briar patch. He regularly goes for the jugular. He's very, very quick.
I wonder how Remus feels about that.
Well, recall the key moment when he thought he scored a major point against Kerry for the Democrats' opposition to the death penalty.
Well, named the mother of a policeman killed on duty and asked how her son's life could be worthless than the killers.
Don't lecture me about killing. I know something about killing Kerry shot back with an obvious reference to his Vietnam combat experience.
He said the killer was scum who should be locked up forever.
Kerry is a master of the fine-out of changing the subject. Well, said by the time he finished everyone had forgotten what the question was.
Well, said he had to watch the tapes of debates later to realize just how well prepared Kerry was.
Preparation is also a plus for Bush's surprise. Many observers with his performance against Richard's a former colors debater in their 1994 encounter.
He was articulate. He made no major mistakes.
Abougar and he stuck to a few points and hammered them over and over said Mary Beth Rogers who was Richard's campaign chairman.
Leikoff who studied Bush's speaking style concluded he's a formidable debater.
We understand the structure of debates and how to turn things to his advantage.
He also communicates and connects with people emotionally. Leikoff and Kellerman said success in the bases all about conveying trust and making emotional connections,
not laying out a four point program for every issue. And Bush knows that they said.
Kellerman pointed out a couple of weaknesses each candidate needs to work on.
Kerry needs to be more accessible approachable, less gore-like she said referring to Gore's lecturing style in the 2000 debates.
It carries her ranging the audience till boredom and theories.
She ended the curious recent speeches on a rack of header sharper focus and more persuasive than previous efforts.
Bush, he said, has to reassure voters that he's up to the task of handling a rack and other problems in a resolution way.
And that's as strict as long as the Democrats is too rigid.
He used the Republican convention to scare people, Kellerman said.
His task may now be the opposite to covered reassure people that he won't get us in trouble.
And unlike Fredo, he's not down. He's smart.
Abougar right.
Go Flash for pras Berg sometimes.
You'll rot your sub-morningahh in CBW and...
What's a mom in the clock that applies to them?
Watch out!
Ugh.
This is Alberteda from Tayletown Records, in fighting you American intel
who'll buy latest best students' collection.
IN YO M misconception
Ms fraued kids and awhile
You had up your body, got her macheteet
whev'y real chared play
I was
An American I
Was
Including
Disgusting
Suddenly
The
Mad
I
I
I
16
What do they want with me?
The money for me, I purchased, does not go to fun terrorism really?
It's not time to get off the plane
Just relax and take it easy
You're just dumb, that's your fault
And wouldn't have been a firewood you
Find our skin and a rag
If you want a detainee
Another variation of the classic
I ask myself every day
Which American should pay?
Tell me who are you from, it's late
I'm coming to you everybody
I'm coming to the neck of a woman
She lives her very own explosives
So buy new cash evens collection for table 1995
Or you can pay with free some master card or weapons of master's card
Did we find Osama?
No, we found Mulebolo Omar, Elsa Carly, all these other agonies
But we got Kat Stevens
Elsa is doing it, the real culprit
Now let me say there's a lot of people very depressed because we had all these hurricanes
Just one after another side by each and just all of this crap and nonstop
We just don't ever seem to stop
Dolphins just sucked a big one or an embarrassment they're humiliating
But I'm out a little bit of good news on a Monday
See?
How do you know?
There you go, something's looking at the bright side
We got the Humperage for today
No more when you have to know
And I'm sure a lot of people have pleased this point about that
Don't forget that QM van is waiting on you
I think still are they still here?
No, they're gone
They're gone? Good thing you asked
Well there you go
But they do still have gas though with the Ashirvan Staceyville
You won't see the QM van though if you want to gas them
Now is there a problem getting gas today or am I dreaming?
Nothing I know of
Maybe you already know what we think we have in the old house
Maybe you already know what we think we have in the old house
gas stations sell out for us all the panic people start Friday and Saturday morning
And they run around and they top off their tank
Even if they're not going to be going anywhere
Wish this little bit, little bit on
I can understand them
I can understand why people go panic
They're going to stay there for
And of course the CNN audience is going to start panicking
Now that they got Ricky thinking he's saying to his own here
Filling in for Miss Hummerow
And speaking of Miss, oh my god
Wolf Litzkrieg aka Rudolph Hess
Was this interviewing representative Mark Foley of West Palm
Me from Public and West Palm
I had never seen her speak before Miss Foley
But, wow!
Who are you kiddin' sweetheart?
What a screamer
Man, I just mentioned that in passing
5670560, Pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular
Wireless Lines, come out, come out
All you closet Republicans, you, man
How's Charlie Christo on?
Deputy QA and hello
Hi, Bill, you're a little too far gone
But we can probably stay in George
You're okay
He's what?
What happened to him? He's gone
Deputy QA and hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
You know how like when you see someone on TV
And then when you see them in person, how different it is
Yeah, different day of hair today
What, last night we went with the family
To, uh, the L House for some dinner
And, uh, your friend, the fat blob, Hank Goldberg, was there?
Okay, good. 5670560
We're ecstatic to have the fat blob, Hank Goldberg, back on the earth, for to say afternoon
Hey, this is this is the South Florida audience
We finally get, we finally are starting to get things straight and none already
Oh, no.
And you guys are a little bit too happy, alright?
See, when you're out radio, we're gonna make a different South Fat
You are an additional which, uh, Hank is still not too fat for ABC and ESPN
So you must be doing something, okay
WQA and hello
That's right, you can see it
QA and, yes sir
Hey, how you doing?
Alright, uh, listen, uh, you know, there's a little radio station going on north
They're trying to help people out and stuff
And I was listening to it, and uh, some lady called in
She said that she called your FM station there, and asked for help, and they told her to call somebody else
And, what FM station here?
What FM station are you talking about?
You know, power 96
Yeah
You know, lady needs help, she's got no life, and she was just, you know, looking for some help and they said
Now we're not helping those people out
What, what we're gonna do, bring her a flashlight?
Well, you know, of north there's a task in other people that help each other up there, you know, if you get all water or whatever
I guess she called the wrong station
I guess she did, that'll teach her
That'll teach her to be doing that again
I guess maybe that's their slogan of power 96
They just don't give a fly and crap, honey like that
But their ratings are dragging it
With all due respect, what would they have been in a position to do?
Center of fly and slide? I see
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 7, 8, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9
9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9
9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9
9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9
Mark Foley, Supervisor Elections in 67 counties can't handle the problem of your own.
I heard a man, a man with a prissy silly queen, WQM, hello.
Daniel. Yes, sir.
I don't know if you happen to see me depressed yesterday with me.
I'm lying in general abysade, just lying through his teeth about how great things are.
And of course, as they all do blaming the press, it's all their fault,
what's going on over there and the images that are showing.
Yeah, I heard John Curie and Joe Lockhart, and I start up to I add out how we end up talking about what a slime ball he is, what a stooge.
Yeah, I know you saw Bush's hand underneath his hand when you do it in the speech, you know, control.
Yeah, his hand in his pants, right?
And anyway, I love the bits, especially the pony feel bit.
All right. See ya. Have a great day, Palli.
Yep, thank you.
Okay. Carl Hyerson writes, you know him?
I do. In the Harold Noles, you know that.
Well, I apologize for that.
Nader plays crucial role in Bush Re-Election Plan.
It's interesting that I can read some of these great stories there that seem so intellectual and so important and so meaningful
because I know that 99% of the audience isn't going to go to our website or any other website or any newspaper, read anything,
and maybe like 10 people out there might actually be influenced by it.
And then of course, we risked for some of those great calls like,
Hi!
And of course, our all-time favorite.
Hi, Palli.
That one. Although he don't listen anymore.
Carl Hyerson writes, Glendo Hood is sleeping easier these days,
now their Ralph Nader is back on the Florida ballot.
Still, it was a close call for the exorlando mayor in the Republican stalwart who was handpicked by Governor Jeff Bush to succeed Catherine Harris as Secretary of State Overseer of Elections.
Harris, lazily obedient, step her life for format through in the 2000 vote debacle has been a tough act to follow, but Hood chose promise.
First came the infamous Purge of Fellens from Florida's voting rules,
the list of vanquished conveniently failed to include thousands of Hispanics who tend to vote Republicans.
The scheme was hurriedly scrapped after African-American groups and others pointed out the rather glaring bias.
The Nader maneuver turned out sweeter for Hood,
although for a few days it appeared that he was in danger of letting the team down.
Nader rescued Bush four years ago and he's back again,
completing his bizarre descent from iconic consumer crusader to Petzlant Ego-Adeled Spoiler.
He won't win more than 3 percent nationally, but that's all the buffer that the GOP may need.
Leon County Circuit Judge Kevin Davie Headroader-Dnader removed from the ballot,
saying that the reform party was nominated and failed to meet the statutory requirements for a legitimate third party.
Initially Hood's old election supervisor,
to prepare outgoing F-SNT ballots without Nader's name,
leaders should be first yourself an answered would challenge the judges' ruling.
Look, and only imagine the frosty phone call that impelled Hood to change your position.
Yes, Mr. Rove, right away Mr. Rove, sorry for the mix-up, Mr. Rove.
Putting Nader on a ballot in every swing state has been a crucial part of the presidential election strategy.
No place to him is more important than Florida,
and the pressure on Hood was a Bush-Chainy elector in 2000 must have been enormous.
Bush wouldn't be in the White House today where it not for Nader once a hero of the left,
for Republicans that say delicious irony.
Four years ago, Nader received 97,000 foreign and 88 votes in Florida,
as it pulling show that about two-thirds of those voters who were open to other candidates
would have picked Al Gore if Nader hadn't been running.
As everyone knows, Gore lost the state in the White House by a pulpy and highly disputed 537 votes.
It's no wonder then that Republican leadership has been pumping money in Nader's weasin' candidacy,
bankrolling his ballot efforts around the country.
While the new poll shows that Nader won't be as large a factor in this year's race,
the president's team isn't taking any chances.
Here in Florida, lawyers with long-time GOP candidates have been leading the battle
to keep rambling Ralph on the printed ballot, Democrats have deployed their own high-priced attorneys to get him off.
Under state law, a minority party candidate qualified by collecting 90,000 signatures
or by receiving the nomination of a national party.
What's left of the reform party in Florida could fit on the back of a mini-cooper,
a party bank account recently showed a war chest of $18.18.
Nader was nominated by a conference call in college schools where hastily recruited for a pretend convention,
$18.18.
Judge Davey, Democrat, ruled that the reform party failed to meet the state requirements
and that Nader should be off the ballot, the judge wasn't pleased when a hood basically overruled him.
She told frustrated elections officials to include Nader once again on the F-10T mailbox,
pending a new judicial hearing.
When a Florida Supreme Court abruptly stepped in, a must have sent chills down hood spine,
four years ago that court rebuffed the OPR for its deblock or recount the presidential election,
saying the bush cams scrambling to the US Supreme Court for salvation.
This time, though, the Florida justices didn't side with the Democrats,
by 61 majority of the justices ruled that they law the fighting and national party
is so hopelessly fuzzy, it would be unfair to exclude the reform party.
So rambling Ralph Hangz on his hand campaign financed and now saved by the same Republicans he so
wisely vilifies on the stump.
He presents himself as the only candidate with true integrity, and he's plainly no better than the others,
he'll take money from anybody.
You won't see Nader in the debates because he'll never reach the required 15% standing in the polls,
and you won't see him in political commercials because he can barely afford bumper stickers.
But you will see him on a Florida ballot much to the quiet relief of hood.
Her final test comes in November 2, and the event of another contested outcome,
she'll be expected to be a good party soldier just like her predecessor,
do what you told the news, say what you told the same.
For her robotic loyalty, Harris was launched to Congress, such a lofty reward may await hood too,
if she's caught upon the sword another recount, writes Carl Hireson in the Unchist Miami Hero.
You will see the Neorodger, the president of the school of the state,
on 560-60-8-U-A-M.
The world is a little hour!
All right!
I'll boo the rainbow white like the no-goo, one-neel-action,
said I'd like to know who, one-neel-action,
count the vote, count the vote, maybe count the vote, count the vote,
count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, maybe count the vote,
count the vote, count the vote, count the vote!
Ever since this presidential race began,
I've often wondered who was going to win.
Some palm-beach people went to do their voting chores,
so count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more.
Those who've seen that have one thing in common,
looks like lots of them just gave their votes to Patrick Buchanan.
Oh my God!
So I'd like to know who, one-neel-action,
yes I'd like to know who, one-neel-action,
count the vote, count the vote, maybe count the vote,
count the vote, count the vote, count the vote,
count the vote, count the vote, count the vote,
count the vote, count the vote!
The final tabulation started coming in.
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10,
some may be people all together than a bunch.
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch.
Let them!
Those who've seen that have one thing in common,
looks like lots of them just gave their votes to Patrick Buchanan.
So I'd like to know who, one-neel-action,
said I'd like to know who, one-neel-action,
oh I'd like to know who, one-neel-action,
yes I'd like to know who, one-neel-action,
count the vote, count the vote, maybe count the vote,
count the vote, all the count the vote,
count the vote people, count the vote,
count the vote,anois Marine if a witch,
count the urety man,
count the vote, apartment edition,
count the vote of Aaron Mosebrook.
Are you asking the same thing as the next step?
Does that have the power to do with the people?
We have all the resources of Resean in Gaza and Israel was abducted.
Ben Weedeman was with him in the Jeep.
And they said a car poured in front of them.
Guy pulled a guy out of his pants, is what he said.
He said, the wishfuler of you is we out of Ali and he said,
I am, and about a being come with us.
Maybe we won't see him no more, huh?
Maybe they just want a talk told.
Maybe they just want to have a chat, right?
Maybe Clemens is waiting for him to back see the vehicle.
You never know. Who knows about these things?
And when we have 600 and some on boats on the pool,
636 to be exact, what's the greatest problem with the world faces today?
Religious fanaticism 278, George W. Bush,
226th A. Renaud Religious Nut job himself.
So he says, overpopulation 67, see, they don't get it.
They just don't understand that making too many babies is not where it's at.
You know, they don't get it.
Oh, so you know you go again with that crap about quality of life.
That's just cold.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh my God.
All those terms are, I mean, who cares about quality of life, right?
So they make too many babies, let the poor slipper starve and we'll just look the other way.
And don't call power 96, they won't help you.
Let's talk to you.
Overpopulation 67, we like Cape Curia.
Okay, I can't say much for the rest of power 96, because I know we're almost at them.
But we like Cape Curia, and that's it.
And they make a lot of money over there and they'll leave them alone.
They're music station. What are they supposed to do?
What do you want them to do?
Instead of much of CDs up there, what do you want them to do?
People always do that with radio stations.
They call them with their problems.
Oh, you're telling me.
You're telling me. Remember we got out of that dog that lost dog thing?
Because you raised money for a band of rescue for company.
By the way, you'll notice we're not doing any of the best meals so far this year.
We haven't even discussed it.
I've noticed.
Ask me if we're going to do it.
Ask me if we're going to do it.
We're going to do it?
No, no, no.
Okay.
640 votes.
Religious fanaticism leads the pack 279.
George W. Bush, 228.
I already just got your reading that, tonight.
Wow, yeah.
Overpopulation 67, AIDS 26, global war in 24, star region 16.
I guess I haven't finished the whole thing.
But it's making a difference because there's only a couple of really getting any votes anyway.
Overpopulation stopped making so many unwanted babies.
It's like a contest to see you can win a baby making contest.
You crazy people, you.
Jesus.
On the one hand, you got to prop.
I don't want to go into it.
It just makes me furious.
The fact that anybody is listening to some old geyser in a dress,
hearing them advice on reproduction in sexual matters,
who's supposed to be celibate.
Have you noticed I said supposed to be?
Right, I got it.
Yeah.
How's that switch guard doing, by the way?
I'm actually Mark Foley, knows something I'm a switch guard.
What a screamer, Mark.
Who the hell do you think you've been kidding all this time?
Good, Golly Miss Molly.
Hurricane problems lift gas prices.
All we forgot to say it today, although the show we still got less than an hour to go,
but we got some time.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
One of the most memorable cause in history of talk radio.
Some young, arrogant, some punk out there in radio land.
Oh, and thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas.
When they started the Iraq attack, little did he know.
We knew little does he know.
And still little does he know about anything about life.
But then he's got a phone and a mouth.
Gas prices get more than $0.5 a gallon in the past,
to which largely because of problems related to hurricane,
I have an industry analyst said yesterday.
A lot of analyzing going on in the oil business is a matter of fact,
let's turn down CNBC right now,
because I don't want to see these reporters getting blown all over the hurricane again.
So I'm so tired of that dog and pony show that they put on there.
How come I'm not getting my CNBC all of a sudden?
What the hell just happened to it?
Oh, there it is.
Well, there's so many stories out there,
but the one common thread seems to be that Treasury still continue to buck what should be a qu-
Oh, now crude oil up and die in 49, 28, 49, 28,
getting precipitously close to that $50 a barrel mark.
Oh, no.
Anyway, most of this is hurricane related,
said, chill me, you Lundberg, who publishes the semi-muffly survey,
the Lundberg survey of about 6,000 gas stations across the US,
combined national average for all trades against $1.94 on Friday,
up about a nickel from September 10.
Lundberg says there was damage in the Gulf of Mexico to petroleum facilities,
but there also shutdowns and fear of damage,
there also delays the shipments of oil and refined products.
The average national price for self-serve regular,
the biggest seller reached $191.00.
Mid-grade average was $2.00, one of the premium was paying to $2.10,
$2.00 and $10.00, freaking sense a gallon of gas.
Thank you, Mr. President, for that big bargain,
because we got that Iraqi pipeline going.
But didn't get that one going too good,
we're not benefiting too much there,
because they keep blowing it up.
But yeah, the business they got that one through Syria back going up into Israel again,
that was good.
That's the important stuff, right?
Of course.
Pretty well, in this area,
we are right in the heart of the big band about 95 miles.
Yeah, we'll bend this.
567.0560, pound 562 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WCWA and Hello.
Hello.
QA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oakland Park.
Hello.
What about Oakland Park?
It's a place.
Coming from Oakland.
Oh, I see. Let's go to Oakland Park, Reverend Jones again.
Hey, Neil.
Reverend Jones.
Keep trying, baby.
Keep trying, man.
I'm a sharp as a muscle ball,
so you're not going to get by me.
No chance of the day off today.
Yeah, maybe, yeah.
Maybe he got blown away during the hurricane.
Or maybe just WCWA and Hello.
Neil, what's up, I do for Brown.
You want to translate that one?
I wish I could.
Maybe start with Jerry Brown.
That one, you know, Josh?
I can't help you.
A lot of all the generations here.
Maybe we need to get an interpreter, okay?
567.0560.
Come on.
Let's get these phones flamed in here, man.
I'm giving you this hour of a good part of it.
I've got 80 million bed times to raise your head.
But I'm more important than Old Brownie,
how I'm there, whatever the hell I was.
Wasn't that the Brownie, how?
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, man. How you doing?
Okay. Sorry, Joyce.
Yes.
How about a couple of weeks ago,
I heard a great commercial on 610LD.
It started off with saying,
rush, boss, wait, and you can too.
I'll be mad.
And his ratings are, you know,
to see the dikes going on there.
The ratings lost weight.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, what's that?
It's crazy.
What's that?
I have fan of the 8000 over there.
How about you?
You can lose a bunch of weight, huh?
You got a mine, that's it.
Hey, I just had a shit out with you, man.
By the way, we'll be giving our Will miss number before the hour ends.
Oh, no. Don't do that for me.
Okay. Good luck, you've got it.
And if you can't find Will,
my Georgia got some good contacts.
567.0560.
Yeah, they're all mine.
Tom, 567.0560 on the app,
for to stick with the glasses, myself.
Why did you wear context now?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot to use it.
Why don't you get laser-catered duty?
WNQA and Hello.
I like to contribute to the ball.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead and have it.
Okay, off, beach, beach, Charles.
Thank you.
You know, it's something that could make the greatest problem at a row of places today,
is that we don't have no more beach, beach, Charlie's.
And let me ask you, what about that pool of pork?
I'm sorry.
I noticed we had those two spots on there, again, back to back last time.
I guess we better try to ignore that.
Don't take QA and Hello.
It's the middle.
See, it's okay.
If we can make money, say, and then it's okay.
But if we can't make any money, say, and then it's for, for, for, yes, sir.
Capazzo.
How you doing?
I got so sick of these people on TV, like, look, my microphone cord.
Look, it's all dangling in the way.
Look at these, I mean, what is going on in this?
I think the other, I think the next time I'll should get hit by lightning.
We got like the most important lightning going on.
These people are like, bringing out about a little, a little, a little, a little.
I thought the best was on CNN.
I thought they were actually going to do something when they had the meteorologist Chad Meier
and that Indian Anderson Cooper from that incident showing.
And the two of them were like hanging out of each other, seeing who they were going to get their blown away to first.
Like, clearly, each other.
I thought they were going to do something there, yeah.
Okay.
I don't think we're going to put that on there.
Well, I could have, I guess, but I just, I don't know.
Actually, the Browning House, I don't want to get Joyce to upset.
It's only Monday.
Well, you know how it is.
Yeah.
5.670560, pound 560.
Like I said, if we can make money on it, if it's in a commercial, we'll put any crap on it or you want.
But if it's something that I want to say or George wants to say, for anybody else,
well, even a little Josh there wants to say, for every no chance, man.
Yeah.
Here's the old Joyce buzzer.
Yeah.
I'm sure she'd even call the old buzzer before.
Hey, right now, Armstrong Ford, a homestead would like to clear their loss and sell off all their remaining old fours,
because that's face of the years getting close to the end.
Here's some of the great deals.
An 0-4F150 pick-up.
You've made just a buck over invoice.
New 0-4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Ranger's crowned vex, toruses, and focuses all waiting for you at just one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong Ford a homestead.
Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value with loyal customers and even those who aren't quite that loyal.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program that is absolutely correct.
You get tires and batteries for life.
The value of your get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because they continue to offer you a free Florida Sunpass with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time, all you've got to do is make one easy call because they know your time is valuable.
The liver of your new vehicle right to you just call and shop right over the phone at 305-247-512.
247-512.
And don't forget that Armstrong Ford a homestead is locally owned and operated.
They'll give you a personal treatment they feed you just like family and I guarantee you, I'll betcha, parents' life on it.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere, no way to know how inside Florida, no bait and switch, no Fony deals.
It's all waiting for you at Armstrong Ford a homestead.
You'll find them at 307-25 South Fixie Highway just 20 minutes out of the 836.
Check them on webarmstruckcars.com and then drive just a little and save a ton on that new Ford only.
From our friends at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You are things in real rushes.
For those who are not my friends at the time, you need them.
It's day high!
If I am a tell, I'll laugh at my six old WQKD.
Yeah!
We have a different story of you.
Now, very soon, in our lives, are through a dynamical, I've been so loved.
I've got life so loved.
See you in the shower.
See you when they get about to use.
Here we are in the salvation we've waited.
And in the Catholic faith we can't even remember.
We've been going on this world, through step to time.
But we never heard anything new.
They were just things I've lost here.
Where as I see you, in the shower, here's a tip for you.
You won't need a touch of gold.
You will need a same person to see you.
I've got life so loved.
I've got life so loved.
See you in the shower.
One 19 at 560 WQAM.
Here's a fashion meal who says maybe the brown guy was referring to the UPS commercial.
What can brown do for you?
Also, let's see those reporters stand outside when you're category five.
Then I'll be impressed right to you.
Yeah, then I think you'll probably find out what brown is all about also.
Right?
Depending on what color you're short sorry.
Anyway, I don't know the sky.
I don't know the spot.
And you don't either.
Obviously the grass doesn't.
That's all for three.
And probably the overwhelming majority.
In fact, how many people do you think have any idea what that commercial is all about?
About 30 men.
Including at least the yellow who we've seen.
I haven't seen a spot brown or other colored.
And so I have no idea what he's talking about.
So if you've got to drop something in like that, probably it's a good idea if it has some significance to just a few people.
Maybe 1% of the population then we'll respect it.
And we'll laugh and I'm using whatever.
Right.
Although you can't believe this is ringing QA and hello.
Hey Neil God.
Yes sir.
Good to talk to you.
Yes it is.
You know, I've never been there.
But you obviously live there.
Can you explain to me why they have sort of figured it out regarding our presidential election?
Yet the people here haven't.
I mean I guess the whole rest of the world has not just Europe, Latin America has figured it out.
Most of Asia has figured it out.
Everybody's figured out except the Americans because they're not brainwashed by their media.
Well I mean the Chinese are but nevertheless we're getting about them and the North Koreans.
But setting them aside, the rest of the world actually has access to some real news and the pacitess from what's going on.
And it's worried a little bit more than just what's going on with a jury's springer show.
And our media isn't like coming to China media.
I mean it's ridiculous.
Everything, it's all is on.
If she didn't have legs she wouldn't have a job.
Exactly.
Well the fact that CBS came in and canceled that piece on the fully yellow cake and the whole thing about Niger and the Joseph Wilson.
The fact that they canceled that before last night which was so much more important than what Bush did or didn't do in the guard
which everybody knew already any of.
And they came in and canceled it.
So they've got the media under their thumb.
And I'll start off with CBS canceled the Reagan series.
Remember they were going to do that?
Sure do, yeah.
And you notice it's always CBS.
It's CBS with the Janet Jackson booby.
It's a CBS with the Reagan mini series.
It's CBS again with a band rather flat and just never stops.
I'm sure Ashcroff will pull the plug on you once Bush gets reelected right?
Good luck to us, Polly.
See you at the border.
What's this?
It says spent the last day in Miami.
Last Friday.
I respect the day in Miami last Friday.
Here's a suggestion.
I like this.
Oh he's got some good choices on here.
What's the worst place in the world?
He's got only four choices.
But Iraq, Afghanistan, Bosnia or Miami-Dade.
Yeah.
I think that's a pretty good idea.
I think I might just take him up.
And I got Sean's pulls from last week.
Don't worry Sean, baby.
Still got him here.
We'll get to those.
Also it says, PS is a bills fan.
I have nothing to cheer about.
We're living here for 20 years.
I'm thoroughly enjoying the offense rapid descent into sub-media.
Oh by the way, there's no name on this.
But whoever you are sub-media,
is an insult that all these sub-media occur teams in the world.
I mean, there, whatever is 50 miles beneath sub-media,
that's what they are.
They are an embarrassment.
You notice very seldom during an NFL or any major league telecast,
any sport.
You hear the announcers.
I mean, yeah, you'll hear criticism.
And you'll hear them ripping something
and then they'll say they deserve it.
But really, do you hear them ripping like the entire offense,
like they have the double or less than that offense?
Were you watching on TV?
Josh, where are you there?
I was there.
Or you were there.
Well, I mean, they were ripping them an ass and talking about the
dolphin offense being a mediocre.
And then I don't know who they were.
They were both terrible.
But the one person says, well, mediocre is an understanding.
They're a lot worse than just mediocre.
I mean, they just been slicing them an ass.
I mean, what can you say?
They suck.
Anyway, it says, man, they deserve it.
If the fish thinks from the head, the fans can think,
Wayne, this factor knows this stuff, baby.
The paint, can we play that?
I know we can't play the other one,
which I would love to play.
But right on.
Huh?
We can try.
The paint of what is not in here, the paint of Wayne?
Oh, you've got it.
Get it.
What is your window?
Huh?
Maybe it's under the WH.
One moment, please.
Okay, this is...
Oh, there it is.
One moment.
The pain of Wayne misbehaves.
Go down the drain.
When Wayne explains his name,
Wayne complains.
Bruce made Scott feel gotten deans.
His way, his way,
Who is acclaimed has gone down in flames.
His way, his way,
The shape of Wayne was made upon my brain.
I think it's lost it.
The straight of the way,
It may stay inside my veins.
There's that prom again.
It's anywhere out.
Yeah, I mean, this... Huh?
It is spread all over the place.
I guarantee you, after that game last night,
there's plenty of it.
In fact, all over the dolphin locker room.
I wanted to disgrace what it embeers
and what a humiliation.
Bringing this franchise to a new level
hasn't been seen since the early days
of the organization.
Anyway.
It says defense can take away.
And how's Blockbuster Park doing Wayne?
That's about the only thing he even accomplished
with all his sports franchises,
was the fact that the Marlins
of Wonder World Series the first time
under his tutelage.
And then of course he took,
because he went out and spent the money to build a winner.
And right away he takes that and strikes everybody in the face
and gives them all tomatoes.
Well, I'm not in it for the fans.
I'm just a business guy.
And the same thing with the panthers
who looked into that one outstanding season
and made it to the Stanley Cup finals.
And he parlayed that in all the threats
he made into a new arena there in Broward County.
They need to rinse your mouth
and slap the public in a face again.
I saw him in the team
by unloading it to this unsuspected goofball
who hasn't got a clue.
Anyway.
Nice going, Wayne.
It says next year he'll make feel of the coach,
spielding the quarterback
and wants that the trainer.
And my keen is not busy.
Wayne should call him
and then maybe hire Dan Marino again.
So I said that before.
Yeah, Danny Boy, we need you, baby.
It says I don't do drugs,
but I can't imagine anything
that could possibly have given me more pleasure
than watching these dolphin games
and listening to the subsequent talk shows.
Hey, man, I haven't heard the talk show.
It's not only that I can only imagine,
but I watched the games.
In fact, very seldom do I watch the dolphin game
in its entirety,
because obviously, as you know,
I'm a Patriot fan,
I have been for about 10 years.
But in this case, this season so far,
I watched...
I missed the first quarter last night.
Obviously, I didn't miss too much
except the ring-like crazy.
And I guess the fans,
those who brave the hurricane,
the aftermath of the hurricane
and the inclement weather in the way,
I guess they knew that it wasn't
what's sticking around for, huh?
Now, after they smelled the stench
or that first quarter,
that scoreless first quarter,
but hey, they did get the field goal,
baby, Olandamare,
kick that one field goal.
They're doing it.
I mean, it's not a whole bunch,
but you know, three points is a start.
126 at 5, 60,
WDQM, you want to know more about
following a low carb diet?
You want the best tasting,
largest selection of low carb foods
at the best prices anywhere,
then head forward to Delights at Westloka,
whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins,
the Sugar Busters,
the South Beach or any low carb sugar-free diet.
Delights at Westloka,
because always been the number one low carb store
in South Florida.
We know you can shop in your local grocery store,
but if you want a better selection,
and I'm talking about zillions of products
that you're looking for,
if you want to be able to try before you buy,
and you want your questions on low carb dieting answered,
with the front-based customer service anywhere
that this is the place for you,
the low carb headquarters,
the Delights at Westloka,
where you'll find over 1200 great products
like Carbohlite ice cream,
breads, pasta, chocolates, brownies,
cookies, and lots more.
Delights is open every day,
seven days a week from 10 to 10,
they're located on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
where next to prestigious Boston Market,
and how many sides do you get
with that order at Boston Market?
Or column tool for you at 1-877 Low Carb,
or on the web, it's lowcarb.com-LOW-C-A-R-B.
There's only one, but what's the hell of a store?
Delights at Westloka, it's your official Atkins retail center.
You want to send 50 million people to new projects,
and exclusively on 5th-Series-M.
I would change their mind
and decide they wanted to build this facility.
I will not play here,
because I will not have you guys
looking at me for the next 10 years,
saying, here's a guy that said one thing,
and went out and did something else.
I couldn't remember a big way.
It didn't get un.
Maybe I'll double-fick tomorrow or the tomorrow.
but tomorrow is more than the last.
Without you was the greatest, I feel we all got to come
I'm a conqueror, and I run down when the moon starts to rain
I've got this man, I'm chasing him, thinking for sure he ain't not gone
He's not in a dream, he's no beast, second goal in an unknown
When I'm there to tell you, I feel we all play in the way
I've got this man, I'm chasing him, thinking for sure he ain't not gone
He's not in a dream, he's no beast, second goal in an unknown
I'm chasing him, thinking for sure he ain't not gone
I mean if I'm a criminal, I just turn a mic on and that thing started like that
Which means it's probably right at the very end of its existence
George Croce says, oh well we finally got to chip that out on Friday and of course it has to clear customs and all
We only had a problem for about three weeks now, I would say three weeks is the day that started doing that ground
Should I let the brown help him?
Yeah, in fact there might be some brown when you open a pot maybe one of these days very soon if that piece of equipment will give you
And it's all you're going to hear is, like that, that was never quite that before
I mean let's see if it'll do it again one minute
I didn't have that time, don't trust if they could have
What?
No, I'm just turning a mic on and off, I mean it's one of those things that one has to do when one doesn't have somebody else turning the mic on and off for them
That's some of the broadcast image here is this
Some of them, yeah
Right, 26.2.5.60 WQM, you're technically very slow station, we're going to get around with that piece of equipment
George Croce says it was shit, it went out, but it went along with my talent check and all that other stuff
They're a little slow there, but then of course that there's been the hurricane and you're kipper at any rate
You notice how the hurricane was kind enough to wait till the sun went down seven or nine before we were here starting to do anything?
Yeah, but the power was not kind enough to wait till the sun went down
What time do you power go off?
Like five
Oh no
Oh, they know you're going anyways so they don't worry about you
The recent pulls, this is by Stephen Crocett, Allorance of Democratic Talk Radio, whatever that is
The recent pull showing a large bush lead seemed to be designed to be distributed as Scourge Democratic voters and or conditioning
American people for a bush victory based on vote rigging
Now we're getting our thumb on it
The methodology that seems to be used by Gallup and most other polling firms connected to large corporations are greatly over-weighted
To give Republicans excessive representation and don't give sufficient weights to democratic voters based on historical voting trend
Pools by independent polling organizations that are using properly weighted samples like Zod being few research, Harris and others are not showing a significant bush lead and some have carry ahead
While most political analysts predict the largest democratic voter turnout in history, Gallup is predicting in their methodology
The Republicans will be 70% more of the total electorate than Democrats actually voting on election day
Based on the most recent elections, Democrats have usually been 70% more of the total electorate when the actual votes were counted
The swing in numbers using Gallup's distorted methodology would tend to give Bush a fake lead in the neighborhood of 15%
As voters we need to ask for ourselves why Gallup would use a methodology that would almost definitely mean that the election predictions would be wrong
These writers are somewhat baffled in answering that question why would Gallup want to give the false impression of a bush lead?
It is interesting to note that James Clifton who bought the Gallup organization as a big Republican donor
He gave thousands to write when Republican Georgia Senate candidate Herman Cain
Cain ran as a huge backer of cutting taxes for the wealthiest Americans
This is essentially the same tax position supported with a vigor by the Bush-Chainy ticket
The Bush administration has been rewriting the tax codes, labor regulations and business laws
To give more wealth and power to large corporations along with wealthy and powerful individuals since their first days in office
Pulling out fits media companies and other owners have benefited as never before in history
Many of these entities and individuals are doing everything in their power to keep the Bush Republicans in power
The massive increase in electronic voting machines will make it nearly impossible to detect voter fraud by computer hacking or hidden computer code
Many states are using machines that do not provide a paper receipt to voters
A top executive of one voting machine company at a Republican rally in Ohio promised to do everything in his power to put a Ohio into Bush column in November
He should have been removed as an executive by the company but was not
Republican Senator Chuck Hagel has very close ties with another large voting machine company
He's the top former executive of that firm
These concerns would not be as serious as the computer codes used by voting machine makers were standard open source codes like a New Zealand and Sweden
In the United States the vote counting computer codes are company property and not available to the average voter
Voters should be worried and watchful but not discouraged
The public will not tolerate massive vote fraud in America regardless of any attempts at conditioning the public by the corporate media
Yeah, we're going to go out there and vote in such gigantic numbers
Now we're going to drag your ass right out of your seat and make you vote over and over again until you can vote no more
Especially if you're poor, if you're dark, if you're like a slipper, whatever
Right? Right, right
You know what's all the women cars we've had today?
Zero, not a one. Zip-fity dude, man
What are busy out there cleaning up all the trash from the storm right?
Day three
Yeah, they're putting their lives back together in it
Returning the unused plywood, they're returning all the unused water to publics in Windexy
Doing those important things
560-560-560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines which they will be when the ones that era comes to a screeching end in South Florida
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey, how you doing now?
Pretty good, Pally
I got a question, man. What are these yellow poles? I really don't understand how they work and what do they represent?
What percentage of the... I mean, just can we just elaborate on this?
What do you mean, can I elaborate on?
I don't understand them. I'm first on voters. This is my first time on both of them.
Well, the yellow people, the yellow pool, presumes that they're going to be 70% or 80% more Republicans than Democrats showing up which flies in the face of history
But in some other words, they're pulling more Republicans than Democrats, so this is like a genius to figure out why their pool shall push so much farther ahead than all the other pools
Oh, okay, I see. And would have happened in the drop you used to have more doing a... I'm infected or something like that. I thought it was a great drop and you just kind of abandoned it
No, we didn't abandon it while we maybe...
You got played it more often.
Okay, I'm going to play it about 40 times for it.
See ya.
I'm in infectious, I'm in infectious, I'm in infectious, I'm in infectious, I'm in infectious...
You know, another one, if there's a butt-ass smell it, we forgot about that. Maybe that's why...
I'm in infectious infectious.
I might have some to do with.
Get it from fragrances, no, can you?
You know, it's too far in there, you know?
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
What?
What?
Sorry.
Hey, listen, don't be picking on most, speaking of old Mr. Brownstein.
What was they called?
It was Old Yellowstein and it came to you, right?
Yes, you know, you mean?
Yes, it was.
We got Mr. Old Mr. Brownstein.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
He was doing a fine job.
He was sitting back taking a check.
And he wrote something.
What did I say a few weeks ago?
I said, once it's an offence season, there's...
He's going to need all the time to kind of recuperate during the week because it's going to be a long,
dastardly, bachelorsly, season, it's going to be ugly.
And I was right, as usual, I had my thumb right on it, squarely firmly.
20 till till we got the mad dog, it till we got Hank Goldberg is back.
Hey, stop it!
Before he came back on Friday, but then again, with a holiday, with a Jew holiday and a hurricane,
and everything else, probably a lot of people weren't even aware that we sneaked him in there.
And then at 630, he sneaked right out of there to just make sure he did...
It is like Dracula, he don't need to get to home and to the crypt before the sun goes down.
And it was the same, with the hopper, we had to get his ass out of the building in time before the sun went down,
because otherwise he would be burning and held and not enjoying his blinces and grubbiness.
Well, I haven't thought about grubbiness in a long time, you know?
Yeah, well...
Oh my god, you want to get a really major league heartburn, though I'm in a place...
I don't know where you could ever...
It's one of those things that an old puppy would have to make, and probably most of those people are dead by now anyway.
You probably find a deli that still makes that.
That makes grubbiness?
There's got to be.
I don't think so.
Well, let's put the word out for it, okay?
You'll have Ijida Manu, you'll have a heartburn that'll last you for a lifetime.
I don't want to eat it.
It'll take you...
Why not? It's delicious!
It's like...
It's like...
It's like onion rings will be better, fried up with like chicken fat, you know?
Oh man, let's big Josh eat it.
I'm gay.
You what?
If it's...
What are the second time that he said something like that?
Yeah, you're trying to give us a message?
Wow.
I think that dolphin game turned him around, so to speak.
Twenty before to a QA, if you're planning on replacing your carpeting because it's old, maybe looks kind of schmutzy.
Maybe you're thinking about having your carpet or your wugs in green green.
Oh no!
Professionally clean.
Sam's telling it's on a way out.
It's just about finished.
Call our good friends and drive concepts.
Drive concepts is the best in business and bringing your carpeting back to life.
The only ones I trust with my carpeting over 20 years and a whole bunch of different homes.
So, sanitize your home today using drive concepts, certified train technicians who will drive clean your carpet.
Same idea is drive clean your clothing.
They leave your carpets looking just like brand new.
Vibrate and color, they smell and they press this off to the touch.
And they dry in just a couple of hours so you really can clean today, entertain the night.
And you never have to worry when you call drive concepts because there are no rip offs, no scans, no tack ons at the end of the job.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront.
So when they leave, you know exactly what it's going to cost in.
You look around and think you had brand new carpeting later on the floor.
That's how good it's going to look.
Call them today, toll free.
There's nobody in the world any better call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 on our network at web.
It's driveconcepts.com.
You are listening to Neil Roger Bay's News Weekly on Spotify.
If I got a call here, the double one rated to be in Moe Highland, they've been in a showroom.
At least according to my aspirations.
Stay away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
Merr-a-baw, hello.
Yeah, I want your take on Jake Bieber.
Oh, Jake Bieber.
Is that great thought of that?
I can't good you.
I like Jake Bieber.
Well, in not to mention, he's got extraordinary smooth detoxes.
Oh, yeah.
You're sure he didn't know what you're saying here.
Oh, dude, thank you more.
No, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
I was going down there in Merr-a-baw.
I'm going down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
No, I have to go.
Okay, tell you what.
I'll hold you open up right now.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old 10 teachers.
How's that?
I got this.
No way.
That worked out really well.
We had the things on your nose as well.
They're going down the street.
They're going down the street.
They're going down the street.
Wow.
You got this.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
Almost every day I play.
And my pain just let it start to tickle me.
I had to know I could be good or good or bad.
Yeah, I'd go back to fall on the path.
That's because I'm a 20-old man.
You're a bit of a ghost.
You're a bit of a ghost.
You're a bit of a ghost.
You're a bit of a ghost.
You're a bit of a ghost.
You're a bit of a ghost.
And I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
I'm going down the street.
Hey, we're keeping you alive, Mo.
That's all I can tell you.
And by the way, I'm listening.
I'm sure he is.
When you mentioned, you got a lot of time on his hands these days.
When he stopped playing golf.
And even these probably got a Sony Walkman.
Right?
And at ball spot.
We're keeping your name alive, Mo.
And he clean those embarrassing ball games.
Bob Herbert, who's one of the fine calmest in the New York Times,
one of those people who actually write stuff to do.
And makes sense in the Times.
Paul Veninau, Secretary of State Colton Powell,
discussing the Iraq War during an appearance at the Times on Friday,
did not have the crisp certitude of the general who was sure to say in 1991,
that the first goal for war was going almost precisely his planned.
13 years ago, Mr. Powell was the supreme,
the confident, almost cocky chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
at press briefing, he would describe the plan for a defeating Saudi Hussein's Army,
which had invaded and occupied Kuwait as follows.
First, we're going to cut it off, and then we're going to kill it.
I thought he was talking about most peace.
Through a detail, he would detail the airline
to naval forces closing in on the Iraqis and say,
I'm not telegraphing anything.
I just want everybody to know that we have a toolbox that's full of tools
and have brought them all to the party.
He had every reason to be brash.
The U.S. led coalition went under the first Gulf War,
but they coherent plan, extensive international support,
and overwhelming military superiority, including more than a half a million American troops.
Last Friday, surrounded by reporters and editors,
Secretary Powell had a decidedly different message.
He refused to paint a rosy picture of the current war's progress.
We've got a tough road ahead of us, he said.
He announced that the resistance encountered by American troops was stronger
than the administration that anticipated the added,
I'm not going to underestimate or understate the seriousness of the insurgency.
The resistance, he said, is a black cloud over U.S. efforts in Iraq.
Mr. Powell's candor was refreshing,
but we're not getting from the Bush administration's any sense of where we go from here
with this war that never made sense,
his customer, the 1000 American lives, has further destabilized the Middle East
and has energized the forces of terror that are the real threat to the U.S.
Bush administration officials are busy lowering expectations about the election schedule for January.
The Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld now tells us it's fine if elections reach just three quarters or four fifths of the country.
Secretary Powell and the interview on CNN yesterday said,
there will be pouring stations that are shot at.
There will be insurgents who will be out there who will try to keep people from voting.
No earthly amount of spin can make incredible case that Iraq is on the road to freedom and democracy.
Meanwhile, they meet at another echo of Vietnam, American commanders in Iraq are begging for more troops.
It was ever thus,
commanders stressed that in these unwinnable wars against foreign insurgents,
he's always believed that just a few thousand more troops will turn the tide.
Americans were told again and again that there was light at the end of the tunnel in Vietnam,
the troops said that in that nightmare,
would Dralea remark that the light was coming from a non-rushing train.
Rather than destroying an enemy army, which was the goal of the first Gulf War,
the U.S. military is now spitting its wheels on the Iraqi sand,
no one is sure who or where the enemy is or even what the U.S. mission is.
And in that horrendous senseless environment that American troops are getting shot to death
or blown up or hurriedly named every single day.
At home, Americans seem to have forgotten what an ill-advised war can do to the U.S.
More than three decades after was published, David Halberstom's The Best and The Brightest
should still be required reading.
Lyndon Johnson had hoped Vietnam would be a short war, Mr. Halberstom wrote,
and he was afraid of the political consequences if two economic costs became visible.
He wrote, the result was that his economic planning was a living lie,
and his administration took us into economic chaos.
The great society programs were passed but never funded on any large scale.
The war itself ended to severe budgetary problems.
The decision in 1968 to put a ceiling on the American troops was as much economic as political,
and the most important to fake it a finance that were honestly
would inspire a virulent inflationary spiral which helped the feet Johnson himself.
Seven years after the commitment of combat,
troops that inflation was still very much alive
and was forcing a successor administration into radical,
desperate economic measures in order to restore some financial balance.
We've been there, done that, and now we're doing it again.
That's what Bob Herbert said in the New York Times,
he makes maybe a little bit too much sour.
What does he know?
Not much.
Anyway, here's the poll.
And by the way, speaking of polls, what did you do to use to have that copy of the poll
that you factfully, that I or Schmidt can't, I think?
I have to.
I said I was going to do it tomorrow.
Please read facts.
That was pretty interesting, even though I had only four names on it.
I like the concept.
I think I know where my vote's going.
What's the greatest problem the world faces today, 796 votes,
religious fanaticism 352,
George W. Bush 274,
overpopulation 89,
AIDS 34, global warming 25, starvation 22.
That's true.
You're the same thing, real rocket.
It's an ex-coastion.
It's an ex-coastion.
It's an ex-coastion.
It's an ex-coastion.
It's an ex-coastion.
Strench of power manure
covers over this performance by the Dalton.
It's a movie.
It raised the tiller level high,
and now we're afraid I'm going to die.
I'm worried.
Not happy.
This day I've paid a heads of chance
and nothing got just paid my hands.
I'm worried.
Not happy.
I'm worried.
Not happy now.
I'm worried.
Not happy.
I'm worried.
Not happy.
I like the stores and clothes,
the drapes.
I bought 100 rolls of dope tape.
I'm worried.
And not happy.
If they change it from orange to red,
I'll go and hide under my bed.
I'm worried.
Oh my god.
I'm not happy.
Look at me.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
Hey, Wayne, thank for that blog book report.
You must be a mic actually.
I did really love it.
Without a fitsco show.
I'm worried.
Hey, listen, I'll tell you one thing.
There ain't no other station.
Even Power 96 don't give you those sound effects
that we give it up.
Like that.
That was really exciting.
I just punched the red button there.
I thought I was getting like feedback
from the South Florida audience.
I'm so used to it.
That's the kind of hate.
I can understand, man,
hurricanes, the adults absolutely sucked.
The panthers are locked out.
They're going to be no hockey games
not that anybody really cares.
It's kind of like everything is so negative, you know?
And here they're always giving me that crap.
Oh, you're so negative.
You're so negative.
No, I'm not.
I'm positively ecstatic.
If the sun is shining here,
it's 75.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
Everybody's friendly.
Everybody's in a really good mood.
And so there ain't going to be no make-believe hockey season
this year.
You know what?
Who gives a crap?
And that really would have boils down to?
I mean, yeah, you know.
I don't.
You know, like go out and get leads.
Stuff like anything, whatever.
As opposed to just sitting around waiting to watch a bunch of other people
were in juxtraps.
You know, it's like me telling everyone,
yeah, it's that, you know, after a while,
it gets a little stale.
All of a sudden,
we shouldn't say that on this station
because, and what are they going to change that logo I should ask?
The logo.
Yeah, the sports, whatever,
I'm 100% sure.
40 videos.
Well, it's not sports, maybe,
when you got sure this is a clock at a morning where I'm told,
two or three, so there's eight hours.
That's a turn of the day right there.
That's a fast heart.
That is not sports.
It's almost two o'clock sports time.
And there's almost sports time.
In fact, we got Mr. Sports,
oh, man, can you imagine what?
Oh, I can't even begin to imagine the kind of sour frame of mind,
and Mr. Mad Dog is going to have today,
two o'clock, only moments away.
And the hump or two, I'm sure, is going to be,
I mean, let's face it, there is no way to paint a pretty picture there.
Okay, they stink.
They stink, they suck.
The ones that got to go to God.
And what did I tell you?
They hadn't even get a quarterback.
Their offensive line is as offensive as it gets.
And generally speaking, when you shmere away all of the exterior crap,
they suck.
Bye, bye, bye.
I want to give you a kiss.
Kiss me on the mountain.
