South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico.
We're gonna California and Texas and New York.
We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're gonna wash it in DC to take back the White House.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Such beastie, muttly skin.
Let me run my fingers through your thick, ubiquitous...
Oh!
Oh!
Hey, cat!
Hey, cat!
What?
You were a slut again.
So I brought this show here.
That was really nice here, Gully.
Really nice.
You're welcome, Mom.
Now, come a little closer so I can give you a kiss.
Okay, Mom.
How?
What you fight my nose for?
You're okay, but I'm in a little of my teeth.
I'm pretty much a dream about Mary Hutline, that's why.
Oh!
That's for that!
I ain't gonna tell you who's in the other room,
ain't gonna be on this show.
Not in a million years!
Why?
I'm farting.
So who's out there?
Joe Nainey.
Broadway, Joe!
We'll get him in here.
Hey!
Money, Joe!
Oh!
Oh, boy!
Oh, boy!
Hi!
Hey, uh!
I got some coffee, fight Gully over here, Joe.
You wanna come?
I don't have our coffee, baby.
I don't wanna kiss you.
Yeah, you sure not, I'll wait a minute.
You got it all wrong.
I'm not.
I'll take two brothers in a tent.
Wait, I'm not at all wrong.
Oh!
What do you mean?
Oh, my God!
Oh!
Oh!
I'm sorry.
Yeah, you got the wet noodles, don't you?
Yeah, I can no longer play.
10-0-2-5-60-W-DQ-M, can I talk it all today?
I mean, what am I doing here?
I don't know.
Sit down.
I don't feel so bad.
I'm earning a check.
I can't, you could be sitting here.
I'm still running into check.
Let's give it a try.
So here's some more excuses about why the rating sucked for QAM.
No, they didn't suck.
I mean, you know, they were not even bonus.
Some of us made bonus.
She was singing for the first time in How Long.
So a little Maddie Bell comes in and tells us
that this is because of the no-call deal that they have now for telemarketers
that Arbitron can't call...
I guess they had a big to-do in LA with their book, too,
and it was all screwed up like ours.
And I guess a lot of others, too.
So if people who are chosen to fill out the diaries,
don't return them.
It used to be they would call them, there's a reminder.
And please, you know, send in your diaries.
And that's what we said to you, please, you know.
Right? Right.
We're not telling people to lie or to fudge it.
But if you're listening to us, please fill out the diaries, send it back.
I mean, they're painting like a buck or two, whatever it is.
Fill it up, honestly.
Right. Well, clearly.
Right.
And send it in.
And be very loyal to us and send it in.
Because the ethnic people for whatever reason,
I guess they can use the five bucks.
I know this sounds like discrimination in reverse.
But ethnic minorities, they get five bucks per diorama.
And that ain't right.
And us white folks, we get like, is it a buck or two bucks?
You white folks?
Us white folks.
Oh, that's right.
Me white folks.
And you Indian folks.
You Arab folks.
Right.
And you white folks.
Us Sephardic folks.
So at any rate, folk them, that's what I would say about all of that.
So it was a little bit screwed up.
Moe did pretty good.
Got to tip my little tip of the wig to Moe.
Mm-hmm.
For wasn't the spicks voting for him.
It was all the codgers.
Is that what it was?
Well, actually, we did fine except 35 to 54 year old men.
Which is usually one of our right.
Strongly older.
Right.
Wow, I would say 35 to 54.
It's younger than me.
Older than the 18 to 34.
18 to 49.
We were number one.
Right.
We're number one.
Okay.
There you go.
And pick me up to the side of the goofy.
No, seriously, 18 to 49 men, we did fine.
I don't want to have to rationalize all of us.
The audience don't want to hear this crap.
They want to hear that stuff about how we're deemed crazy person.
We'll take the poll on that at 11 o'clock.
You got an earlier poll that you inspired me on yesterday.
Better put that up right away.
Here's the, your result.
I can't talk.
You're doing fine.
I'm just telling you I can't talk.
I can't understand you.
You don't get it.
Just turn the microphone up a little louder.
It's almost all the way up.
What's your take on marriage, George Wanda?
Of course, we know why he's taking that, don't we?
Only good if you're really in love.
346.
346 said if you're in love.
An act of insanity, 191.
I voted on that from the house.
I voted on that.
It's for suckers, 173.
I voted on that.
It's a wonderful institution, 118.
It's necessary for having children, 104.
Well, somebody better tell David Letterman that.
Right?
And all these other old parts that are making babies
without getting married.
Right?
Right.
It's not necessary for making babies.
Oh, yeah, it is.
Piece of paper.
And then you can bang your brains out.
And for street couples only 67 out of 999 votes.
I bet if I let it go for like just a half a second here,
you go for a thousand.
Huh?
I bet you right now it's going to go up to a thousand.
I just refreshed it.
Yeah.
And it's a thousand and one.
There you go.
So 6.7% of the audience said it's for street couples only.
And that inspired me for today's first poll.
Okay.
By the way, Carrie's way ahead in Massachusetts.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
10 points up.
What?
Somebody doesn't like it.
Is Howard?
I guess it's that name.
I think so.
It's Jankst.
The name is Jankst.
If his name was like Jimmy Dean, right?
James Dean.
Or Timmy Dean.
Mm-hmm.
But Howard Dean.
Here's the first poll.
People who oppose gay marriage are.
Correct.
Stupid.
Old-fashioned.
Digits or Republicans.
That's the little redundant there aren't you?
No.
Well, I mean there's some overlaps.
They can't Republicans.
There's some overlap.
There could be a few Republicans who aren't bigot.
But wait.
Wait a minute.
Why do I so Peter Wrel got his ass kicked by Darcy Hortachak last night?
That was a hell of a game.
I didn't go.
I went Monday.
Pretty poultry crowds, man.
And they're giving away.
I don't want to lecture the Panther organization, but I will anyway.
It's like Kathy Willow's used to say, and Scroans is the same thing.
When you give it away too much, then nobody's ever going to pay for it.
And it's the same thing with tickets to sporting events.
Two for one, ten for one.
Here's all bunch of...
And I understand you try to get some asses in the seats, make it look less embarrassing.
But when you give it away, it's pretty hard to get paid.
Plus, Monday night, what are you smirking about?
Nothing.
Scroan?
Yeah.
Wow. Who's she giving away to now?
Now?
Roy!
Any moment?
Anybody with a penis?
Uh, so anyway, what was I saying before we got all whipped up about Scroan?
The Panther organization's giving tickets away to the people who pay for it.
Now, where'd you go to like, to Mimey's subs and you buy like, uh, Partridge and a pear tree, you get two free tickets.
So, when you see those, Paul Tree crowds in there, especially last night for Kara, I mean, they'll hold up the January to give it like two for one deals.
Now, first of all, it means they're losing a crap load of money, which we already know.
Uh, secondly, the season ticket order is a lot of them.
And I only saw about 20 people that have ever seen me for my life on, uh, out of about maybe 10,000 or around Monday night, and I'm exaggerating.
Maybe 20 people that I ever saw before.
And all of the people in my section that came and said, I had one thing to say, well, many things, but they're not happy.
And when people are paying through the nose for tickets and they look around and see a lot of other people are getting seats for free, and they're paying six grand a year for season ticket holders, they're getting really pissed off.
And I realized the season ticket holders are getting all these freebies in the mail, but that's not the point.
That isn't the point.
If you go into restaurant, you order a nice steak dinner, and you pay, well, 40 bucks for dinner.
Mm-hmm.
And there's two people across the way who are getting the same exact thing for free, and they're not in radio, then you're going to have a hard time to be pissed off.
They're in radio, they're probably eating for free.
Right. Like, for real.
That's how you should be.
I got some for us.
Anyway, for all the crap in this book, right, very well, even in the young demos, he did crap.
Okay.
Huh. Well, let's look.
You want to look?
Because we have the R by hour and Mo beat him.
You look and read it to me.
See, one thing about me is I don't lie about the numbers, unlike some people.
18 to 34 men.
You want to hear it?
I know what's boring.
No.
Fascinating.
Is it?
Yeah.
Five to six AM. Mo's got a four nine.
Then he's got a three four.
For real.
And then he's got a two nine.
Not too good.
For real, he's got a two eight and a two six.
Then we got six, two, seven, four, five, two, and five point.
Oh!
Do you want to mean?
Yeah.
And that should have been his demo.
Right.
Correct.
So in spite of what this audience is always telling us about, oh, they love for real and he was so great and they want to back.
Where was it?
Where is the beef?
You know what I mean?
Where is it?
Where's the meat?
Right.
And you're bigger than us once to blame the specs.
What's his excuse for not doing well in specs?
The specs.
They didn't like him either.
Why not?
They didn't even sell you a cruise.
Yeah, he did.
He did?
You said he didn't like him.
Something like that.
You know what else he said about senior cruise?
He said that too.
So there's our first poll today.
The second poll we're going to take on him.
What?
Now, how much have you discussed that last two days?
We discussed it yesterday.
The girl made me aware of it.
We had to drop in.
Maybe we were aware of it.
That we had to drop in.
But he made you aware of it.
I didn't see it.
Yeah.
Initially, I've seen it since.
A lot.
How many times an hour are they showing that?
About 30 minutes.
I still don't care.
Even on the food channel, they're showing it.
So he's getting into the pharmaceutical cabinet.
I still have it.
Well, that's one of my choices.
I'm going to take it to the second poll now.
We'll just kill the first hour with this other one.
There's nothing to discuss.
Second poll, what's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
I've got five choices for you.
He's lost it.
I'm still for him.
He was just rallying his troops.
I never liked him anyhow.
The doctor is self-medicating too much.
Or I'm glad we found out about him now.
You know what I mean?
Before it's too late.
Before he had the finger on the button.
A long way to go to get his radio.
Maybe just a little bit too volatile for the American public.
Just a beat.
Right.
So that won't put that up at 11 o'clock.
And then you can cast your vote.
And we'll see if he's dropping as much.
Because you know we got a very protein audience out there.
We took that poll just on Monday.
As Quincins would have it.
Who are you pulling it for in Iowa?
And if you thought he dropped fast in Iowa,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
I'll get the Boston Herald.
I got the latest poll.
Kerry's ten points ahead already.
Yeah.
And we got almost a week to go.
We got till Tuesday.
Well, you'll never catch him screaming or speaking up.
Kerry.
Yeah.
You might go.
Hey, listen.
Don't knock the old man.
Okay.
Hey, whatever.
We'll take it.
That's what Moses said.
Serve it up.
We'll take it.
11 past ten at the QAM.
Oh, I forgot where it is.
Yeah.
George.
Are you in the market for a mortgage?
Have you been taking it for another time to refinance your home?
If you want a great rate of 3.95 percent and pick up that phone
and call financial group, 80940 LED.
There's a mortgage program out there.
3.95 percent that's available for the refinancing or the purchasing of your home.
Call financial group 80940 LED.
You know, every month millions of people are buying homes or refinancing homes with this program.
And it's available to you just by calling that financial group at 8009405363.
The bigger the mortgage, the bigger your savings.
Paying a higher rate for your mortgage someplace else costs you thousands of dollars each year.
So increase your cash flow by cutting down that mortgage payment.
Call financial group and put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95 percent mortgage.
This program can really save you thousands of dollars each year.
Don't wait.
Call them today.
Financial group 800940 LED.
That's 8009405363.
Equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice.
My, my, and local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You weigh a few, eh?
By the way.
The real-dressed corporate execs and ABCs cost effective programming who are on a mission to impress themselves.
And then with, have developed a new reality show that's even better than Trista and Ryan's wedding.
Oh.
Coming soon to ABC.
Celebrity slapped out.
Each week a different celebrity will be locked in a room and slapped around, starting with Bill O'Reilly.
Are you ready Bill?
Sure.
I'm a pretty tough guy, you know.
I grew up in Levitau.
But branch of the service were you in?
Well, I am.
And for the question of the way that you got out.
I'd like to add authority on anything, cowboyed boys.
Shut up.
You should have heard of it for a favor.
And it's messy, aren't you?
Yeah, you are poor.
You are poor.
Don't miss celebrity slapped out.
For marrying during the next post-poll of NYPD Blue, we only hit we have.
1017 at 560 WQM.
I'm sorry that I can't speak today.
I feel pretty good by just can't talk.
That's the way it goes.
I'll do the best I can.
I'm causing up real tight to the mic.
Okay.
I almost got it in my mouth.
And anyway, the first poll today.
I don't even know whether we should bother with the first one because Eric slept in this morning.
It's a good thing that I asked you that question about what the hell is he waiting for.
Oh, I didn't say that, did I?
Like, what the f is he doing?
What the fuc is he doing up there in Orlando?
That lazy fat slob?
I didn't say that, did I?
He's been doing such a great job for us.
Yes indeed.
And by the way, the thing that you fact me yesterday or emailed me about yesterday, Eric, I'm well aware of that.
But it ain't working yet.
But I guess he's working on that too in between apps.
Well, no, he's got a lot of fish to fry.
And he loves to catch fish.
I'm in the misses go up.
Yeah, they go pollinant.
In the backyard.
Yeah, they're pollinant in the backyard for them big catfish.
Do you ever have catfish?
Yeah.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Well, I don't like fish anyway.
We're not great.
But the thought of bottom feeders, you know, right?
Trayf.
Trayf, absolutely.
So the first poll is going up there.
I don't even know whether we should bother with it.
Yeah, well, he's probably working.
Well, we'll do it until 11.
Because the main thing we want to find out about is what's your take on that?
The top financial officer, the Cleveland Catholic diocese, has warmed church leaders to expect shocking numbers.
When local figures are released as part of a nationwide report on the extended cost of child sexual abuse.
How do you like that?
Copy.
The findings from the past 52 years are containment of the survey of the 190 U.S. diocese conducted by the John J College of Criminal Justice.
The results of the survey commissioned by the nation's bishops are scheduled to be announced February 27th.
Market on your calendar.
Many bishops around the country already publicly disclose the findings for their dioceses and Bishop Anthony Pila.
Oh, is he keen to pilar on passions, I bet?
Oh, come on, Mijo.
Is expected to provide a balanced look at the Cleveland dioceses.
His number is not extra.
Always. It's bad. In other words, it's really bad.
Mijo.
Shocking. Mijo.
Let's see. What can I give away about the...
Oh, yeah. Cheerity hops in bed with Reese with a new bulked punk Reese.
And then today's passions.
And Miguel walks in and goes.
Just like that when he sees the two of them in bed in the sack.
Oh, let's spread it around a little bit.
St. Paul Rabbi.
And Temple sued for sexual exploitation.
A girl like that.
Yeah, you know what the Rabbi said?
Boy!
A former female member of the Temple of Aaron in St. Paul Charge yesterday in a lawsuit that Rabbi Jonathan Ginsburg.
What kind of a Jewish name is Jonathan?
They're biblical?
I don't know, no Jews name Jonathan.
Anyway, she said that Rabbi Jonathan Ginsburg,
I wonder if he's akin to Arne Ginsburg,
sexually exploited or by counseling her for more than two years.
The maplewood woman alleges that Ginsburg knew she was emotionally vulnerable
because he learned about counseling or that she was recently divorced
and been sexually and emotionally abused in the past.
Philip Vilaum, her attorney, said she's been extremely traumatized by Ginsburg's conduct
and feels that Temple officials did virtually nothing when she complained to them.
See, I'm thinking if I talk the whole four hours...
Boy!
That tomorrow you'll be doing the show again.
No, I got nothing there.
There's nothing there.
See what I'm saying?
No.
Somebody else may all...
No, I'm Tonya.
Oh, the poll is up.
Eric finally dragged his fat ass out of the sack.
See, when you're really fat, you like to lie in the corner and sleep a lot.
You don't like a beer?
Like to hibernate.
People who oppose gay marriage are...
Let's see, let me cast my vote.
I voted.
Want from Republicans?
No bigots.
Okay, I just cast my vote.
That's what I voted.
Eight stupid, seven bigots, three Republicans,
two say correct and two old fascinators, the first 22 votes.
You only got 11 o'clock to vote on that, so you better hop on it right away.
Speaking of hopping on it, two things.
What?
That doll.
Oh yeah.
I don't make this an agent progress in Liberty.
Thanks to one of our good friends.
I don't want to say his name on a year who gave this to me.
Because he's a sponsor.
Okay.
I don't think it would be smart for him to get involved politically, okay?
Because even right wing assholes have to lose weight.
Although it's the president of George W. Bush talking action figure.
And you don't even have to take it out of its lovely box.
You just press it under the American flag, lapel thing there.
Yeah.
The little little pin.
And you press it where the heart should be.
And...
I have to call one after tonight.
Okay.
I have to put it in place for this great nation.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, believe me.
We ain't got a prayer.
Of course, people probably wondering what I thought of a state of the union speech the other night.
And I watched it for about...
About 30 minutes.
Seconds.
And I was it.
I wouldn't watch that one.
I was watching hockey.
I was watching to make believes.
Something important.
More important to me than watching his craft day and straight.
I did watch the Democratic response though, all of it afterward.
I thought it was Iceland.
Credit one night.
What's your name?
Nancy Pelosi.
C.
And Tom Dashel.
Who actually was very good.
Which is a surprising thing for him.
He can be very good if it's scripted and he's, you know, kind of low key.
He doesn't get carried away, Tom Dashel.
Like that.
Man admits stuffing shrimp into pants.
I read that.
You already had this on?
Yeah.
Oh, I'll read it again.
Because you know when you're on, right?
A manly, the guilty retail theft allegedly stuffing $73 worth of shrimp down his pants.
At a grocery store, this is Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
Oh, holy town of...
And then fleeing from the store without paying.
He stuffed the shrimp into his pantaloonies.
Johnny Rodriguez.
Oh, he...
48.
Inclaible.
A Bethlehem township pleaded guilty yesterday in the case.
Northampton County judge F.P. Kimberly McFadden deferred sentencing.
According to records, Rodriguez was in the Heights Market, October 12th, when a worker allegedly noticed that he had his pants on done,
and was sticking items down his pants.
Maybe he was just re-adjusting his private.
Right.
Maybe he was just checking to see if it was all still there.
The worker approached Rodriguez, who began moving bags of shrimp from his pants.
Sounds fishy to me, but when ordered to stay there, he... until police arrived, he fled, court record said.
A 30-set he made off with four bags of shrimp.
Police said Rodriguez has been convicted of retail theft three times.
He likes stuff and stuff in his pants.
Who doesn't?
It depends on what it is.
So let's see, I was about to say that the lovely Katrina's lost 18 pounds of balance for life, and...
She really is the nicest person in this building.
I mentioned.
Love you, Katrina.
You're the best.
And she brought me a big toolier bottle.
Take me to your leader of Lyme Diet Coke.
You'll have to tell me how it is.
You haven't had it yet?
Not out of bottle.
I've already had some dirt brought some of this to the...
Oh, I got to tell you a great fat rich story.
Okay.
It'll make you pee in your pants.
So Tuesday morning, I'm sitting on the throne, and I got the bag cold.
And I do want the audience to know if this is a sick building, and somebody should call OSHA, and complain again.
You know it's true.
You have?
You witnessed it.
I'm sitting in here on the air Monday, one to two hours, right right off the bat, and I'm sitting here in all of a sudden I feel.
You can feel the germs, and that was the day after it rained, and the...
Right, and the leak in my eye.
The other room was leaking out, and the hallway, and the water was dripping down, and all the mildew and crud in here.
I felt like I was back in the department of Amsterdam.
Well, that's because I'm not... I'm smart.
I'm not here most of the time.
But I am getting infected all the time.
And that's why Moe has been sick a lot lately, and guilty, and the Humper, and me, and you, and everybody.
Because it's a sick building.
So anyway, I wake up Tuesday and I've got the...
You know, because it was the hockey game Monday night, which didn't help, because it's really cold in the area, you know.
But it was here that made me sick.
And I'm thrown.
I know I'm going to call... I don't have your number, because I got it up all my numbers open to Ronald.
So I figured I'll call Moe at home, our operations manager, and I'll tell my ink coming in, because I got a bad cold.
I got a sore throat. I can't talk.
So I'm sitting there contemplating this, and the phone rings.
And I thought to myself, who the fukus calling me at 7.20 in the morning.
Right, it's that rich.
And he says,
You want to go to night?
Do I want to go... Not in a little home. Listen to me.
Here's the best part of the story.
I said to him, what day is it?
I said, it's Tuesday, Rich.
Oh yeah, but they raised five nights a week.
I said, Monday, Wednesday.
Even you know this from the copy.
From the right.
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
Oh, Jesus!
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
He was probably calling you from bed.
Remember that movie, Magnificent Obsession?
Yeah.
I mean, I enjoy the track.
I enjoy being with Rich, Derek, all of that.
But I want to say this.
You know, fat Rich reminds me of my mother.
Right.
And, you know, and I'm not feeling all that great.
Which I didn't even bother telling them that.
But they don't race on Tuesday.
I mean, they're sinalcasting.
We want to go for that, of course not.
I wanted to say...
That. That's what I wanted to say.
Let's make advanced plans.
I had a sore throat, or I would have just responded by saying.
You're a crazy person.
Just leave me alone already with your freaking track.
You got a phone by the toilet there?
No.
In my bedroom.
I see.
Oh, I had to do, uh...
Oh!
And guess what they're showing now on the local news on Channel 4.
I'll give you a clue.
Duty.
They showed poop.
They showed poop on the news.
They're doing a story about this guy.
This scumbag that left the two, um...
Oh, yeah.
Little kids in a motor.
Sure.
Over and over again, they're showing that.
The guy would be having insert a rest warrant.
And his whole wife.
Yeah.
And, and, and, and the woman he was with, by the way,
wasn't his wife.
That makes his father...
Oh, whatever.
Yeah.
The prostitute mother.
So they, so they showed...
They were describing in great detail how the kids were left insurled underpants.
And they showed in the car.
There was a, um...
What do you call those little things?
Car seat?
No, not a car seat.
Maybe it was a car seat.
A kid, a little baby car seat.
And they showed the car seat with poop on it.
And I talked to myself, you know,
we can't say crap in America because the FCC,
because Colin Powell's son is an asshole.
And the right wingers are all uptight and they want us to say asshole on here.
But now they're showing...
Crap on here.
We can say Colin.
We can show it to you.
But we can't say it.
Right.
So, for all you horny guys out there,
the good news is we can't save a Jaina on here.
But on the news tonight, we're gonna see some.
Oh, and...
Who's speaking of Dan Rather's nose?
Yeah.
So, you see, he had the, the basal cell carcinoma removed or whatever it is.
The skin can't save from his nose.
And he made a big deal out of that on here.
Well, last night I think there was segment in the end of the CBS evening news about, you know,
about Gebhardt and other Ed Muskie,
about politicians who have cried in public.
And I thought to myself,
Dan, I was supposed to have such a short memory, Dan.
I mean, Dan, you demand.
And I thought at least for a sense of humor put that on there at the end, they didn't do it.
They could have.
They should have.
And his, no, I guess you don't watch him.
No.
But since he had the, sometimes, since he had the snot pulled off the end of his nose,
he, it looks like somebody's put a condom on the end of his nose.
No.
And really does.
It looked, it all condom nose Dan.
Not that I want to condemn a condom, a Dan.
Oh, say 25 say people who oppose gay marriage are bigots.
If I'll say you're stupid, 10 say you're correct.
That's right.
15% say you're correct.
As the president said the other night, if we have to have a constitution,
whatever it takes to keep them fags apart, old fashioned 10 and Republicans 10,
1027 at 560 QAM.
What happened there?
Where?
Well, we're having, we're sure having problems here today, you know what?
You want to know what happened?
I don't know.
Somehow, and don't ask me how.
That's the other one.
That's the other one.
No.
I just want to scream.
I guess we'll play them the next break.
You don't want to hear that Paxton song anyway, do you?
There's a Paxton song?
Oh, that Paxton song.
Don't you remember we're going to work for Paxton?
Sure.
Well, we don't have time for that anyway.
Okay.
So it's always an act of God that does that just now.
Oh, God.
We're a little out of sorts here today.
And let me say one more thing about that book.
I could say several more things.
18 to 34 WCMQFM, the salsa station, I guess it is.
I didn't do squat.
No, that's hope.
We did great.
Right.
But 35 up.
So all the older, and of course 36 is hardly old, especially when you're old for like me.
But the 35, once you get to be 36,
all the Hispanic men are turning on each other.
They're turning on each other.
Which is why they like Cedar Cruz so much because they know he's she had a gigantic one.
Oh, it's him, Mungus.
You ever see it?
No.
Oh, man.
First of all, at least I think it was the banana that used to be on Carmen Miranda's head.
But at any rate.
So is anybody believing that?
No.
So kid Curry, I don't want to say he overreacted there down the hall of power 96.
But you were telling me we do like him a lot.
He's a good guy.
But when ratings came out, kids scurvy gets on the intercom on the PA and the building.
All power 96 employees immediately report through, you know, for programming or whatever.
And they're having a program at meat.
And you could hear from inside the room, they're all going like that.
Yeah, I keep listening to that.
And of course we've seen it 4,000 times this week already.
Like they're just desperate to bury him.
And maybe it's a good idea.
But what would he have done if he would have won?
He came in a disappointing week third.
It would have screamed.
But well, no, seriously, I mean if he went like that coming in third.
Yeah.
And just disappointing and just fading like a like a puke in the stretch of the track.
Hey, by the way, Rich, let's go to the track.
Seriously, the more I think about that story, isn't that just amazing to you?
He's calling me to go to the track with him on a day when they're not even running.
He's trying to make plans.
Let's to arrange that bread.
Cut the crap, Rich.
Paxton TV founder, the very religious, low old bud Paxton, the real asshole,
is tossing his son out of his house as the New York Post.
Paxton's TV network is all about family, friendly fear.
Has filed a lawsuit against 38-year-old Devon Paxton and his wife to force them to sell the house
father and son bought jointly for $2.3 million in 2000.
This would force the couple and Paxton's grandchildren out of the house,
of which but owns 59% and Devon 41%.
Well, maybe he could live like in two-fifths of the house.
The back room.
Right.
The back room.
According to reports, the move was intended to force Devon to pony up roughly a million dollars that he owes Daddy.
Well, Daddy, come on.
You're putting all that good family first.
You're supposed to be the family man on there, Daddy.
And you still all made that money from 1973 and Sarasota.
You ever going to pony that up?
No.
No.
Pony bastard.
Kerry storms ahead in the Granite State in New Hampshire.
The Bay State Senator rolled past longtime frontrunner Howard Dean by a gaping 31 to 21% in the new pool.
Came out last night in the Boston Herald.
31 to 21%.
A week or so ago, I mean, it was down a little bit, but Dean was ahead at Clark by like 20 points.
Right.
One point he was like, how many points ahead?
About 30, man.
Way ahead in New Hampshire.
But following that debacle in Iowa, Dean is dropping like a rock in the Granite State.
Like a...
Grand.
Grand.
A general Wesley Clark was been closing in on Dean while the rest of the Democratic PAC was battling in Iowa.
Slip back in a third place with 16.
He was doing 20% in the pool just before this one.
Now he's 16.
You following that?
Yes.
So he's in third.
John Edwards, in fourth place, he was only 5% last week.
He's up to 11% now in climbing.
Hey, you know something?
He may be a little bit of a drawler, but he might be the guy.
He might be, I was thinking that.
And, you know, and see, the important thing is, and people are going to say, well, you know you, you're a phone and you jumped off that Dean Van Wagon.
The fact that it matters is he can't win now.
I don't know if he could have won before.
I was hoping.
But he can't win now.
Know how?
Not in no way.
You never know.
You...
Are you crazy?
Maybe.
Are you off your rocker?
You need to start self-medicated.
Okay.
A lot more.
I'm golden right now.
How about you are?
Call your friend.
So anyway, Edwards is in fourth place.
Who else?
Nobody else has got anything that really counts.
Poor Dennis Kassonich.
See, the guy that makes the most sense and really tells it like it is, he even got a challenge chance.
Nope.
Bad hair piece.
And teeth.
And bad teeth.
And about two feet tall.
That's what many Bell was bitching about before.
He said, all the short people get stepped on.
And I did.
I stepped right on him.
Oh, Julie Brumman right away is got 4%.
Kassonich 2%.
Al Sharpton less than 1.
Because New Hampshire don't have too many schwarzes.
Like Iowa.
Right.
So Sharpton's waiting for like South Carolina.
Nothing could be finer than a schwarz in South Carolina.
Because there's a lot of dark folks down there.
Right?
How about North Carolina?
Uh, yes.
Not as much as South Carolina.
They just keep them in their places at it.
And what about that Ariel Sharon?
Oh, baby.
They face indictment in bribery case.
Oh.
That was a great piece of news.
W-Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Carry a network together could overthrow this regime we've got.
I think carry and Bob Graham is VP.
Uh, Bob Graham.
In fact, in fact, Bob Graham was on last night with Wolf Blitzkrieg or somebody.
And he asked him right out if he would take the VP thing and he said that whatever they asked him to do to help the country he would do it.
I believe he said, ah!
He said, ah!
He said, ah!
He did say that.
No, I think that was a critique of when Florida Bob Graham is the most popular politician in the history of Florida.
Right?
And Florida is going to be pivotal and we need to win by more than 5,000 votes because they got the rest of it fixed.
Yeah.
I think we did it.
Carry and uh, Graham.
Don't you think that's a good type of thing?
I love it.
Well, and I will say, you know, I probably shouldn't say this because it sounds like a phony thing.
But it is true before we even really knew who Howard Dean was.
Who is my first choice?
Howard Dean.
No.
John Kerry.
Oh, way way back when?
Like last year.
Yeah.
I like Edwards better than Kerry.
Younger.
Right?
Or a lot better looking.
Yeah, he doesn't do anything for me.
Um.
No, he's got to be, he looks a little under the age of 100, although Kerry looks like I said presidentially, looks like he's already guys.
He looks like his face is already etched on Mount Rushmore.
And that's what, that's what, it's that's right.
That's what the Dolphins needed to do is Rushmore.
Come on Ricky, get rid of that haircut.
I'm going to start listening Rushmore.
We need to listen to Rushmore.
Especially your people.
QAM.
Yes sir.
I'll just hope that Ariel Shirol, man.
He needs to test guy.
What do you say?
Ariel Shirol needs to just die.
Oh, well, he will someday.
And his really court charge to real estate developer yesterday with paying more than a half a million dollars in bribes to Ariel Shirol.
Oh, okay, sir.
Could force the Prime Minister to step aside.
Oh, right.
Oh, thank God for the future of the human race.
But then he'll have lots of time to eat crap, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Eat deli.
While Shirol has not been charged yet, just as ministry officials say they're considering whether to indict the Israeli leader, the officials say that this is an expected in the coming weeks or months, his spokesman, Asaf Sharive,
would not come out of the case except to say, I can guarantee there will not be an indictment.
Well, maybe the fix is in.
He said I can guarantee it.
Mm-hmm.
How do you like that?
Sounds like a phoney deal to me.
But that's good news because if we can get him an error fart both out of there, maybe they can just go, they can go with Wesley Clark to the deli then or the rascal house, huh?
That's not where I want to send them.
And just eat a lot of deli.
Keep them out of our hair.
Keep them out of the future of the human race.
By the way, all of this stuff about Mars, what's going to happen because it's pretty obvious now that there was once water on Mars is really important.
They still have ice caps.
Pull the rice cap.
Like I said, there was once where there's water, there's life.
Right?
And what is that to do the religious assholes?
Shut up.
And the fact that they keep talking even so about things that happened billions of years ago, you know?
Right.
No, it didn't.
Oh, I see that's right.
It's carbon dating.
It's a, or luckily, let's say, tannic plus, tannic, clunt.
How can the Bible be right?
5,000, 6,000 years.
All I craft.
That's when God created.
I mean, anybody, a thinking person who can still believe that crap, a crap, crap, crop, crop, crop, Satanist, Satanist, mental health.
That's the thing for you.
The scientists, the scientists, the scientists, the scientists, the religious folks out there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In fact, and I'm seeing more and more of them signs now.
And how did you see all the protesters against Bush yesterday?
Yeah.
And the sign said Bush, you go to Mars.
Right.
Well, Packham, a Salami sandwich.
Sounds good to me.
Now let's see if we can do this break and come back out of it and do all of the stuff right.
You want to try it?
We can try it.
1041 at 560.
Yeah.
Yeah.
QA.
If you're in a really crappy, dead end job, you can do something about it.
New years resolutions don't happen.
I like by automation.
You have to do something though.
You have to get off your ass and make a phone call to put plans in action.
That's all you have to do.
Those make that one easy call to fast train.
Tool free.
1-866.
Fast train.
Classes are underway right now as I speak.
If you're committed and dedicated, fast train can help you in becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months.
That's why I teach you a new high-paying career in just four short months.
The demand for a certified computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
And fast train offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes to job placement assistants, financial aid for guys who qualify.
So if you're tired of working for a schmuck, if you're tired of working for minimum wage, if you'd like to have a decent paycheck and a good life that goes along with it, call fast train today and change your life for the better.
Call 1-866 fast train.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com, but whatever you do, hop on that train of opportunity and make that call today.
Be sure in town that old Todd Dreck.
That's with a big D totally to call 1-866 fast train.
My life and love all this is 4205 City.
You will be in New Year.
And North Dakota and New Mexico.
We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington and East Sea to take back the White House.
Yeah!
Absolutely.
Oh!
Saddam the filthy dirt bag.
He was hiding in the ground.
And unlike his chemical weapons, he has finally been found.
Now we'll interrogate him.
Find out everything he knows.
When we have all that we want, back into the ground he goes.
On one fine Iraqi, soldiers came to say,
Saddam, with your breath so bad, regards from George Bush and his dad.
Now that he's in the jail cell, it's a Merry Christmas scene.
For every person on earth unless your name is Howard Dean.
What the hell was that?
We're having all kinds of problems here today, you know what I'm saying?
I like it.
What was that?
It was...
Oh!
But we didn't want that right there.
I don't know what's going on here.
Anyway, here's the fact that says Neil, I like to watch most of the court shows on TV.
Like Judge Mathis and the others.
You know who I've been watching this week?
Well I've been home sick.
Judge Judy.
Yeah.
I was hoping that you saw a show...
Well, one of her shows yesterday that I happened to catch.
Made me want to scream.
She was ripping this guy that's talking in the theater guy.
Did you happen to see that one?
No.
And the woman spilled the coke on his head.
Oh yeah, it's terrible.
It didn't see that.
It was great.
See, it's turned into a pure comedy show.
I just want the public to know.
That's all it is.
Yeah, but she's right.
Yeah, so...
And she don't take any credit for anybody.
Everybody's an asshole.
And she's got a good point.
She might be an asshole too, but she's got the robot.
Anyway, it says one thing I've noticed, Niels,
that when a judge is black and a bailiff is white,
when the judge is white, you guessed it to bailiff be black.
Can you tell me why?
Well, it's like Fitty Fitty.
Look, balance ticket.
Right, we have to have a balance ticket.
Right?
Now if he runs, that would be...
Would that be an unbalanced ticket?
Yeah.
An unbalanced ticket.
Dean would just about anybody.
160 votes on poll number one.
This is just a warm-up.
And again, Erica apologizes for sleeping in the get.
And he wishes you just, you know, would forgive him.
Can we forgive him?
No, no.
Don't do it again, Fatso.
People who oppose game marriage are bigots.
How many votes we got?
163.
56a bigots.
29 say correct.
That's 17.7%.
That's the bush crowd.
There's our 17a.
18% again.
The bush people.
We could have put another one on there.
Stupid 28.
Old fashion 25.
And Republicans 25.
What would be the other one?
Nozy busy bodies.
Or they have no life.
Right. Right.
Why should anybody care?
Well, because the institutions are...
Yeah, right.
What do we say?
They got nothing to do with it.
They create a institution of marriage where everybody is divorced anyway.
Report finds internet voting system is vulnerable.
But before I get into that, see the thing with Howard Dean,
didn't I tell you before that incident that he was self-imploding?
Yes.
And did I rip him and ask for that?
The last two debates, his performance was deplorable.
It was unacceptable.
That's when he started losing it.
That was just a frost.
That's when he sealed his own coffin.
He did that routine.
And immediately picked up on it and just...
And the way they keep doing it over and over again.
Next to me, nauseous.
They're relentless.
Bastards.
Right?
Roughly.
Who would do such a thing?
Bastards.
Like me.
But, you know, when he tried to ask somebody in the audience a question,
when they were supposed to ask each other a question,
and he wouldn't answer.
Or then the one where he was asked the thing by L. Sharpton about how many minorities he had in his cabinet.
And then the next day his people come out and say he wasn't prepared for the question.
It was the black and brown debate.
It was about race.
It was about the people that don't listen to WQAM.
It was about the minority people.
So I told you then that he was just exploding.
Employee.
Oh well.
Well, I know you like them a lot.
I did two months ago.
I don't.
I don't.
I think he's insincere.
I think he's just, you know.
He's just manufactured.
Oh well, with Kerry, what you see is what you get.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he looks presidential.
In fact, doesn't just about anybody compared to what we got looked presidential.
I did turn it on, like I said, Tuesday for about 30 seconds.
And in fact, it was the part where Ted Kennedy was in the audience.
She is.
I thought that was so great.
And I thought to myself, what is wrong with people?
You just look at him and he looks, he looks like Alfred Newman.
And a bad day.
He looks like a moron.
Right.
Well, no, I take that back.
He is a moron and he looks like it.
Right.
He looks the part.
And so when Paul O'Neill, not the guy that played for the Ankeys,
when Paul O'Neill wrote that book and said all of those things,
and the public still doesn't want to believe it.
And now he's talking about not finding weapons of mass destruction,
but weapons of mass destruction programs.
Right.
That's what he was talking about.
Like there was a diagram over here and there was a diagram.
They didn't have nothing, but they were thinking about it.
They had a wish list.
Right.
And everybody gets up when he says, you know, does the thing with saw,
I saw that.
That was the one segment I saw, including Hillary Clinton.
That bitch made me sick.
That pissed me off.
She didn't have the balls to sit down on him.
Yeah.
I can't stand her.
Really?
Well, she's the gal.
She's the one.
I know.
I can't stand her.
I don't know what it is.
I think the only attraction is her last name is Clinton and the tankels.
No, no, seriously.
I think it's the Clinton factor.
America really would love to have Bubba back in.
And this is the closest we can come.
It's maybe Chelsea.
And she's a little bit too ugly even for this crowd.
Huh?
Yeah.
A little too young, a little bit too eugly.
She's grotesque.
Okay.
Here's, let's get that other pull up there in a couple of minutes.
We will.
Because that's what I want to hear from today.
I want to hear all about the, because we got all of them deen people out there.
Yeah.
I want to hear the panther people calling and all three of them saying how they're pissed off
that they're giving away all of them free tickets.
And plus, you don't know who any of the players are.
You don't know who the, I know about six players on the team.
By the way, Bobby L'Hongo is God.
I just mentioned that in passing.
He's unbelievable like it.
He's the whole team.
He's it.
And they got about four or five other guys.
I know who they are.
Another net.
Who are, how are these people?
Stevie Weiss is great.
Love you, Stevie.
But that's about it.
And only joking in with the Mohawk haircut.
But nobody knows who these people are.
So you take all of those things.
They got a new coach every week,
which they're still paying Terry Murray and Mike Keenan for not being there.
And you wonder why they're losing money.
And they're giving tickets away.
You were there, weren't you?
Where?
And internet voting system developed by the Pentagon for US citizens overseas is so vulnerable
to attacks that it should be scrapped for computer security experts said to report released yesterday.
But the Pentagon is standing by the system, which could get its first test February 3rd in South Carolina's primary election.
So there's this another way they're going to fix the votes.
Sure.
The four computer security experts say the secure electronic registration and voting experiment or serve
could be penetrated by hackers if they change votes or gather information about users.
They said the system should be scrapped.
Internet voting presents far too many opportunities for hackers or even terrorists to interfere with fair and accurate voting,
potentially in ways impossible to detect the computer experts said in the statement such tamper could alter election results, particularly in close contests.
And the Republican said, great, where do we get on this?
Yeah, how do we get in on it?
Defense Department spokesman Glenn Fludd said the Pentagon was confident the system secure right.
We believe him?
No.
No. Why would they lose it off the mic you scream?
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What's your take on all these things?
Especially Howard Dean.
That's going to be our second poll.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
He's lost it.
I'm still for him. He was just rallying his troops.
Is it warm in here? Is it me? It seems feels like a...
It's like I keep sounding jacket off and putting it back on like that.
Like a sauna in here. It's like a steam bed. I think it's the mold and mildew.
I never liked him anyhow. The doctor is self-medicating too much or I'm glad we found out about him now.
Those are going to be your five great choices on poll number two.
WQAM.
On Hill?
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
A little bit before I got to the actual north on the Toronto Star.
I'm looking to have a chance to read that.
Yeah, I got it right here.
Okay, what do you think about that?
Because you know, apparently some people outside of the United States don't have any problems actually telling you what it is.
Or that the Canadian media have been right on top of it.
They've been ripping bush and ass right from the beginning.
But the headline is bush act starts to wear thinnest by Haruun Siddiqui.
Who writes a lot of good comms in the star by the way.
That is correct.
Yeah, I just wanted to give you a high pitch up to read that.
Let me go.
I see it at the border.
We will, by the way.
Alright, bring your schmata.
Five six seven.
What? What are you looking like?
Which brand of schmata?
Whatever schmata he's wearing.
Okay, you got to have the right headgear to get in though.
People who oppose game marriage are what do we got?
184 votes.
We're cutting this off after the break.
And we'll put the good one on there.
And we can sink our teeth into it and we can all go.
We're going to go!
A whole bunch of times.
Let me say it again.
In the media are relentless.
There are a bunch of backstards that keep embarrassing Dr. Dean over and over again at Frost My End.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico.
We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington and you see it and take back the White House.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
The part I like the best, because the audio is fun.
But when you see the video and you see the veins popping in his head and his neck,
that's the best part.
Yeah!
Especially when he goes like that.
I thought he was going to pop up a big one.
Anyway, we'll get to that after the break.
And I guess we've faked it to the first hour, okay except for all the technical.
I'm just out of it.
I'm out of it.
I'm out of it.
I'm heavily medicated like Dr. Dean.
I should be heavily.
All I got is cough drops.
Yeah.
I'm going to take it.
Just start to tear up cough drops and cough drops.
Anything I get my hands on.
1056 at 560, QAM.
5 and the local.
This is 560.
The radio is on yours now.
QAM.
QAM.
Now my little brother, I'm Metallica, you jerk.
Come along some foggy.
Cruising down this can.
Oh, right.
I got my whip, my boots, my gildo.
But something's not the same.
Oh, I am a solosome.
This life just ain't for me.
Gonna trade Bernie centoo free.
Big Brucy set me free.
A big Brucy.
I'm going down today.
I opened up my closet and found out I was gay.
I'm so back it gets yourself a queer.
Oh, big Brucy.
Take it up your head.
I'm a jerk.
Yeah.
Brucy.
Wait, no, we had a complete day here in the mall.
That's the original cart.
That's how I eat it.
What's happening?
Pretty good.
Love it 0.2 at 5.60 W.Q.M.
Oh, now I sound better to myself.
Do I sound a little bit better?
Yeah, you warmed up.
You got the whip that you've got.
I just got rid of a whole bunch of flim.
Ooh, nice light yellow though.
Not the lime green to match my brain.
My lime dye cobalt.
Nice eye Katrina, you're the best.
How come she's so nice and there's so many assholes here?
Well, it's one of those things.
There are some nice people around in South Florida.
You have to search for them though.
How many are there?
About 30, man.
Okay, here's the final total.
On the first poll.
We want to get that other one up there.
Right away, Eric and then you can go back to bed.
They didn't have to do anything.
210 votes.
People who oppose game marriage are big at 73.
Correct, 36, 17.1%.
So they are absolutely correct.
35 stupid, 33 old-fashioned and 33 said Republicans.
A lot of crossover there, a lot of overlap.
There are a lot of stupid, bigoted Republicans.
What?
What are you laughing about?
Nothing.
Like I said, a lot of overlap.
A lot of stupid, bigoted Republicans.
Anyway, that's the CMQFM thing.
We got to get some more calls.
But did you talk about that at all?
No.
About what it is and what they play.
Miguel still has some more crews.
This is the problem.
And that was you.
George is responsible for our B-Number 2 instead of number 1.
Because you picked on poor senior crews,
wrestling pieces.
And that's no picking on him.
Yeah.
Are you picking off on a schedule?
Lies?
Moss.
Worm.
Yes, dad.
You're right, she sucked.
She was an embarrassment.
She was like Carmen Miranda.
Brutal for South Florida Cubans.
Oh, so I didn't tell you on the year what I saw yesterday.
I told you before the show.
I'm channel surfing at 10 o'clock yesterday.
We get more.
There's a lot of the benefits of being sick.
Being ready.
You get to catch all kinds of parts.
You know what else I saw?
Which I love.
It's the price is right.
Poor Bob Barker.
He's lost it.
Have you seen that late ring it up?
Yeah, I tried to watch it.
He won game.
Uh, he gave the end of the clock game.
And he said 72, 73, 73.
Right.
And he said higher and it was lower.
And so they had to stop the clock.
And I put Bob's brain back together.
And the contestant went.
Like that.
Yeah.
During the whole show he was lost.
You know, the guy's got millions.
How many more years does he want to work?
About third man.
Jesus.
Does he want to die right on the year?
He will.
And I'm picking him myself.
He outlived Johnny Olson.
Now he's outlived Rod Roddy.
Sure.
I think that's the deal.
He wants to outlive all of the booth announcers on that show.
And the models.
Oh, and Diane's Parkinson too.
That bitch.
Yeah, she's a little shrieking.
Okay, here's the a new poll.
Okay.
Now I'm going to tell you right now how I'm going to vote.
I don't know how I'm going to vote.
Um, there's so many good choices on here.
What aren't there?
Yeah.
I'm going to vote for the bottom one.
I'm glad we found out now.
Right?
For the sake of the union, baby.
For the sake of all of us.
Most of whom are only interested in their next orgasm
and making some cash.
Right?
And of all games.
Other than that, uh, who cares?
Very few people care about all this other crap.
See, I was thinking also the other day while I was sitting on the throne.
You do a lot of thinking when you're sitting on a crap,
you have no reading material.
No question.
And, um, I was thinking about dogs.
Because I do love dogs, as you know.
Mm hmm.
And I was thinking about the fact that dogs don't pollute the air.
Right?
They don't destroy the environment.
Correct.
They don't kill other people.
I mean, once in a while pit bulls, which are in bread to do that kind of thing.
Ain't their fault.
But that's not their fault, especially when they're not being supervised properly.
Um, all of these things that manage them to do and do other dogs don't kill each other.
Dogs don't do dogs because of religion.
Right?
They do only positive productive things for the most part.
Then they crap a lot.
But they can't help that either.
We all do.
Sometimes not my mother though.
She wishes she cracked a lot.
That's that's her one goal.
Just just before we put her in a box, if you could just have one easy, wonderful,
flowing, anticeclic bomb.
No, no, seriously.
You know, you get there.
She would probably cook you lunch for she could just have one great partner,
not an animal talking about a anima free,
a muscle free, a slice free, just a free flowing dump.
And she would, she'd pay a lot of money for that old mom.
That's her whole life is crap.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech?
You know, I will wish you how many more times we're going to play that today?
About 30 minutes.
I'm glad we found out about now.
Seven.
We just have a smattering of votes and just starting to formulate now.
I just didn't formulate.
Seven people said that.
I said that.
What do you say?
I'm still poor and he was just rallying his troops.
Oh, well, you know, that's true, but you see,
rallying your troops is one thing, being enthusiastic.
Just saying, you know, but it just, it was so off the wall.
It was just so out of maybe a little overboard,
but nevertheless a little bit overboard.
A little bit overboard.
A little bit overboard.
Yeah.
And this on the heels of a lot of people saying that he's like temperamental.
And see, he just doesn't know how to play the game.
No, that's the problem.
Right.
But still, still what?
I don't want a game player for president.
But even a president has got to learn how to play the game.
See, I mean, you're now you're being too idealistic.
If he wants to be the president.
Well, you're living in Dream World and in America.
I'm glad we found out about him now at 12.
I'm still for him.
He was just rallying his troops 11.
He's lost at 8.
The doctor is self-medicating too much.
Poor.
And I never liked him anyhow only one.
See, this audience is very protein.
So it's going to be fascinating, fabulous,
to hear their response.
What do they say yesterday?
Oh, we didn't tell you.
We'll hold on it.
No, I'm not talking about a pull.
You said you played the game and mentioned it.
No response.
That's all America's talking about is that, not America here.
And Shmoole Boatea and Yuri Yeller.
By the way, Yuri Yeller was crossing his legs and bending spoons when he did that thing about Michael
about hypnotizing Michael and saying he had no body.
He was bending his spoon and sticking it in his back to him.
I shouldn't say that.
We got that Israeli kid working in the morning on Mochow now.
We got an Israeli kid like we needed another Jew here.
Oh boy.
Can you have enough?
No, can never have enough.
Especially inside Florida.
We're trying to like outdo all you spicks.
Can't do it.
Last book proved that.
Right on.
You know something at this point we understand what it is?
Yeah, that's it.
We can just always say, oh, the methodology is flawed now.
It's been alternative radio for a while.
There's a whole bunch of ethnic wired diaries out there.
Magic.
Well, I tell you, what's that PD that asshole who's the PD, you know what?
We've talked about him, Bob.
Yeah.
Vermont and Bob.
Something like that.
Livingston.
Yeah, I don't know.
Livingston Walker Jr.
I don't know what his name is.
I do know he's an asshole.
They play crap music.
They must have had a lot of wired diaries.
Right.
A spicks voting for that.
No.
No way.
Trailer trash.
Spicks and Hicks.
Trailer trash.
Even Rush.
Even when he went up a little bit, comes back after his rehab.
All in pop and I'm obviously, maybe, maybe the shipment went to the wrong address.
Maybe Dr. Dean got, no, maybe got Rush's supply.
Maybe Wilma sent it to the good doctor.
You think?
That might have been it.
The supply was supposed to go to Rush.
But he was sniffing Rush.
He might have been sniffing Rush.
He likes some fags.
Okay, let's look at that.
That's a funny one.
I'm glad we found out now.
See, I don't think this is going to be too positive to it.
A lot of phones are in.
We'll get to you after the break.
We'll take you to get a lot of calls on us.
About a thousand.
Because we want to find out now.
This is important.
Even if people are just worried about their next orgasm.
When they're going to get laid.
When they're going to get their hands on somebody or something good.
And I still say Jackie Johnson looks like crap.
I saw somebody yesterday speaking of Judge Judy.
Mm-hmm.
Brunette.
I almost remembered what her name was.
She was one of the, you know, combatants.
She might have been one of the most beautiful females I've ever seen in my life.
She made Britney Spears look like, um, screw in.
Sorry, I missed that.
Yeah, but she would be.
And then she lost.
Because the other chick had her boyfriend hooked up.
Well, you know, to testify against her.
Yeah.
And Judge Judy looked at her and said,
you mama, you know, something like that.
Okay.
See, well, the Judge Judy show now, at least they're admitting that it's like the jury's
springer show.
Only the people watch you.
You're thinking it's for real.
The people watch Judge Judy can't possibly.
Oh, they do.
They think it's for real.
No.
But she's a pit.
Is real.
Ten minutes, I am enjoying her now.
And I thought I realized that she's just a fun, you know, right?
I'm enjoying that.
She's ripping people who deserve it.
And of course, she's Jewish.
Oh, oh, that.
If you're an arbority crappy, you can do something about it.
Oh, I got to do the spot.
Was my seeing.
Now I got a short job back.
So I worked.
See?
Oh, I didn't know it was like I was pointing at that thing out of water.
Is a bug on a wall.
And right away, I got all nervous.
Oh, the bug up my boat is outstanding.
Hey, let's talk right now about the pizza lot Jeff Cohen was at the hockey game Monday night with his kids.
Nice to see you, Jeff.
He wrote this long, ponderous piece of copy.
It's his second, remember, 1975, stopping at the pizza lot on my way home from doing play by play for the U of M.
Huracun's and thinking this place is great.
And hope they make it being upstairs in such a tough location.
That's back when they were on Fag mystery, remember that?
Sure.
Well, after 27 years in a move to Broward County, the pizza lot in Jeff Cohen are still going strong.
Pizza lot on university drive in Davies and Upgrade to say the least.
Pizza lot now seats 200 people, which means even on a Friday or Saturday night in West Broward, you can get a table without waiting in long lines.
Even though I told Jeff to stick with one pizza lot, he didn't listen to me like Vandex has been here, he doesn't listen to me either.
So he finally came to a senses he's back at pizza lot in Davies.
And there's just one pizza lot to cook for.
Thank God. Bad move, Jeff.
You can find Jeff in the pizza lot of kitchen every morning making all the sauces from scratch.
He's scratching it and preparing all the food from the best ingredients available regardless of cost.
If you're looking for the best Italian food and pizza anywhere, get over to Jeff Cohen's one only pizza lot.
They're doing us some atkins menu now too. Some atkins items.
They're on university drive in Davie between 595 and what is it? Gryffin Road?
Tell them to look, tell them to hook you up just like Jeff Rimmer.
Who wrote this? Pizza crab.
If you're too lazy to go to the pizza lot, then call for delivery.
They deliver a full Italian menu along with the world's best pizza every day, seven days a week for lunch and interlate nights snacks.
Call 954-916-8880. They're in the pizza lot class right beyond Pier 1 imports.
954-916-8880 for the one and only really pizza lot.
We're sports radio 560-880-880.
God.
Wednesday night at 880, tune into the new Makeover show where five straight guys,
budge up a gay man who's tired of living a well-groomed, fashion-conscious lifestyle.
How many days at a row join need to wear these things?
It's straight eye for the queer guy. Join us each week because our boys attempt to teach them manly, man things real men do.
From the proper way to walk,
You need to take bigger strides, stretch out those legs.
Ouch, that hurts.
To how to talk like a truck driver.
Hey, truck cake.
Movie, our loser.
It's not tough enough, right?
It's straight eye for the queer guy. Wednesday nights at 8.
Ouch, I think I broke a nail.
Don't they have a court-screw thing you'd open these beer cans?
You won't want to miss it.
I didn't just say, broke it.
I...I...
Love you 1555-60W.
We got the mad dog at 2.
The Humper at the 7-O Indians at 4.
The 7-O Indians at 4.
I wonder if Devo is going to show up.
That's right, he's on the station.
Perkun Highline at 7.
The big...
Oh!
At the Asceneer bullet-8, he's paying his own way, by the way.
Eddie K. at 10.
And Joe and Mark overnight.
Well, we got to say that a lot because he wants, you know, brownie points.
He's a brownie hound, and he wants brownie points for paying his own way.
To the senior bull.
Okay.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because he's an overgrown child.
At any rate?
Men 2554 is spanic before we get back to Dr. Dean and all those things.
WCMQ FM in midday, 10 to 3.
12.6 year, number one by so far, they're down and roading the...
They're long gone.
Around the corner.
Right.
WQAM, we used to have that big, speak audience what happened to them.
They hate me now.
Or maybe they just hate you.
Maybe?
Maybe they hate both of us.
We're tied with power for number 12 in men 2554, his spanic.
No, speak any glaze.
Power and we got a two, six, two point six year.
That's terrible.
Yes.
So in other words, if you take this picture and this book set, I mean the esposan shows out of there.
We do great.
I mean, even a dark folks, we did a 3.1.
That's not great, but that's number eight.
You know, like men 2554, eight is a great...
Because everybody with hot and EDR and men and black.
Which is their three states, more power to them.
That's their crap.
Their hip hoppin' on it.
So we did not great with them, but, uh, buddy, his spanic men.
I think you lost them, man.
You started turning on Alien and then the Celia Cruising.
What was the demarcation?
39?
39?
That put us stake in our hearts.
Now this is 2554.
No, I know, but when you were looking at the EDR 54.
Well 36 is not old, mister.
Especially when you get to be an old far like me and you.
Yeah.
Right.
Nuka XSL Poppill in your toilet.
Something like that.
How does that go?
I was pretty close, man.
That was very...
That was very good.
What do you talk about?
Yeah.
Pokhasa Nupi.
Dean, I've played it so many times, I know it by heart.
Just like...
I know that one by heart.
I know it by heart too.
So don't try it yet.
You take all of South Florida, but I'm gonna try that today.
I ain't got much left.
But I'll go home and take like a hot shower.
And that's right, I got a whole bunch of things to do today.
Gargle.
Gotta go to Mami's for lunch.
Have some soup.
Have some hot soup.
I'll listen to the tea room while she's in here.
I'm gonna be a report tomorrow.
I'm Mami's the 10th ever horrible moment today.
Take a tape recorder.
I've got to tell you great Mami story.
Oh, I love those.
Yeah.
This is a true story.
So John and I go Saturday for lunch at Mami's.
Okay, last Saturday.
Okay.
Maybe that's what was the beginning of my getting sick.
At any rate, so we have a nice lunch was pretty good.
Sitting in the living room, okay?
She's sitting in the corner across from me.
We're on a couch across the room.
TV is over there.
And there was a bill that came for something that I should have canceled a long time ago.
That comes to her address.
So I pick up her phone and I call.
And it's one of these automated things.
You have to dial like 50 million different, you know, point it.
It's the way the world.
Finally, finally I get to talk to a lady, a living and breathing person.
I'm talking to her.
And we're having a conversation and I'm giving you the information.
And my mother says,
Talk a little louder.
I can't hear you.
It's like a joke I've always told.
Yeah, only it's true.
Why don't you talk a little louder?
I can't hear you.
And I'm thinking to myself,
I'm not talking to you, bitch.
Right.
I've waited 10 minutes on the phone.
I punched every button that's been invented and I stuck my finger in a few other places.
I finally get a hold of a living breathing person.
I have no problem communicating.
She's here and me.
I'm here and her.
Talk a little louder.
I can't hear you.
The yinth in the corner.
She's got to hear the conversation.
Sure.
Bitch.
Have a good lunch, mom.
Okay?
Damn it.
Not, and that's a true story.
I can't believe it.
You like that up.
Here's a fact that says,
Dean is finished.
He reminds me of my idiot platoon sergeant.
I can picture him in the American West leading us all, running and screaming and eating a banana,
with the raised sword.
Come to think over a cliff into a deep ravine and bursting into fire.
Remember the scene where the covered wagon goes over the cliff with all the cattle piling
on top?
As a matter of fact, yes.
How do you think Gore feels right now?
It says,
his judgment has to be of it in question.
Maybe he was trying to find his alter ego.
Well, at least he's a little more animated than now.
A little bit.
Yeah, a little bit.
Okay.
How's the poll coming up?
We'll get to a whole bunch of calls or not.
Maybe they're going to call in.
That's okay.
Nobody called you about that yesterday?
No.
Not one?
Maybe one.
How is that possible?
I forget a lot.
That's all America is talking about beside that and Michael Jackson and Lacey Peterson.
Yeah.
Yeah.
33.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
33.
I'm still for him.
He was just rallying his troops.
Well, that's 31%.
Don't you feel better?
Well, you got four negative choices on there and one positive one.
Well, how many positive, no, they're not all real negative.
Not all real negative.
I'm glad we found out about him now.
26.
He's lost at 20.
I never liked him any how 15.
That's not, that's just people didn't like him before anyway.
Right.
You got to have that one on there.
Right.
I think the doctor is self-medicating to much 11.
I think that's just being honest out of 105.
He's got to be medicated, don't he?
Uh-huh.
Sure.
If he's lucky.
To be going like, over and again, and you know there's doctors.
I didn't want much to know names, but I told you that I'm not going to know all about it.
Remember that?
Sure.
That story, my doctor was like a little over medicated that day bouncing off the walls and
little little little little little bit like that.
See it before.
My former doctor.
Right.
One of many.
Anybody ever find a real doctor in South Florida?
No.
Just my friend Dr. Hampt, she's the best.
My aunt, my aunt, lady.
She's great.
And my friend Dr. Solomon, but other than that.
No, you just can't find real doctors here.
No, this is where the bad doctor is.
I've been doing that for a hundred years.
Clanters, peanuts have been low carb.
Did you know that?
You haven't seen that spot.
You haven't seen that spot?
No.
Everything in the world now is low carb.
Try munching on your carpet or your carpet munchers out there.
That's low carb too.
Is what I'm hearing.
A lot of five to two.
Right.
Rick Sanchez is talking about the Atkins diaster.
So that show is so bad.
I came to begin to believe in the words.
And people wonder why that's not going to be on the air.
A whole new category of that.
How many more minutes will that be on?
About 30 minutes.
Rick, come on.
That's not your bag, baby.
I don't know what your hyperventilating on the local news is.
His bag.
Which MSNB did.
But you see Jerry Nockman died.
No, I didn't.
He had gallbladder cancer.
You know Jerry Nockman?
I know, yes.
Big fat ball guy.
I've got MSNBC.
Sure.
Who never really said anything?
He was, you know, he never stole a freight train.
And now he's dead.
And now he's dead.
He was only 59.
Well, he had gallbladder cancer.
You can have something like that at any age.
What do you raise your eyebrows like that?
Because that's...
Yes.
That's pretty young.
Right.
Pretty young to be dead.
Anyway, 567056 to the front, you just...
I love when they start ringing frantically.
I can almost...
Even though I can't hear a damn thing today,
you'll have to interpret for me.
Okay.
Okay.
WQA.
See, there's nobody on line one.
WQA.
Hey, Newell.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Come on.
Think I'm going to discuss with you.
Come on ahead.
First of all, don't you think it's ironic that, uh,
yes, it's Bush is in a land of this week,
and she's going to the United States,
speak it on a literacy.
I mean, should she start at home?
Yeah.
I'm going to be the best place to start.
Good point.
And, uh, what isn't about these broad-care stations,
I mean, why don't they have to have that state of a dress
on every single channel?
Why don't they just pick one?
If you want to watch...
It wasn't on my channel.
I was watching the hockey games.
I was watching the Leaf Speed The Islanders.
I mean, I like their show 24th on Tuesday night.
It took it off the air again for another Freedom President.
Damn it.
You're right.
They should put it like only on, uh, the learning channel.
A political station.
You know, a political station.
A political station.
A political station.
Yeah.
Only unlike the local cable pubic access station.
You got that, buddy.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
You got them, man.
Have a great day.
And watch the hockey games.
Yeah, I was watching hockey.
I'll be very proud to tell you that.
Leafs have won two in a row now.
Even when they depleted squad to say the least.
Any hockey fans out there, huh?
No.
Well, it's really sad to see what's going on in Macarena.
They got a very exciting young team.
It just is a few players short of really being competitive.
And they overachieve and thanks to the great goal-tending of Bobby Lungo.
He keeps them in just about every game.
If they didn't have him, I hate to think.
I hate to see that's not a formula for winning.
I'm saying that to the guy who put the dud in Dudley.
That's not the formula for winning.
You just have a great goalie who just has to stand on a set every game
and make the Indians a great saves.
Like about a half a dozen of made last night or would have been 11 to five.
Uh, and then, you know, I have the rest of the team.
It's great having a lot of fine upcoming young players.
That's fine.
Like Stevie Weiss.
I love Stevie Weiss.
You have no idea how much.
And I hope he doesn't either.
But no, seriously.
Uh, but you just, that's not the, the fans are tighter waiting, okay?
And when you've been gouging and gouging Alan Cohen,
you really, you're really leading this down to path to disaster with his franchise.
I hate to say that.
I mean, they're overachieving a little bit quite frankly.
They're still like, uh, not that far out of a playoff spot.
But it would be a shock of the century for them to make it.
And when I see that almost none of the regular people are there no more.
Just a smattering.
I wonder what is this all about.
I was okay for me to be there on Monday though, because it was probably the ugliest proud ever seen that building.
That's why I knew that no.
The coast was clear for me to be there.
It's a meal.
You can come in tonight only the ugly people are welcome tonight.
And that was it.
No, no, seriously.
If you can't at least enjoy an exciting game, which it wasn't.
Uh, at least have some good people look at, right?
To move over.
That's the only way to let go.
Some eye candy.
Is somebody I know would say.
I hope he doesn't say it again.
I just, I don't know why.
I just don't like that expression.
It's just, I don't know.
It's it's silly.
It's, uh, sacrialed.
It's saccharine.
134 votes on his Dean pool.
Hey, Dr. Dean.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa, which everybody has seen.
I'm a third man.
Times.
I'm still for him.
He was just rallying the troops.
God damn it.
37.
All right.
I'm glad we found out about him now.
Well, I think I just threw my thing out.
I'm glad we found out about him now.
35.
He's lost at 28.
I never liked him anyway.
20.
And the doctor is self-medicating too much.
Maybe he got Russia shipment.
14.
He got the moxies, man.
Oxie Contents.
Rush didn't do that greatness book.
That's the one good thing.
It's not important that we succeed, but that he fails.
Okay.
No, he didn't.
Okay.
Well, as a matter of fact, I can tell you right now.
No, I don't have the IOD number there.
Do I?
No.
Don't you?
But I can tell you like 2554 hour by hour, which will kill some time.
Nobody wants to hear this.
They hate this.
Moe 5.
Look at that.
5.3 and 5.6.6.
8.
4.
8.
4.
4.
9.
9.
9.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
That was funny.
How does he do in these days?
He's fine.
I'm not doing what I'm talking about.
I don't want him.
He lost an answer, too.
He didn't.
Not that I can say.
I think on the days when Katrina comes in and weighs in,
he's going to have Hank right behind her.
Or like I said, right in front of her.
What?
He might get carried away.
What?
I think he ought to be right in her right side by each side by each.
5.6.7.0.5.60,
on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
And I think the messages today, they all looking for a piece of ads.
Let's put something in place.
This is sportswear, you'll find safety.
You might have a man.
If your hair is all over the place, mostly off your head.
Yeah.
Here's the answer for it.
Charles Hoppeery and his natural hair line system.
You can monkey around with all these other people.
You can listen to all these other peddlers out there.
Everybody in the world now has peddling hair pieces and holes in the head.
And magic pills that make your hair grow back.
Not.
The natural hair line system is the best in the world, which for a while for over 25 years now,
people with the big bucks and even shleppers go to Charlie and everybody in between
to matter how much you spend.
You can't get a better looking head of hair than the natural hair line system.
And that's why they call it natural hair line because that's what it looks like.
Life hair is really grown out of your scalp like it's your real hair as opposed to a dead farm enemy along your head.
So you have nothing to lose but the balls butt because when you get it, everybody gets Charlie's 38-day guarantee.
If you don't love the way your hair looks and feels and smells, return it Charlie.
Give your money back, no problem at all.
And be sure to mention my name when you call because Charlie give you 200 bucks off the regular price just for having the cajones to mention the arodges when you make that phone call.
The number to call toll free to get your hair back and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
It's 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto it, CharlesAlphiore.com.
My name is Mike and look all this is 420-560.
You way, you way, yeah.
It's not a body experience is what it is.
Giving her about Roger and Maris Grisias.
There is a girl in extra-wide jeans.
A girl who's head weighs a ton.
Yes.
And she's living with the women and the funny play-toils in the house of the lives we once.
When she was young at a restaurant with a boy, he didn't know that she was gay.
Until he noticed each time they went out, she went for the seafood buffet.
Just look at all Rosie's dyke sisters now.
Just look what they have done.
The minute she comes home from work to that door, well off her pants, she's come.
She laid it down to stop publishing the Rosie Mag, left a laid off staff not paid.
And Rosie's girlfriend, who's pregnant right now, I guess she just only got laid.
There is a girl with extra-wide jeans.
A trainer she's become.
She goes by the name of Rosie O'Gee in the house of the lives we once.
I start quick work about that Dean thing in the high school in New Hampshire yesterday, but I didn't actually see the piece.
I mean, just showed it on CNN.
And boy, I'm telling you, he's lost it.
He was singing the National, the Star Spangled Banner to a bunch of high school kids.
A couple of kids smuggled in a Confederate flag.
Remember his comments about the Confederate flag, the Southern, Yahoo's.
Boy, he is really taking up the old Yingying game, I'll tell you that right now.
Dean goes from a 30-poit lead to a 10-point deficit just like that overnight.
That is shocking.
And it just keeps getting worse.
I mean, singing the National Anthem to a bunch of kids, what's that all about?
Maybe they didn't know the words.
A couple of facts is probably not.
Okay, and it is a lot better.
It's shorter.
200 and how many votes on there?
Like I said, 171.
We got to get all these people on our website now.
Let's try it in what's the day today, January 22nd?
Yes.
Because I thought I was about halfway to work and I started talking to myself in the car.
Because I felt not too bad.
And it's only a three-day cold now, which didn't end bad.
Yeah.
And I all congested and plugged up, but I thought I can't even talk.
And I thought, what am I going to work on?
I came this close to turning around and going back home and calling.
Yeah.
So you're lucky that I'm here.
Damn lucky.
And the audience as well.
Well, here's what PR Ralph says.
You're a good friend.
Right.
You're a former good friend.
No, he's okay.
So thank God you're back.
George is great with material and he knows he has to do the show.
But when caught with his pants down on it's not supposed to play the Dean's cream, but I something else.
Cut up.
It's bad.
Screw you, Ralph.
Yeah.
It's your buddy.
It's your piece.
I know.
Another one that I'm freaking, guys.
My question was Ted Kennedy shaking his head or was he just playing drunk?
Well, both.
Did you get to see your boy Tom Brady?
No, I didn't see my boy toy Tom Brady.
I heard about it though.
I read all the stories about how Laura invited him to the state of the union address.
And about how now John Kerry.
It's like a tug of war.
Kerry's got the left arm and Ilyana gross Rosanna Dennis got the right arm.
And it's like a chicken bone.
Wishbone.
He's like a swishbone at Thanksgiving time.
Yeah.
They're the Anken on him, which I'd love to do that.
And anyway, no, I did not see that.
Also, he says no more pizza law flyover.
What does that mean?
Why will there not be a pizza law flyovers?
I don't know.
Just because he's not in plantation no more.
There'll be big flyovers in a baby.
He just made a mistake.
He got greedy.
He wanted to open a second place and I don't want to go into it.
It's just you can't see that place from the road.
It's just a bad location.
Bummer.
And it's a, you know, when you get partners involved, it's just not a good thing.
I tried to tell him nobody will ever listen to me.
No matter what.
I tried to tell him that Moe was was great.
Absolutely.
And would listen to me.
My buddy, my close season asshole.
Hey, Moe, guess what?
To you.
Can't stand you.
You notice how ever since he came here, we've been like on a rocky road.
Yes.
You notice that?
You think it's just a coincidence?
It's probably all the same.
It's probably all the same.
I understand he and Hank are like out of sorts.
If you would just support his more so than usual.
I don't want to support his show.
I wish he would die.
But anyway, the Humper is out of sorts with which I say nice going Humper.
Hey, stop.
Yep.
I mean, if I have to choose between them, no choice.
We love Hank.
Moe.
183 votes.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
I'm glad we found out about him now 51.
I'm still a forum.
He was just rallying his troops 48, 26.2%.
Now, that's not too promising.
Because this was a big dean crowd, this audience, right?
He's lost at 35.
I never liked him anyhow 26.
The doctor is self-medicating too much.
23.
W-Q-A-M.
Can't be quit again.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes.
Can I stick to George?
No.
No.
I don't speak to Nilo.
Oh, George not there.
No, you want to speak to Nilo or not?
No, I need to speak to George, but...
How about what?
Bokeh Brian.
By a couple of CDs that I've been trying to order.
Yeah.
And...
Well, don't call George about that.
What's he got to do with it?
Well, I want to talk to him off the air.
He doesn't want to talk to you.
Okay, sorry.
Go to the website.
Now, go to the website and bug Eric with it.
It's the thing with him and Bokeh Brian.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
I saved you there again, see.
Yes, sir.
How are Dean was singing the National Anthem to drown out protesters in the background?
Oh, I see.
Is that what it was?
Yep.
Well, I was still looking pretty bad.
You didn't think I...
You didn't think it looked stupid?
I thought it looked stupid.
Yeah, there were some protesters.
There wasn't a big wild protest.
I mean, they just showed it.
I listened to it during the break.
But that's why he sang the National Anthem.
He's...
Oh, boy.
Here's one that says Uncle Leo, wait till you're this shot.
See, that's my turn.
Love you.
Don't want to ruin your day.
No, you can't ruin my day.
I'm already here.
However, for the record, you must know that with your voice attenuated and made more raspy
with your cold.
You sound almost exactly like Joey Reynolds.
I have my nose up, Neil's ass.
Wow.
Can you believe that?
I can't, because I guess it's both...
You're both from upstate New York.
It must be it.
PS, the reason nobody called George about Dean is today is because he played the tape
about ten seconds left in the show.
Well, that's probably when you got a hold of it.
Halfway through the show.
What about ten seconds left?
Yeah.
It's only twenty seconds short.
Well, I'll play it again.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota.
Oh, really?
We're going to Mexico, California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington and East Sea to take back the White House.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, right.
See, it's not that I've so much turned again.
Well, I have turned against him, but it's the idea that I know now he can't win possibly.
Now, you got to admit that.
No.
Why not?
If you think you've seen it many times now, just wait.
Just wait.
No matter.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Every hour, you'd see it at least on every channel.
Even on the travel channel, you see.
Does it go close?
Did he kill anybody?
Did he cause thousands of deaths?
You don't have to sell me.
Right.
Well, but wouldn't you like to pick somebody who's got a really good chance?
Sure.
Like John Edwards.
Okay.
I'm not going to argue with you on that.
He's a little boy.
Sure.
He never stole a freight train.
Got a nice haircut.
How about John Edwards and Bob Grammer?
Is that too much sour?
Or Clark?
Clark won't take the second spot.
I'm going to go to the first.
Clark first.
Sure.
Either one of them.
I say Bob, no matter who gets it.
I say Bobby Graham for VP.
He can win Florida.
I'm telling you right now.
Hands down.
Even on fixed election.
He can win.
It was a brilliant idea.
They should listen to you for once.
Yeah.
No, and he said yesterday he didn't say he would take it.
But the way he answered the question is not it.
He'll take it.
Whatever they got, he'll take it.
And they can do it.
He's the one guy who consistently he didn't waffle right from the beginning.
Because he's on the Senate Intelligence Committee.
And he knew that was all a pile of crap.
He told us that right from the beginning and he talked about it yesterday about the, you know,
about how Al Qaeda is still going stronger than ever.
And they're the biggest threat and here we are,
poaching around in Iraq, killing all these people, including our own.
You know what?
It's like a human sacrifice, right?
That's the way I look at the whole Iraq attack.
It's a human sacrifice.
Are people, they're people, a whole bunch of people caught in the middle, human sacrifice.
And they keep showing these, you know, and I'll say it again, we could be broadcasting live there every day.
All the networks have cameras there.
But we see little blips, whatever they want to show us.
Right.
And they show these kids, the one little kid who's got the bullet in the head.
You see that one?
Mm-hmm.
And you want to scream.
You just want to scream.
You have to go nuts.
Because he was caught in the middle in the crossfire,
without even a Papu can in order to own it a bow time,
other Tucker Carlson.
What do I hate him?
You know what I'm talking about?
Mm-hmm.
God, I can't stand him.
And then of course James Carville would have bought it.
He looks like a white tristranford.
You ever seen together?
Same guy.
No, he puts on, he puts on that black face,
comes in here and sells up a storm.
And then he goes on crossfire.
James Carville.
Good old boy.
57 say I'm still four, I mean,
was just rallying his troops the old Dean Meister.
I'm still on 27.2%.
Ah!
I think we found out about him now, before it's too late.
56.
He's lost at 38.
I never liked him anyway, 38.
And the doctor is self-medicating too much, 28 out of 209.
Lie in local.
Here's sports video 560.
You a-
You a-
Drudge back in?
A girl that I was going with,
down in New Orleans, walking side by side.
A girl was who he was with him,
but he was low left all day that night.
But then her birth was slight,
and I decided to pursue the guy.
And I was far and down,
he pulled the gun and turned down,
got shot in the lane,
got shot in the lane,
got shot in the lane.
Oh, I feel like he's all the others.
He, I really hurt now,
I was bleeding all over the place.
He, the bum and shot me down,
was gotten beaten up by low-long.
But that's not it.
The girl, he was no lady now,
but just a thing gave me a bone-ah.
I can't convince him now.
Especially since the light I got shot in the lane.
I was shot in the lane,
I was shot in the lane.
Oh, I don't really feel you,
you're no longer an egg.
13 to Luna 560 W-Crumbs,
some bastards saw all of our tea bags in here.
Somebody grabbed our tea bag,
I even had an echinacea.
Really?
That's-
That's all a bunch of crap.
I know, but still, it's tea.
Oh, and you notice now that they're saying,
this is what really pisses me off,
along with many other things.
Now they're saying that massive doses of vitamin C and E
can prevent Alzheimer's.
Have you seen that?
No.
1000 international units or 1000 milligrams of vitamin C
combined.
These are the same, including Dr. Gupta on CNN.
Ooh, well-
These are-
People that are always saying,
all of them vitamins, man,
you can over-medicate and you can do a lot of damage
and the too many vitamins
and get it all from your refoods and yeah.
Every day they got a different tune, they're singing.
Yeah, getting the gel to go out and get us some tea.
It's the least you can do while you're looking for it in-between,
looking for the supercopper.
219 votes on the pool, let's get with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the 18 and tea in Verizon line.
WQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
How are you feeling?
I'm okay, I just got a raspy throat.
All right, I'm glad to hear you're okay.
I got three things to point out to you.
Yes.
First of all, uno.
I am telling you, Clark is going to come like a bandit out of hell
and run past all these guys.
Is he?
It's possible.
Yes, he is.
It could be.
Mark's my word, okay?
I'm okay, I'm marking it down right now.
Mark it on my wrist like in memento.
Yeah, yeah, all over your body.
And also it said, who's Teddy?
And have him won't do it.
Okay.
And then he's writing it on his bag.
I don't know how much longer Michael Moore is going to live.
Because I called George this day, I thought about,
he's working on something called Fahrenheit 9-11
for the Bush administration.
Right.
And you know when you mess with them, they don't play.
I see.
Okay.
And then last of all, last thing I got to tell you is,
George did a great job.
He's great.
He's phenomenal.
I'm ready to put it back on right now.
What do you say?
I'm going to do it.
Okay.
Huh?
I know.
And closing for George.
Wheeling Galangins.
Wheeling Galangins.
Okay.
Look at that.
See you and your perverted people out there.
No, you got to understand.
Yeah.
That's speaking in tongues and Spanish.
Yeah.
Okay.
I said a much perverted asshole.
Nice.
All right.
I thought what he was saying was,
he's mad.
And that's funny.
You all.
See if we would just play Celia Cruz records.
We could get to those 35 or 54-year-old
spick nails out there with haters like poison.
Because we don't, because we don't want to.
I won't wear a quiet bear.
It's no more.
It's not bad enough to wear a quiet bear in no way.
That's part of the problem.
Are you sending Josh for tears out with these women?
Yeah.
Not at least he can be.
Who's he?
Who's he, baby?
Who give up a favorite flavor?
Because I'm going to send him for a couple of tears.
Caffeine.
That's an Earl Gray.
I'm not a Earl.
I like it.
No, a celestial herb tea.
Celestial seasonings, herbal caffeine for your tea.
I'm sure a wall of water is there.
They got tea up the ass.
Mint flavors are right here.
Believe me.
Just take a peek.
They got tea up the ass.
Belgian Cardinals speaking of that says most gays are perverts.
So what's wrong with that?
I certainly raised my hand.
Belgian Cardinals said yesterday only 5% of lesbians and gays were actually gay
and the rest were sexual perverts.
I think he's just jealous.
I think the Cardinals didn't get any.
Wait, what?
He said only 5% to 10% of lesbians and gays were actually gay
and the rest were sexual perverts.
So in other words, if you're really gay, then you're not a pervert.
That's okay.
Right.
If you're really gay, then you're a pervert.
Well, I'm not gay.
It's just a pervert.
I see.
It says I'm willing to write in my own blood that all those who call themselves lesbians or gay
a maximum of 5% to 10% are effectively lesbian or gay.
Cardinal Gustav Juice.
Oh, oh, juice.
Hold the juice.
Quartz Quartz.
Told the Belgian weekly P Magazine.
Oh, in an interview.
This gets better and better.
P Magazine.
I wonder what the P stands for.
Oh, pervert.
All the rest of the just sexual perverts at Cardinal Juice,
who's also a parish priest in the fire,
and a small Belgian town of Lanskutter.
Maybe he's a Lanskutter hunter.
The Belgian Catholic Church reacted to the interview by saying
Cardinal Juice was speaking in a private capacity and certainly not for them.
I guess he wasn't counting them either.
5670560,
pound 566 on the AT&T.
What kind of an asshole would steal our tea?
What kind of a schmuck would do that?
WQAM.
No.
Yes, sir.
Uh, he was a deal.
Yes, it is.
How's it going, man?
It's going okay.
You're a bald-faggot.
5670560, pound 566 on the AT&T.
And for rise to our list line.
No, just a little bit of a halt.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Neil, I should be nice with you.
I'm home with the flu today.
Yes, but I will tell you one thing.
This is the audience's response to the Howard Dean, the situation.
Howard?
This is South Florida's response, ladies and gentlemen.
I'll tell you what.
Unbelievable.
Absolutely.
We're not going to make any screen if I had any voice.
I will tell you one thing.
I think Howard Dean in a rubber room with a straight check.
It is still better than Bush on his best day.
Yeah, but the American people aren't going to let somebody
that think belongs in a straight check.
And don't you understand that?
They look like Bush.
I would rather have him than Bush.
I agree.
I would rather take that out of the hole.
Put what?
Put the Bush in, I mean, Dean in this one.
That's a good idea.
All right.
Thanks.
Thank you.
You feel better?
Thank you.
Me too.
Let's put that on her.
Or is Eric going to feel like overworked too bad?
He was in this one.
It's the least he can do.
Tub.
Hey, Tubby.
Put it on there on the pole.
Or are you going to lose all that weight?
And then what are you going to call him?
Slav.
What are we putting on her?
So you do you...
I'm not...
He's still better than Bush.
I'm incoherent.
Even a crazy Dean would be better than Bush.
Huh?
How's that?
Even a crazy Dean is better than Bush.
He agrees he wants to rally the troops, baby.
What's wrong with having a crazy president?
In fact, that's a good pull for some day for you.
What would you rather have a crazy president or a stupid one?
Huh?
I mean, he's not the president anyway.
You do understand that.
I know.
The guy sitting behind him.
No.
The guy sitting behind him is the dictates.
Oh, yeah.
The one that's a bad ticker.
The one that's always going into hiding.
Dick.
He's not a president.
He's the resident.
Dick Tickle.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hello, guys.
I'm not sure what you're going to call from Iraq.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Speaking.
Why?
Pick me up, please.
You sure it did.
Listen about that, T.
I was watching the discovery.
The discovery channel last week.
They had something about the chip-o-ionneeds in Wisconsin
that drank a lot of tea.
Yeah.
And they were finding out a lot of them dying prematurely.
And they did some more topses.
And it was related to the tea they confirmed.
To the tea bag?
No.
They found them all ground in their own teapy.
Oh.
I had to wait all through that for that.
I thought it was about their tea bag.
That joke's older than oxygen.
Right.
That's older than the mole.
Older than the Mathuseless grandpa.
WQM, hello.
QAM?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know you're a kind of sewer of fine cigars.
No, I'm not.
You can't.
Cigars of pilia.
No.
I don't smoke cigars anymore.
So they'll kill you.
Oh, you don't know.
Okay.
Wait.
Well, let me ask you.
Romeo and Juliette are church hills from Cuba.
Are you good?
Well, I have no idea.
I don't smoke cigars.
Call up cigar Dave, okay?
We're talking about the future of America,
the future of the world.
And I got one guy that wants to tell me about the Indians and their T.P.
with their P.P.
And this guy wants to tell me about the cigars.
They're supposed to go cigar Dave.
Back at you.
But strong.
I don't want to hear about it.
They're bad for you.
Yeah.
They taste good.
I want to apologize.
All those years we had those cigar sponsors to them.
How many people do you think I killed during those years?
Five, five.
You heard it, man.
Wrong.
Don't you remember those awful Danemon lights?
They were great tasting.
Yeah.
They were great to put in your pus.
Mm-hmm.
But, they stopped.
Reports says most voting systems unchanged.
This is bad.
Somebody just facts this in.
Thank you very much.
The presidential campaign season's underway yet when voters go to the polls this year,
the election systems in many states will still be susceptible to the same flaws
that caused the 2000 stalemate in Florida.
And you like that?
I don't.
The report released today found that despite promised reforms,
only a few states made comprehensive changes to voting machines
and registration in the last three years, but Miriam is going to straighten it out.
We'll send Miriam all around the country.
She'll straighten it out.
Mm-hmm.
Miriam the elephant.
The Washington-based election reform information project reported that money problems
and concerns about the reliability of new touchscreen voting systems delayed action.
So in other words, until they can fix it again, I mean get it again.
Maybe then we'll work on it.
Okay?
For what Hillary runs in 2008.
Ooh.
If the world is still spinning around.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60, QAM, George.
If your hair's all over the place mostly off your head,
here's the answer for it.
Charles Alfieurie and his natural health system.
You can run.
That's a wrong spot, George.
Let's try another one.
This is great.
We're just playing radio here today.
We like, you know, jock, sports, radio, jock.
Are you going to get the vote?
I don't know.
What do you mean it's not in there?
Otoio do homesteads not in there?
Well, I can certainly do it live for my good friends at Toyota of Homestead.
Even though I have no voice, I can't see better.
I guess that wasn't cute up.
No, you just played Charles Alfieurie.
Now you're doing like me.
We apologize, but we're under a lot of stress and pressure.
You're okay?
Because we don't speak it in a right language.
At least I don't.
What's your excuse?
Hey, let me tell you about Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Locally old and operated.
These guys have been treating people right for a long time.
That's why they're still here.
That's why they're still in Venice.
They're on US 1, 20 minutes south of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are.
Because you can save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars on brand new great Toyota's.
Check out these great lease prices.
An O4 Tacoma 2-wheel drive regular cab, just $169 a month.
An O4 Echo just $179 a month.
How about an O4 Celica GT just $209 a month?
And with every car purchased at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, you can get a free sun pass.
And don't forget these guys were the first folks in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
If you're looking for SUV Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead, you've got a huge assortment of RAV 4's.
Highlanders, 4 runners, a quiz, and Land Cruisers 2.
General manager Dave Rich, no relation to fat rich.
Thank God.
And his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a new Toyota today.
In fact, call up David Rich and say, let's go to Pompa No Park on Tuesday night.
Experience the Armstrong of Toyota Homestead difference.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Their service department is open week nights till 8 p.m. to make sure they get your work done.
Conveniently located, US 1 and 293rd Street in the Homestead, just 20 easy minutes south of 836.
So if you're sick and tired of those mega dealers who over-promise and under-deliver, then you ought to call David Rich.
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM, call them at 305-242-3247,
tell them the joy rentals for you to call.
That's 305-242-3247.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead, drive a little and save a ton of cash on that great new Toyota.
My life and love, this is 440-056-E, UAV-2A-M.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
The
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
first time in a year.
Hi everybody.
This is Keith Jackson on Special Assignment following the
This is Keith Jackson on Special Assignment following the
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
Freak Show known as Dennis Rodman.
He sat on top of Joe Barrow and Jakob Alfin.
Greg Har Table Tour $10 million dollars equipment.
Dec. 1732.
Mr Multie mol072
Mr Multie mol082
Mr Multie mol082
Mr Multie mol082
1% Dean 21, Park 16, Edward 11,
Chris and it's 4, and that's it.
That's it, and Al Sharpen got 5 votes.
If I'm 5 Schwarzenegger's at the sneak into New Hampshire.
Well, there's no dark people there.
I mean, don't you think that if dark folks are going to run the audit, like at least start
out in Joja?
Would you see that the black kid that got 10 years in jail for sex with his 15-year-old
girlfriend?
His 18 was consensual sex.
First they tried to hit him with a rape charge and George's laws, which are like from
the Stone Age, he's mandatory 10 years in prison.
He's an honor student.
So I did not see him.
He was 18, she's 15.
Consensual sex, they're sticking him with 10 years.
I guess they'll have a lot of sex in there.
Probably.
It's unbelievable.
It goes on in this country, man.
And the public is like that.
Well, he should not have done it.
He liked it.
And I guess she liked it too.
She said, let's do it again and again and again.
In fact, I heard she said, 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
I think we have to play all bits.
I go with though.
I can't do that.
I mean, I could do it, but I just won't do it.
I mean, I just have no throat.
Tomorrow will be better or not, or maybe you'll be doing the show.
WQ I am.
Yeah, hello, me.
How you doing?
OK.
I'd love to hear a sitting on a bus in Delray for my old grandfathers and old funny days.
90 years old, but I'm out loud.
I love you, Neil.
It's not Reverend Jones.
All right.
Everybody you don't like is Reverend Jones.
No.
I'll play that next break.
I think I want to see it for his old granddaddy.
Let's do all request they, OK?
Because I have no voice.
OK.
I mean, today is the demarcation.
It's starting tomorrow we do a real show.
OK.
Maybe we just been, well, we've been faking it.
Although Joe roses off tomorrow in front of me.
Tomorrow is Friday.
He's off tomorrow in front of me.
Well, he's not going to be here.
He's going on a little vacation, is what he said.
I bet you Kim will be here.
Kimba probably.
And he'll probably tell you about how Joe got suspended again.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
If he comes up with a suing into where I will not come in.
I will not come in.
If he talks about mougat and suspenders, then I'll come in.
WQ I am.
Q a m.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is Howard Dean trying to become a professional wrestler?
Something went without a little featsy to there.
He's going to have just eventurs his running mate.
Yeah, he's a, uh, what are you going to do with our Dean
runs wild on you?
But there you go.
Something.
Something.
Something very wrong with that, man.
I'd like to ask you a threat.
And now he's just, he's a big joke.
He's a threat, all right, to himself, I think.
He's going to get pushed with the one, two, three.
Don't leave him with any sharp instruments, OK?
Yeah.
Hey, Dr. Dean, hand the scalpel back, please,
before it's too late.
Oh, maybe Dr. Dean can get what's your name?
Share it out of that, uh, not house in the hospital.
I don't think it's that kind of doctor.
Alistair has got her locked in there and has given her
all these shots.
Although, uh, Miguel, Luis Giver shot the other day.
It was in a different place.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
You're not a star watch adventure,
which changed your life dramatically.
It's the best show in history of TV.
You won't listen to me.
No.
Why?
Soap opera.
It's, it's not a soap opera.
It's a comedy show.
I understand.
It's not me.
It's a, it's a, it's a same format.
It's an outward half-scoop opera.
It's a school for soap opera.
You're right.
It's a parody of soap opera.
Yeah, but it's on it too.
Yeah.
So I'm either here or in transition.
Well, that's right.
You can't see it when I do later in the day on my dish.
You knew.
Well, too bad.
I'll tape it for you.
WQAM.
Hey, sweetie, listen to this.
I've got a very epic time.
Michael Jackson, you're in a picture.
Yeah.
That's pretty original, isn't it?
He's playing one of our best back to us, sweetie.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Is this No Roger Show?
Yes, ma'am speaking.
Hi.
My team.
Let's just hear you make a comment.
Go right ahead.
Oh, is this Neil?
It sure is.
Oh, my goodness.
See, we do screenless now because we don't want the producer
to have to go through a lot of work in the other room,
putting calls on hold.
Well, it's more fun this way.
Well, there are issues found different on the telephone.
So I have to tell you.
Well, I've got a bad call.
I've got a bad head.
Okay, first of all, I'm a loyal lady listener.
All right.
You're the one.
And I do not make a habit of calling radio stations.
Good.
Good sign of excellent mental health.
Thank you.
I want to first say, I think that so-and-tainted beef
is absolutely hilarious.
Which one?
The one-tainted beef.
You just said it.
Oh, tainted beef.
Yeah.
I love it.
Okay, I picked my little list for Google today because it's
early release and he is just cracking up.
But for points I would like to make.
Yes, ma'am.
I would like to make to George.
Hello, George.
Hi.
Mr. Carey, by the way.
I am a good listener.
Florida, but I spent a lot of time in Cape Cod.
Really?
Ah, Massachusetts.
Do you ever hang out with the Kennedys?
Well, actually, I had an accident in my amnest.
Does that count?
Well, not unless it was in Chapacuidic, which is that kind of
accident.
Everyone else in the bridge.
Route three or six.
Right.
But anyway, John Carey is a very handsome fella.
I think he looks a lot like one of the Kennedys.
Which one?
Okay.
And he's not only-
You mean like one of the dead Kennedys?
Yeah.
That's bad.
I know.
I'm sorry, John.
That's okay.
It looks like John John.
I have a prediction to make.
Go ahead.
I think he's going to kick Bush's ass.
Right.
I think he's going to kick some Bush.
Okay.
Because I have a premonition like I say.
I believe he's going to take over.
He's a great person.
Oh, she has a premonition.
And he is a war hero.
Well, now wait a minute.
Why are you arguing with this lady?
I know.
Isn't she in time or opinion?
Oh, I didn't know you were in the premonition.
Because I can't really read that.
He's giving you crap.
I have no.
It's a crazy way.
No.
That's okay.
I love George anyway.
He's brilliant.
And he should run for president.
Right.
Get him out of here anyway.
He has a lot of good points.
I love his mouth.
Right.
Well, and I just love you to death.
Well, there you go.
So anyway, let me get back to my baby sitting.
Okay.
Thanks for the concert.
I'm a carry supporter.
Go carry.
Nothing wrong with that.
Thanks a lot.
See you.
Go carry.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
What?
Why do you have to be so anti-old, the John Premonition?
And she said I was going to read with as well.
He's got a chisel face.
If she had a premonition, that's good enough for me.
Well, it was good enough for what's your name?
Nancy Reagan.
Nancy Reagan.
Yeah, see, the thing of it is, we've got a good point though.
If Dean is crazy, it wouldn't be our first crazy president.
Nancy, get me those lollipops.
Oh, that's right.
What jelly beans?
Whatever.
He doesn't like any of that.
What?
What color do you think he like?
Black.
I like the black ones.
No, he didn't like the black ones.
I like the black ones.
He liked anything black.
Yeah, the black ones.
He liked the black ones.
Hello.
Only the Kiwi in his hair.
Yes, sir.
I just got back from my work and I'm trying to figure out why all the American media doesn't
really report anything on the good side.
Because it's all propaganda on the good side of what?
All the stuff we're doing, I mean, we're filling schools and stuff and 90% of the people
over there love it.
90% of the people are what?
They love it.
No, they don't.
No, they don't.
In fact, they do.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
I don't care what I'm doing.
Now in case you don't know the one we're talking about, it's the one where he said,
we're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico.
We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington and East Sea to take back the White House.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Excellent.
I'm still for me was just rallying the troop 79, 24 percent.
Oh, drop him.
Drop him, George.
I'm glad we found out about him now, 73.
He's lost it, 54.
He's lost it as in like that.
Now I'm not saying that.
I'm just, you know, that's what they're trying to say.
I never liked him anyway, 48.
Even a crazy Dean is better than Bush 39.
Well, who could argue with that except some asshole like this last Reverend Jones.
And the doctor is self-medicating too much.
35.
They're just jealous.
They'd like to have that black sack.
Yeah, man.
I mean, you know, balance for life has been a black sack, but they'd like to have Howard Dean's black sack.
The doctor's sack.
It's got to affect the brush.
It would have had the black sack.
He would have had to get will to get all the illegal pills.
Dr. Feel good.
Right.
Dr. Feel good.
Rush.
She's not right now, by the way.
For all you right wing ass, I mean people rushes on now.
Did somebody go to get tea did the Josh go to get us some tea?
Is that him on the phone?
Because I think Josh got a lot of Josh on the phone saying what?
They don't have any tea Walgreens.
Really non-caffeinated tea that they have.
Oh, I don't, we don't care about that.
Just time to get his ass back in here.
Okay, let me take a look.
I'll see.
I'll get him back in here.
Who cares about that?
I'm going to guarantee you they got plenty of celestial caffeine-free tea.
But we don't know where he is like they're out or something.
And Walgreens?
Right.
Maybe he's checking in the tea room, you think?
Probably got some of them guys from Hialean the tea room.
Drilling glory holes at Walgreens.
Shame on you people.
Shame on you.
All I can say is...
Yeah.
Can I eat breakfast?
WCMQFMI-S.
Okay.
Liars!
Liars!
You already told me that every spikin' town is listening to this show every day.
They are?
They lie.
Yes.
But at least pick a better station to lie about than WCMQFMI-S.
Nobody believes that.
Even the people at CMQFMI don't believe it.
They're laughing up their sleeve.
No, seriously, they're laughing up their ass in Spanish.
Uh-huh.
How's that sound?
He he he.
WQAM.
Yeah, I don't know.
Okay.
Yes, sir, speak to me.
Oh, yeah.
You know, it was within three days before I arrived at Corkis.
Yeah, yeah.
How did you make a point that his wife and children had Jewish?
Don't you think that kind of hurt a little bit too?
What's the Clark's father's Jewish?
Huh?
What's the Clark's father's Jewish?
But he just mentioned his own.
And President Bush's Jewish and he's Taliban on the weekends.
56705.
Boy, I'm unloosin' it.
Uh-huh.
See that?
Have Corkis.
That's because I don't have that tea.
I got Corkis drops up the ass, man.
Not those real ones.
But every time I stand up they fall out.
I got fake ones.
No, I don't.
They're not mental, mental, liptic.
I've got Rikola and I've also got these cold eggs.
You need some menthol.
What's that gonna do?
Because I have your head.
It doesn't clear your head.
Sure it does.
I don't want to clear my head.
Well, not it.
Now I'm thinking about it.
Here's a fact.
It says, for your information, sorry, I'm medicated today.
I guess everybody's medicated today.
What do you got?
Oh, he's got the Chupa Cabra.
Miguel went out and caught the Chupa Cabra.
Let's hear it.
Doesn't that sound like distorted you?
That sounded strange to me.
My ears are plugged up bad.
This is an out-of-body experience.
I'm so glad I came in.
Uh, it says, I called about the poll.
I don't believe Dean will get the Democratic nomination.
But if he does vote for him 500 times versus President
Dombishmit, I'll have my iguana run for president vote for her 500 times.
I was gonna get my vote.
I was initially a Dean supporter, but he's hiding 10 years of documents.
I'll give him some of my fixed and tiger bomb.
Okay.
I think about the documents.
I mean, that's a little fishy.
Let's see the problem is he wasn't prepared to answer all these questions.
And he oughta been.
He shoulda been.
The thing about the blacks and the browns and the purples.
How can you go into a black and brown debate and say,
well, I don't like that.
You know, Al Sharpton, I mean, Al Sharpton, you know, he's a good speaker.
But he talked circles around him.
And when Al Sharpton makes you look, what does that tell you?
Oh.
See what I'm saying?
It's enough to make me want to scream.
27 past noon at 5.60.
Here I am.
Hey, let me tell you about getting a new mattress.
There's a lot of ways you can do it.
You can go waste a lot of time and energy and money and go into your bedding and apartment stores,
get ripped off, get a piece of crap and help them pay for their gigantic overhead.
Or you can be smart.
And you can just make one easy call sitting right there on your ass to dial a mattress any day, 365 days a year.
They give it the best deal going.
All the top names in the business, they got them silly,
certed tempered, experiments, King Kua, Steerings and Foster Hewitt.
Call 1-800-MACRUS-1-800-MAT-TRES.
There's no nonsense.
No BS, no bait and swish.
That's what BS stands for, by the way, bait and swish.
No house brands, no funny promises and best of all, you get the best service you ever heard of in your life.
When you call dial a mattress, 1-800-MACRUS, you pick the day in time for delivery.
Any day, seven days a week, any to our window between 8 in the morning and 10 a night.
When it's convenient for you and they'll show up on time, you don't have to waste the whole day or life waiting and praying that somebody shows up.
I've been sleeping on the mattress and dial a mattress for years and you ought to be doing the same.
With low prices, same data delivery, free setup and removal is easy to see.
Why dial a mattress is ranked the best in the universe in customer satisfaction.
So please don't get fooled.
Don't be sucked in by those mattress, Shorom's or Furniture Store ads.
They can't come close to dial a mattress.
Pick up that phone and call them right now.
They'll be not going on your door in no time at all.
1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MATTRES, or online, it's mattress.com.
Am I my and local?
This is 420-560.
Way to AM.
Oh!
My wife took the card of the mold.
She drives my viewer again, she's three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with her no way.
I said I'd need it here later today.
So I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur, waiting for the lily bus to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friend's time.
I'm just riding time to tell my kids,
because the bus there's don't always stay the same.
All that good of do what Genneth tells me to do.
The private her life, she must be insane.
Just sitting in, resting my bones.
Wondering why my wife won't leave me alone.
We've talked it over, but I never win.
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again.
Oi, so I sit on a pension derailleur, waiting for the lily bus to take me away.
Oi, I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friend's time.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friend's time.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friend's time.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friend's time.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friend's time.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friend's time.
Is that what it's called?
Wait a minute.
Is that what it's under?
Yeah.
Screaming neil.
It says if you played the lady scream and how her deen scream back to back,
it might be a great scream-off.
Let's try it.
Look at that.
Yes.
I hate what you're doing to deen now, not fair.
Carry blows.
We need major change.
Not some retread like carry.
See, I hate to break the news to you, whoever faxed us.
I hope you enjoyed that.
Try effective.
The price at least was right.
But the fact of the matter is I'm expressing my opinion.
I realize that's pretty revolutionary, especially now with the Patriot Act Parts 1 through 25.
And by the end of this year you won't be able to get expressed your opinion no more,
unless you go step in line.
But that's my opinion.
I don't want him, the Democrats have had a death wish for too many years.
It's one thing to be idealistic.
It's one thing to be looked for something new and different.
It's another thing to want to really win.
So this to me is like George McGovern all over again.
I love George McGovern.
Did he have any chance?
No.
And the same thing here.
You can love how her deen all you want.
He's got two chances to be bush, none and much, much, much, much less than one.
So he's got, okay, where's my tea, by the way?
On its way.
Is he still in the tea room?
Who's he with?
Here's one that says, make George tell you it's from the same guy.
Make George tell you about the hydrogen peroxide.
What do you do with that?
Stick it in your rectum.
What's that about?
You're supposed to port it in your ears and I kind of scoffed at that factory.
Find your ears for what?
Then to clear up your ailment.
Might ear's a lopin' up again.
No, that's not supposed to end in you.
You're what, Elliott.
I'm not sticking to hydrogen peroxide in my back.
He's got eight packs because I kind of poo poo stick it in your ear.
Okay.
No thank you.
Stick it in your ear.
5'670560.
Ugh, I need the tea bag.
I'm like, I'll never be here tomorrow.
Alright Josh.
How could I possibly be here tomorrow.
I can't even speak now.
I was bad in the city.
You'll be all healed up by tomorrow.
I'll tell you one thing.
If we don't get sufficient response on his website,
I'm gonna, because now Eric has done this new and improved things so I can see what's happening in progress.
Nice call, by the way, Eric. Excellent idea.
Even though that thing you emailed me yesterday still isn't functioning. But anyway.
Uh, and it's pretty interesting.
Not thrilling.
You know what I mean?
It makes you, it makes you just kind of say to yourself,
well why are we wasting our time? There's nobody really listening.
I mean, it's okay, but it's not, not like in the good old days.
And then we look at these numbers and we see for well, what's suckin' wind.
He sure talked a good game, you know what?
Remember how he was ranting and raving about the ratings were so great and how he accomplished it?
Well, they were great in the summertime.
Although the fallbook and all fairness to him, the fallbook was bogus all the way around.
But relatively speaking, you know, when even MO beats you,
Absolutely.
Then you know, you're just not cutting the mustard.
Plus, let me tell you some interesting stories about Pharrell. I better not.
No, I already told you that one, right?
See, the audience, uh, the audience doesn't understand what we were dealing with.
Now, I just say, uh, I don't know how to say it.
I guess the only way to say it is.
Yeah, that's all I can say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T. It verifies in a wireless line.
I mean, you know, he was entertaining, but a lot of crazy people are entertaining.
WQAM, not there in a nice loud dial tone.
Even I could hear that in my deaf state.
WQAM, not there.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
That was good.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Al.
Yes, sir.
Hope you're doing better tomorrow.
I'll be okay.
Although we love George.
Well, there you go. Maybe George can do tomorrow too.
No, come on.
No, starting now.
No.
Don't suck around with George.
Okay, he didn't want to do it.
Something very ironic.
Assume that George Bush.
Yes, exceeding gets democracy into Iraq.
The Shiites are in the majority.
They elected to the government.
They banned with the Iranians and guess who they invite into the country.
Yeah.
Oh, it's all been a lot.
Right.
And George Bush will have succeeded in getting a lot of,
a lot of them in Iraq, except in he could have been in Iraq.
We already had, we already had an article on a website a couple of days ago about how they're subjecting the women already in the women in Iraq are pissed off.
They've been, the women in Iraq have been the most liberated of any of those countries in that part of the world for a very long time, even under Sodom.
And now all of a sudden they're, they're starting to, you know, put them in their place again.
Oh, yeah.
So I read the, you're right, the religious nuts will take over.
We'll have another theocracy just like in Iran with some crazy Ayatollah bastard or whatever they want to call them there.
And it'll be worse than was before.
They're Ayatollahs.
Right.
Well, told you so.
I'll sign up for the third infantry.
All right.
You're like.
Ayatollah.
So five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty are they Ayatollahs?
See, remember when the Ayatollah his casket fell out of that plane?
Yeah, wouldn't that have been bad.
It would have been bad former if the body would have come like rolling out.
Oh, man.
Oh, he's back on the tarmac.
He made a comeback just like Jesus.
Ooh.
He kind of looked like Jesus.
He had that long beard and white sandals and he had that magic wand that that magic stick the ride.
He had that magic rod.
374 evidently a lot of people had magic's rod and that was maybe the problem.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
We're asking the one where he went.
Like that.
I'm still for him.
He was just rallying his troops 88 23 and a half percent.
That number keeps going down going down.
George, keep going down.
You added another positive category.
That's why it's going down.
They're voting for that now.
Oh.
I'm glad we found out about him now.
80.
I hate what you're doing to Dean.
I'm just expressing my opinion.
If you want to vote for him, good luck to you.
I'm not the Florida primary comes if I'm here.
Am I going to be here to do more doing anything to Dean?
I'm just expressing my opinion.
In fact, anything that happened to Dr. Dean, he's done to himself.
Right.
Right.
Too much medication.
Even a crazy Dean's better than Bush.
Look at the way that's moving up 63.
You're right.
That thing may be number one.
Even if he gets it off his end.
When he's supposed to be in the art inauguration, when he's supposed to put his hand on the Bible and repeat the words he just goes,
we'll take it.
We'll take it.
Right.
I agree with that.
No questions asked.
He's lost at 60.
In fact, I say bring back Ronnie Raygunn.
Okay.
Okay.
We'll take him right now.
At least he can't do any damage.
He's lost at 60.
I never liked him any of 52.
And the doctor is self-medicating too much as in 37.
Pop it a few too many.
380.
Most of this crowd, I don't think, believes you can pop too many times.
Ninety and if you, you know, that thing with your lesbians, I heard you talking about dressing up as a doctor.
I was dressing like a swab, which I told you before I think there was a gray, I liked that.
It was going to Walgreens the other day.
Yeah, my lesbians.
Huh?
My lesbians, I wish.
I don't know.
But I've something to show.
I've something to show.
I've something to show.
I've something to show.
It's good.
The American Idol lesbians and I lesbians with idle time on their hands and lesbians with pubic hair on their hands.
All this other stuff.
You know, good show.
Not like that queer as fags.
I don't watch that crap.
Right.
If I want to see fags, I'll go back to Toronto.
Ninety and a one at QIM.
If you're in a really crappy dead end job, you can do something about it.
New years resolutions don't happen.
I like by automation.
You have to do something though.
You have to get off your ass and make a phone call to put plans in action.
That's all you have to do.
Those make that one easy call to fast train.
Tool free.
One, eight, six, six, fast train.
Classes are underway right now as I speak.
If you're committed and dedicated, fast train can help you in becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months.
That's right.
I'll get you a new high-paying career in just four short months.
The demand for certified computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
And fast train offers you convenient day eating and weekend classes to job placement assistants, financial aid for guys who qualify.
So if you're tired of working for a schmuck, if you're tired of working for minimum wage, if you'd like to have a decent paycheck and a good life that goes along with it, call fast train today and change your life for the better.
Call one, eight, six, six, fast train.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com, but whatever you do, hop on that train of opportunity and make that call today.
Be sure and tell them that old Todd Dreck.
That's with a big D-toolie to call one, eight, six, six, fast train.
My life and look all this is 420560.
Way to A.
She's tough.
Wait, if I want any more lip-out of you, Mr. I'll scrape it off my gavel when I smack you in the mouth.
You know she's home-spot.
Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me it's right now.
But now, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all-new, prime time special.
Devraw, Devraw.
To my un-box, the Attorney General of the Great State of Texas is allowing death row inmates to have their final appeals heard on TV before.
Devraw, Devraw.
Your thing is judged.
Do I look like a discounted fertilizability you?
You must be crazy if you think I'm gonna buy that load of crap.
I sentence you to death by the electric chair you're sitting in now.
Any last words before I light you up on National TV?
Can I get a cigarette any day?
No, there'll be smoke and soan and I'm thrusting promise wedge.
That's justice.
Death row Judge Judy's style.
Could I come fight?
Call 47 at 560WQM.
Here's a fact from Scott who's listening online in New York, not that Scott.
In the wake of Howard Dean's outburst, the terror threat has been...
The level's been raised to red, he says.
Yeah, everybody's gone.
Like that.
Who could be the audio portion of that alert?
NO!
NO!
NO!
NO!
NO!
NO!
I think that'll be better for both of you.
I'll bet.
560.
560.
560.
Oh, somebody just makes me this.
Not that anybody cares.
But from the Boston Globe, Republican staff members of the US Senate Judiciary Committee infiltrated
opposition computer files for a year, monitoring secret strategy memos and periodically passing
on copies to the media, Senate official told the Boston Globe.
From the spring of 2002 until at least April 2000 members of the GOP committee staff exploded
a computer glitch that allowed them to access restricted democratic communications without
a password.
Trolling, oh, I like that.
Trolling, through hundreds of memos, they were able to read talking points and accounts
of private meetings discussing which judicial nominees Democrats would fight and with what
tactics.
The Office of Senate Sergeant at Arms William Pickle has already launched investigation
into how excerpts from 15 democratic memos they're checking out his pickle showed up in
the pages of the conservative leaning newspapers and were posted to the website last November.
With the help of the forensic computer experts from general dynamics and US secret service,
his office has interviewed about 120 people to date and see more than half dozen computers.
You see the size of this print by the way?
Yes.
It's a miracle that anybody could read this.
But thank you anyway.
Including four judiciary servers, one server from the Office of Senate Majority Leader Bill
Frist of Tennessee, that could write when peace of crap, that could Bible thump and suck
whole and what else and several desktop hard drives.
Democrats now claim their private memos form the basis for a February 2003 column by conservative
pundit fascist Robert Novak that revealed plans pushed by Senator Ted Kennedy to filibuster
certain judicial nominees and as we know Novak's also with the center of investigation
into who the identity of Valerie Plame who lit the flame under Valerie Plame.
Sighting internal Senate sources Novak's column described closer democratic meetings about
how to handle nominees.
So there's the there's the mole.
Okay.
Let's watergate all over again.
Robert freaking Novak.
There's the freaking mole and they put him on the certainly not news network.
You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
Okay.
You assholes you on crossfire.
Never see him do that thing that close.
No.
Don't you'll be very upset.
You'll be going WQA N.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that article last week on that talk show host that got fired in Phoenix, was it in
Arizona somewhere?
Yeah, it was great.
You know the funny part was like you said when you clicked on the link, it takes you
over to the conservative news magazine that it was in.
Right.
I mean, it's pretty bad when they're ripping.
He was a conservative talk show host who happened to be against the war.
You can't do it.
Correct.
Not on cheap channel.
They squeezed his ass out.
Correct.
And that was just so bizarre that even these people are saying that these guys are just
over the edge.
Right.
Well, even sobri is moderate as a liberalist pack you can.
It's been saying that that's his magazine conservative weekly.
Was it the review?
I'm trying to remember.
No, conservative weekly.
It's not the national review.
They're even here would be embarrassed by them.
Okay, another real quick thing.
Prior to the right of Ms. Fudge.
I know it's old news, but with Rush Limbaugh.
Yes.
My life used to be a crime scene technician.
And what they would do is they would go to different doctors and get different prescriptions.
Right.
See a doctor?
Did he say, are you seeing another doctor right now for this current condition?
I'm gonna say no.
And they'll say no because they're lying.
Right.
And they'll get all these prescriptions.
And she told me a scene where she went to a person's house.
And she opened the refrigerator.
This is straight from Requiem.
And the person had, well, what happened was a person O.D.
So what they have to do is they go in their house and they inventory everything.
They go with the refrigerator.
There's a bowl in there full of pills.
No food.
No food.
There's a bowl in there full of pills.
And just like this person and just like all the other ones, Rush Limbaugh self will
eventually kill himself.
And I'm sure they're gonna call it some kind of left wing.
It's very scary.
Right.
Yeah, but you know it's coming one day.
It's coming.
Yeah, it's coming because of the behavior of the system.
Okay, happened.
Thank you.
Stand up that refrigerator.
All right.
Put a lock kind of like Sarah Goldfarb.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 1.
Nothing.
He said the refrigerator like in Requiem.
He didn't have any cases of it.
Did you catch it?
Sure.
Grab it.
Maybe we can sell it on the street corner before it's too late.
Before we have to get some other kind of a gig.
Because this whole deal here in this town we're done.
Anybody who speaks English in this town.
And if any, though, bye bye.
Adios, I'm even rich.
What are we done?
Now with this new marketing thing.
I mean, this new problem ahead of the till market all back.
And they can't call people by.
It'll come back around.
I don't think so.
You don't understand the air idea.
The ethnic people are highly motivated.
It happened in a war.
And especially your people who think that they're voting.
They are.
Not only do they like to buy bucks together each diary.
But they think that they're voting.
They are.
They are.
For a radio mom.
They showed you.
Screw that.
I'm still getting a nice bonus.
Need to.
What kind of car they drive it?
Or give up old Chibi?
Here's line 9.
QAM Hello.
Our favorite line.
There's nobody on it.
QAM.
I want to die right now.
You want to what?
I want to die, please.
OK, go ahead.
Fiesick.
He wants to die.
I want to help.
No, it was a call for assistance.
Is what it is.
WQA.
QAM Hello.
My name is Gov and a Claim Cornlicker.
WQA.
I'm Hello.
Hello.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hello.
Is this Cia?
Hello.
Cia doing a voice.
Yes, yes.
Go ahead.
Hello.
Mama Latina.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
What?
Nothing.
And Verizon.
Where's the line?
QAM Hello.
Hey, Neil.
You got some heat tickets?
Yeah, we got some tickets for him.
Where would you like him?
Stick that foot out.
5670.
Now, what did that other guy say to Westmeer?
Does that what he said?
Something like that.
Well, we're going to start speaking a little upon you now.
OK.
You don't have any people over here.
Yeah.
WQA.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll be a week.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
How's that tea coming by?
Where are you going, Georgia?
I have a buddy that works for a tea panel.
And he was, he gave me an explanation yesterday on how
I've been trying to work.
Yeah.
Hey, that has to be the biggest bogie system ever.
Right.
I mean, hand out about 10,000 of these little slips and they offer five bucks.
So, no, five bucks if you're ethnic.
But if you're not, I think you only get two bucks.
Right.
That's true.
Are you serious?
Yes, I'm as serious as a heart attack, man.
Oh, well.
The excuse for that being they used to say that the ethnic people were much weaker on the return of the diaries.
So, the excuse being that they give them more.
So, they have a greater incentive to overturn the diaries.
And white folks who speak English, sure, forget about it.
We need to watch.
From those 10,000 that they give out, they only collect about a thousand of them.
Right.
And we'll, like you said, it depends on when they're in the room.
They put them in a big Texas 10 gallon hat.
They shake them up a little bit and then they pull it out.
And they just flip to.
They should go by that man.
And boy, I tell you one thing, this book, you ought to see where they stuck it.
Good luck to you, Pali.
You too, man.
I'll be with you.
You too.
Oh, that's right.
It's Friday, isn't it?
That's pretend.
Huh?
That's pretend.
I don't know about this thing.
And you know, part of it is being back in this room again.
This is where I got it, right?
So, even though I was on the way to a speedy recovery, you know, where did you send him for the tea?
Walgreens to the corner.
I could have walked.
Yeah, from here.
Quite Walgreens and back.
Hey, Josh, come back.
I could have taken a leak.
I could have taken a dump on the street corner, picked it up and put it in a poop rescuer,
taken it to the proper receptacle and still come back in time.
I'm not knocking Josh, but where did a few kizzy, you know?
Really?
Maybe he's out in the hall.
What do you mean he's out in the hall?
I said maybe.
Right.
I don't know.
I don't want to be picking.
I mean, I could use a little tea, but now it's getting late and you're going to be doing one to two of them.
No.
No.
Why not?
It's been okay today.
Considering the fact we haven't done anything right.
Everything's been a disaster.
We love it.
The audience likes it too.
They like to see that we're humans.
Well,
415 votes.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous Machi, uh, wacky speech?
Do you make a Machi speech?
You're making a mockery of now is what you're doing.
Ah!
His famous wacky speech in Iowa.
I'm still for, I mean, was just rallying the troops.
94.
22.6% keeps going down.
That's because the other one goes up.
You're right.
It's going down.
Uh, even a crazy Dean is better than Bush 84, see?
So now you put those two together.
I think that 43%.
Now we're talking.
So they had nowhere to go.
Those people.
Be the whore.
Now they got somewhere to go.
Crazy.
House.
I'm glad we found out about him now 85.
Uh, he's lost at 63.
I never liked him any out 52.
Well, why not?
Maybe they're the Bush people.
The doctor could be.
The doctor is self-medicating too much.
39 on a 422 vote.
Which ain't bad.
Not great.
You better hop on that website because if we don't have 1400 votes by two o'clock,
George is doing a show tomorrow.
Five and a local.
This is fine.
If you don't have 2000 votes in a last five minutes.
Two in.
What's wrong with you son of a bitch?
Well, my wish was granted.
Then I'm sure I'm going to miss listening to the Neil Rogers Fair and Dallas.
Well, the two are your son of a bitch.
Listen to me.
This is stand by and steam for sofa king.
You understand?
Where everything is helped at a high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's sofa king huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's price is not enough.
If you want to go to the market and get a sofa king,
you'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say a staff is helpful, I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's sofa king huge.
A staff that's sofa king, courteous, and prices that are sofa king low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You set a fronky sofa king good.
What a one.
Thanks, Josh for getting the AT.
You went to Walgreens took about an hour to come back.
There was a record on 441.
Okay, don't blame poor Josh.
He's doing the best he can.
Isn't that the story?
Sure.
What's the last guy said to anyway?
Here are two facts to show you how different it is.
I mean, everybody's opinions are like assholes.
Everybody's got one.
Oh, can't say asshole no more.
Can we say?
No.
Oh, assholes.
But Christian Lynn says.
Ray political shenanigans.
With this political circus unfolding, she says, I think howardine is the mole.
Sealing his public records, he's taking a page out of the Bush playbook.
His inconsistencies are catching up with him.
His facade is wearing off.
Showing him as a Republican automaton, who can easily be rolled over in November by Bush, handing him the presidency on a silver platter.
Who says you can't buy the political arena second time?
Think about it says.
Christian, well, there you go.
Could be valid.
A lot of people thought he was going to be another Michael Duke Kaka.
And it could have been him going to get it now.
And somebody faxes me.
Michael Moore's article today.
And anytime I see anything by Michael Moore, I always sit up straight and had attention and salute.
It's on his website Tuesday, January 20.
Dean supporters don't give up for Michael Moore.
And basically the essence of it is that Dean motivated a lot of people to come out and that the Iowa caucus was twice as many people as voted four years ago.
And the Iowa caucus, the overall turnout, and about how enormous numbers of people are motivated and inspired.
And he's right. He's got a good point there.
He points out again that he's for Wesley Clark.
And he says because, what does he say?
Because he thinks Clark is, he prefers his manner and his stands on everything from Jiglao Jeling polluters to taxing the rich.
And he's more electable.
But he said if you have back to work for Dean, you must understand the audio.
I did it. He accomplished a lot and stick with it.
That's what he says, George.
Stick with this guy.
I say Michael Moore for president.
Okay.
Anybody says?
Huh?
Okay.
At least he's not going to be going.
I can't.
I'm not.
Maybe if the buffet he might do that.
So there's some nice hot tea here.
I don't want to scald myself.
I didn't.
What kind is this?
That's just regular old lipton.
I didn't nuke it like totally hot.
It's like kind of pee warm, which is good.
Because I'm in that way I can drink it.
That was the idea.
If it's too hot by the time it's time to eat it.
Cool enough to drink it to be time to go home.
Did it on purpose?
Who do I want to do that?
Because then I'll be able to talk to my.
Put it back in there during the next break.
What is it?
Speak up.
I can't hear you.
Is that incredible?
Is that amazing that you pull that?
I'm talking on the phone.
It has nothing to do with her.
It's not of her stinking business.
And she's told me to speak up because she can't hear me sitting across the room.
She's taking notes.
In fact, you know, when I went in the tea room at her house,
she's always saying,
squeeze harder.
I can't hear the splat.
Oh, no.
She's standing outside the door.
Would you glass to her ear?
I've got the seat to my rear and she's got the glass to her ear.
Squeeze a little harder now.
And I heard that one.
I think next time I go in there,
I'm just going to take a dump on the floor in the tea room there.
Yeah, then she can inspect it when I leave.
Hey, Ma, that's what a real dump is like.
Go take a look.
Put it in a bag so she can save it.
No, I'll take most.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky?
Now listen, I want to say,
I don't want to threaten anybody.
If we don't get to 600 votes on this pool by two o'clock,
you're doing the moral.
We can do it.
We got 444, 444.
We got an hour to do it.
600.
What?
Nothing.
If we don't get to 600 votes on this pool,
George will be here tomorrow.
You can bet his life on it.
You can bet Greg's life on it.
You can bet Ferrell's life on it.
And this tea is helping already.
I just took one sip.
Look at that.
You're doing Ferrell already.
Oh, that's great.
Oh, that's sweet.
Yeah, it's a little too sweet.
It's amazing how good that tea helps.
Oh, I know that's better than the visit to the tea room at JC Penney's in Westland.
Oh, it could be better than that.
Oh.
X youth later received 70 and a half years for child porn.
See what a sick way that was.
I could almost, if I would have been drinking the tea this morning,
which I got a whole bunch of great celestial caffeine-free cinnamon I could have brought
it with me this morning.
Am I a schmuck or what?
Yes.
I'm an idiot.
Instead of bringing cough drops, they don't gnauthen for your throat.
It's just a little suck-on.
The mid-follow one.
It's just something to suck on.
A former Jupiter Sunday school teacher and youth group leader was sentenced to 17 and
a half years in prison yesterday for possessing and manufacturing child pornography.
This is in Jupiter.
Sounds benefit.
Florida.
Jupiter is right next to Uranus.
US District Judge Donald T.K. Hurley handed down the maximum sentence under federal guidelines,
called David C. Deo, the E.Y.O.
Deo, Deo, 43, a pedophile said it was enormously dangerous.
Maybe not as dangerous as Michael Jackson, who told you're a geller.
Look at him like that, quip in and spoon and stick him in that place.
Assisting US attorney, a lot threw up Morris, asked for the maximum, saying Deo's intelligence
and talent for winning the trust of women with young daughters.
Made him a particularly menacing sex offender.
Remember what I was telling you about some of the food you were?
Yes, wasn't about daughters, but about young sons.
Yeah, I'm not going to mention his name on the ear yet.
Not only was Deo active in his church, he was occasionally dressed up as a clown called noodles to entertain children.
Yeah, hey noodles!
Neil, this is noodles.
Yeah.
Anyway, oh listen to this.
He was indicted on federal charges and marches part of a national child pornography dubbed Operation Candyman.
Named after an internet site that authorities say was used to exchange explicit photographs internationally.
More than 100 child porn images were found on Deo's computer and computer disk, his rest epitaph it evites says.
Investigators also found photographs of an underage girl taken 99 with the camera owned by the first president who re in church in North Palm Beach.
Oh god, eeehhhhh!
Deo was a Sunday school teacher and youth group leader at the church, a pedophile, a pervert.
How do you like that?
Well, at least it was girls.
Yeah, at least it was girls this time.
Where was the Catholic priest?
I see.
You see?
How are we doing on that pole?
Take a look.
We had 4444-463, but that's a quick 19 votes.
We might get to 600 and save your ass George.
Good.
Especially now that I know the tea will help my voice.
I'm embarrassed by the show tonight.
I should have stayed home.
No, no, no, it's fun.
It's not!
Sure it is.
See, that's why I didn't come in.
Well, first of all, toothache could never have made it.
And if I tried yesterday, I would have been out the rest of the week and I thought that would be bad.
Does that actually sound worse yesterday?
I'm a phone.
So, what does she know?
463 votes.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
Come on, let's hear it.
109 of you say even a crazy Dean is better than Bush and you are.
Absolutely correct sir.
Right.
I'm still for him.
He was just rowing his troops 100.
I'm glad we found out about him now, 88.
He's lost it.
67.
I never liked him anyhow, 60.
And the doctor is self-medicating to much 39.
See, if it would have just been that thing, I would have agreed with the thing he was just rowing the trophy.
I know, I know you mean.
But the fact that there was a series of other things that I felt he was a little bit off and then the...
I'm serious, you didn't watch the debates.
No, I did.
The last couple.
And his performance was embarrassing.
And then to say he wasn't ready for the question about race in a debate about racial minorities?
Unacceptably.
What does that mean?
And then to try to turn to some stoogey, stoogey, he had planted in the audience, some stooly,
and try to change the rules in the middle of the game.
And then when I said you can't do that, oh well, I'll just pass.
Well, what kind of crap is that?
He can't think on his feet.
That's what bothers me.
And did I say last week that he seems to be just repeating a bunch of slogans from three by five cards lately?
Did I say that?
You said that.
In fact, one of them was, I don't know how you spell that, but that's what he's been repeating too much.
Let's see.
In regard to the recent ratings dip, you have to get back to the basics.
Oh, I see.
In other words, here's somebody that's going to give us a song.
Right.
A program.
In fact, I read the eyes of the writing, believe me, this book is, I already told you what the story is in the book.
And we made a very nice bonus and had the highest ratings on the station again.
Thank you.
And blow it out your ass.
It says, fart sounds and references to ball movements.
Yeah.
As for George, no more movie talk.
So here's a concern chronic drop dead.
Okay, concern chronic.
See the handwriting?
Right.
One of those chronic cracks is get a light.
We're doing just fine.
We're kicking this serious ass, even if it is our own.
And if we get a one share, we still get paid the same.
In spite of making a lot of money.
And we're going to be in Georgia to get squat.
That's just the way it is.
What?
In spite of all those diaries and what they felt.
What did you stop?
We already know about that.
I did not tell you the minute that I started seeing this, that this was the funniest book ever.
And then we went up to sampling all upside down.
And it books all across the country and markets all across the company.
People are, see, if this was like a real radio market, they wouldn't even pay for this book.
They see we want this redone because your sampling was badly flawed.
And it's a piece of crap.
I mean, from the summer, which is September, what is it?
August, September, October.
No, July, August, September.
Those three months.
From the summer rating book, the idea that all of a sudden there was this dramatic change in listening.
Is bull crap?
Nobody would believe that.
Right.
Including stations that have been on the year 100 years like Magic, which didn't change format.
And all of a sudden they were zooming up there.
Nobody would believe that either.
Or CMQ FM, which you notice we still have that one person that they call and tell us about their Ho Chi Koochie, what it's all about.
Well, we don't have no cross.
And probably because we know we probably don't have anybody listening to the station.
And ever listen to the CMQ FM.
I don't even know where to find it on the dial.
CMQ FM.
I'll go ask a Cuban.
Yeah, go find a Cuban.
Okay.
Go squeeze one.
See what happens.
5, 6, 7.
Right.
Not in the hole, I'm sure.
Am I?
Is this right?
We're doing a pizza loft again?
Yeah.
Can't get enough.
Why?
Why are we doing three spots in one day, Jeff?
That'll make up for lost time.
Oh, stop.
He's just doing it to punish me, okay?
And what were you saying about his daughter?
Ten minutes after one, I'll be used to.
That's terrible.
That is brutal.
What you just did.
If Jeff saw that, he'd be really wild.
He probably would go, if he saw what you just did.
Anyway, pizza loft is great.
The food is delicious.
It's fresh.
They give you plenty of it.
They give you gigantic portions.
Nothing is prefabricated.
Everything is cooked fresh to order.
That's why you won't get any soggy pasta at the pizza loft.
Everything, like I said, is just the way you like it.
They've got three different kinds of pizza.
They've got you for Gaza spicy pizza.
They've just sit in thick and then they've got your original New York style pizza.
Whatever you like.
And the prices are so low, you can take the whole gang in there over and over again.
In fact, rumor raves about the prices of the pizza loft.
He says you can't beat it with a stick.
Let me tell you about that restaurant in Coral Springs later on.
Anyway, you'll find the pizza loft.
The original, the proud location is still going strong.
Forget about the other one because Jeff said a bad idea.
But you'll love the pizza loft in Davies on University.
Drive between 595 and Griffin Road.
But right behind Pier 1 in ports, tons and tons of free parking.
Friendly staff, great service.
And they're open every day, seven days a week for the world's best pizza.
And lots of other great stuff too.
Call them for takeout or delivery at 954-916-8880.
That's 954-916-8880 for the world's famous pizza loft.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
Those checkered pants.
Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the air apparent.
Her son, Prince Charles.
Hello.
Hello, Charles.
Yes.
It's, it's mom.
Yeah, mom.
What are you calling for again, mom?
I'm worried about your chars.
Mom, you can't keep calling me every day.
I'm, I'm very worried.
You're calling me like 10 times a day, mom.
I've been handed the newspaper here.
The Daily Mirror?
Yes.
I don't read such rubbish.
Well, did you happen to see the front page?
I didn't see it, mom.
I don't read such rubbish.
I'll tell you.
It says it's Charles bisexual.
Because what?
It's true, Charles.
What was the same, mom?
It's Charles bisexual.
What does it mean by that, mom?
It means you like the lassies and the lads.
I don't like the lads, mom.
Don't cry, mom.
It's true, isn't it?
Please don't cry, mom.
It's true.
It's not true.
I knew I should have thought someone wrong
when I called you listening to Clay-Aid.
I like him, mom.
He's a good singer and I'm all the same.
I mean, that's all of his true.
And all those Barbara Strays and movies in the collection, no?
I love to read yet, mom.
That doesn't make me buy.
How's Harry?
Harry's fine.
With his?
Watching him shower right now.
Where are you crying, mom?
It's true, isn't it?
What?
It's true.
It's not true.
You're my sex, you want?
I am not by sex.
You are.
I don't have any sex.
The woman I'm dating, mom, looks like a horse.
I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all.
You know that.
Is that why you go for the men?
I don't go for the men.
I'm not going to be the king of England.
Yes, that's what I'm worried about.
Why, you worried, mom?
You're being a king and a queen.
I can't continue this conversation any longer, mom.
All right.
My date's here.
Your date?
The committer?
Come on in early.
Who is it?
I'm just a friend.
Is that committer?
It's Ernie.
Ernie, who's Ernie?
It's a blackboard derby.
Who is Ernie?
We play football together, mom.
You don't play football.
We play games together, mom.
I've got to go to have them.
Stop crying.
Stop crying.
117 at 560 W.C. in the Mad Dog at 2.
The Humper from the Seminole Indians at 4.
And after that, you don't want to know.
560 at 560.
They don't want to know after that.
0.56.
I want the inforizon.
No, you don't.
Marla Slime.
Oh, tell me.
Danny and Davy.
Davy and Danny.
400-anyone votes.
You think we'll get to 600?
No.
If we don't get to 600 by exactly 2 o'clock, George will be here tomorrow from 10 to 2.
And I'll be home, you know, dressing my wounds.
119 votes, even a crazy Dean is better than boys.
See, that was a good choice.
I'm glad I put that on there.
Whose idea was that?
It's color.
Thank you, color.
Very good color.
Time for you, got one.
I'm still four.
I mean, he was just rallying the troops 102.
I'm glad we found out about him now before it's too late, 90.
Before it's too late.
No, no, no, no.
Late.
He lost, he's lost at 68.
I never liked him any how 62.
And the doctor is self-medicating too much, 39.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Hey, Neil.
You know, I tried to, I heard about the new song by, uh, what's it they, Willie Nelson the other day?
Yeah.
And I had the entire war song, right?
Right.
And they won't play it on kids, so the other country's face should be caused, uh, it's the Antique Booster, Antique War.
Well, screw that, we'll play it.
I'm going to go on and get it today.
Somebody will bring it by.
Do you know what the name of it is?
No.
Oh, okay.
I thought you knew it.
No, I just heard about it, but I haven't heard it long enough.
Well, we'll get a hold of it by hooker by crook, okay?
I mean, this is, uh, baloney, this is, you know, give me a break.
Exactly.
Delay it in there.
Thanks, pal.
Yeah, we'll get the Dixie chicks and Willie Nelson and we'll put it all on there.
And we'll take that asshole, like, uh, what's his name again?
It was on with Larry King, which I didn't watch last night.
I was watching hockey.
That right wing asshole, that country, uh, uh, Oh, Toby Keith.
Toby Keith.
For the hour, Larry King.
For the hour, you know, this whole Larry King business, something has to happen with that.
Don't be trusted, uh.
Yeah.
Get him off of there.
This is the same thing that propped up that little asshole Ross P. Row.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you know that Ross P. Row offered to pay, uh, money to get the hostages out of Iran?
Do you know that?
No.
There's some really, I'm reading so many books at the same time now.
I can't even keep them straight.
So I don't know which book it's in.
He's a real piece of crap, real turd.
And who propped them up?
Our good friend Larry.
Longing fifty dollars.
Asshole.
Thank God nobody out of the age of 100 watches, Larry.
That's good news.
With a suspended, and an Aaron Brown with a bad hair piece.
Nobody can keep weighing him.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
What you doing?
What you doing, doc?
What can we do for you, pal?
Yeah, you and your mama.
A bunch of money.
Yeah, your mama.
Well, that was good.
That was special, wasn't it?
He must have been one of them ethnic, so I got the diaries.
He has sucked this.
Schmuck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palem 5, 60.
The T is good, but I'm right on the edge.
I'm right on the very edge.
Ah.
Well, that's great.
It's in a higher.
Well, there's the a two-per-coverage catcher.
We got all those intermediaries.
They're still looking for it.
And the two-per-coverage, too.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
W-C-M-Q-F-M, hola.
We should start answering the phone like that.
Huh?
La cubanissima.
La cubanissima.
No, we're more much of that.
We're at the cubanissima.
Radio Mambi.
Radio Mambi.
Radio Mambi.
Radio Mambi.
Radio Mambi.
Radio Mambi.
W-A-M, hello.
Radio Mambi.
Yes, sir.
Here.
Speaking.
How's it going?
Great.
I just wanted to, what's my opinion about the Howard Dean?
I think it's actually a good chair.
I was glad to see somebody that wasn't actually acting like a robot.
Right.
And then that was actually had some emotion and some feeling of self.
He put the emotion in the basket.
Well, I understand that the screaming in there was a little...
No, just on this coating, you said he put the emotion in the basket.
What's wrong with that?
No, not at all.
No, it's just good to see it with your special side to see that somebody else had actually some feeling.
There we go.
I'm going to put it from heart to heart.
At least he showed a pulse.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks a lot, I mean, I've read the urge.
You too.
Have a great life.
See, he's got a good point.
There, at least he showed a little spunk.
Do you?
Maybe a little, huh?
Maybe a little bit too much spunk.
Pretty sure a little bit of spunk.
We're going to South Carolina.
And Oklahoma.
And Arizona.
And North Dakota.
And New Mexico.
We're going to California.
And Texas.
And New York.
We're going to South Dakota.
And Oregon.
And Washington.
And Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington DC to take back the White House.
Yeah.
And that could be our poll question.
Are we going to like better?
How are Dean or how are David?
No.
The poll question.
Absolutely.
Come on.
Why not?
Chancester rag on at a last.
494.
We had 160 o'clock.
I think we can make it.
We got 40, 35, 38 minutes.
Either way, I'll make arrangements.
For what?
Can't ride.
494 votes on that poll.
We need 600 before two o'clock.
You better everybody in the audience hop on it.
Get to your PC, steal one.
Right.
Go to the library.
Go to the library.
Just hop in if you're at work.
Just hop in the pubicle right next to you.
Knock the other guy out of there and just hop on at neorodges.com.
Because we, and I'm hoping that it doesn't happen.
Because I'd like to take, you know, I need some more days off.
Huh?
How many more this month?
About 30, man.
Yeah, even though it's the 22nd already.
Overworked.
Overworked.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I love the lineup on WQAM.
Right.
But there was, I know that Joe Rose is a stand up guy and he tells the truth.
He's a sit down guy.
He's a stand up guy.
Right.
But I call him this morning and ask him about an article in the newspaper about rumors, him and D.
Fo, keening together going somewhere else on the dial.
If his contract doesn't get done.
Really?
There at QAM.
Do you know anything of that?
I never heard that.
That's what I mean.
I really, really enjoy Joe Rose in the morning.
I don't believe he's going anywhere.
In fact, they were saying that he didn't get his contract signed or...
Well, he didn't get his contract signed because Greg, our general manager, had a death in the family
so he's out of town for a couple of days.
But I think that was the only hold up.
Right, because the car I asked him if there was true or not and Joe Rose, you know, usually I could set a stand up guy.
Said no comment and left it at that.
Well, he likes to screw on a little bit more.
Hopefully he'll stay because we love him very much here.
The lineup is great.
Love you, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Excellent thing.
See, there you go.
There's a happy camper.
We like that.
There's one.
There's a happy, like, everybody.
We like it the way it is right now.
It's just fun.
We got sucked into the forerelf thing and again, I'm not speaking for me because I think everything was fine then too,
but it just...
We got a false sense from the audience or either that or the book is even more bogus than we thought.
You know, I can't believe that.
Well, why shouldn't he take a hit everybody else?
No, but not just that, but 18 to 34 men for example.
We did much, much better than he did.
Now, why is that?
I don't know.
Because that was supposed to be his strength with the young punk audience, right?
You'd think.
18 to 34, even Mo!
Don't say it.
Can I give you the hour by hour 18 to 34 men?
Okay.
5 a.m.
By the way, Joe and Mark, don't quit your day job.
Now, how do they do overnight?
Do they know yet?
I don't know yet.
Men 25, 54, 1 to 5 a.m.
A 4-8, that's pretty good.
Adequate.
Midnight to 1 in the morning and 5-1 with Eddie Kay.
Joe and Mark.
Oh, that's 1 to 5.
Well, whatever they got, they got it.
It was okay.
Not as good as that other one.
No, nobody's what.
Huh?
Nobody's what?
No, no.
That's right.
Good point.
18 to 34 men.
Not that anybody cares about passing this along just in case.
Mo, in the morning, 5 to 6 a.m.
4.9 here.
Not bad.
After 2.5, 4.9.
3.4, 6 to 7.
And then he had a 2.9.
Ooh, a little on the weak side.
Absolutely.
Then, for real, 8 to 9 o'clock, 2.8.
9 to 10, 2.6.
Not good.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
2.8 and a 2.6 on the heels of a not really all that bad deal by Mo.
10 o'clock, we had a 6.2.
And then a 7.4 and then a 5.2 and a 5.0.
And a 1 and a 2 and a 3.0.
5.0.
We had a Y5.
Oh!
In the 1 o'clock hour.
Can you believe that?
So, in many 18 to 34, we had the far and away the highest on the radio station.
We're very proud of that.
Anybody over 35?
I don't want you.
No, we want everybody.
But I just mentioned that in passing, see?
So, that's my point.
He just, he wasn't cutting it.
He put on a good act like he was kicking ass in the talk to the good game.
Even a Humper will tell you that if he gets through with his feud with Mo.
But he talks the great game everywhere he goes, but he's not exactly, you know,
igniting the community the way he envisions.
Now, I'm not knocking him just because he's gone now.
I'm just, because we didn't have the numbers before.
I'm just laying it out there for what it is.
Right.
Okay?
He was a tough listen.
And even my good friend, the mad dog, told me that right to my face.
In fact, the day that he got canned for L, somebody called mad dog and said,
well, you're the only one on the radio station who's told it the way it is.
We've been listening all day long.
We really appreciate it.
And that's, I mad dog went on this whole thing about, oh, he was a real gentleman
and all his dealings with me.
And he never said anything about anybody else on the station as it said.
Which is much as I love the mad dog.
That was absolutely incorrect.
That was bull crap.
You know, he was just, he was just, you know, polishing your lapel.
He was waxing it.
The shalei.
He was waxing his shalei.
I mean, I told it exactly the way it was.
And at least in terms of what I knew, and now that I know more, you old saying the less said the better.
I know.
What's the worst way you'll fight?
The few way you have.
Are you in the market for a mortgage?
You've been thinking that now is the time to refinance your home.
If you want a great rate of 3.95% and pick up that phone and call financial group,
80940 LED.
There's a mortgage program out there at 3.95% that's available for the refinancing or the purchasing of your home.
Call financial group 80940 LED.
You know, every month millions of people are buying homes or refinancing homes with this program.
And it's available to you just by calling that financial group at 8009405363.
The bigger the mortgage, the bigger your savings.
Paying a higher rate for your mortgage someplace else costs you thousands of dollars each year.
So increase your cash flow by cutting down that mortgage payment.
Call financial group and put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself in the market.
Pay 3.95% mortgage.
This program can really save you thousands of dollars each year.
Build a way call them today financial group 800940 LED.
That's 800945363.
Equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice.
My name is Paul.
This is 4256.
You weigh in weigh.
There was a pitiful for cartoomish plot.
There was no farmer who lived on a rock.
He sat in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the crick.
They're feeding the water.
Their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces and white fluffy dark.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep you sin later from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for lightly she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fits.
And maybe she'd let him wrap hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made a butter sky.
And then he spread wood cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go f*** yourself.
What's 32 or 560 WQM?
See that thing comes in great on the ass end of bits.
I just discovered that.
No?
Yeah, I think it's something to read.
I think it's something to read.
I mean anybody's ass in the middle.
Yeah, or in the middle of anybody's ass.
Not too long.
512 votes.
We need 88 by 2 o'clock to get your job for tomorrow.
We can get it as mild.
We can get to 600.
You'll see.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
Come on, let's hear it.
What's your take, baby?
Even a crazy aden is better than Bush 137.
I'm still for him.
He was just rallying his troops 104.
He just tried to get enthusiastic, man.
Yeah.
Fight the good fight.
Don't throw in the towel.
That's what he was saying.
He was pumping them off.
He was pumping them off is right like Arnold.
I'm glad we found out about him now 93 people feel that way.
93 like we'll bug Gilmore.
He's lost it 73.
I never liked him any how 66.
And the doctor is self-medicating too much.
39.
And let's go to the track Tuesday night.
42.
5...
567.
Which story do you like better?
That's the story to one about my mother and the mother.
I just speak up.
I can't hear you.
If you people don't stop faxing me these long stories.
This is a story from the York Observer about the fact that these women, the wives of the 9-11 victims, are continuing to go and have these meetings and try to find out about what happened in 9-11.
But what you understand, this country will never ever get the truth to the bottom of that ever.
Because your government lies.
Because they're full of crap.
And because there's too much to cover up there.
Start reading 7-M books that are out there.
Okay.
Like the ones I've been telling you about.
Start reading 7-M at stuff.
God.
5-670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
Yeah, for Neil.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes?
Hi, this is Mike.
Just calling to say for how it deans.
Yes.
I can't get to a computer.
That is the best on this bunch at this point.
I think they were having a party and he was just a little high on it.
He was just getting whipped up trying to get the troops off far enough.
That might have been it, but you see the way the media has taken it out of context now
to make it look like some kind of a crazy person.
Absolutely.
And I think, you know, the other side of that coin with the other thing.
I think they put the Democratic power put what's his name?
Liebaman and as a pit bull.
In Iowa?
Being down.
Yeah.
Are you mean in the debates?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sure, it's your scene that way.
I said that before too.
He was just there to your dean down.
Yeah.
Okay, pal, good luck to us.
Thank you, Neil.
You about to have a great day.
Yeah, I did not say that at the time.
Yep, that Julie, remember, was just there is the pit bull for the anti-deam people
which was just about everybody else.
See, Dean was anti-establishment.
I'm not trying to like change my tune now because I did like him, but he, I'm telling you.
He has nobody to blame but himself.
If his advisor said, include what they were doing as handlers, they would have handled it differently.
They would like to say one differently.
Here's what they're trying to do.
They're trying to make you look like a mad man and he kept doing things like that.
And the thing with the National Anthem, whether he was trying to drown out the protesters or not,
it's just, it's just, especially on the heels of the other thing.
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
It just makes him look like a little unstable.
Oh, sorry, not like what we have known.
Well, I'm not, not that unstable.
I said, oh, I'm not talking about that.
Please, don't forget rushes on now, by the way, all you rush people.
He needs your help too.
Anybody who speaks English in this last book, we all suck wind together.
Hey, great.
I haven't heard from anybody about CMQFM.
No.
When a book came out last Friday, I asked about it and we had like one or two calls.
And then that's about it.
Nobody even knows where to fight it on the dial.
No.
Much less what kind of Gucci, Gucci they play.
Yeah.
Too much Gucci in them, not Gucci.
That's the problem in this last book, yeah.
No, it's a big of a play, it's me.
This is part of a new, uh, Anglo-Asimilation program.
We're going to assemble it.
We're going to learn that spiny old.
Get ourselves a 357 Chevy, grab his license.
A little welfare, whatever else we're working on our hands.
Say it.
No, honest.
No.
Flier.
Yeah, you're learning a welfare, not fooling me.
I can't be living off with her paint.
You can make it more.
Probably.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Nobody there.
QAM, hola.
WCMQFM, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Great Panther game last night.
Yeah.
It was awesome.
But a predictable result.
Yeah, but you know, I mean.
A predictable crowd, even with a two for one deal, very, very weak.
I definitely loved it when your game scored the hat trick.
When what?
Your game.
Your game?
Alex, your gay tangay?
Yeah.
That's funny.
Yeah, that's great fight.
Yeah, more on.
There's another Panther guy, idiot.
567056, you know, Panther fans are all gone.
There's about how many left there?
About 30, man.
Everybody else is in there.
There's a good, their free loaders.
And even even with a free ticket, say, a lot of those empty seats.
They keep making up these numbers, you know, like Monday night, 15,000.
It's enough to make you want to cry.
Hey, do we know the name of that Willie Nelson anti-war song?
Oh, yeah, it's called, oh, yeah, Komova.
Oh, you've ain't Komova.
I don't know what it is.
Why?
Because I would go fetch it if I knew what to call it.
Well, somebody will either faxist the name of it or the, they'll call it.
Or if you look up and do a search on Willie Nelson, we'll tell you the name of it.
There's a big flap over it.
Do a search on Willie's Nelson.
There's a big flap over it because just like with the Dixie Ticks,
anybody else that doesn't go step along.
Oh, you can't say those things.
Next thing you'll be in there with old Martin Sheenie.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I know the name of that song.
What's that?
I'm calling.
That's what it's called.
Now that's the song the president singing.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
You're not feeling well.
I'm feeling a little head cold.
I'm feeling a little...
Okay, thank you very much.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Pretty good.
Great.
This is the old, were you fudge packing, buddy?
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Out right.
See what I mean?
Chronic.
I think about five cards.
You know, you're not a bad guy but the bug off.
Okay.
Get lost.
You're not funny.
You're not amusing.
You're not even a little titter.
I'd rather hear...
I'd rather play that all day than hear you.
You know, you're just not funny.
No more.
No more.
No more.
We're gonna make that six hundred to one.
We got five forty-one, twenty-one minutes to go.
Twenty minutes and fifty-five seconds but who's counting?
For another fifty-nine vote.
You think we can do it?
Six hundred by two or five?
Oh, we'll see.
Pretty dramatic.
I think I picked the right number.
I gave him a real, real test.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, that's it.
Too late.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Too late.
Q-A-M-O-L-A.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
W-C-N-Q-F-M speaking.
I'm trying to enter the New Royal Sproding Place.
You're on it.
Okay.
Go ahead, amigo.
All right.
This is your moment in the sunshine.
Yes.
Say your peace.
Don't leave us none on a radio now.
Okay.
Against all the people that is criticizing Mr. Bean,
Yes.
Because of his speech and his style.
I am still, I am still proposed
with a Nobel Prize of Takeness,
seeing our president,
just as a pilot,
and landing in the aircraft's link.
Absolutely.
Absolutely correct, sir.
That is everything I want to say.
And don't forget to apply stick turkey
at the bag that airport, either.
Right.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Which is grassiest?
Yeah, it takes the turkey to bring a plastic turkey, don't it?
That Thanksgiving?
Yeah.
It was a stunt turkey.
Sure.
Paper mache.
Mm-hmm.
Kind of like a senior cruise with their stunt penis.
20 till 2 at 5.60, QAM.
George, are you in the market for a mortgage?
Have you been taking that now?
No, I did it again.
Wrong spot.
Hey, listen, you want to hear that one again?
Or maybe we like this one better.
You want for an inter-ex-diabetic?
You got it?
An inter-ex-diabetic is a delicious meal replacement drink
that happens to be made for.
Thanks, Neil.
People like me living with diabetes,
but anybody wants to cut down their sugar intake,
which is just about everybody these days,
can drink it and enjoy it too.
An inter-ex-diabetic is sweetened with splendor,
which is made from sugar,
so there's no nasty aftertaste
like you get with aspartame and saccharin.
And the other good news is that no-
None of that either.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians
for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition
just because they're in a hurry.
An inter-ex-diabetic say completely balanced nutritional supplement
that gives you all the essential vitamins and minerals
you need for a healthy life.
Plus, fiber and antioxidants yet it's low insaturated,
fat and cholesterol.
It's gluten-free and lactose-free too.
And eight ounce can provide you with 137 calories
of easily-digested nutrition.
Try an inter-ex-diabetic once you'll never, ever go back
to whatever you were drinking before.
And you can pick it up all over town now.
It's at Publix Walgreens,
Eckers and Varro-Citano's,
CVS at the local pharmacies.
The people who make it are so sure you're going to love it
that they're giving away free full-size samples
in vanilla out chocolate.
In fact, they got the two-pack now.
Remember two-pack?
Oh, yeah.
It won't seem like it.
He still did.
But in any rate, they're giving away the two-pack
of vanilla and chocolate.
One of each side by each.
Anybody who calls the tool free number free?
Give it a try.
Just call 1-866-368-3739 or fast-reared order area online,
if you like, at inter-ex-diabetic.com,
ENT-ER-EX, enter-ex-diabetic.com all in order.
Click on free samples when you get to it.
Tell them that Neil sent you by
for the delicious one and get yourself an additional
special gift to.
Call them today and try it out.
Try it.
You'll like it.
I guarantee it.
1-866-368-3739.
My life and look all.
This is 420560.
You're way too way, yeah.
A Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Great.
Don't speak English.
I keep, by the way.
Try it.
I'm sure that.
Put on my five-on-ones and I
heard it from street.
Just check out the best of hustling
I'm starting to feel the heat.
All right.
Suddenly I see people
checking out my buns I see.
Yeah, I got a first class riser.
It don't pitch to 10-mind-gees.
Now I'm smart and a wordy.
I'm finding it impossible to conceal.
I'm smart and a wordy.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
So it goes to others.
He was far more to.
Absolutely.
Follow him up to the gate.
It's a crazy one.
Just to see what he would do.
It's mostly face to be there.
As he headed for his room.
There's a prison of ghosts.
He's waiting for his post.
Down in the jungle room.
We're starting with it isn't there.
It's really impossible to conceal.
I'm starting with it isn't there.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I'm smart and a wordy.
It's almost impossible to conceal.
I'm starting with it isn't there.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
I feel like an asshole without a wheel.
Everybody knows it because they hear you every day.
Everybody QAM Hello.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
That was my boyfriend by the way.
He was a little more like Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
Tony Gwyn.
A Ruins Really powerful and woman with goedmie
Uh, yada yada yada.
No, I don't have time to read it right now.
That's not that long.
How would Republicans go after this guy and ask toward the end here either on substance
or tone and demeanor of life story while some of the contenders have a painfully obvious
sister to go after watching Edwards had a pretty clear sense that he'd scare the president's
political advice.
Well, that's good.
We need to do a scare them so they scream.
We're just running away.
They don't have to scream.
Just run away.
Just go away and leave us alone.
Give us our toys back.
Okay, Carl Rove and all the other assholes.
That's what it is.
It's the bush chainy, uh, pearl wolf or whats Rove?
Junta is what it is.
Yeah, young.
Junta, right.
Pretty tragic.
Pretty sad.
All this stuff has been pre-ordered over a couple of years ago.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
Are you using power to vote for pack-you-canon?
Don't be voting for the Zodosys.
Okay?
That's why Tika's on the off.
I'll tell you right now.
We got 500, 600 a.m. or what?
Five, oh, we're gonna make it easy.
Why? See how lucky the enough of a challenge,
that's the problem.
Make it too easy.
594 and we got eight minutes to go.
I mean, we could crawl in our hands
and easily to the finish line before that.
I'll say one thing, this went by pretty fast today.
I'm not really sure what happened here.
Cause we're just yuking it out.
No, I don't know what happened here.
Cause I'm like, you know,
I don't know how to do that.
I don't know why that went by.
Out of sight, said it like that.
Eight minutes till two at QA and then we'll come back.
Or maybe not.
You don't have to be lucky when your car's on the fritz.
Although if you want to play Russian,
we'll let with it be my guess.
You can open the yellow pages
and entrust it to some losers out there
who we've gone on the old time and all.
But if you want to be smart,
take it to EF Terranada Repair
because you can really trust these guys.
They've been around a long time and they will be.
There were 50, 83 North Federal High,
wages to mile and a half North of Sample Road
and Pompeville Beach.
And EF Terranada Repair experienced the difference
that experience makes.
All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians.
In other words, they know the latest technology.
They really know their crap.
And most have been with the EF team
for nearly 20 long, amazing years.
In fact, combined, they've had over 200 years of experience
at EF.
No job is too small or too big for me.
There were whether it's a blown fuse,
a blown engine, anything in between.
Whether it's a 73 Toyota,
do an O4 Bentley,
EF Terranada Repair be doing it all for you.
Jobs are meticulously double checked for accuracy
by the shop format and,
every car is cleaned upon,
completion of work at a look
and run just like brand new.
EF honors most extended warranties
offer your wide-eared weight service on most repairs too.
EF Terranada Repair folks you can trust.
There were 50 83 North Federal Highway and Pompeville Beach.
Ask about their 90-day Samus Cash
No interest credit card too when you call.
954 426 9926 954 426 9926.
EF Terranada Repair be sure and thumb that old Neil sent you
by their nationally recognizes
one of the most successful auto repair businesses
in the entire country.
And EF don't forget their motto.
Nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn
your business and keep it.
My name is Andy Locals.
This is 4256.
You weigh in.
End number one, David!
We're number one George, men 18 to 49.
I got it.
Pick me as under 5 foot 2,
retard, et cetera.
Give me time to see that we're lacking in the cold.
They provided it like that will be you by the cold.
Who said that Sam is the one who gets
now they have only one that did say to her.
Don't forget about sit down.
We got it.
That we're all hoping and saying.
We got it.
We only check this no more.
We got it.
Please push my keys.
All right.
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do.
You can't get any gum but a one-party car on the beach.
You believe what they say like the cold.
Like the cold and the cold.
I say you my nations,
I stay a state so they fall with you.
Hold me a lecture.
We got it.
Push it out and hang with me.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
In fact, we're all going to have it pretty soon.
158 at 560.
This has been kind of painless.
You know, the T.
Thanks a lot Josh for going to get in the T.
He made up the story about the crash.
Sure.
He had a stopper quick B.J. on the corner there.
He gave them out.
Yeah, he's good about it.
613.
He saw a scram was out there on the corner.
She was going on the finger.
613 votes are your safe.
Say it.
Make it too damn easy for you.
Yeah.
To you.
What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech in Iowa?
We're asking today.
Pretty good response.
613.
Even a crazy Dean is better than Bush.
100 and that came from nowhere.
173.
Told you.
Was that my idea?
I'm still for him.
He was just routing his troops.
109.
As in PT 109.
Remember that?
Yes.
He's lost it.
108.
As an 8.
That great.
I'm glad we found out about him now.
102.
As in before it's too late.
I never liked him anyhow.
As in 8.
78.
And the doctor is self-medicating too much.
43.
As in whoopee.
How let's make whoopee with all Dr. Dean.
So whatever you like, you like it.
Okay.
And I think the ABB thing, anybody with Bush is good.
Even a manifestly irresponsible man like Howard Bealwood say.
He didn't say that.
Who said it?
I don't know.
Frank Hackett.
Oh, that was Diana.
Oh, yeah.
He said the Frank Hackett.
You're talking about putting it in manifestly irresponsible man on network TV.
Oh no, Frank Hackett said that to her.
That's what I said.
And she nodded her head like, hey.
But she was a little crazy too, Diana.
She's great.
Yes, she's so fabulous.
Anyway, that's going to do it for us.
And I actually can pretty much speak now.
Well, you got T at home.
Oh, I got T up the ass, man.
That's good for your voice too.
Didn't you ever take like a Blackberry T-Anima?
Wow, it is dynamite.
Later today.
It'll make it.
In fact, what I'm going to do now.
I'm going to mommy's for lunch.
I'm going to show her what a real bowel move it looks like.
Bye, bye, bye.
Can you watch your show on 516-1-Q-A-L?
My name is Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, man.
Don't show me that.
And it smells like.
