But a silly place is all I can
Oh yeah, speaking to those, they must be smoking a really good stuff in that place.
We're down in Jamaica in the care of being.
They got the best herb that you ever seen.
As if anybody in that table or foot
They tell you this country where they're going to be.
Oh, right!
Rastaman has some he want to sell
And from a pile of way you can detect this smell of salt.
Salt, gunga, salt, salt.
The light of the split-line throat.
Salt, gunga, salt, salt.
Yeah.
Salt, gunga, salt, salt.
The gunga, be good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gunga sack.
Smoke it everyday until you're lost and like.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke, gunga, salt, salt.
The light of the split-line throat.
They begin to cough and choke.
Yeah.
Smoke, gunga, smoke, smoke.
Yeah.
They're gonna be good.
I'm the teller son you are and I'm a stuntman.
You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
What's all it in me be but coming here for miles around.
A bite deeper for you by the ounce of paper.
Rasta man say to her, Mama you're right.
They can be good.
Tonight and then they smoke.
Yeah.
Smoke, gunga, salt, salt.
Yeah.
The light of the split-line throat.
Yeah.
Smoke, gunga, salt, salt.
Smoke, gunga, salt, salt.
They're gonna be good.
We got this that drink gonna come in and give a group of bottomies but I'm here.
Unbelievable.
But let me ask you something, how is Jack doing?
We'll find out.
You got to make Jack press conference coming up on a clock or a little bit after one.
There are boots.
And of course we make way for that because when it comes to QAM only the sports are be good.
We're just filler here, just filler material.
That's all we do.
Just kill them some time.
Chillin' and killin'.
Well the reason I played that bit.
A alarm by reports that marijuana is becoming more potent than ever.
Oh my God.
And the children are trying at younger and younger ages.
Well you can tell from the what's going on there at QAM.
Obviously it must be so strong.
You're like, this is ruining from it.
Because they're obsessed with Jack.
Even Mo shaved his head.
That's a true story for those who didn't hear Mo this morning.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
There you go.
Shaved it clean.
And his head too.
In honor of shot.
Right.
Anyway.
More children are trying to get younger and younger ages in POT 2.
US officials are changing their drug policies.
All you POT heads out there.
Huh?
What?
Talking to me?
Yeah.
POT is no longer the general weed of the 60s and may pose a greater threat than cocaine or even heroin.
Because so many more people use it.
By the way I'm drug free.
Two weeks today.
No sugar, no cake, no ice cream, no candy bars, no nothing.
No sugar, two weeks.
Cake?
I've blood sugar this morning with 78.
I've lost 9 pounds in the two weeks.
Slow down a little bit on that but not because I'm eating any crap.
No crap.
Which I'm pretty excited about that.
Anyway, officials at the National Institutes of Health and at the White House are hoping to
shift some of the focus and research and enforcement from hard drugs such as cocaine and heroin to the wicked weed.
So all you weed people out there, you better watch it because the POT police are going to come into kick your ass.
I guess we got to switch back to coke now Josh.
We better get with it because we only got three hours and then well see the audience isn't going to believe this.
How childish and embarrassing this place is.
But Clarence Deiro who is a little child playing program director.
I gave him a choice because he came in wanting to make sure that we didn't play any like drop-ins during the press conference.
Because some people, the 10 hockey fans we got in South Florida may remember a couple of years ago that exciting press conference in which beat the
T. Boatire is at Bill Tory, fired the Marie boys.
Oh right, you know played some drop-ins there when he announced that he had to terminate Brian Marie and Terry Marie.
And I was super dropped in a few with all the other couple of.
Oh right, I had some fun with it.
But you don't have fun with.
Sure.
You don't mess with that because it's too dang important at QAM.
We take this deadly seriously released daydue.
George don't take it seriously.
I sure as hell, I find it, I don't know whether it's hysterically funny or embarrassing.
And Josh, he can't say because he needs a job.
Right?
Well, what he found out.
Oh look at this looking like.
What he found out is ringing QAM.
Is this Shaq?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Excellent.
It's all Shaq all day.
I'm QAM.
Let's just Shaq up together.
Here's George's pull.
He's up.
You know, I got so sidetracked with all that crap going on there.
I never even had a chance to do the bio.
I'm Port Kate Hudson who I give about, I give about a seven and a half on his girl.
You can be generous.
Yeah.
I give her four feet.
Yeah.
Well, that's the kind of pictures that George selects to put on there when I'm on during these summer months.
Because, you know, I get the sloppy enough of it.
Oh, didn't force you.
They got to go do some new certain.
They do some research.
But make some more of those phony pictures you're famous for.
Right.
1489 votes on George's pull.
Yes, the day who has the biggest ego in the world.
Rush Limbaugh, Big Fat, Pill Pop and immigrant Rush, 339.
Donald Trump, 213.
Although I do like the fact he told Bush you're fired.
George W. Bush himself, 241.
Howard Spurm, a legend in his own mind, the Amashtar of Hype, 177.
Martha Stewart, 92.
Mohawar David, 65.
But then again, that was before the shaved head of it.
Right.
Right.
And then maybe people in the audience think we're making that up.
That happens to be true.
I've got it verified by a whole bunch of different people in the building.
But he actually shaved it and they said, too.
I mean, completely bald.
At least the Muscrack gets arrested.
That's one good thing.
In honor of course of...
Right.
Nice going airmo.
Moe 65 votes.
Dick Cheney 52.
Kobe Bryant 42.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 30.
Inco Lethodore Hines and away at a town.
And by the way, the guy still dead.
Dennis Miller 34.
Barry Bond's 29.
Rosie O'Donnell, 16.
Steve Gildey Gildstein, 14.
Don I'm a 13.
The I'man.
George Lucas 9.
Oh, I saw a great...
What a great show it was on.
I don't even know where it was last night.
Two hour thing on all the 60s and 70s.
Wolves and all the great directors.
And that's so great.
And a crazy Sam Pickin-Paw and George Lucas and Martin Scressese and all.
And Francis Ford Coppola.
It was great.
George Lucas mean time.
After Star Wars, guess he waited 22 years and came back with.
Star Wars Part One.
Star Wars Part Two.
Yeah.
What was that?
Raspberry.
Raspberry.
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
I'm not going to see it.
It's not?
Not just yet.
That was just this weekend.
I'm sure that's how well there are far Milofer in there.
There are far Milofer in there.
Speaking�� through those walls with shells?
Speaking�� through those walls with shells pixel cooling off,
Yes sir?
Yes sir?
Yes sir.
Yes sir!
And don't forget, see this guy didn't even say,
you gotta say that when you call.
Because, Clarence, it'd be very upset if you don't.
We don't want a short-change shot
because we're all just on pins and needles.
We're shaving it and we're twisting it and pulling it
because we're all excited about, you got it.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, how are you?
When is this?
I was wondering, when do you think WIOD is gonna go in
and change your call letters to WRNC?
Right.
And I was listening to this.
Speaking by the way of CEEPS channel,
Air America's numbers are dropping like,
you can't even fight them anymore.
They have that initial little interest.
Nice going air people, do you put them on there
when nobody cares, but anyway, go ahead.
Also, too, I was listening to, I got that satellite radio
in my truck.
Right.
And they've got like left wing, talk ring radio
and all that.
And they had a guy on the right wing talk channel.
And he was talking about the marriage amendment
where the gay ban amendment.
Yeah.
And he says, well, they wanted, they wanted,
these liberals say that this is the first time
they want to amend the Constitution
to take a person, to take people's rights away.
But that's not entirely true because after the Civil War,
they amended the Constitution
to take people's rights away to own slaves.
Right, there you go.
That's a good point.
All right.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Have a good, don't forget.
Shock.
Don't forget about it.
All right, I won't.
See ya.
One o'clock, we got the big Shaq press conference.
In fact, they were warning me that those things never
stood out.
So anyway, this is a true story.
Clarence practically was begging, oh, please don't do any
of those drop-ins during the press conference.
Can we just carry a clean?
I said, no, we're going to stick around here.
Let's at least have some fun dropping a few like the ad
or maybe one of these like the solid.
So that the people that don't give a flying crap about Shaq,
which I realized that there must be many of us.
About 30,000.
30 million.
We can at least get a little amusement out of it.
And that sent him into like, I would say, a quasi-panic.
When you said it's the way to describe it, OK.
Yeah.
And so he went out of the hallway, had a conference with himself
and probably with Miss Muff or whoever,
and came rushing back in to say, oh, well,
you can leave it one.
Or whenever the press conference starts, have a nice day.
And I'm OK, fine.
Let's work more money.
That's our motto.
We didn't have the little dog on this morning.
No Joe Rose, we had the big.
Oh.
And I apologize for that.
Oh, boy.
Profusely.
Good guy, like I said.
But boy, we, I apologize.
Right.
We want to apologize for profusely, especially eight o'clock
in the morning when you want to try to stay away.
He is coma inducing.
He is not rock solid.
I'm trying to report.
But anyway, so I'm going to leave at one o'clock.
Or whenever the thing starts.
Just walk away.
And that's what I'm going to do.
And then whenever it's done, Georgia will be there
to pick up the pieces.
And then on the third day, we got the Marlins game at one o'clock
with a pregame at 12.30.
So this business of just, you know,
it's like a little cameo appearance here
at a cameo parents there.
Just keep the chest coming.
But parents did say he's going to try
to get Chris Moore on back from a day.
1013 at 560 W.D. Q.A. M. Hey, when your hair is been,
now you can do like Moe and shave all your hair off
because people are laughing at your muskrat.
Absolutely.
Or your gerbil.
Absolutely.
But if you want to look really great and younger
and better than you have in a hell of a long time,
maybe ever.
Here's the answer for you.
One simple call to my good buddy Charles Alfira
can do it for you because for more than 35 long excruciating
years, Charlie's been doing it for guys making them look
their best.
He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America.
The today showed CBS Morning News introducing his patent
and hair system that offers you the most amazing natural
hairline system you can find.
Nobody would even know it's not real hair.
That's the difference.
So if you want people laughing at you and falling on the floor
just to go and nuts, go right ahead and get one of those
mousey looking pieces.
But if you want to look like a bench,
get Charlie's new skin like hair system.
It is 100% undetectable.
And Charlie gives you this guarantee what's not to like.
He tries their system for 30 days.
Plus 30 man.
And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels
and smells, if you don't look even better than that,
then the return it for a whole refund.
You got nothing to lose but that big ugly ball spot.
So call Charlie today and change your life forever.
Look better and younger than you ever dreamed.
You could have gained.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or check them on at Wicked World Wide Web at Charles Alfieurie.com.
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I
I'm I'm I'm oh my Hello comon keys I'm going to be a baby Putsi myself as a wizard G Station
this gench söyl ench
in this genchётся
I'm being a bit crazy
tr then jack
Idonnit Suite
the more sex isn't going in the
and it doesn't have parallel scissorNas licks
じゃ가 belong Ventura
Just like this
Be here
Him
He
Yeah I
Most likely then Chad
So that's
So again, say from all over the world that I make pieces and all the places that I've been
ever heard of, I never heard of.
And now I'm four sexy dead John Edwards, four sexy dead John Edwards.
I'm here clear behind stocks and I'm wearing a bunch of below the sphere of annual factor
for wanting to hang on the shelf.
I'm more sexy than John Edwards.
I'm living alone and an attorney.
What else you got?
I have a bathing face too.
I want you to rest on my list and I want to put on my desk in the morning.
My eyes open.
I like all the same.
I am more sexy than John Edwards.
Would you rather look at my rusty old post for the last four years?
I don't know.
He's a liberal.
I like dirty clothes.
He's a liberal.
Yeah, he's a liberal.
Yeah, he's a liberal.
Yeah, he's a liberal.
I don't know.
I think he's a liberal.
Okay, I'm about to change.
I have a crappy heart.
But he sure is rock solid.
I have no mistake about it.
Although he knows that's for sure.
But then who is?
Twenty after ten.
Now you're right.
You said I knew it.
Dave the cop, whose middle name is.
I have no life.
He faxes in for our poll today.
Most other rated actor, Gene Heckman.
I'm going to sit thinking about Gary Oldman highly acclaimed by everyone.
Right.
No, not really.
Yeah.
Really?
But hey, whatever.
But when you're talking about the ten greatest actors of the twenty greatest actors,
nobody says Gary Oldman.
You're wrong.
Oh, Mr.
All right.
I mean, it's all subjective.
It's like, you know, somebody's got to draw the line.
In this case, I'm going to draw it.
How do you like that with a ballpoint pen?
Elmer now on the other hand has got two very good choices here.
Are we getting to Yash?
Seymour Philip Seymour Hoppen, Magnolia.
Also a talented Mr. Ripley.
He was Freddie.
He was Freddie until my Damon got all bent out of shape.
And then William H. Macy.
Now, see, you could say the same thing about William H. Macy as you're trying to say about
Gary Oldman.
Yeah, but Gary Oldman has been made big movies as the big star.
Well, yeah, William H. Macy's been in big movies too.
Well, Fargo as a character actor.
As just one of the characters though.
No, he wasn't a character actor in Fargo.
Okay, well, he was one of the characters.
Oh, like I said, put him on there.
Okay, or else, by the way, somebody we like a lot.
She turns out to be even greater than we thought she was.
Singer Linda Ronsstad not only got booed, she got the boot.
After lauding filmmaker Michael Lauren is new movie, Fahrenheit 9,
Leaven during a performance at the Aladdin hotel casino in Las Vegas.
Before staying desperate for an encore Saturday night,
the 58 year old rocker called more a great American patriot.
And someone who is spreading the truth.
And of course, she is absolutely correct.
She also encouraged everybody to see the documentary about President Bush.
She did not say anything about which we're not too happy about that.
That's probably why they kicked her ass out.
Ronsstad's comments drew loud booze in some of the 400 people
in attendance stormed out of the theater.
People also tore down concert posters and tossed cocktails in the air.
It was a very ugly scene.
Aladdin President Bill Timons told the Associated Press.
She praised him in all of a sudden all bedlam broke loose.
She praised Michael Moore and they got pissed off and fired up.
Timons who was British and was watching the show decided
Ronsstad had to go for good.
Timons said he didn't allow Ronsstad back at her luxury suite.
She was escorted off the property.
How do you like that?
Because he offered an opinion.
They kicked her out of the Aladdin's a dump anyway, even the new one.
Right. Don't go to the Aladdin when you go to Vegas, screw them.
Ronsstad's addicts scored a wonderful evening for our guest.
And we had to do something about it.
Timons said he said it was the first time he said it.
Performer packing.
I hope that they weren't packing.
That long as I'm here, she's not going to play Timons said.
Ronsstad had been booked to play the Aladdin for only one show.
Costor manager were not returned.
An interview with the Las Vegas review journal before the show.
Ronsstad said I keep hoping that if I'm annoying enough to them,
they won't hurt me back and look like she got her wish.
You go, girl.
We love Linda Ronsstad.
We ever had to run our beaten curtain.
No, there are no pictures of it.
Well, we better get some.
No way.
No, no, no.
Too late.
The closest is like a bad seafood picture.
WQM.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
Good name for your poll.
Humve Chrono.
Good.
Good choice.
How do we have to put Jessica Tandy on their toe after a clean and that?
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Humve Chrono.
You got an H-U-M-E-C-R-O-N-Y-N.
We got it.
Got it.
And Bokobrayan says that it's a good choice.
Ted Levine.
Ted Levine.
I wonder if he was kind to Irving Arlevene.
Remember Irving Arlevene?
No.
What network was he on?
Was he on NBC?
I believe.
I don't know.
You know, it was Levine.
That's the way before your time.
And he also used to wear a bow tie.
Do we take anybody seriously that mother Tucker Carlson wears a bow tie?
And of course, the Bill Torrey wears a bow tie.
Do we take either one of them seriously?
No.
No.
Who else wore a bow tie?
Did Wally Cox wear a bow tie?
Did anybody take her seriously?
No.
Mr. Peepers.
Oh, look at this.
John and Zach Cumbi, South Carolina, who is really chronic.
I have no life.
I'm a little confused over this aracting.
The people that are killing our American soldiers
and we're killing the same people that Saddam Hadin, Jail Tortured and Killed.
If so, why don't we tell them sorry about your sons and get back to this,
makes no sense.
But if the Andy does say something that is very significant,
you didn't say that at the bottom of his fax.
So you would need yourself real fast there,
John and South Carolina, and get a life where you please.
I have no life.
5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on a 18 and T,
and for eyes on wireless line.
One o'clock today or shortly thereafter,
we will join live on WQA and the Shackle Neal press conference.
Make no mistake about it because the whole world is waiting to hear about
even though of course we know that he's a wood to heat,
even though of course so we don't carry the heat on this station,
even though nobody who's doing this show
gives a flying crap about the heat,
you better get with it, right?
Right.
What?
In addition to which, I'll be more than happy to take
off out of here early.
Any time, any day, clearance, no problem.
We did the entire law.
Make sure we get all the spots in,
which of course is the only important thing, right?
Yes.
So what's not to like?
5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the 18 and T line.
Here's line 9 QAM.
Hello.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a couple of things for you.
Yes.
First of all, last week when you were talking about Rick Van Ches,
you asked for Brian Andrews went.
Yeah.
He actually left SBM.
He's going to be anchoring on channel 4.
Pretty soon.
I'll be damned.
I thought he was going,
well that's right, that's an in limbo job until he goes to New York.
Right, right, right.
Doing channel 4 and then he's going up near,
because he called us a couple of weeks ago and said,
something like that.
And you didn't do the whole thing about the Linda Ronson story.
I'll tell you why she got thrown out of the hotel,
because she badmouted the hotel on stage.
Good for her.
Talking about it, because the hotel put up a sign that said,
she was doing a greatest hit concert.
Yeah.
And that's not what she was doing.
So she was really upset about that.
Well, screw them.
I love Linda Ronson.
Nobody can pick on my limbo.
I'll tell you that right now.
All right, Neil.
And oh, don't forget about Shaq.
Thank you.
There you go.
Yeah, get with it.
Your party poop resouth there.
You better get with it.
Get with the program.
26 past 10.
It's one of those things where you don't know whether to laugh or cry.
So we'll just do both.
Okay.
We'll do both.
Laugh and we'll cry.
Because it's very, very sad that these people are taking this crap.
So very seriously.
And of course, if I were a daughtering old fool with a leaking bag
and I like shaved all my hair off because we had some
illiterate shot coming to town to play basketball,
I probably would be a
slinking off into the end of the sunset somewhere.
Can that be a good idea?
All right.
Get him a slinky.
Hey, if you're on the Ackins diet,
the South Beach Sugar Busters are any low-carb sugar free diet.
You're going to love this story.
It's called the Lights of Westboke.
And because they've helped thousands of low-carb dieters
just like you achieve their weight loss goals.
Today, shop them for the right low-carb products.
It's a real pain in the ass because you don't know what's real
and what's not.
Most of the so-called low-carb products on grocery stores shelves
won't help you lose weight.
Some will even make you gain weight because they're actually loaded
with all kinds of calories and fat and crap.
Don't sabotage your weight loss goals.
Come into the lights of Westboke to help you stay on the right track
with hundreds of the best-tasting lowest-carb products go in anywhere.
And the one of the great things that delights you
can try anything in the store before you shut on any cash and buy it.
They've got a set that knows low-carb dieting inside and out.
They'll put everything they'll tend.
And don't forget, they're guaranteed lowest-priced policy
on all Atkins, Carbolites and Peer Delight products too.
Delights at Westboke will not be on the shoulder
fight among the Northeast corner of Guadalajara in 441.
Next to Boston Market.
I don't know as you're next trip there.
You might run into a shop.
He might be there.
He could use some low-carbs for his head.
Call him toll-free 1-877 low-carb-LOW-W-C-A-R-B-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-
Brooklyn? Well sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me!
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square for a second street.
And on...
Raymond!
Raymond!
Put it off the back, you'll quit it, Raymond! Get that blue bird all out of here!
Okay boss.
My sir, but sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhand.
40 Second Street is incredible, man.
I don't want publicly, I supported that, but you took all the point away! You're killing me!
I'm going through a gabboscom like kids!
We're just scouting areas calm, dad.
Listen to me, butt-munch, don't tell me to calm down!
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stage, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network!
We're kind of programming, are you running?
It is my way.
Hang on a minute.
The three two, go!
Raymond!
Yes!
You got blue bird crap all over your shoulder!
You're so smart!
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake!
And head off the module, cleaner!
Good God!
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie!
They're 60 years old!
Why don't you just put Steamboat really on and be done with it?
Lisa, I'd make a couple of damn dollars!
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Loan's picture.
Now we have the new M Night Shummelon movie coming out later this summer.
I have signs!
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign!
You got a struct swing in some of these titles past me!
Please!
What's the point of this?
Raymond!
Raymond!
Hey, you!
I know you can't hear me!
Raymond!
Yes, they're running on the market!
Here's a month of number!
Hey, you!
Raymond!
Take that blue car!
All right, hi, sir!
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm about done with you.
What?
Bad done.
I'll put him in your job.
You're terrible!
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Raymond in there.
I can't wait to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here, you nutbag!
26-11 at 5-60 WPM, we got the big press conference coming up at a lot of clockers shortly there.
I've heard about the Mad Dog at 2-yes.
Don't feel so bad.
They're printing days of our lives for...
Shut up.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Five this morning, area in the morning.
Mad Dog at 2-1-ever, and then we got the Humper at 4 till 6-15.
He's got almost as long as I got today, two hours and a quarter.
Nice going, Humper.
Or 6-35, like I said, a little over two and a half hours.
Marlon's on deck, 6-35.
Marlon's at the Metz tonight, 7-10 at 8-K after that, and then the rest, forget about it.
Let's see, here's one for our poll.
It says, how about...
Yeah, from a star of Kazam.
Not to be confused with Shazam.
Right.
Who would do that?
So, let's put on there, okay?
I'll of course underrate the doctor, I think, because it's around.
Let's put him on there for fun.
Pablo says, please add John Q.Sack to your poll.
No relation to Fred Q.Sack.
John Q.Sack, he's made a ton of quality movies with very little recognition.
Also, could you please play one of the eyes and the bridge, which we just did, because you...
Also, somebody says Andy Garcia.
And you say, I don't know if he's underrated.
I think they've rated him just right.
He's a good actor, but not like...
Yeah, he's not in an upper echelon.
Right.
He doesn't get the recognition that some people think he deserves.
I think he gets more recognition.
I don't think he's all that good.
I mean, let's see what's going on.
And he gets exactly the amount of recognition that he deserves.
Right.
He's mediocre and he gets a mediocre amount of attention.
But we'll put him on a poll underrated Andy Garcia.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Let's see, we got a few votes.
William H. Macy is zoomed at the top.
That's nice to see, because he's great.
He's got 10.
Very old man 9.
Despite of what you say, he belongs on there.
Lijay Cobb 9.
Brian Cox 5.
Philip Seymour Hoffman 4.
And Nanny had out of the first 37 votes for him.
Cronin Ted Levine or Ron Livingston.
Where the hell did he sneak in there from?
It's my vote.
Mr. Livingston, I presume, eh?
How about that?
WQAM, hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Welcome to the Jack program.
Jack Provincial.
Rock solid.
All right.
Rock solid.
Listen, like a poor marksman, this administration just can't seem to hit the target.
It's amazing.
That turns out that eight of the 9.
11 high jackers were aided by the Iranian government.
Right.
Somewhere or another.
Let's go get those schmottens over there in Iran now.
They're next.
Yeah, well, let's pop a racket.
What do you say?
Or just both of them know the weekend sounds good.
Sounds good.
I don't know if you're going to tell it, man.
Yeah, see you.
I have a point.
Yeah, Sally.
US media killed story that Iraq Prime Minister executed six prisoners.
We don't want to talk about this.
Do we?
Yeah, I do.
US media has surprisingly failed to pick up the shocking disclosure by Sydney Morning.
Harold, Australia's leading newspaper that the Iraqi Prime Minister, Ead,
allow a personally executed six suspected insurgents in a Baghdad police station.
The story by award winning Australian journalist Paul McGow said that the prisoners were handcuffed
and blindfolded lined up against the courtyard wall and shot by the Iraqi PM.
Dr.
Allawi has led to a toll those around him that he wanted to send a clear message to the police.
I'll help you deal with insurgents.
Two people led to their witness the killings and there were also claims that the Iraqi
Interior Minister and four American men were present as well.
And I'm lined up against the wall, blindfolded and I've been here.
He said the pull the gun proceeded to shoot at.
He only killed six of the seven.
There were seven of them.
Six of them died.
The seventh was wounded in the chest, but he's still hanging on.
Just like Diana Rossett, we keep him hanging on.
That was what he said, something like that.
I think it was a letter.
Let's hear it for CBS.
I never thought I'd say it.
Let's hear it for CBS because Viacom Inc. Co-President and CBS chairman Leslie Moonveiz
vowed on Sunday to fight any fines levied against CBS on TV stations for airing Janet Jackson's
breast bearing Super Bowl performance in February.
The booby trap.
By the way, our booby trap is still going strong on our website.
You'll be pleased to know.
In defined remarks to television critics that their annual summer meeting Moonveiz said
the government's crackdown on indecency on the away since Jackson's notorious flash of
new to the honors network is coming de-neurously close to infringing on free speech.
Dangerously close.
Don't you two carry away now, Les?
He said the notion of finding stations for airing the live Super Bowl halftime telecast
on February 1 is apparently ridiculous and we're not going to stand for it.
How do you like that?
We're going to take it up to the courts if that happens.
He said when asked about media reports that the FCC has proposed fines totaling 550 grand
against 20 CBS on stations over the Super Bowl telecast.
Sources said the 227 affiliate stations that air the show but are not owned by Vaca
would be spared fines on the FCC recommendations.
The NFL championship won the year's most watched TV broadcast new, nearly 90 million viewers
and of course almost all of them on the C. Tommy Brady.
Jackson's costume was ripped away by Duet partner Justin Tinkerbell briefly exposing her breast,
briefly at the end of a provocative halftime dance number that concluded with the lyric
I've got to have you naked by the end of the song.
The incident ignited a public outcry that led to an FCC probe, congressional election,
the stiffened fines for broadcast and decency and industry by move to curtail sexual explicit material on TV and radio.
CBS and its sister Cable of No Music Network MTV which produced a halftime show
have insisted they didn't know an advance about what Tinkerbell's called the wall wardrobe malfunction.
CBS has since instituted a five second delay most of its live events.
Moomba said he was hopeful that another frequent target of FCC action.
Shocked Doc Howard Stern would renew his contract with infinity, the Vaca community that syndicates his radio show.
Yadi Yadi.
Let's say here's one from Stuttering Gill and Homestead who also said,
I have no line.
Chronic. He says all this talk all the time is really making me sick.
It's like those religious people forcing their BS on you.
Are you really going to keep your finger off the drops? No, you don't understand Stuttering Gill.
I'm not going to be here because they may be an offer I couldn't refuse.
They said because I told them I said you have a choice.
I'm not going to sit here during a press conference and not play any drop-ins or you can let me go at one or whenever the thing starts.
And I'll just take off early and the clearance went out into broom closet, had a little conversation with a broomman with himself and came back in and said,
okay, but nice three hour show.
Shocked Doc Howard.
Right, that's it.
Because Stuttering Gill says, I would be listening for your drop-ins off the shack talk.
Yeah, we could make an amusing and entertaining, which is something that Clare said no squat about amusing and entertaining.
Because that's not nearly as important as the serious stuff having new issues in sports, okay?
Sports and sports and sports and store and guys are wearing jacks drafts.
So Clare says the perfect fit.
See, that's why that's why Duff was never the appropriate program director for that radio station.
He's too much of like Arnold would say a girly man.
But with Terence, of course, Terence is a real girly man too, but nevertheless one at least performs to be a jocks nipper and I believe when he says it.
He's got his head so far up.
Shucks.
I asked that it's just scary.
I might require a team of excavators to get his head out of there, you know what?
It's the lockers.
Yeah, bunch of skolunkers.
Oh man.
I wouldn't be surprised that if you got close to currency and sniffed him, he might even smell like that right now.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what are you saying?
You figure it out.
No.
19 to 11 at 560 WQM, York.
Intensive station for the new millennium, baby.
We got check up the ass.
Let me tell you right now about our good friends at dry concepts.
When it comes to having your carpet cleaned, your furniture at drapery, those expensive area and oriental rugs,
you can play Russian roulette and open the yellow pages and call anybody in there and not a good idea.
You're probably going to get ripped off in a crappy job too.
Or you can just let home a bunch of happy equipment from the supermarket and mess up your floors and get aggravated.
But do this marketing like I've been doing for over 20 years called dry concept today and really do a fantastic job of making your carpeting and all the things in your home look just like brand new.
They actually do a dry cleaning method on your carpet, the same idea is done on your clothing with socks out,
even the dirt weight on in there, deepen your fibers of your carpet making them look just like brand new when they get done.
They smell em and they freshly grind a couple of hours and it looks like you had brand new laid right on your floor.
So you can really clean today and entertain tonight like I just started to say.
With over 20 years of continuous service in soft floor, you know, these are people you can trust.
In fact, you can trust them so much because they can be a written guarantee price upfront before they start doing the work.
No rip offs, no games, just a fantastic guarantee job every time.
And when you call our friends at dry concepts, be sure to ask them to put you understand by list, which will save you next to a 15% off their already unbeatable deal.
Call them toll free today 1-800-248-5071 or the best in the universe 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
We're supporting you 5-6-7-8-10-18.
I've got a lot this instant.
Ciao.
There's a fat left wing guy who wants push to say goodbye Michael Mori.
He wears extra large pants and I love him in France.
My good boy.
Ciao.
Alright.
My become number number one and then when it's done won't be fun but it will be true.
His documentary forced us from John Kerry, Michael Mori.
Every Wednesday and I stir, his piece will last an hour, you can bet.
And now all the fuck news were like him to be moving to Norway.
But it's clear he'll stay to be a pain in very Michael Mori.
Welcome.
147-560-WQAM-Yorja.
For the end of time, okay for eternity.
We're the Shaq Shaq.
70 votes on a poll, it's all we got because probably been in there looking for his none or yet.
But in the big hurry, we have plenty of time.
We got right up until Shaq speaks.
And I use that term loosely.
70 votes, most overrated, underrated actor of all time.
Gary Oldman 18, where he makes Macy 15, Lee J. Cobb 11.
I'm pleased to see that.
I'm amazed must be a lot of old folks like me.
Must be.
Answer the question, father of paranoia.
Brian Conzade, Philip Seymour Hopman 7, Shaq 4.
Who is it?
Has 4 already.
4 what?
Not John Q.S.A.K.Fore, Hume Cronin 1.
In fact, the current still been this morning, his fantasy is he would like to make Shaq heal, make him a squeal.
Shaq 4, John Q.S.A.K.Fore, Hume Cronin 1, Rod Libby's then 1, Antigar C01, and Ted Levine don't have any out of the first 70 votes.
That's shocking.
That's why?
That's shocking.
That's shocking?
That's shocking?
Ted Levine doesn't have any votes yet.
Let's see, Annie J. what is this thing you just sent me?
Terrible skies again.
Oh, this is the thing about the, there's the link if you want to go see more of it.
I can't see.
No, I don't want to see this again about the Amanda the Aloe T-shirt got out of the cell.
I have that whole thing about all the Syrian people on the plane.
Is that what this is?
Yeah.
Got up and acted suspicious and there's nothing happened.
What's up that happens? Let us know, all right?
And if you see any Syrians in the waiting area at the airport, just a hall ass and go home.
Kind of like Muff.
Hall ass and get out of there.
Here's one more reason not to eat a Kentucky fried chicken.
You don't eat there do you know?
And I should mention who's the food bringing you today?
Johnny Rockets.
Johnny Rockets bringing food today.
They're catering to the O'Rodges show, such as it is today because we got to get out of here for a little later on.
Johnny Rockets.
I never heard of Johnny Rockets.
Relatively good.
Any good?
Well, must be good if you think for free food from the money here.
Right?
Anybody else wants to bring in free food?
In fact, even a burger king people sent George a bunch of coupons because he ripped them an ass on the air.
And if you use them, boy, that's going to be very embarrassing.
I'm going to use them.
For what?
Coasters?
Yeah, I have a family enough.
Yeah.
Now that's right, let me.
I need it, family.
Growing up.
Right.
An animal rights group plans to release a video tape showing slaughterhouse workers with a KFC corpse supplier jumping on live chickens and slamming them into walls,
apparently for fun.
A newspaper reported Tuesday.
Ready for that?
I thought that was to tenderize them.
After KFC officials saw the video tape yesterday, they said they would seek this missile of the workers,
inspect the slaughterhouse more often and end their relationship if the cruelty was repeated, the New York Times reported.
In other words, it was like we said to Ted Bundy, if you did that one more time, we're going to get tough with you.
Now, just open up the window and hop out of here and there we'll catch you again.
We'll catch you later.
A spokeswoman for the KFC unit of Louisville Kentucky-based Yamabran zinc was quoted by the newspaper saying the fast food chain wouldn't tolerate this type of behavior in the video.
Pilgrims pride corp, the owner of the slaughterhouse, the number two S-Polky process, who said it was appalled by the video tape the New York Times said.
The video tape included sounds of birds screeching.
Oh, God, that Brian Andrews thing to see was my psychic powers again.
Can you believe it?
Birds screeching.
As they were thrown into walls by workers, his loud music flared in the background according to the newspaper.
The tape was shot seriously by an investigator for PETA.
Ah, here's a chequer and a wood file for people for the ethical treatment of animals and organizations that we just disfied.
PETA?
Yeah.
At a program's pride plant in Morfield, West Virginia, which won, KFC supplier of the Year award 1997.
The event, they do chickens right.
The investigator worked at the plant from October 2003.
In fact, wasn't that the movie with Jerry Butler where he was doing, I think it was a turkey, don't know how to chicken.
Did you ever see that?
No, I didn't.
Good.
Well, he was stuffing it.
It was Thanksgiving time.
The investigator worked at the plant from October 2003 to May 2004.
PETA said it planned to make the video available on the group's website today.
Ooh.
Representatives from young brands and programs fried were not immediately available to comment they're appalled, they're a gas, and they're really, but they're going to be listening at one win shot.
Is there going to be on today with a big press conference?
See, one thing you don't understand, Clarece, were the entertainment business.
We're here to amuse and form a little bit to have a good time.
You have people a little diversion and perversion. That's what we're here for.
Now who's there?
You don't know the entertainment, huh?
Now who's being there, you can take.
Right.
Man, just disgusting.
Here are your old men's got 21.
We made space 16.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Most underrated actor of all time.
Boy, they the cop, you are really.
I have no life.
Losing it.
W.A.M. Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
I got one for your poll there.
Already?
John Favreau.
John Favreau?
Yeah, you know who that guy is.
He's the guy from Swingers.
I never saw Swingers.
I'm sorry?
I've never seen it.
Okay, how about Tim Roth?
5670560.
Well, I had to cut him off there before we dumped another 5% on us.
Thank you.
How about John Kizal?
Okay.
Was that his name?
That's his name.
Frayde.
Fraydeau.
And he was also, he was in a lot of good movies.
Dog day afternoon.
Anika.
Anika.
Can nobody ever talk to him very much, huh?
They are.
Good actor.
Yes, he was.
Outstanding actor.
He didn't say enough Hail Mary.
And he went out of fishing, but it was pretty good.
Yeah.
Like your hand will be, not the smart.
Like everybody said, like, go, not the smart.
And I want the smart.
Yeah, get some respect for Fraydeau.
How about very soon easy for your poll today, Sus Alex?
What do you say?
Sure.
Sure.
Very Chinese easy.
Well, what is it about the Chinese people that travel in dog hacks?
What is it all about?
Tiger balls and ride a horse.
No, no, seriously.
Why do Chinese travel in these large groups?
I don't, they're.
Of course, there's a bit of them.
So I guess social.
As social, they like each other.
Evidently a lot.
That's why I'm going to describe it in them.
560, 560, pound 560 on it.
This whole thing today is surreal.
If you tune in late, Mojave David shaved his head.
In honor of.
Yeah.
Shade the clean man.
There ain't a whisker on it.
Oh, it's like a, he's like a light, complexed, tracerad for now.
He's like, you will breath it like an ancient, real Brenner.
Also, he matches Mike now.
Mike.
Mad bad Mike.
In sales.
Oh, all mad Mike in sales, yeah.
Crazy Mike.
There is some, well, we got a cast of characters or what, huh?
Absolutely.
Mad Mike.
Anybody knows where the QM studios are about 8.30 in the morning.
Every morning you'll see a vault-headed guy nervously pacing in a parking lot, contemplating
his navel and smoking up the storm.
That's mad Mike, okay?
Not to be confused with Mike, the mad masturbator who used to be in sales of, well, I was
confused, remember him?
Yeah, I do.
Yeah.
When you say that masturbator in this building though, you got to narrow it down.
Used to be a spend a lot of time in the tea room.
And anyway, well, maybe he liked tea, maybe he was trying these two.
Or Japanese.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a good one.
I got a guy that should probably don't recognize the name.
Keith David.
Keith David.
He does the black dude from Requiem for a dream.
Oh, yeah, he's great.
Yeah, he's been in a ton of stuff.
He's his own and some pieces of crap too, but he's a good guy.
He's a good actor, you know, underrated.
Yeah, excellent choice.
Thanks.
And don't forget.
Oh, Shaq.
Shaq.
Shaq, of course.
See ya.
Shaq.
Yeah.
Oh, listen, I'm telling you, you thought Jimmy and Danny was good.
You thought that that was a little bit of overkill on his radio station.
You ain't heard nothing yet.
Like I said, we got coming out of every corner of our body now.
Really some people in the building do.
How much is screw in?
Is it just really a Jones in for that?
You know, I can't say what that is anyway.
And now back in the day, we could say about you.
Just think of that thing that Royal up to round.
Yeah.
She is just poised, so to speak.
Right, good for poise.
Yeah, she is just poised to make a move.
You know what I mean?
We'll screw in.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Oh, there we go.
Four minutes before 11 at 5.
I'll tell you one thing.
We sure have a good time for a screw-up place.
We have a good time because now it took a long time, but we finally developed the right attitude.
Just give us the friggin' money, okay?
Just like we say to the clients.
Just give us the money.
Don't expect anything else.
That's all.
That'd be moving enough.
Oh, God.
Four minutes before the hour.
Don't forget coming up today at 1 o'clock or surely thereafter.
We got the big press conference to make those, hey, guess what?
The money he got.
Sure.
As if it's like bulletin' or something.
Now, what's he, what he's going to say?
That's amazing, important?
No.
No.
That's why we could add some fun with that.
We could have spruced it and juiced it up a little bit.
Oh, no.
We don't want to do that.
You don't understand.
This is very serious business, Neil.
You don't want to.
Yeah.
What a joke.
Anyway.
When you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to that 1-800 mattress.
Make that first-night in your dream house, heavenly, with a brand new top quality name brand mattress.
You pick the date and time for delivery to fit your move in schedule.
And dial mattress is on time 99.7% of the time.
Nobody anywhere has got a better selection of queen and king size mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than dial mattress.
When you call 1-800 mattress right now, you get a great mattress at a discount price.
Dial mattress rack, numero uno and customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torts of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose the complete line of Siri.
Serta, King Coral, Simmons, Temperopaedic and Stewards of Anastas Foster.
Everybody at QA including yours truly, we always call 1-800 mattress for our beds and you ought to be doing the same.
Log on to their website, mattress.com or give them a call right now.
And 1-800 mattress and have a great night sleep as soon as tonight on a great new bedroom dial mattress.
1-800 mattress for a dial mattress the easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep for a long time to come.
1-800 MATT-R-E-S.
This is sports wheel prices.
2A-L.
Shannon, I'm Farpner.
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack 8 terrible prints. It was super extreme easier than I thought that was happening in, like, what was happening in, like, as I said, practicingский, Helmets, such an aliasing
講ing that we were, we were always doing Casey Dingham, he was doing squatting, he didn't feel like you had a problem with the
that said John Kerry had chosen Dick Hiphart as the running mate.
Subsequently, Rupert Murdock was said he was the source for the erroneous story of the
erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the er
roneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of the erroneous story of Adam and his wife were hearing about Alexander B
heaif,
a shirt of a hat of 8-16 nm.
According to a Coast Guard video, she didn't seem to mind the hooks.
Lieutenant Tom Brasile of the Coast Guard told the Kiwis citizen newspaper that a young
man who also had hooks embedded in his heavily pierced in tattooed skin assured him the
group was just enjoying the afternoon.
Oh, grotesque!
A Coast Guard spokeswoman in Miami said the group had clearly done this before intended to
post photos of themselves on a website dedicated to body modification, the originalistic piercing
of the body.
It looked like a daily routine for them, she said, adding that the hooks had been inserted
in the skin in a professional manner and had drawn very little blood.
Well, thank goodness for that.
Mother.
As long as they weren't creating any kind of ruckus or right within a crowd, they really
weren't breaking any laws.
You said the Coast Guard passed a video on the federal justice authorities, but no further
rational be taken.
They passed them on to federal authorities for what?
So that they could be stopped.
People haven't a good time.
Gotta stop it.
I see.
The meat hook police are coming to a place near you.
Okay.
To a sand bar near you.
So watch your cramp.
Gary Olman's got 35.
Where do you make macy's God?
About 30, man.
Most underrated actor and look who's moving up the list fast.
What a surprise.
He's got 17.
He's got 15.
I mean, Lee Jay Cobb.
He sure is always known.
That's for damn sure.
Ron Cox, 13.
Philip Seymour, Hoppin 12.
John Q.
2, sack 11.
Andy Garcia's got nine.
Gary Sinesee 4.
Hume Cronin 2.
Ted Levine's got a pair.
Ron Loviston 2.
John Fabro 1.
Martin Landau 1.
And Keith David don't have any out of the first 154 votes.
We're starting to get some votes.
Now that we're getting some names on there.
And Derek says yes.
Glenn Lovit is an expensive single malt scotch witch skater.
Wishing.
Oh, thanks a lot.
Something that I'm sure Eric can't afford.
Join Q.A.
in the Marlins tonight at the North Miami Beach Alhouse.
Picking a boozing it up at 3.
A 3227 North East 163rd Street.
Stopped out of one prices from Billy de Marlin in the Mermaid.
It's a Marlins watch party starting at 7.
The night at the North Miami Beach Alhouse.
Everybody gets a free watch.
No, this can't.
It's free roll watch.
Just kidding.
Watch it.
Watch this.
WDQM, hello.
Hello.
This is WDQM.
Yes, sir.
I just speak to Nail Police.
Speaking.
Meal.
Yes.
I'd like to add on to your poll.
You mind?
Go ahead.
I'm Billy Bob Thornton.
And I can't remember his name, but the guy from Supano's.
The cousin Tony's the cousin who he killed.
He was Chevy.
Steve was she me.
There you go.
OK, thanks, pal.
Steve was she me.
Do we really want to put him on there?
Is he underrated?
Uh, yeah, maybe.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And who's the first one he said?
Billy Bob Thornton.
Billy Bob Thornton.
Not underrated.
He got such rave reviews right out of the box.
It's not even funny.
OK, so let's give this guy only one man.
Got it.
Steve Bush.
Steve Bush.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, so Johnny Deft never seen any of his own movies.
That is a shocker to me.
Never saw it nightmare on Elm Street.
Apparently not.
Never saw it.
He saw that he saw that embarrassment and did not see any of the others.
Done one to Marco.
Oh, good plan.
Don't see that.
Yeah, but Marlon Brando is in it.
Doesn't matter.
How come nobody's mentioned Marlon Brando for the poll that he is?
Is it a name that would be?
It's like Dave the cops saying I have no line.
A gene hack man.
Boy, you were right.
But luckily so far we haven't had many of those because the audience is too
whipped up about.
They're too worried about that stuff.
They can't be bothered with our poll.
Line 9's added again.
WQA and hello.
Yes.
Can I speak uh, Uncle Meal?
Speaking.
Uncle Meal, this is uh, I'm coming from Atlanta.
I want to get off my poll.
How about Gary for me?
He's on there.
Gary's niece is on the other one about Steve Bushini.
I got a good idea.
What about what about that?
That's a good idea.
Well, the guy's in Atlanta.
Okay, give me a break.
He's got a lot of stress.
He's supposed to be listening on the internet or on XN.
He is listening on the on XN.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fat chance.
Hey, listen, it's just a matter of time, man, before they write me that one big final
check because they are just dying.
Now that we got, we got the only ball game in time.
Maybe we got balls.
Big, big things.
You see what's man.
We got the balls.
Even whether Donna Schillaly likes it or not.
That's why we want all sports all the time.
No more of this fun and game scrap here in the midday.
No more of these number one ratings anymore.
No more bringing them these millions of dollars.
We want to get the ball games back on there.
Let's get the books to ring Chris Moore back on.
What do you say?
Oh, yeah.
Let's get Joe Zagaki on here.
Terrible guy.
That's the guy from mid days.
Terrence, you are an imbecile man.
But thanks for all the free time off.
I like it.
Just get that check in the mail from Monday.
He is really a case, you know what?
He is really something else.
Case of what?
Crap.
Oh, I thought you were going to say.
But after 11 and 560 WQM, well, we better move it along.
You know, we got a really short show today because we got
a shot coming up for you.
And of course, at one o'clock, because they are always saying,
even Claret has worn these several times these things that
they never start on time.
So we are going to have a little time to fill in there before,
because I am not leaving until after it starts.
And then I am going to zoom out and hear faster than even duck
zoomed out of that room this morning.
Were you in there when he went flying out?
Yes.
What was that all about?
What do you mean?
He didn't even spend his usual time bonding.
He just said, how are you doing?
And then all of a sudden, he says, well, Claret has the stage
or something or has the boy.
He figured that Claret had already used up the quota of your bonding time.
You are going to bond time.
Oh.
You think that was it or you think there was a little bit of paranoia there?
He didn't want to hold you over.
I see.
I think maybe he didn't want to be the object of my wrath.
Hey, listen, there is no wrath here.
No wrath, no hand, no bacon.
I am really excited about it.
In fact, if we can figure out a way for next, we got the next two
or three days, we got those linked with Marlon games early,
1230.
What are we going to do for next Tuesday?
I got an idea.
Let's play the news conference again.
Nice Tuesday at noon.
What do you say?
All right.
And then, look, now, a panel of our experts come and analyze it.
If Kim Bocaver ever gets back from Orlando where they sent him off to go visit
what's his name?
And then came to find out that it was in Miami already.
He had to turn around.
Had to turn tail and come right back.
Poor Kimba.
Hey, when you shop for quality food where I know exactly where you ought to be going,
Brandy shoes and pop it all beats the largest selection of men's and women's shoes,
the best service, the best prices in town anywhere.
That's why so many people have been shopping at Brandy's for a very, very long time.
At Brandy's you'll find the top names in the shoe business, not some off brands like
you do in some stores.
They carry only the best rock port, floor shine, SAS,
Spirit, Timberland, naturalizer, and lots more.
And with Brandy's humongous selection, chances are, in fact,
the algorithm to your clearance is life on it, that exactly the style you're looking
for is on a shelf in your size where it is slack on your big smelly feet.
Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9, Sunday's 10 to 5,
you'll find them at 12.90, North Federal Highway, Poppano Beach.
It's always worth a trip no matter where you are.
And all this wicked Brandy's, it's a red tag sales event.
Take 50% off on selected pairs of men's and women's famous brands right now.
So coming to Brandy's or check them out on the web at Brandy's shoes.com.
We are Sports Video 560, C-L-A-M.
What?
I'm a computer.
I want you to type in 940 sports, 940 Fox Sports.com.
Okay?
Got it?
Yeah, I got it.
And what is it?
I got nothing actually.
940 sports.com?
I didn't get anything.
All right, how about super talk 940.com?
Type it in.
Click it on.
Whoa, I got a bunch of wingings.
Suck it in and hold it.
The USA caught me at my spider hole.
Now they tore me over to a rag he come through.
But if the Americans don't keep me safe,
Redis on the gun to be one more gravy in Iraq.
Yeah, here in Iraq.
As soon as they put me in the dark,
I will crop in the jail as Iraq.
Rock solid.
My people can hardly wait to see me.
They have to make me pay.
Just like they did with the day and Tuesday.
Only one way to triumph over my foes.
Call Johnny Cagran or Mark Geregos to Iraq.
Yeah, say come to Iraq.
Give my cell my gun a stay locked.
Because they get to the jail as Iraq.
Maybe if I'm lucky, I can probably.
Maybe I can even be in a sanity.
I must have been crazy to get into this war.
It's like going to still don't know from Michael Moore.
Iraq.
Yeah, here in Iraq.
My head will soothe me on the black.
And I will die in the jail as Iraq.
Die in the jail as Iraq.
Try in the jail.
So what do you call that beside the jar,
the thing that's on it website?
What is that language is that?
That's Sanskrit.
We call it winged things.
It's symbols.
It's different stuff.
But mostly it's just a big screw up.
Yeah.
Kind of like don't you think there's something symbolic there?
Super talk.
Super talk 940 again.
Just when Air America is on a verge like fading from the face of the planet.
With numbers that are so tiny,
their mist will be a compliment.
They stick it on there.
High squad PD and David Ross.
You are really imaginative and creative to say the least.
19 past 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Who do you think is the most underrated actor of all time?
Movies or TV?
Gary Oldman 44,
where you may see 40,
LeJay Cobb 19.
Look who's got 19 also.
Yeah.
Because I know what I think of LeJay Cobb.
I think of right alongside.
John Q.Sack 14, Brian Cox 14.
Phillips he more hoppin 13.
Andy Garcia 12,
everybody else has got single digits.
How about Porton Gary Sinesia on there?
Or Steve Abushimi?
Oh God.
WQM line 9.
Hello.
Mia, let me ask you a question.
How long have you been on WQAM?
Too long.
When are these people going to realize that from 10 to 2,
we don't want to hear sports.
We don't want to hear that.
Right.
We've got never got to realize that.
We tune in to listen to you.
Right.
That's it.
Why don't they take this shack and then replay it in the sports seats or listening?
I didn't know that.
I've been listening to the last five minutes of Joe Rose before I hear your show.
Why not tape it?
Because they never know what it's going to start anyway.
They could tape it.
They could edit all their dead spots out of there and put it on when it makes some sense.
But then again, I would make too much sense.
Yeah.
If that enough I have to listen to the first and the last five minutes of Joe before your show comes off.
Now they've got the big O,
they went into him.
That's even worse.
Yeah, but don't forget he's rock solid.
Oh yeah, that's right.
And oh, don't forget about Shack.
Okay.
There's a unhappy customer for your clearance.
Okay.
The Nearage's audience doesn't want to hear about how do you like that?
But I'd be more than happy to take off an hour early any day.
I mean, back in the day, I would like protested and put up a big stinker buff.
But I don't play that game anymore.
I don't care if they can put on Chinese farts for all I care.
I would want to give a crap.
They smell like dogs.
That's where I'm hearing.
Why don't they travel in packs?
They're social creatures.
They like dogs.
Yeah, that's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6,
the don't be messing with our sports and certainly do not be mess with it.
Because this is the biggest thing to happen to come to town.
In fact, it flipped Mo's wig.
Don't do it.
Shame to this head clean, man.
Like a lunatic, like a silly old fool, which he is, of course, in honor of coming to town.
I don't, I don't,
I don't have any interest before.
I couldn't care less about the heat, about the NBA, about any of those people.
I mean, at least at Lou Alcindor, who then later became Korean Abdul Zbar,
at least he was funny in the airplane.
Right?
He was, actually.
He was great.
Surprisingly, who to thunk it?
There you go.
But I mean, is he funny?
Is he amusing?
No.
Is he really an actor?
No.
He, uh, mean anything to any of us?
No.
No.
So forget about it.
Clarence, the grow-up, you silly chuff.
Now you know why I'm off-rent running out of there.
Because he thought I was going to go into a big rant like that.
But I don't, I just don't care anymore.
Just give me the money.
WQM, hello.
Right, McDowell.
Who?
Right, McDowell.
He's most underrated.
Oh, right, McDowell.
He's still dead, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, would you do a Jimmy Danny, please?
Okay, you got it.
Thanks.
Right, McDowell.
She's dead.
She was a screamer.
I'm sure that's no surprise.
Gee, you think?
A flamer.
Roddy McDowell.
He was pretty good actor though.
Yeah, it was just fine.
He was in the plan of the apes.
Yes, he was.
That gallop.
And don't be making no comment now about the grape ape.
Okay, today is not today to be doing that.
Yeah.
Because we don't want to get any basketball players upset.
I would never.
And certainly we don't want to get Clarence.
Let's see.
Here's one that says, if I guess it included Brian Cox and...
Jack's.
You might as well put out everyone's list.
Oh, Jay, no, he's not an underrated actor.
He couldn't act as well out of a paper sack.
But I like John Volusci better and for fun, why not Ronald Reagan?
Ronald Reagan was not an underrated actor.
He was a horrible actor.
And John Volusci would you say he was underrated?
No.
And was John Volusci an actor really?
I mean, I get it.
He was in movies.
He was highly rated as a comic.
Right.
And that's it.
He was rated just right.
Right.
So nice try there, Jean.
Jean sends me occasionally some really good facts.
This is not...
This is not one of them, okay?
Nobody's perfect, Jean.
But I would like to say, high Jean is in the taking quick shower.
5-670-560-pound-560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
That Robert Grieper call.
I'm just...
It just tickles my fancy, you know what?
It just...
It just...
Maze is me.
That guy.
I think he's got his thumb right on the pulse of what's going on at 2am.
That's what's going on.
Probably it is, I call it.
They hate you, Clarence.
It's okay, they can't stand you.
You're a silly person.
You're a silly, silly, silly person.
Somebody cue me, I'm hello.
Hey, how you doing today?
Pretty good.
I'd like to start off with a shack.
Okay.
And for good measure, I was going to throw in a Jimmy and Danny
with the guy performing so that...
How about Robert DeVolve?
I don't think he's underrated.
He never seems to get quite the recognition, I think.
See, I would agree with him, but George will throw...
He'll pitch a fit if we put him on it because...
Johnny Rockets.
I think he's absolutely one of the finest actors in the world.
I agree with you, he's sensational.
Yeah.
Hang on, that's mine.
And don't pray, don't forget.
Have a nice day.
No.
We've got a real shot.
Yeah, yeah.
I see you.
I should be playing a little bit more of that.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
And after that, exactly.
No matter, in fact, Robert DeVolve makes more sense for the poll than does Gary Oldman if he asked me.
Okay, let's put Robert DeVolve on there.
I love Robert DeVolve, I think he's just sensational.
And one movie, of course, that nobody ever talks about that he did, was Network.
Right.
I don't know why.
Because they don't know about Network.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
Is it striking through close to home about the horsecraft media that we got?
Is it that Patty Trasky was way ahead of his time?
Is it that they're too embarrassed like the people of Channel 7?
Just talk about their hysterical mouth reading news.
Is that what it's all about?
Yes.
Oh.
Well, let's put them on there.
Robert DeVolve, fantastic.
Sensation Lactor.
We got it.
But if you were to go out in the street corner and ask for the top 20 actors of all time, very few people probably would say Robert DeVolve.
So maybe he's got a point.
Let's put them on it.
We'd like him a lot.
Can't do it, Sally.
26th, past 11 at 5, 16 WDQA.
I have been telling you about a laser recharge, the toner recharge, cartridge specialist for the past few weeks.
A lot of you called 1-800-287-9212 and you've saved a lot of money on your printing and office equipment supplies.
For those of you who haven't called, what you'll be waiting for.
A laser recharge has got all the things you're looking for, ink jets, thermocarbon paper supplies.
They provide service support and maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again.
When you call 1-800-287-9212, you'll deal with just Bob.
The solar has been supplied by the system software with what they need most cases within 24 hours.
A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing.
And keep in mind that all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are remanufactured, not refilled.
Anybody can sell you a cheap refilled cartridge, but you get what you pay for.
So don't take a piece of crap.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go.
A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes along with brother and Xerox drums too.
A laser recharge is probably an individualized service and often no question asked satisfaction guarantee.
So if you need toner, cartridges, anything else along the line, call, pick up that phone, call just Bob.
But A laser recharge toll free 1-800-287-9212.
That's 1-800-287-9212 or check them on the web at a laser recharge dot com.
My life and look all this is the 4205 city.
What is the new AM?
I don't care how many take out Jenny what grease ball gum vise come out on a woodwork.
I'm German Irish.
Well let me tell you something my crock, Mick Friend.
I'm gonna make so much dough for you you won't know what it was.
Come a lawyer, I have not threatened.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you?
And Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and everybody and, virtually and across the country we His
is in as far as a relationship between Bush and the Southeast and the private sector of the Southeast and the private sector of the Southeast and theύ
and the languages and the languages and the languages and language of the Southeast and the languages and the language of the Southeast and the language was
had fought side by side, and now there was the repatriation of the bin Laden's which could
not have taken place without approval from the highest levels of the executive branch
of George W.'s administration.
Only Bush and Banda are know what transpired the day on the Truman balcony, but the ties
between the two families were so strong that allowing the Saudis to leave America would
have not been difficult for Bush.
It would also have been in character with a relationship in which decisions were often
made to elaborate and contrabdeniability mechanisms that allow the principles to turn a blind
eye to one's singly realities and to be intentionally out of the loop.
The ties between the two families were an open secret that in some ways was as obvious
as the proverbial elephant in the living room.
Given at the same time was somehow hard to discern even for the most seasoned journalists.
Perhaps that was because the relationship had been forged all over the globe and arced
across different errors from the Reagan Bush years to the Clinton administration to the
presidency of George W.
To understand its scope and its meaning, or one would have to search through tens of thousands
of forgotten newspaper stories, read scores of books by journalists and historians and
study myriad secret classified documents and records of barely remembered congressional
probes of corporate intrigue and Byzantine government scandals.
One would have to journey back to the time of the birth of Al Qaeda at the terrorist
training camps during the Afghan War.
One would have to study Iran-Iraq War of the 80s, the 91 Gulf War and the Iraq War of
2003.
One would have to try to deduce what had happened within the corporate swiss of oilbearans
in Dallas and Houston in the executive offices of the Carlisle Group in the situation room
of the White House and in the grand world palaces of Saudi billionaires.
One would have to interview scores of politicians, oil executives, Qatar terrorism, analysts, CIA
operatives and businessmen from Washington and Saudi Arabia and Texas.
One would have to decipher brilliantly hidden agendas and purposefully murky corporate
relationships.
Finally, one would have to put all this information together to shape a continuum, a narrative
in which the House of Bush and the House of Saudi dominated the world's states together
in one era after another.
Having done so, one could come to a singular, inescapable conclusion, namely that horrifying
as it sounds, the secret relationship between these two great families helped to trigger
the age of terror and give rise to the tragedy of 9-11.
I just mentioned it in Passagot.
Most people aren't going to read the book or the whole article or whatever.
Even though I realized it has nothing to do with anything like that.
Let's see, Christopher Walken.
The best act was that he had nothing to do with Robert Wagner's wife drowning.
That's cute.
We think.
Christopher Walken.
In fact, that's Stomato did a song about him, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
Luber Hill.
Dana Andrews.
Now, there's a good actor.
Yeah.
From the chronic and cocoa underrated actors, Dan Andrews.
He was in a lot of movies.
Guide 1992 was 83.
Wing in a Prayer.
State Fair.
Oh, State Fair with Pad Bull was in that end.
What's your name?
Shirley Partridge.
Shirley Peters.
Huh?
Shirley Declay.
No, Shirley, what's her name?
From the Partridge family.
Shirley Jones.
I know what's the tough name.
A Walken the Sun, best years of our lives, Airport 1975.
The last time I wasn't at the one that was OG in it.
Wasn't he more than a month?
He was in a bunch of him.
He was running fast in those days.
The last tycoon, the last hurrah, about the 8 million more in the tons of TV.
Also as President of the Screen Actors go from 63 to 65.
Dana Andrews, you got it?
We got it.
We even end a high life front on actorman South Florida.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Marvellous Line searching for the most underrated actor, movies or TV of all time.
Gary Olden, 49, William H. Macy, 45.
And look who's got 26 in third place.
Oh man, what an actor.
Lee J. Cobb, 20, John Q. Sack, 18, Andy Garcia, 16, Ryan Cox, 16, Philips, Tim Rohopman, 16.
Gary Sinesi, 10, Steve Wachimi, 9.
Wachemi, sorry.
What about it?
That's like Van Diesel.
Robert Dubal, 8, Martin Landau, 6, Rod Livingston, 5.
Jim Cronin, 2.
He's dead.
Ted Levine, 2.
Irving Harleveen, don't have any yet.
Keith David, 2.
John Fabros, got one and none yet.
For Rodi McThowell, she ain't too happy about that.
Wasn't that movie called Fright Night that he was in?
It was.
Yeah.
Peter Falknone, NGT Walston, they just went on there.
251 votes.
We're starting to get a couple of votes on there slowly but surely.
Take your time, relax.
Just sit back.
Take a deep breath and wait for the excitement.
It's starting in Carten with Cartman.
Do I queue in the Marlins tonight at the North Miami Beach Alhouse, 3227 Northeast,
153rd Street, stuff I'd win prizes.
From Billy to Marlins in the Marlins and if you do win something say hey,
you got something better than this crap?
It's a Marlins watch party starting at 7 o'clock tonight at the North Miami Beach Alhouse.
It'll probably say no chance.
My life, I love this is for 205th Sticky, way to way.
Alonzo, you're so big.
Welcome to another edition of Inside Lightly Sport Horses.
Draced and nasal mace this our guest today.
Y'all, Dre, yo, would you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way
and base their intellect and entire existence and your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told but a big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on over and under and the under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told but a big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors lying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots?
And they say you're getting close to the sign of that contract.
I don't know what I've been told but a big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told but a big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
We'll be back with more Inside Lightly Sport Horses.
But what does that have to do with that? Exactly.
35 and 560 WQ. I'm speaking to that thing about this, the Saudis.
Yeah. Lawmaker's chair is the House of Representatives, voted last Thursday District Financial Assistance for Saudi Arabia from a 4-8 Bill because of criticism that the country is not
sufficiently cooperative in the US War on terror to say the least.
The vote was a sting defeat for the Bush administration which had strongly opposed the measure saying it would severely undermine counterterrorism cooperation with Saudi Arabia.
And US efforts for peace in the Middle East.
I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to the Saudis. I don't want anyone else to say the Democratic Representative Shelley Berkeley.
Supporters of the measure also argue that with Saudi Arabia's massive wealth from ownership of a 4th of the world's proven oil reserves, the Kingdom shouldn't need financial aid from the US.
Amen. Scream. Amen. Call of that.
That would be like going out on the street corner saying, hey, I'm taking up a collection here for Donald Trump.
Right? Yeah. Or Chuck.
Or exactly. We should not give him no money to share. Although he will be paying a lot of our bills.
So maybe he could use some cash. I wouldn't be surprised as he clearance standing out on the corner of 441 and I have a very robot little tin cup saying cash for a check.
Please. And then of course, he'll just pocket it. I think he's a fag myself.
Chuck? No, clearance.
I was just thinking about that during the break. I'm convinced anybody that's the intensive jocks nipper that he is.
There's just no way. Normal people. Well, I mean, there is no such thing as normal people, but I mean, just your average run of the middle, your typical person, no matter what their persuasion might be.
Isn't so obsessed with like guys snapping each other when he asked with towels and a lot of them and all of these things. He's just a little.
Oh, here's a good one for the poll. Plus how well does he is getting close to probably our program director never got laid.
Allegedly has a girlfriend, but I think remember that one day he had where he would like sniffing around the armpit or whatever trying to bite her.
I better. Yeah. Right. Not that one. That's the one that he bit. I better.
He bitters. And that was his idea of romance, but at any rate, a modicone just his guy peers. We I peers. Yes. Outstanding actor, momentum, LA confidential, the kind of money, Christo time machine, the new time machine.
By the way, that was mighty Christo clearance, not Chris go.
Yeah, I'll give you the little modicone. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We're just here killing some time while the world waits for the big breathless announcement about.
Which we already know what it is. My idea, my idea about a press conference usually is to like tell some information to public doesn't already know you will come off to make an announcement like.
Oh, that's what we just we just did this or this does happen or something that to inform us, you know, to educate us to inform us to use us to alarm us.
But what is that that we don't already know about right? The fact that he's got a big, big bald head and the fact that he's making millions and millions of dollars way too much money and the fact that he's like inarticulated at best and the fact that he's time with the heat. Okay, what else? That's it. What do you need?
I never have enough material about that's for the Amosron Q.A.M. and now that we're the only sports voice in the market aside from that silly bananas foster guy but nobody curl curl perkins whatever his name is.
We have an obligation because we don't want to get ripped by Barry Jackass and Jim Sartian of papers tomorrow saying, oh my god, what's his name? Yeah, that's his name had a press conference in the sports so called sports days didn't even carry it. They just had that fat Jew flag on their screwing around.
And what is this another? I can't read letters from the editor that somebody said, oh, I don't have any. Thanks anyway, I don't have time for it. Okay. I do have time for this though. From the independent from a Britney newspaper. Wouldn't you know it? Young male prisoners were filmed being satanized by American soldiers at the Abu Garret prison. Your bag that according to the journalist who first revealed the abuses there. I'm going to start this around some of the stuff is from a man.
A few days ago in the like on our website everywhere but when you're only doing Tuesday and Thursday have to catch up.
Seymour Hersher reported on the torture the prisoners in New York or magazine in magazine in May told an audience in San Francisco that it's worse.
But he ended up that he would reveal the assembly abuses. I'm not that reporting on all this. He told a meeting of the ACLU. He said the boys were satanized with a camera's rolling and the worst part is the soundtrack of the boys shrieking. And this is your government at war.
This is your government at war. He accused the rest of the administration of all but accused president Bush and vice president of the chain of complicity in covering up what he called war crimes and his usual.
He is absolutely correct. No came to sunny. Hersh. Russian peace. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You only got a little about an hour to go here. This is bad. No, actually this is good.
Can we start at noon? Can we start that important press conference at noon because I'm sure that every man, woman and child, even some of the pets out there that are listening in a background.
Want to hear all they can about you. I mean what more is life all about right? You know you could loop that bit. Yeah. What do you think I'm going to do at one o'clock?
Sorry. You're laughing about it. I didn't mean to ruin this. I already suggested that.
I thought he was already going because he says to me he says oh well you know these things never start on time so I said well then what are we doing at one o'clock? What's the plan? What's the plan?
Schmuck. But it beat. But it will. But about well you just continue right up and we got we'll be communicating with the millleg.
Josh Cord is no from the control room when we got somebody ready standing by probably rock solid. He'll be there of course.
So breathlessly silly person that he is. And we got who also we got down there at the arena. Zach always like that.
Zach and yeah. If that can check and check and Zach and Zach and Zach. All right. Wouldn't you know it? And probably they're doing a little.
Back. Who's. Back to him. Clarence. Anyway, what are you going to say, Jeff? Miguel's out there with the van.
Miguel is there with the van. Doing what? Miguel is that Miguel is if a Mickey Erison Alice penis panella arena there.
What a van to me. I see we're here. We're here. We're making a presence. We're all about sports. What a sports people. We're not going to let you down. Yeah. Oh brother. That is. Hey look there.
Here's a fan. Have already turned out at the triple A to buy the jerky. So the big diesel number 32 diesel. You didn't know you got it with Apple.
I thought this was about Shaq not about Janet Reno. The big diesel. Yeah, probably kind of the big weasel. So we might say that Moa's replaced his hair piece with a weasel and now he's on the diesel. That's his nickname the diesel. Yeah. You didn't ever never heard that.
Chris, I don't we never heard it because I don't pay any attention to the NBA. It's not that's not for me. It's not for old white guys like me. I don't care about it.
By the way, remember that crazy person. Maybe a white guy like red our box used to smoke those big cigars. What? Remember that crazy person that was sending the hundred page fax this morning. I wouldn't. Yes, they haven't stopped. Why not? I don't have a return. What is it about? That's same thing that you didn't want to talk about about the guy. The Arab with the orange jumpsuit. That conspiracy thing. They give you sending the six page facts over. Not interested. Save it. Can it. Okay. In fact, send it over to maybe he can read some of it during his press conference today. So the whole world can find out.
What about it? Good. Got all my. So we got Zach and Shaq. Now that why didn't somebody tell me that earlier? I can just hear that bit now. You think that the one. You think this one is. It's great. But wait till you hear the Zach and Shaq. And wouldn't surprise me if we can still play that and watch your back. Zach. I don't think there's anything in there. There's a. Yeah, that's never a guarantee though. Is that found out? Yeah. Did you see all ratings for the last book? Yeah. I know. I always want.
I don't want you. What about you? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No more. No more. No more. I got it. I got to think about. I'm getting right there. And I don't need a rating. That's a minus eight. I don't care. I want to do. I'm just. I got to wait a little harder on the guest. I don't know. The real shit. Got to go. There's a lot of fat producers here.
That's right.
When you won't wait for the whole thing, but we don't want to have a lot of time.
Zach and I are pulling questions today.
We've got Kate Hudson on our behind-the-beaten curtains such as she is.
We've had worse on there.
Yes.
I don't know.
I'd have to do some research.
Not lately.
Maybe about 20-30 years ago.
Then why did you pick her then?
She's bacon.
You can see them.
She's not even bacon.
You can see the nipples behind her.
She wears a style.
Other people like her.
Let me take a puke out of it again.
Take a look.
I'm clicking on her.
She's beating the eyes.
She's got that bag.
She's okay.
She's got a nugly nose on her face.
I know which one was that Japanese model or whoever that one was we had on there.
We had a Japanese model.
Lucy Lou, you don't like her.
Oh, God.
Give me a break.
Gag me with a spoon and a prune.
You got a good idea of how big she is.
What the business is that?
I don't know.
L.C. the board and cows got a big pair.
You guys have a big pair.
She doesn't have a big pair.
She's flat.
No, I don't like her.
She's got much to do about that.
What do you say?
She's got one?
She's big as in she's popular.
The guy is like her.
So huge.
So it's McDonald's is big too.
And of course you eat that burger.
How is that crap?
Johnny Rock is a food.
We love Johnny Rock.
We love Johnny Rock.
It was expensive and good stuff.
And also that place that went out of business
that Fat Boy brought in that day.
Remember?
Yeah, with a wilted lettuce.
That was nice.
That's a nice meat.
And of course the burger king is
going to give us your treat.
He won't go with them.
But he'll just give us the certificates.
Right?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was reading these taxes.
I didn't hear what you said.
Right.
WQA and hello.
Yes.
It's my birthday, Uncle Neil.
Really?
Yes, you happen to have the birthday jingle.
No, just relax. Don't get pushy now.
Stop. Thank you.
I appreciate it.
And just being my birthday, sir, I must make a request.
Yeah.
Part of the day of your birthday.
I might exactly know.
This is a request to make a bit for Bokeh Brian.
If Bokeh Brian can get the theme from Shaft
and have Goldie say Shaft instead of Shaft,
that would be hilarious.
Oh, I can't.
Already done.
I've not heard.
I'm sorry. I've not heard.
I got you.
Love you both.
Okay.
I say hi to Shaft when you get a chance.
Yeah.
Okay. Don't forget.
Love them 57 at 5.60 WQA.
If you're 10 hearing about this low carb epidemic that's going on,
are you like me and have tried to shop for it?
Try to cook for it?
And then see, this is not good.
Try to shop for it.
Because we got the lights on here.
We got to cross that out.
Cross that out.
Because we got the Troy and the Stratforders,
stepping on other people's toes,
we don't want to be doing that.
Try to cook for it.
That low carb epidemic and then wasted the money,
hated the food, didn't even get the results.
And you heard us talk about balance for life for a long time now.
Well, they've come up with an unbelievable,
unbelievable way to afford the program
for $5 off the regular daily price.
This is not a special.
This is for real life time membership to balance for life.
Anytime you want to enjoy the service,
you can resign at the membership price.
What if I told you that you could have the company prepare you three meals
and two snacks every day?
What if I told you that all the meals are basically successful,
zone diet, Dr. Barry and the J. Sears?
What if I told you that they'll even deliver it right to your doorstep?
What if I told you that they give you a menu so you can make your own choices?
And by the way, they're the only company that does that.
What if I told you that you will lose weight,
that you will lower your cholesterol,
that you will lower your blood pressure,
that this will help your diabetes?
I know what sounds stupid to be true, but it is true.
Because a lot of people are doing great on it.
People on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds per month.
And you could lose 15 pounds, I'm sure.
In fact, like maybe on your finger.
So I wait call right now if you fail to all the other programs.
This may be what you're looking for.
Call 1-866-225-4543.
That's 1-866-225-4543.
Or get more info on your website balance for life.com.
5-665-16.
3 is all yours now.
You win!
Hey, I'm Fraa, you're the Anna Ross Lateman.
And I like scrubbing my stomach really ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near-ro-kay, I'm gonna eat the hour.
Like I am!
The following announcement is paid for by Adidas,
Nike, the Cleveland Cavaliers, and Haines underwear.
Yo, what's up? This is LeBron James.
Give me little love.
I'm a basketball phenamon, an Akron, Ohio.
I am a basketball fan.
I am a basketball fan.
I am a basketball fan.
I am a basketball fan.
I am a basketball fan.
I am a basketball fan.
I got lots of birthdays during a county.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what people like to give me things.
Like to see a Pepsi twist.
A twist on a great thing.
Oh, yeah!
Right, right, all right, all right, all right.
Anyway, drink Pepsi.
I'm just a normal 8-seem-year-old high school student who just happens to drive a $50,000.
I'm a damn good man!
Where is the diamond here in the size of a small child's head?
That's right, look at this!
Hey, Julius.
Because every kid's big is wicket.
Think, think, baby.
Right, I don't get the whole big thing, chicken wing.
I may still go to college.
All right, I got some of them right here.
Check this one.
An unnamed school that's nestled in the bluegrass area.
Yeah, yeah.
All for the pen house apartment.
Yeah.
All for the pen house.
Yeah, right.
And a lot of times the description is your brand out magazine.
I spend there offering like a theme package deal.
Here's another institution in the heart of the Chapel Hill area, which will go on name.
Today, baby, I'm here to have me.
They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman direct from Russia.
Which I keep from my old boy, right?
I haven't unpacked it yet, but she's knocking and screaming and whatnot.
I have my boy Tyrant here and puts it in the garage with my box of cougarans
from an unnamed university closely associated with a Wolverine.
Man, it's everybody!
It's everybody!
The bigger I am!
Garage is filling over.
Anyway, I got to get back to class now with my boys.
No, no, no, we gotta go, we gotta go.
I already missed like three months so far.
Oh snap!
I just filled my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo Boss, too.
Look at this, I got a little McDonald's special sauce on there.
Oh by the way, come on up, buddy.
It was a big Mac.
Where for a limited time, you visit one part to speed him.
McDonald's and buy a big Mac, you can know it for 35.
Say it's a Mac!
It's a Mac!
It's a Mac!
It's a Mac!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, peace out!
The proceeding has been paid for by Foot Locker, an unnamed university in the Nutmeg state, and Deaf Comedy Jam.
Well, you know when you come right down, we don't want to talk about that too much.
I don't know why I'm going to go.
Make a big, give him a swell head.
Well, that'd be swell.
Come on five at five sixty WQM, less than an hour away from that big moment that you've been waiting for, baby.
It's that in shack.
Fox News is used to the slogan, fear and balance constitutes deceptive advertising to political advocacy groups, claim yesterday, in a position filed with the FTC.
Liberal move on.org and historically nonpartisan common cause assert that Fox News's reports are deliberately and consistently distorted and twisted to promote the Republican Party of the US
and an extreme right wing viewpoint.
A legend consumer fraud the complaint calls for the FTC to order Fox News, consistently the highest rated cable news network, to cease and to cease from using the slogan.
Our rena-breakantity of Fox News folks woman told the AP that while this is clearly a transparent publicity stunt, we recognize all forms of free speech and wish them well.
In a statement later Monday FTC chairman Timothy Mieros indicated the petition has got a little chance.
I'm not aware of any instance in which the FTC is investigating the slogan of a news organization.
There is no way to evaluate this petition without evaluating the content of the news issue.
That is a task the First Amendment leads to the American People Notting Government Agency, but Charlie Pingri, president of Common Cross at the legal actions were consistent with the First Amendment.
Fox has no obligation on it a lot to be fair and balanced, just not to market itself as fair and balanced as he said.
After press conference, how much of that press conference actually told somebody something?
You think so anyway.
After a press conference announcing the petition members have moved on.org and Common Cross marched to the Fox News headquarters to hand out DVDs of the recent documentary out Fox, which alleges a pattern or right wing bias in the network's reporting settings statements by former Fox employees and internal memos and all of these things.
How do you like that?
Fair and balanced my ass.
Is it? Oh no, this... oh no!
Yeah, I couldn't wait for you to get it out.
Oh no!
I just picked the facts off the machine there.
What?
Yeah.
What is it?
Greg from Port St. Lucie.
It's been a long time since I've talked or faxed you, thank God!
We have a 10 plus year history, some good, more bad, but even though I can only hear a small bits from your show living up here in Port St. Lucie, I'm still a huge fan.
Go away, Greg, please!
I have no life.
The reason for this letter, and I thought we resolved the issue two years ago, I still find it inappropriate that you started to do your show in your underwear again, please put some clothes on.
PS1 when you and Shaq begin to get it.
Oh, so lame, so tragic, so pathetic.
What is your problem, Greg?
I'm dying of a ass.
Yeah, Alex Pinellas will present Shaq a key to the county and declare today Shaqil O'Neal Day.
Oh, baby!
Shaqil O'Neal Roger, is that it?
I certainly hope that he doesn't find this show inappropriate because they're more in deep trouble.
A lot of other people over the years including the Catholic Church and some other Ojramp provocateurs who are going to have fondly showing inappropriate and somehow I've survived.
But God forbid if Shaqil don't take the humor in the show, then we're in deep do-do.
Even though we don't care that he games on this radio station and probably never will.
Do we have the heat on the schedule?
Yeah, they just added it.
Yeah, just added them on.
We're not going to have the games, we're just going to play Shaqil.
That bit for like two hours, what a game might be going on.
How sad.
If there is an idiot man, you're a simple little pansy is what you are.
Who do you think is the most underrated actor, TV or movies of all time?
We got 253 votes, not overwhelming, but they're starting to find some names on there that they can relate to.
Gary Oldman 56 as in Q56.
Now, Clarice put the Q56.
Q?
William H. Macy 50.
Look who's got 34.
Wow.
Robert Dubal 28.
Yeah, that Robert Dubal, he ain't no Shaqil Neil.
Sean Q. Sack 27, Lee J. Cobb 24, Steve Buschembe's got 20.
Phil of Seymour Hoppen 20, Andy Garcia 19, Brian Cox 19, Garyson Easy 18.
Christopher Walk in 12, Martin Landau's got 10.
Rob Livingston 5, Keith David 3, Hume Kronen 3, and after that it's like Peter Falk doesn't have any.
How's that possible?
Dana Andrews, GT Walls, Peter Falk, they got the big toe for our rock solid.
They are rock solid.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Just a little fire for from the Moe Show this morning.
He said, you know, appreciation to Shaq coming here, I've shaved my head.
No.
No lie, I swear he said it this morning.
Moe Howard, David?
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
We've been talking about that all day, Puts.
5670, 5670.
When he grabbed the gun, he just tuned in.
Right.
That'd be so tough on his support.
He's trying to be a good guy on his lunch.
I was just calling us in with little spy report there about Moe.
Absolutely.
What about it?
I don't know.
I heard something about him in Shaq.
Shaq.
And some shaving.
Yeah, they're shaving it.
And some crap.
WQA and hello.
How about you?
How about Alan Arkin for the poll?
Alan Arkin?
Mm-hmm.
Okay, it sounds like a winner to me.
I think.
Thank you.
He's a sure winner.
He was, look, he knows that his phone might be attacked by the CIA or, huh?
Or like a...
This is a subversive show and his guy's a planet smart.
Just in case they tap it his phone, you don't want to get it traced.
Let's just speak real low and like in a low register, you know?
Kind of like...
Yeah.
He speaks in a low register?
I don't know.
I never heard him speak.
I don't want to hear him speak.
I don't know.
Speaking at the stroke of midnight could finally become a facial...
Yeah.
What about the voice at Shaq?
Well, what was that?
It's on Channel 4, I guess, or 6-
Oh, I see.
Channel 6, I would think.
And the one he speaks to you, Mr.
Oh, in other words, they do have a pre-shack press.
You have no idea.
It started at 11.
It started at 11?
Holy moly!
Oh my God.
You can pinch yourself Thursday.
Oh, I got a headache.
My head is spinning.
Like a dreidel.
Like a dreidel on acid.
Right now, it's being resigned.
You don't hold the strings of this and this and this.
I won't.
You have got to be shmittenly, you know?
I think about that.
Let's me on Leafs Lushes.
They're talking about Shaq.
Harrison, between two clubs.
Let's get some phone calls in here first.
We'll kick it off today with Shane.
How are you doing, Shane?
Excellent.
How are you guys doing?
Doing well.
Let's see if Shane talks about Shaq.
All right.
If Blake can't go for Canada, who do you think would be the best
suitable defenseman?
How do you like that?
They're talking about hockey on Leafs TV.
Well, I guess that makes sense.
The whole is that.
Fire just drop.
And Nashville comes up with 10 lights at Greg Johnson.
Now, Dearest God, he's got David Legon.
Are they sure?
Oh, you know who talks through their teeth like Josh Corn is does?
Who does?
Or go Kitter.
Yes?
He talks through a teeth.
Is she does?
She's just super.
Of course, that's the least of her problems.
I know.
Well, she did a lot of drugs.
You know, they all did in those days, back in the day.
They did a lot of drugs.
Not like now.
Well, I got to speak in a drug.
So don't let me forget when I come back.
Yeah, I'll keep reminding you.
And you always remember.
No, seriously.
New cholesterol advice.
Tainted question mark from CBS News.
Very muy important.
I keep trying to tell these people.
Don't get sucked in.
Don't get sucked in by these doctors who are like getting all of these free trips and all this crap from their detail men.
All of this garbage.
All of these ads on TV.
They want your money.
It's like every two, three months.
Oh, we find out that chocolate's really good for you.
Or tomato sauce is really good to guard against prostate cancer.
All of this other crap.
And then you find out that the study that they're quoting somewhere was paid for by, you know, by the Hines people.
Oh, sorry.
And she's a mess or what?
She is really a mess.
Huh?
She's 80 and she's had all that surgery to make her look 60.
She is like shaggy dog.
Seriously, every time I see her, they were coming off the plane, a campaign thing of the day.
Carey of his wife.
And she's trying to like, mat the hair back.
I think a mole lost his piece of Teresa.
I think she's got it on.
I'm just going to look at what it got.
Okay.
I had a line, but you know, I know back in the day you might have thought about saying it.
But especially after getting your hands up all the way up yesterday, after getting a spanking from muff.
By the way, Josh, you better not let anything slip through on your Josh because muff guarantees you're going to spank you.
That's what I heard.
1214 already at 560 W. Kimber.
We're getting close to it.
Yeah, we're getting close to it, baby.
You can smell it.
The best piece in town or your money back.
That's the guarantee.
The best piece or your money back at the loft.
Jeff Cohen, chef and owner and Ojoan provocateur at the pizza loft for us wrong guarantees.
You're going to be so ecstatic with the food at the pizza loft that he guarantees it's the best in town or give you your money back.
That's right.
The best piece in town or your money back.
I think the lowest thing I ever heard of was when the rumors heard me do this spot.
And they went in there eight for free and then wanted their money back when they got done.
What else did they do?
After 27 years in South Florida, pizza loft is under reputation for quality food and service.
Far beyond expectations in your ordinary because pizza were telling you to join.
This is quite a place.
And Jeff invites you to stop by the pizza loft.
Today, take them up on his offer for the best piece in town.
And I guarantee I'll bet your clearest's life on it again.
That you'll become one of the many, many regulars at the pizza loft.
Fantastic gigantic portions, fresh delicious food, everything cooked to order, nothing soggy.
The best garlic rolls anywhere, all your favorite pasta dishes.
Three different kinds of great pizza as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta now too.
Pizza loft, they're in the pizza loft class of Davey University,
driving miles south of 595 between 595 and Griffin Roads right beyond Pier 1 and ports lots of free parking.
Pizza loft is open seven days a week for lunch and dinner and they deliver the most to Southwest Broadway too.
For take up delivery catering called the world famous pizza loft at 954 916 888.
That's 954 916 888 for the world flaming pizza loft home of your money back.
What an experience.
We are supporting you 560 UAM.
And now, a word from Howard Dean's wife.
Hi, hello there.
I'm Dr. Julius Steinberg.
Why if a presidential candidate's Howard Dean?
You can call me Judy.
Not Judge Judy.
That's a different risqué.
People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard.
Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa?
I see the crap out of myself.
I make crap out of this and I look like a shane of food.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much yiddish, huh?
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it.
No, I say that's a bunch of mischegas.
For those of you who don't take a piece of yiddish, that means crap.
How is a good guy?
Though he's what you might call a loose cannon.
He's got a pretty bad temper on him.
I remember one time one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste.
I thought he was going to blow a gasket.
The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were gone in the corners of his mouth.
Even for sugar, I spent 23 years with his shaggits.
Most of the time he's a man.
But on occasion, I hate him.
I think my husband Howie would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little p.o. about is that Howie doesn't let us have a TV.
I run a bunch of section of city.
I got a shut down to campaign headquarters, also the crogrist, to watch on some tiny black and white set.
I have never seen any program in color.
So I'm no Jackie Kennedy.
Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy.
I don't wear makeup.
I'm like a whisker away from being amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to choose through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazon, that's here to show Dr. Julie Steinberg of our Lout.
People are by the committee to elect John Kerry President.
Okay, it worked pretty well.
Funny past noon, that's when he really started going on the crapper.
Yeah.
He let her out of the room.
No, seriously, a lot of people think it was when he did the light crap.
But when he really started going on the tank, when she came popping out.
And this broom hilder, whatever the hell her name is, with a rag mop on her head.
She is really, we want all that money, Teresa.
Yeah.
I wonder which one of them, 57 variety she's got.
I'm just taking a look at something on my thing here.
An email.
It's quite be a while.
And that what?
Oh yeah, I got to get the search party on.
Now, it's just that people email me stuff during the show that requires like a significant reply.
I don't have time to be crappin' around with this.
Okay.
I'm trying to do a make believe radio show here until it comes on.
So they're actually carrying on on the tube for hours and hours and hours of this crap.
I just had to give it anymore.
Oh my god.
You've got to be kidding me.
Oh my god.
merchandise store people on the street, little old ladies who never heard of Shaq much less.
Basketball.
Yeah.
And nothing.
What even the and what?
And nothing.
Most of the heart disease experts who urge more people to take cholesterol lowering drugs this week have made money from the company selling those medicines.
How do you like that?
Clodial, the rival.
These guys are with the heat summer back.
Consumer groups on Friday blasted the new cholesterol guidelines as being tainted by the influence of major pharmaceuticals that make drugs such drugs such as Zocore, Lipertor, Pravical and all the rest.
Last year drug makers are in 26 billion dollars worldwide on cholesterol lowering medicines, the top selling class of drugs.
The new guidelines issued yesterday by the American Heart Association and the federal government were aimed at preventing heart attacks.
They were written by none of the countries that was last Monday, not only the country's top cholesterol experts,
at least six have received consulting or speaking fees, research money, or other support from makers of the most widely used anti-cholesterol drugs.
And did you notice that the stuff that they did propaganda they put out last week said, oh, get your cholesterol down as low as possible.
Get it way, way, way down there.
Yeah.
Well, I've read that if you're cholesterol, if you're overall cholesterol numbers other 140, pretty soon you're going to be saying.
I'm dying on the hands.
Right.
And these guys again, part of the summer camp here for Shikilo Hill.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes.
This goes to Shiro Little Horse and Buggie, boring ass towns out Florida is because if this is what they're making such a big stimulus about,
I haven't helped you. That's all I can tell you.
Okay. Better you than me.
Although we do have the Raptors and we have the Blue Jays and the Maple Leafs.
A lot of the birds.
And then the Argos don't forget about that.
And the Turo is coming up to it.
Whatever their name is going to be, the new WHO.
I'm sure Josh is right up today on that.
Even Florida's got a team.
I don't know what their name is.
There's a Florida team if the WHO ever gets off the ground, which it might, if the NHL actually gets a lockout this year doesn't play.
Does W start for women?
Maybe Gelly.
Maybe Gelly can broadcast the WHO again.
A Voters-Wide group is accusing state investigators of intimidating elderly black voters while looking at a possible ballot fraud in the disputed Orlando Mayor's race.
What he does, reelection, and March 9th has been dodged by accusations of fraud.
The voter protection coalition said FDLE agents while contacting people whose absentee ballots are under question revealed their side arm spoke from an Alma Gonzalez said Friday.
You can't do that to old black people who fought hard for the right to vote and in fact have seen law enforcement utilized in this kind of intimidating, harassing way through the civil rights movement because all of said.
Also the coalition blazes the investigation of dire campaign workers for the get off the vote efforts by FCNP ballots.
This enfranchises minorities.
The coalition is asking the US Commission on Civil Rights to conduct a formal investigation.
I mean, like that.
Of course, that would be pretty unusual in intimidating black people in election in Florida.
Wouldn't that be very unusual?
Never heard of such a thing.
Right.
Bands better here.
Antoine and Danny.
And Jimmy.
Antoine and Jimmy and Danny and, of course.
Don't forget we're going to have it for you right here live, maybe on QAA because we're sports intensive.
We're not going to let you get any bunch of entertainment or for for quality, get in the way of the important stuff, which of course is.
That's it.
Got it.
Got it.
Here we oldman 57.
We got a good horse race going on here.
Meanwhile, with all this other crap going on, the shack crap and Zach.
Here we oldman 57, the most underrated actor of all time, TV or movies.
When you make FACEE 55.
So that's a battle.
And look, was it third place with 36 votes.
Shocking unit.
It's all shocking on the count of that.
Robert Dubal 33, John Q.
Sack 28, Lee J. Cobb 24, Gary Sinesi 24, Steve Bush, Henry 22, Brian Cox 21, the actor, not the football player.
Philip Steve Warholman 21, Andy Garcia.
Yeah.
Remember Andy Garcia and Godfather 3?
Joey.
Zah.
Driven by Wally, Hennessy.
Hey, the finish line's over here, Wally.
This way.
Christopher Walken 17, Martin Landauk 10.
Everybody else single digits, small potatoes.
But we'll get some more names on there.
5670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
QA M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty much that.
You're full.
I can't believe nobody's called on this.
You're very own Kim Bulkamper.
Meaning what?
What does it what does that mean?
As a fast back, one of the underrated actors.
Rock solid.
He is that.
And they got that big cow from Dan Dauza from the dealership.
We'll say that for you.
Do you have any reason or any idea, any understanding, any maybe just?
I have no idea.
He was an age veteran.
That's where he was.
I forgot all about that.
We apologize.
Okay, sorry.
We forgot.
Leave it to Josh.
Remember a great movie like that.
I had commented to you.
You don't like Ace Ventura?
Come on.
They're both good movies.
Didn't see him.
I thought that was like that.
They were just like.
No, I like that.
That's what Christian carry on the map.
Let me say it again.
Didn't see Ace Ventura.
I didn't see Cable Man.
Didn't read it with it.
Cable Guy.
But it wasn't that good.
I didn't see most of the Jim Carrey movies.
I liked Jim Carrey, but his movies leave me most of them.
You only need to see two.
The Ace Ventura movies.
Yeah.
Pentelective?
Yeah.
I apologize.
I'm going to go out and buy him right now.
I'm going to go right to the...
I apologize.
I'm going to buy several copies of several DVDs.
They were no South Park movies.
And I'm going to go buy some DVDs so that Greg up there and Port St. Lucie won't have to worry about what I'm wearing here.
Isn't that incredible?
No, it's very credible.
So sad.
You know.
Well, one thing about the sad people is now 10 years from service.
400 years from next to Shibu, they're still going to be sad.
You've always had to go in.
They're still going to be sad.
I have no life.
Right.
And then he shows up at the track no less that time.
Oh.
Anyway.
When you're moving or renovating, that's the best possible time to dial 1-800-Matrus.
Because you can make that first night of your dream house heavily with a brand new, quality name brand map for some dial amiprus.
You pick the date and time for delivery.
If you're moving schedule and dial amiprus is on time 99.7% of the time.
Nobody's got a better selection of Queen and King size mattress.
That's ready for a meeting delivery than dial amiprus.
When you call 1-800-Matrus right now, you'll get a great mattress at a discount price.
Dial amiprus is ranked number one.
Excessive Reset is expected.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Forts of Excellence Award.
And of course, you don't have to slurp around in the heat from a place to place when you know you can get the best deal from our friends at dial amiprus.
When you call that toll free number, you'll choose from the complete line of...
...sealy, serda, king coral, simons, tempera-peatic, and even stirons and foster huid.
Everybody at QN with a brain is called 1-800-Matrus to their beds, you ought to be doing the same too.
Guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years to come with one easy phone call, no schlep at around, no getting all sweated up, no wasting a lot of time in gas.
Just call 1-800-Matrus, there'll be there in no time at all.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-R-I-L-I-N, it's mattress.com.
I am all, this is sportswear, no flexible, you are all.
Shut up.
It's been a decade since the juice was in the juice, he spent his time on the golf course looking for clues.
Now he's back and he can't shut up.
Stilling his van, a man named Trady's one, sick of hot, still setting in to win, that's all Jay.
But everybody knew it, that's all Jay.
The prosecutor's to win, his son to this girl.
He's still out there, oh Jesus, some 20 years mad ad is white, but she didn't cut her own head off with a knife.
He gets paid for dinner views, meets the cash for his golf juice.
Oh Jay, tell me, how is this search for the real killer golly?
This fire man, I've been looking at golf courses all across America, but I'll never be able to be spied on spyglass, you know. I ain't found them yet though.
Why are you just looking at golf courses?
Uh, that's mostly where I find myself on a golf courses.
Can he be anywhere else?
No, I don't think so, they go beyond a golf course.
Oh Jay, it's just plain, great scene.
He hears that he's the set my villain, Kobe, Ari and his wife say,
Hey, my son Clark's the rear, but she's lucky he didn't cut her right behind me here.
Still setting in to win, that's all Jay.
But everybody knew it, that's all Jay.
The prosecutor's to win, and such a nice play.
He's still out there.
Yeah, but he's a small fit. He's nice old news yesterday's news today's news is you got it.
Just his presence alone is making a bigger impact probably than winning in LA by the end.
Oh man, I'm seriously I need I'm so glad that I'm out there.
You have to see the scene.
And what are we going to do with you act?
Oh, okay, I'll go get the butter.
I've made you a balance here for that duty.
Democrat Democrats aren't amused by governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's use of the mocking term girly men to describe some lawmakers,
although it's posted into the governor said no apology will be for coming.
And here all of us were sitting waiting for him just to say, I apologize.
But he ain't going to do it.
Some people were going to take him up on his challenge.
Challenge to do what?
Oh, they're calling him a girly man.
So some people are going to go beat him up.
Oh, good.
Even if he says I apologize Schwarzenegger dished out the insult that around these Saturdays he claimed Democrats were delaying the budget by catering to special interests Democrats protested to the mark was sexist at home before.
But how do you like that?
I apologize.
If they don't have the guts to come up here in front of you and say, I don't want to represent you.
I don't want to represent those special interests.
The unions, the trial lawyers, if they don't have the guts, I call them girly men.
Schwarzenegger said in the cheering crowd of the mall food court in Ontario, California.
Not Ontario, Canada, Ontario, California.
The governor lifted the term from a long running Saturday night life, skittin' which two pompas Schwarzenegger worshiping wait-lifters repeatedly use the tomatos and omit their standards of physical profession.
They're girly men.
It looks like Shaxe about to say something.
Oh, you better open that pot.
Our chairwoman at the Board of County Commissioners.
This is Alan.
We want to welcome you to my name, Dave County.
You have big Miami-Dade County in Walsh, I'm from Virginia.
This is a key.
We normally give our dignitaries, but we believe you deserve a big key.
Because you're going to make a big impact in this community.
And you're going to help bring an MBA championship right here to Miami.
So let me do it.
The big key.
The key of Miami-Dade County.
And welcome to my name.
Officially to our community.
Pretty big key.
And I'm chairwoman.
Thanks.
You're going to the outfits.
Yeah.
Now this bitch is going to say something.
Who's that?
Something nicely.
Chicken.
And we want to send chicken.
Chicken.
And is he even the chicken?
And the chicken.
Oh, chicken.
It's a great thing.
Different than the chicken.
Different than the chicken.
So we want to turn that off.
Turn that off.
Oh, man.
Oh, you want to move?
Now, I want some pancakes.
And your mind looks to mine.
What is that?
He gives our whiz.
That's talking.
Shanks talking?
Almost.
Well, he wants a proud to make the noise between speech.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Get going.
Oh, Miami.
Hi.
I said hello, Miami.
There's dead as a door now.
I want to thank him for welcoming me.
I want you to remember this feeling right here.
Everybody out here having a good time.
Feeling like a team.
Remember this.
I'm going to bring your championship.
To Miami, I promise.
Shut up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
So.
You see the stars in a few months?
I see you, and I love you all.
And let's get it going.
The shark.
Oh, no.
What was that?
That was a preview of coming to traction, I think.
Oh, my God.
That was just.
Oh, my God.
Checking.
In.
Incredible.
At any rate, I hope you're folks who are having one hell of a time, man.
I hope you just have an a swell time.
It's all I can say because we had them on the air right here on QA and baby.
Eat your hard-out clearance.
Okay.
We don't want to wait for your bogus press conference there.
And for Zach Cranston between eating two or three lunches there.
We had them right on here live, exclusive on radio anyway.
Because the other sports station, August, they're not on the air.
Except for that bananas foster thing.
They're probably playing Haitian melodies in between the paid sports shows right now on that thing anyway.
So there you go.
There was a little taste of what yet to come.
And I wouldn't she give, I thought she said chicken.
I sure hope it wasn't Kentucky fried because we know about those bad beaten and abused chickens.
Turned her shirt.
Yeah, tenderized against the wall.
I think she said, you know, is that what she said?
Oh, man, I understand that barbecue place got a good barbecue scene.
And chicken and stuff like that and read.
I got news for her with his money.
He don't have to be mad.
Okay, he can be eaten filet menu on every day.
Whatever he likes.
I sure am hungry.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Oh, we're going to be so shocked and tested today.
But I have a check.
Come on out of your ears by the end of the day.
If you stick with us here on QA and clearance, you're such a mumbling little modicone man.
You're a silly person.
Oh, speaking of that former professional hockey player, I'm sure you didn't talk about this yesterday.
Did you?
Did I talk about a hockey player yesterday?
That's why I said it.
Yeah, I'm going to say it.
And then it's Friday that he sought to have his agent killed as part of a plough that unraveled when the would be hitman turned out to be a police informant.
Former St. Louis player Mike Denton, pleaded guilty to murder for higher conspiracy charges could face seven to ten years in the slimer when he sentenced October 22.
Denton was to have been tried in September with co-definite Katie Wolfmeyer and was scheduled for a pre-trail hearing next week.
Then 23 in Wolfmeyer 19 year old, caught a student from a sandwich suburb, faced identical conspiracy charges with Wolfmeyer accused of trying to hire the would be killer of Denton's agent David Frost.
The would be killer eventually went to police.
Frost was unharmed.
Denton's been jailed ever since he was arrested April 16.
What is his real name Mike?
It's not Denton. It's whatever the hell it is.
I can't think of it.
It's not here in the story.
Anyway, they've talked about that endlessly here because they're hockey obsessive here.
As opposed to there, we're there obsessive now, or at least only for a couple of days till they were it out.
They haven't heard it out yet, have they?
He's owner of the ERS and president head coach by right.
President former head coach by right, Sam Van Gundy.
Thank you so much for bringing you to Kilo Neal here to South Florida.
He is the playoff port.
So he must still be feeling the effect.
How it's done, how it's done, and it's still a big mistake.
I didn't like that little hockey talk here, eh?
Well, they're all at shack crap in South Florida.
I really feel badly for you, okay?
I feel bad that you have to be there in the midst of all of that.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Mr. God.
I appreciate it.
All the Michigan's.
20 before 1 at 560 WPM, we got a short show today because we got the big shot.
Press conference coming up near the top of the ER, or thereabouts.
And then whenever it ends, George can come back in.
And you and Josh here can kind of like summarize everything that went on.
We're going to repeat it, analyze it, dice it, get some analis.
Turn it inside an out, expert analyst Curtis and Dave Hagen are going to hold it inside down,
slap it against the wall a couple of times.
Reaching it, there you go.
And have a good time doing it.
I'll be having a good time at lunch.
20 till 1 at 560 WPM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management.
These are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee of evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Oasis has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice,
which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operation and leave details to the folks at Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you want a free evaluation call 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
4 Oasis outsourcing.
I am local.
We are support radio 560's.
You are UAM.
Yes, it's 6 and 8.5.
By the time I never got a fine, the kind of ride that I've been doing around these days.
Now that the class of set of wheels fixed up, the way your brother would lie.
Now with the key to China and the trim is cool, then it dies to the bossy.
I got the kind of liquid cherry, yo.
God, baby.
Open the curtain, cherry cherry, and be baby Bruce.
God, baby.
China deals a little bit, and it keeps us in place.
Get down to our bounce down the road, and up to that is super bad way.
Now with the hotest stock, don't take heels, a day of the event that picks us up.
Yes, I got 79, powerful Catalina.
So we're looking bad now, you smart baby, get a lot of that.
God, baby.
Open the curtain, cherry cherry, and be baby Bruce.
God, baby.
China deals a little bit, and it's very good.
You.
I'll show you that.
I'll show you that.
I'll show you that.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I have no life.
Frank.
Oh, I got my windows down on the hot summer day, because they can't see the wood no way.
This wedding freshman lost seats, trustless hell, and kids that doesn't even look in over time.
Now come back to you, find a shiny granite smell like light, thanks my coffee,
Johnny Dupras, I've been washing it with all the road.
Don't all be a rick.
Open the curtain, cherry cherry, and be baby Bruce.
God, baby.
Michael Schock, it deals more involved in sweet dreams than you.
God, baby.
Fresh from the wind, cherry, and be fancy to be baby.
God, baby.
Come, putty seven at five, sixty, WKM, and attention is building, you can almost smell it.
Huh?
It would better maybe judge court to say too much of that lunch.
From where was it again?
Johnny Rockets.
How come I can't take that lunch?
We all gorge.
They brought a ton of food.
So beside the burgers, what else was there?
Onion rings, fries, chili fries.
Oh, these onion rings were really real honest to God, onion rings?
Yeah, honest to God with real onions in them.
Wow, lightly battered as opposed to just, uh, absolutely.
As opposed to say, like Burger King, that gives it like those little golden crisp of, uh, crisp of batter.
And that's it.
Right.
No one in inside.
And they also brought like chicken sandwiches, real chicken breast fillet sandwiches and whatnot.
These weren't the chickens that were smashed against the wall of KFC.
They were tender, but there were no cleat marks on them.
Okay.
That's what you're asking.
Right.
Uh, what else salads?
They brought some like chicken salads, big, giant salads, all kinds of things.
Now, back in the day, I would have suggested that if you find those marks, those defining marks on the chicken, they would have been called...
...F***, you're our fracks, but we can't say that now.
No way.
Pain tracks.
Right.
Uh, let's see what we got in a pool here.
Now, let's move away from that real fast.
Let's fly away from that.
Who do you think is the most underrated actor movies or TV of all time?
William H. Macy has aged in the first, I love William H. Macy being a great, especially in Magnolia, especially in everything.
Every movie he's ever been in.
He was sent to...
Great, Fargo.
Right.
Sixty votes.
Gary Olden, 59, so he's right on Bill Macy's ass, which the role he played in Magnolia, he'd probably have enjoyed that.
Robert Duval, 46.
And look, who's in fourth place.
Although, Robert Duval did hop over him, which must have been quite an accomplishment.
John Q. Sec, 31.
Steve Buschemi's got 27.
Harrison Easy, 25.
Lee J. Cobb, 24.
Philip Seymour Hoffman, 23.
Brian Cox and Christopher Walken, 22.
Andy Garcia, 20. Martin Landau, 14.
Ron Livingston, 6-Peter Flock, 5. Keep David IV.
Hume Cronin, 4.
J.T. Walsh III.
Ted Levine's got 2.
Irving Arlevene's still waiting.
Rodney McDowell's got a peer, and they're shriveled.
Dana Andrews, 2 guy Pierce's got 2, and John Fabro's got 1.
So, 445 votes, everybody's got at least 1.
Let's hear it, everybody's got at least 1.
5.670, 5.60, Count 5.60, on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless line.
That's for seven throwing picks, and aren't that good.
I wanted to ask you this to...
Sorry, boy.
You know, he's embarrassed by it.
I asked him.
Is he?
Yeah, totally.
I think the worst thing that he said to Shack was...
You can kiss my rear end.
That was unacceptable.
That was a little over the top.
I know he's not too happy having to do all this crap.
But when he looked him right in the face and said...
You can kiss my rear end.
A little over the top.
5.60, I just gave the number.
Well, you know, I mean, I'm a little out of sync here because...
...all is his scary and, and of course, not being there, like Jika would say, I'm out of touch.
Is Jika in town?
No.
Is he right about what's happening local?
No.
No, he's not in California getting wine to dime and it's smoothed again.
Who are you kidding a little, Tommy?
You kidding anybody?
No.
Not us.
WQA, and hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon to you.
I don't know why I bothered coming back from BCA.
This is sick.
This is beyond sick, man.
I know it.
I mean, what is this?
Basically having no wife?
Just so I know.
I mean, this is...
I'm unbelievable.
I don't know why I have no wife.
Yeah.
So, anyways, if you have never gone to BCA and I don't know, I don't know if you think I've heard you say before, you really need to get out there.
That is a beautiful area.
That's what I hear, everybody says it's paradise.
I mean, it is just unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
He's got 43 vote phone.
He's got 43 vote.
Oh, Shackett is already on that.
He's got 43 vote.
He's got 43 vote.
Oh, Shackett is already on that.
He's got 43 vote.
Bearing out Daniel.
He's got 43 vote.
He's got 43 vote.
He's got 43 vote.
He's got 43 vote.
What does that mean, It's unbelievable.
He's got 43 vote.
he's been in the godfather he was barzini
all that right
virtue cani great character
who
what it's like
some cutting
oh that way to harry can
harry caniq
you're getting rid of that and harry caniq confused
and you're mixing them in with bjbj
and it was bjbj all along
you're losing it what's the couple of str i think you have had had had had
exactly
good point
actually visiting in town from indiana he got lucky enough to see shak
haha
i'm so jealous
he got lucky enough to see shakabajis rubbed himself raw so excited about it
oh man
right here in mind i mean i don't believe
he really is
he was unbelievable
incredible
all of these things right
I know whether to laugh or cry to be honest with it.
WQA and Hello.
Not there on line five.
Mark that down.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
Listen, I got, man, I just took let it got you.
I got a name for the whole.
Okay.
Oh, I'm sorry, Uncle Shaq.
Yes, sir.
Vigo Mortensen.
Who?
Vigo Mortensen.
How you spelled that?
V-I-G-G-O.
Vigo Mortensen.
Right.
Mortensen.
Who now is that?
He played the king in return in Lord of the Rings.
Oh, okay.
And he's been in a lot of other good ones like prophecy with Christopher Walker.
Right.
Did you see that?
No.
That was good.
No matter if I guess I did, I didn't see that.
That was good.
He played Satan.
Yeah.
So put him on the pole.
I just want to see how many votes he gets.
Okay.
You got it.
Thanks, Neil.
Bye-bye.
I'm sorry.
It's coming up any moment now.
It's coming up, John.
Yeah.
Momatarily.
So, Christopher is building the excitement.
It's coming to a crescendo.
And are we going to learn anything?
No.
Well, if anything, we don't already know.
Is it worth carrying him?
No.
But I'd like to go into lunch in hour later.
It's nice.
And it kind of takes me back to those nine to one days.
Those awful, ugly nine to one days.
Oh, yeah.
We were following the ball.
The ball.
So what do we call him now?
He can't be curly-
Curly Howard, David.
I see.
Curly.
No mo mo.
Now we got curly.
Sounds like a winner to me.
And I'm thinking, or-
He and-
Since everybody else wants to jump on a bagwagon, how about shackle,
Near Rogers?
Okay.
You could call Howard David Mojak.
Yeah.
I think, co-jack.
Get it?
Uh-huh.
I like curly Howard better, though.
Anyway, stick around, baby, because the big stuff is coming up soon.
It's Pro 56 at QA, man.
It's going to get intense.
Oh, it's a-
Oh, it's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It just died for hell.
You want to knock it down?
Get Tika's slapping old women with painted lips around the pole.
I listened to the Near Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listened to the Near Rogers there in balance one to two hours.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess what the good news is, the score, one of our 400 sports channels here,
has got the camera set up in Miami.
Yeah.
They just showed, uh, you know, everybody's waiting in anticipation for what?
Back.
Oh, I don't know.
I think it's going to be-
Back.
That's why I want-
Oh, we do it a little.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't care about any you, people.
I just spend your money.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, my little thing is going to go in here.
Now give me your money.
There's $4 here.
There's a budget here too, for-
They call my credit card.
You don't break the $50.
Yeah.
You have to-
Jack, me.
Jack.
Jack, you're Jack.
Jack, you're Jack.
Jack, Jack, Jack.
Come on, yes to this.
Are we going to be going to Zach or straight to Zach?
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack.
Somebody better check.
We'll go around Zach.
Oh, do we have a little Jack?
Jack, Jack, Jack.
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack.
Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack.
Check.
It's Chuck.
Whoo!
Jack.
Jack, I don't know about any of you people.
I just spend your money.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
You like to hug you?
Why is it so hard to jump at my heart?
Jack.
I didn't think go me in.
Now give me your money.
No, it's just that goal.
I got $4, here.
There are some kids who play cool.
My credit cards.
You should take a 50.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Pigs catch a cat!
And you'll find your real 20 years old where you are and who you are in your next home.
I don't care about any of you people, I just spend your money.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
You're my nanny.
Think, oh man.
Now give me your money.
I just have four dollars here.
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
Well, my credit card's too.
You can break a 50.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm the honest man, I believe, and I would do it on our program director is the crash.
Why didn't he leave?
He wanted to go to an early lunch, which I will do because once this press conference starts,
you don't want to end in people droppings or like solid or like, uh,
golden and back right.
Who's this?
This is sharp.
You think we forget about it?
You go like there, you're a bit too good.
I don't care about any of you people.
I just spend your money.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nobody can share without being so intensive about now.
Yeah.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
You're my name.
You're my name.
I love you.
I can't do money.
I can't do money.
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh wait, I was saying that you're seeing my meat.
No, no.
Father.
I'm just going to show you a job.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh wait, do we have a law?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look who's here.
It's sharp.
Oh.
He knew it's sharp.
Yeah.
I don't care about any of you people.
I just spend your money.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're making a lot of money.
Plus it's 100,000,000,000,000.
You know what my name is?
steal it.
Give me all Moments.
You are.
That's what she feels soы for it.
Whoa, my Khan's come.
He should's break a 50,000.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Talk.
Talk.
Talk.
Talk.
Talk.
Say it.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Help me, do we have a word?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Look who's here!
It's Chuck!
Who knew it was Chuck?
Chuck!
I don't care about any of you people.
I just spent your money.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
You're my nestingo man!
Give me your money!
You're a poor allos here!
I can't do it!
Well, my credit card still!
You break the 50th card!
You don't think this is going to start anytime soon, do you?
Oh, I don't know.
See, it would have been so much easier just to pay for the proceedings and to put...
In fact, I could have put it on here from the score because they're in commercial right now.
And they're going to carry it live, live coverage.
I could have put it on right from here.
And we wouldn't have to send Zach Kranz out there with something in his pants.
For Zach and Shana.
And Miguel and Joe Rhodes.
Well, right.
He's there in another capacity.
I see.
Chuck.
Yes!
Chuck!
Chuck!
Chuck!
Chuck!
Chuck!
You're the most famous of all.
It's been 1000 folks per day.
I heard about it.
20,000 people are already depressed.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
I'm down, Hank, okay.
People are all asking me.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
Zach, can I have a picture for you?
I'll take it where you are.
We're just picking Liz for exact contract.
Whatever your name is.
Year
And I that necessary
ah
Abu Gharram Baldyam
Abu Gharram Baldyam
What?
Look at this, it's almost 10 after 1 hour, but we could have been like doing a show and do stuff, you know?
Shut
Oh
My god
I'm
I have no right
Oh my god
All of these things
Last of what how did it last four to six weeks is another big blow to a Toronto blue J team that has already played eight weeks of the
Colestogato
Virgil Wells and Frank Colorado see maybe nobody in South Florida cares about the slumping horrendous dead last place blue J's
But you know what is good about it?
It's sports we think we'll close
Sports we're close to one
Yeah, couldn't be too close because they're not sure the arena right now on the score. I know the score mister
And it turns his face into big home
Oh
Are you sure
You are
Welcome
You've heard
Oh
