We love that sports baby. We know like you Neil and we share something like a how-way, but we love that sports man
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein
torture
United by computers like the GOP
Then if you made it this time, don't let them
That's just the accounts ruin us again
The brother governor that's brought a lot of money out of another country
Get through both of this time, don't let them
That's just the accounts ruin us again
That's just the accounts ruin us again
That's just the accounts ruin us again
That's just the accounts ruin us again
That's just the accounts ruin us again
And those trying to push with your blood
Oh
The
Well, it's been a week from today and just enough to make your vowels twitch.
Almost as much as Patee coming again like yesterday and no check showing up.
Greg?
Didn't it pick it again?
But that's the Beasley FN way.
You know what you have to beg and make a lot of historical calls and get a lot of excuses
from little underlings like Clarence.
And by the way, their water Nazi philis for allegedly getting it straight in that.
We'll see if it shows up today or not.
There's a new deal now.
Every Patee, it's like, ah!
Like, where's the money already, huh?
Maybe it's because of those terrible numbers we got in this last trend in this summer book.
I'm looking at that number in the morning there and what's going on, how a man, oh man.
If you divided up by the amount of time that they're on, like five hours yesterday and again today,
there ain't much there so far.
What does that big ad campaign start for Howard Stern be on QAM?
What does that start?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah.
Does anybody know about it?
No.
No, they know we got sports on after two o'clock and that's about all they know in the last trend.
At any rate, here's our poll from yesterday.
We better talk fast.
We only got three hours today, which is good.
We didn't have to do any foreplay today.
Notice?
That's good.
I think maybe how we enraubin are like, ah, helping us out.
Now that I announced that we're doing, um, foreplay to 11 o'clock and at the show basically
starts at 11 every day so our audience has some idea when we start.
We appreciate the help.
Yeah, we appreciate it.
Thanks how we enraubin and already in the bababui.
Because otherwise nobody's got a clue when hell we start.
This show has been eviscerated by the management of the radio station.
You just like we we've been, ah, just stabbed and tortured and twisted and, ah, screwed
screwed and tattooed even Kathy Willough's never got screwed like this.
I mean, just a royal tattooing and screwing.
Thanks a lot, Greg.
You're the man.
You the man.
Nice knowing you.
2200 and some odd votes on a poll yesterday.
What's your take on Bill Clinton campaigning for John Kerry this week?
Can't we have Clinton back for another term?
765 you said that 34.7%.
It can't hurt 629.
In other words, what's not to like?
28.5% said it can't hurt.
432 said great.
It'll put Kerry over the top 19.6% and by the way, today Washington post ABC News poll for
the first time nationally shows Kerry one point ahead.
It won't help Bush wins.
212 9.6 of you dunderheads out there.
Heavy mouth breathing right wing Bible thumping lunatics with a lot of money said it won't
help Bush wins no matter what.
And I don't give a shmit 164 7.4% of the intelligentsia out there.
The ones who were only worried about give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball.
And by the way, speak on a give me the ball.
How could Bush possibly be going to get more votes among blacks this time than last
time when it was black voters who were disenfranchised or were screwed in tattooed?
Who were told, oh, you can't vote.
Go back home boy.
Stuff like that, especially in Florida.
And so as a reward for that kind of fascism, more black people are going to go out there
and vote for these Nazis.
That don't make any sense to me.
I don't believe any of these polls, you know what?
I believe one of the ones that I like.
Yeah, there you go.
That's right.
The ones that sound good for what I like, I like those polls a lot.
I've seen a poll or two in my time.
Now, anyway, rush to war.
Mimee debut screening of this, a one-hour documentary by Mimee Native and noted film producer
Bob Tature, Tature, whatever his name is.
Details the issues surrounding non-Levin and American foreign policy within cycle comments
from respected government officials, foreign policy experts and journalists, including former
Senator George McGovern, naturally syndicated communist Robert Scheer, Molly Iveyn and Chris
Heges, former chief UN Weapons Inspector Scott Ritter, former General Anthony Zinny and
former terrorism Zarr Dick Clark.
It emphasizes the blunders of the Korean administration's policies and actions in the war
on terror and its consequences for global security in the 21st century.
That's tonight.
Woody Grayberg is bugging us about.
You don't have to bug us.
Woody Allen Vettie reminded me because I forgot all about it.
Tonight at 730 and 930 at the Flavor Night Club, 2895 McFarland Road in the Grove.
Admission is 10 bucks a portion of the proceeds being donated to move on.org and Woody's
probably going to pocket the rest.
That's tonight at 870 and 930 at the Flavor Night Club, 2895 McFarland Road in the Grove,
10 bucks.
Rush to war, a one-hour documentary.
Speaking of the documentary, so I got a great documentary from CBC last night from
the show, Passionate Eye, US media blues about how the media is like a goose-depth along
with this whole war and just absolutely been in disgrace.
But I just don't have time to play it today.
Oh, I know.
Well, when we have a day later in the week, which I'm sure they'll bail out one day, 1030,
1020, then I'll play it.
The whole thing in its entirety.
Which would be better than just playing, you know, waffle sound.
There's going to say fart sounds, which we can't play.
We can't play waffles sound so far.
I think that Joyce's next memo will include that one.
I'm not sure about this one.
Yeah, but I think this one, you can forget about that once you get wind of that.
So to speak, no more that we've been declawed, devolved.
We can't say this.
We can't say that.
We can't play about 70% of our bits.
But we still been marching right along, you know, doing the best we can under impossible
circumstances.
And they still don't want to pay on payday.
And they still got no promotion for this big new deal I got in the morning there, which
is going to be lame duck anyway in 15 months.
Wow.
Man, you demand Greg, you are doing it that you got to admit it.
You know, we were at IOD all those years.
And we've seen a lot of management and then a lady manager, mismanagement.
Yeah.
But I don't think we've ever seen anything on a par with this started with a whole
nervous breakdown about, you know, very jackass.
And the first team, I'm really disgruntled half unhappy with their numbers.
And that was the beginning of the end.
And since then, it's been like a like being stuck in the middle of a tornado or like
in the middle of a nightmare that never ends.
It just goes on and on and freaking on and just never comes down to worth.
Like we're dealing with crazy people.
Christina Aguilar is going to be a curtain today.
Wow.
We don't need to tell you anything about her.
If you don't know who she is, then crawl back under the bed.
And she's actually got like a booby shot there.
It's been an angular right.
I mean, granted, it's not everything you want to see.
But where else they're going to see that, right?
Right.
It's more than I've seen lately.
It's more than we've seen for you lately.
And it's actually a pretty good picture of her considering the fact that she looks like
Minnie Mouse on a bad day.
I don't, but at any rate, she's, you know, famous.
She's popular.
She's an MTV.
She's in videos.
Therefore, she must be really hot.
Right.
So therefore, there she is.
Christina Aguilara on neo-roggers.com.
Also today's poll before we get into a volume of subonus stuff, a volume of subonus
mod of crap, plus thousands of course of your fantastic phone calls like this one.
Online nine WQAM.
Hey, Neil, did you get that horse I gave you yesterday?
No.
I left, I left a message on George's voicemail.
Like I said, support the calder number five horse.
Well, what am I going to forget about calder?
The fourth and calder you're out of here.
Call up by Eddie Kay.
Okay.
You degenerate gambling lunatic.
I check my voice.
They pull every year.
Once a year, twice a year maybe.
I'm not interested, man.
A Harvey horse that's ever been given to me.
They're still running either that or they're like two to five.
I don't need two to five shots.
Okay, I can handicap that.
Schmuck.
How sure are you that your vote will count next week?
That's our poll question today.
How sure are you?
Huh?
We got three, six, eight freaking choices on here.
I think I'm getting my throat back today.
It's good, but I actually got a little sleep last night starting at about one in the morning.
I was lying there getting aggravated about Greg and the check and about this miserable company.
And how they treat everybody like crap.
And then I thought to myself, it's not even worth it.
Just take the money and run assuming it ever shows up.
You know, every payday now, I got to call this one and that one.
And then we got to go by this one and she's got to call over to Naples and did they stick the check up somebody's ass?
Or did it get lost in the fan?
Did they shred it?
Just pay people on payday.
I know that's a revolutionary concept for a company that's listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange
that has a bunch of shareholders out there who I'm sure aren't too happy about the fact
when they find out the company is disreputable and don't pay people on payday.
And if the employees, the hired hands are bringing all these millions of dollars,
have to beg and plead and threaten to get their paycheck most of the time.
Not a lot of fun.
You know, it just destroys another day of your life.
That's what these people are really good at.
Not so much good at broadcasting, but get it destroying your life.
See what I'm saying?
No, but you ought to know.
You're fired, George.
You're fired.
Just, you know, not for any special reason, just for now.
Just for a minute or two, just see how it feels.
You're fired.
How sure are you that your vote will count next week?
Here are the choices.
100% sure.
Some what sure don't know.
Have serious doubts.
About 30.
Won't vote.
Can't vote or don't give a shmit.
I think we covered all the bases there, baby.
Even baby root never touched as many bases that I just did right there.
Right?
Right.
How sure are you that your vote will count next week?
100% sure.
Some what sure don't know.
Have serious doubts.
About 30.
About 30, man.
Won't vote.
Can't vote or I don't give a shmit.
I love that.
I think we covered like I said.
Airby base.
Hey, the dolphins are playing the jets in New York Monday.
And I thought that will be ugly.
That's Josh Cortes' prediction.
And I echo that sentiment.
Didn't you say that?
Yes, I did.
You said the game against the Rams would be ugly little did we realize in what way, but it certainly was.
It was more than ugly because they missed the bus.
They missed two days of practice.
They played Monday night.
They didn't even show up.
I tell you what was really embarrassing though.
Was that touchdown at quarterback out there where he's like trying to sneak for a yard or two for the first down on the nine yard line?
And just he was like headed downward.
He was in a downward trajectory.
In other words, getting ready to be tackled just hoping to make the first down.
No.
Yeah, kid baby.
No.
I'm dying on my hands.
We're about 10 years too late.
Yeah, that when things were great.
When thing was president.
Oh, Jake was innocent.
But we could still see friends.
And people said, but I did.
Really had an internet.
And there was no fan yet.
They were heard about being locked.
Wall Street was always in the black.
We still care about Madonna.
And not about sneak attacks.
And all that great news ain't.
Yeah, you could take your pick.
Like it was said from God.
No, no, no, no, no.
I promise, please.
No, it's just a fool.
That brandy was a cutie.
There was a lamb, it's more a set.
And Julius, but from all of it, the pumpkins were smashing.
The Beatles' type of cash in.
But nothing quite feels right since 1919, 1995.
1991.
Rock solid.
You know, Mariah and Whitney.
They beat the pins up, Whitney.
No.
We still had some teasers.
But also there was Weasel and Weasel.
Be Hawkins.
Yes, she was good for Dawkins.
I wonder if she survived past 1919, 1995.
Oh, it's big in a Britney.
She's looking really nasty these days.
The pictures are her and the inquirer.
Man, you wouldn't picture with the Josh Cordis' armpit.
We've been talking about it.
She is looking skanky and nasty and well used and abused.
Holy moly.
Road trash.
I'm sure a lot of people on this audience,
are like, look at Christine right here.
They'll take her and don't get us wrong.
You have to take her like on a weekend, when you're bored.
A week or a while.
Fill in some time.
Fill in some space.
Waiting for the show to start, for example.
Speaking of that, what a good segue.
Because Josh Dero, Clarence Dero,
our program director in name,
faxes the log again.
Which I don't really need the whole log again.
I could have just put that one spot in there again.
I've already written on to my log.
And this is got to be a comedy.
Hasn't it?
You see the note he wrote on here?
No.
About the extra spot life spot we have.
Then I could do two life spots in one break.
He said, I know it's not protocol, but the decision is yours.
No, thanks Josh.
We've already discussed that.
Think it'll happen.
You sold us out.
You took away an hour of the show, or 45 minutes, or whoever knows how much.
By the way, you've blown away that revenue.
You blew away the big ratings.
We attended with 11 was always one of our, maybe our biggest hour.
And certainly one of the two biggest hours on the show.
And now you've blown it out.
You said, oh, we don't want that anymore.
We got something better. Great. Fine.
I hope it gets you a 30 share.
At least.
Absolutely.
Right, buddy.
If this person who doesn't, uh,
who keeps faxing things from the gad flyer,
doesn't stop them on blog.
About what? About the bill come on bush.
And you know, stuff we have, stuff we know.
Yeah, just fly away, gad fly.
Okay. Gad fly usually means fruit fly to me.
Probably a real fruit cake.
In fact, maybe he was in the back seat when Kamala was up there in the
Fort Pierce, where everything hello was.
Where was it?
Yeah, I think that's right.
Hey, might of way, do you hear about bill Kamala?
You people are pathetic, man.
Treads. He was crowd out there.
And though this was some big surprise.
But also I put it on the website today.
And we're still getting faxes about it.
About Miss Kamala.
Yep. And it's 14 year old son.
For any rate.
Preverson.
Is it well a son forever?
Well, the son is forever until it burns out.
Till it flames away. You know what I'm saying? The son is kind of...
FAMING!
Paul Krugman writes in the Times.
Well, let's get a couple of calls in. Maybe you're not.
I don't know. I have a lot of stuff here today.
The elections only a week away. And I know I take myself much too seriously to think I might change a couple of votes.
FUTURED MAN!
I'm going to give it my best shot.
On spite of all of this other crap going on around me.
It's like being in the middle of one of those hurricanes we just had.
You just continue moving straight along with your agenda man.
You don't be bothered by the crap on the right, on the left, behind you, on top of you, underneath you, over your head.
All of these things. You know what I'm saying?
All of these things.
Right. That's what I'm saying.
By management, Mr. Management, Miss Management, Miss Lackie, any of these people.
We got all chiefs and all bottle washers in that place.
That's the problem. All chiefs and all engines.
Paul Kroedman writes in the Times today, a culture of cover-ups.
This is so good man. It is award-winning. He's great.
He says, Aids Dejon Keri said if he wins a replaced porter, Misha Goss is head of the CIA.
Let's hope so. Mr. Goss has already confirmed the fears of those who worried about his appointment.
By placing Republican staff members from Capitol Hill in key positions and raising fears about a partisan purge.
But the flap over Mr. Goss is only a symptom of a much broader issue,
whether the Bush administration will be able to maintain its culture of cover-ups.
That culture affects every branch of policy, but it's strongest when it comes to these so-called war-on terror.
Although President Bush's campaign is based almost entirely on his self-proclaimed leadership in that war,
his officials have thrown a shroud of secrecy over any information that might let voters assess his performance.
Yesterday we got two peaks under that shroud.
One was the Times report about what the IAEA calls the greatest explosive bananzen history,
and Spadawad NBC is trying to say by the way today.
Ignoring the agency's warnings, administration officials failed to secure the weapon site Al-Kaka,
in Iraq, allowing 377 tons of deadly high explosive to be looted, presumably by insurgents.
The administration has tried to play down the importance of this loss, arguing that because Iraq was a wash-in munitions,
a few hundred more tons don't make much difference.
But aside from the potential use of them in nuclear weapons, the reason they were under COB for the war,
these particular explosives, unlike standard munitions, are exactly what a terrorist needs.
In foreign sources quoted by the Influential Nelson reports, they explosives from Al-Kaka,
are the primary source of the roadside and car bombs that have killed and wounded so many U.S. soldiers,
and thanks to the huge amount looted in a highly organized operation using heavy equipment,
the insurgents and whoever else have access to the Kaka material have enough explosives for tens of thousands of future bombs.
They got lots of Kaka, man.
If the administration had its way, the public would never have heard anything about this.
Administration officials have known about the looting of Al-Kaka for at least six months and probably much longer,
but they didn't let the IAEA inspect that site after the war and pressure the Iraqis not to inform the agency about the loss.
Now they say they didn't warn our, or want our enemies that is the people who stole the stuff to know what was missing.
The real reason, obviously, was that they wanted the news kept under wraps till October 2.
The story of the looted explosives has overshadowed another report that Bush officials tried to suppress this one about how the Bush administration let Al-Zakari get away.
An article in yesterday's Wall Street Journal confirmed and expanded on an NBC-Lighting Lose Report from March that asserted that before the Iraq War,
administration officials called off a plan to take that might have killed Mr. Zarkawi,
the terrorist now blamed for much of the mayhem in that country in his camp.
Sighting military officials, the original NBC report explained that the failure to go after Mr. Zarkawi was based on domestic politics.
The administration feared destroying the terrorist camp in Iraq, a part of Iraq not controlled by Saddam Hussein,
could undermine its case for war against Saddam.
The journal doesn't comment on this explanation, but it does say that when NBC reported correctly that Mr. Zarkawi had been targeted before the war, administration officials denied it.
One of the mistakes that the administration made, if partisan appointees like Mr. Goss continued to control the intelligence agencies, we may never know.
This is inspeculation. Mr. Goss has already involved in a new cover-up.
Last week Robert Sheer, the LA Times revealed existence of a devastating but suppressed report by the CIA's inspected general on 9-11 until...
And the public sits back...
And NBC says that the stuff wasn't there when we got to Baghdad and all this other crap.
But you know what, if we wouldn't have kicked the inspectors out, if we would have forced them to get out of there, they could have kept all these things secure like they were before the war.
We went barging in there on a war based on lies.
This president is like a week away from possibly very close to getting reelected and the meantime we ought to be getting impeached right now.
That's America for you. The rest of the world knows it. What's with you guys? What's the story there?
The whole rest of the world is onto it. Not America, baby, because the tomb is getting brainwashed by the right wing networks.
It's just a matter of degree. You've got the far right, the middle right, and the right light. Not the bright light, the right light.
Got it? Got it. Good.
How's my check coming? You think it's going to be there today? Because I'll tell you one thing. If the check ain't there today, you're on tomorrow.
Okay. That's for damn sure. No, no, seriously. It's getting to be an embarrassment and humiliating and degrading and just so unprofessional and so unbusiness like the idea that we got stories.
Instead of your money, here's some stories. They're very entertaining about the cat took a dump on it.
What's your name over there in Maria? I said a message, Maria, because I think she's got payroll diarrhea.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM when you shop for quality footwear, great selection and professional service. You are going to fall in love with Brandy Schuster. You never dream of shopping for shoes anyplace else because Brandy's has got people to treat you well. They give you personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit.
Great, unbeatable prices and the biggest selection of men's and women's name brand shoes you'll find anywhere in town. At Brandy's they got all the big names you love like rock ports, floor shine, SAS,
Spirit, Timberland naturalizer, all the other big names in the shoe binners. Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 every Sunday 10 to 5 and you'll find them in the same great location they've been serving up unbeatable deals for years now.
You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach. It's always well worth the trip. And don't forget this week is a great time again to get a great deal of Brandy's because take 50% off on all red tag men's and women's famous brands all throughout the store.
So be sure and get into Brandy's this week or visit them on a wicked worldwide web at Brandy's shoes dot com.
I just a second how come we saw that Gallup pool before in Florida that were showing the Bush 8 points ahead now it's showing the latest Gallup floor to pull 51 for Bush 51 for I see that's right 51 to 43 you see that.
Look at that that's the Gallup poll the other poll shows even Stephen.
Don't believe it.
Freedom comes about for those Iraqis.
From the point of a gun or spread not afraid.
Democracy that these Iraqis want to show desperate now.
Released to my college entrance you call.
Respect us.
Listen to it now.
Everybody happy to have the mimic.
For my computer just one being from me to wherever asujeer language.
Back to jump there.
Oh, they're leaving a lane of freedom.
It's a car bomb at a horn.
Bring a battle.
You more get true.
Anyway, 1132 at 562.
You see the Apollo poles, though, and Florida the average was bush 47, carry 40.
46. It is dead even Steven, baby.
I think they're going to be in for a big surprise like Jimmy Breslin wrote all the cell phone people, all the uncounted untabulated, unpooled people.
They're going to be turning up all this weekend and again next Tuesday.
Like Big Arnie showed up at the poles last night.
I haven't heard from Big Arnie in a coons age, you know what?
He faxes and says, I voted last night.
I waited two hours and ten minutes online just to get to the voting room.
Then another 20 minutes in there and you know what?
It was worth it.
Just like it said on your website, for hundreds of years,
our people have fought and died for the right to vote and be free to me.
Anyone who doesn't exercise the right to vote doesn't deserve to live in this country.
It's a great feeling to hit that vote button.
It's what America's all about.
Put your finger on it and hit it.
And the button too.
Smack it.
Here's a fact that says a very interesting scene at the Finns game on Sunday.
Now you see where this is from?
Yes.
University Donuts.
This must be from Kibba Bo campers' boyfriend over there at University Dodge.
Orpheus.
Though QIM is the official voice of the dolphins in Marlins,
under the jumbo tron at P.P. Park is a huge sign that says sports radio 790 ESPN.
Very interesting.
It says, I mentioned that yesterday because we had a call on that.
Also speaking of voting, yes, on Proposition 4, which you will on Tuesday,
or if you're voting ahead of time.
To allow slot machines only to these seven peri-mutuals in Dayton,
Rower County, not in any play-sales, not in the convenience stores,
drug stores, in your corner like supermarket, then it's going to happen.
It's prohibited by law and all the money by law.
See the way to do it is go on our website and see our votes on the various eight amendments.
Right.
And if you check out Prop 4, you can click on that one or any of the other ones
and read the thing in its entirety and it shows you that that money is earmarked specifically
for education for the state over and above all the current funding for education.
Unlike the lottery, which of course we all know was a big scam and a sham in a rip-off.
About the dogs, the dogs.
And what is that that we got there?
Boy, they got more polls.
The LA Times National poll shows carry 48, bush 48 or eight, likely voters.
And registered voters 47 or a dead even tie nationwide, the LA Times poll.
How do you know in that, what it figures?
Look at that.
Where's that Pennsylvania?
Now that's the nationwide.
Anyway, can I get back to this thing about Prop 4?
Okay.
But we see some pretty good propaganda here this morning.
The No On 4 Committee, which is the people trying to get you to vote against slots in the Appear Mutuals
and against all that money for education.
Also has a shady underside with ties to the gambling industry.
What is shock?
The firm contracted to perform the No On 4 Committee's legal work is none other than
Greenberg Trowrich, a firm notoriously known as a lobbyist for numerous Indian casinos.
Oh!
The firm's main lobbyist, Jack Abramoff, is currently the subject of an investigation by federal authorities, including the FBI,
as well a U.S. Senate Committee chaired by Senator John McCain as after him.
Abramoff has received over $45 million in payments from numerous Indian casinos for lobbying, worked on under behalf.
Huh!
Among the gaming interest representative Johnson has received money from our most notably,
the Seminole Tribal Florida, which contributed $250 to Johnson in 2002.
In addition, he has received campaign contributions from Florida Thurbera,
packed the Florida Greyhound Rhea Association and the CEO of Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines,
who ships featured numerous gambling activities.
On Randy Johnson and his ties to the gambling industry, the Sunscent will wrote,
then there is the hypocritical position of the chairman of No Casinos Inc. State Representative Randy Johnson.
He says he's opposed to gambling, but two years ago, received a $250 contribution
from the Hollywood-based Seminole Tribal Florida.
So he's opposed to gambling, but he'll take money from anybody.
How do you like that?
So it's just all a smokescreen, it's all a bunch of crap.
The Mickey Erisons of the World, the Indian, they all wanted for themselves,
as opposed to, and of course none of the money that they raised, not a dime of it,
goes into the state coffers, goes to health education, or any other damn thing.
Everyone, Mickey Erison went after a daddy died and left the $9 billion in Israel.
Yes.
Got on a plane and went to Israel to hop up that $9 billion in tax exempt tax-free funds there.
Nice going. He slept just to Mickey again.
Just like when he met behind closed doors with Mayor Pina Pakena.
Whatever the hell his name is.
Have to be careful these days.
Yeah, Mayor Pini Pakena, and cooked up that American Airlines,
Mickey Erison sweetheart, deal behind closed doors after the mayor got elected based on a lie
that he said, oh well, I'm not going to do that.
Speaking of right, something else.
What?
We got the hourly's coming at you.
A rich Sanchez?
The Daily Show is must-see TV for-
Well, that we know that.
Even rich Sanchez says the Daily Show is must-see TV.
I do like that.
Even a bozo like Ricky Tiki Sanchez knows that.
How do you like the hutspove of a clearance suggesting that I do two live spots in one break
to try to salvage them the money after they steal an hour from the show, after they stick a stab is in the back,
right through the heart, the back, the spleen, the liver, the-
Correct them.
That too.
Who are you, kiddin' Mr.?
What you people have done to this show and to our audience and all of us all around,
although, you know, like I said, I think an hour and a half sounds good.
As long as the paycheck shows up, see, it's not a great deal if the paycheck don't show up.
Then it's not any bargain.
How sure are you that your vote will count next week?
That's our pool question on neo-roger.com, our prestigious website.
George had a great description of our website this morning before the show.
He said it was like a- like a magazine.
An easy-n-e-news paper.
Right.
Like an e-magazine-slash-news paper or slash whatever.
With cartoons, with very important political stories, with the naked pictures,
which you won't find in most the-
They're the naked pictures, audio, video, right.
Updated daily.
That 9-11 pedagone strike, if everybody hasn't taken a look at that yet, you better get with it.
Now, let's see.
What am I looking at here?
Men, 2554.
Well, what does this tell me, though?
Well, that's the- that's the hourly.
Those are the preliminary hourlies as they're being generated.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, there you go.
So, our- by our summer book, six in the morning, 35334040.
And then 10 o'clock, 62655352.
Mad Dog with his two big hours as usual, 6161.
And that- the afternoons were done because the Humphor was not a good part of the time.
I don't want to see who was.
Do-do-do-do.
And again, he didn't- well, what can I say?
I don't want to get involved.
He's got his own story.
So there you go.
So let's see.
So we tend to two, love 94, 6, 2 and QM5, 7, men, 2554.
So we didn't make number one in 2554 in a summer climb.
We're number two, damn it.
Based on that horrendous September.
So now this doesn't- this gives us no information whatsoever.
Because what does that tell us is that George and yours truly,
who was on a couple of days a week, we were doing just fine and, you know,
like we did last summer.
And now all of a sudden we had this format change about August 17.
That's where it rains.
That's the Chiger and Wood pile that we need to take a puke at.
So this may be all very well and good, et cetera, and so on.
But it tells us absolutely nothing that we need to know badly, okay?
Because September just dragged us right down to the mud.
At any rate, 1041, I mean, that sound like a little worked up today.
If you know the grief and the aggravation that's serious,
that I go through with these people, it's unacceptable.
It's unbelievable.
You try to avoid them, mind your own business, come in every day, do a good show,
just ignore them, just live your life from a long distance, no less,
and you still can't do it.
Because they are purveyors of grief and volshipment.
That's what they specialize in.
Not paying people necessarily on time.
1142 at 560 WQM, hey, if your hair is on a way out, if it's already out, most of it.
If you look in the mirror and you wonder where the hell that big bald spot came from,
call our buddy the best in the hair business, Charles Alfieery,
because he'll make you look sensational.
Charlie's been helping the famous, the mediocre, the in between, the low lives over 30 years now.
It is 100% undetectable, I just like doing that.
The hair appears to be grown out of your scalp.
Charlie's work has guaranteed you try system for about 30 days.
A month.
And after a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
return it for a full refund, no questions asked.
Make that call today, look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again.
1-800-321-204-13.
Tell Charlie you heard about here on the world famous Nearoges show they used to really big big stuff
and get your special Q&A to turn it out of discount off the regular in one,
because it looks like for real.
You won't believe how great and young and much better you'll look after Charlie takes care of your head.
So, Call in day toll free 1-800-321-204-13 or check them on that wicked way that Charles Alfieery.com.
This is the real rushers exclusively on 560-2-8-8.
Alja Zira.
13-0-560-WQM, the highly weighted just unbeatable gym manager to the indefatigable whatever that means.
You manage, man, it's mad dog.
And the Humper at 4.
And then we got the big...
Oh!
That's 7-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
You won't find that in a weekly reader, I'll guarantee you that. You won't find that in a newsweek or time magazine. You won't find that in a Fudge report. I'm telling you right now.
Now, you just fast me the same five pages again that you fast me before. I have no idea why. I just want to know. That's their whole idea. The Democrats want to rock the vote and the Republicans want to block the vote.
Well, they're missing it. Let me tell you, there had to be at least 500 people in line this morning and 9 o'clock this morning.
Excellent. So, keep your fingers crossed. We're going to have some regime change in this country.
Okay, and don't forget, Friday, get back out there and do it again. Okay. Okay, pal.
Oh, well, this makes sure it counts at least once. Then at least they'll be able to say, well, fairly sure. I think my vote's going to count.
10 till no, and at 5.60 WQM, we got those September numbers yet or what? No.
That's as simple as taking out all of our is a week's eight working on it. They know all that is. You go in there weeks eight through 12.
That's just something you could do that. Like you could stick your finger inside somebody's earlobe.
And this is easily okay. Well, maybe you could. Well, no thanks. By the way, I appreciate this very nice apology letter for the person that.
From Bill Cammal, no, from the. Apologize, faxing all these Godflyer articles. Yeah, saying that they kept getting error messages.
So they're going to try it again. They weren't getting error messages. I keep canceling it. Yeah.
We don't watch your dad fly crap. Okay. You idiot. You lunatic. The only error is on your part. In fact, the only error was at birth for whoever you are.
Leave us alone. Quit wasting our goods. You idiot. You jackass. Doug Thompson, the rant on that website that George can't stand.
I have no idea why Capitol Hill blew. I guess they're not partisan enough for little George. He says, how many more have to die? Well, he says he's got his thumb right on it. He's good.
He says much has been said and written about the thousand plus Americans who gave their lives for an increasingly questionable war in Iraq.
But little attention has paid to the thousands upon thousands of Iraqis who die not only from American military action, but also with the hands of terrorists because their soldiers cannot protect them.
We don't know how many have died because the Pentagon cover up of what's really happening in Iraq prevents release of the death tolls of Iraqis either combat or civilian.
As the occupier of this foreign land, we have an obligation to protect the citizens, but we cannot. The execution of 49 recently trained recruits in the Iraqi National Guard underscores just how little control we have the situation in that beleaguered country.
And by the way, it was a allowable was just on there our handpicked stooge from the CIA and allow it was excoriating the lack of security there, which is being the reason why those kids got killed.
And of course, here they are on our marching through the desert in the middle of the daytime, and like sitting ducks with no security, nobody to protect them.
Anyway, Doug Thompson goes on to say, President Bush justified his invasion of Iraq on a number of lies.
Bush said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, he did not.
Bush said his administration had proof of a link between Hussein and the night of the attacks on America that proof didn't exist in the CIA since it has doubts that can never prove such a link.
And Bush said the invasion would free Iraqis from the tyranny of Saddam Hussein, it all would have been as replaced one form of tyranny with another.
An internal memo circulating at CIA headquarters in Langley says, more Iraqi civilians have died since the American invasion than died at the hands of Saddam Hussein over the past decade.
If the power of the American military cannot keep an occupied country safe, how can we believe Bush when he says America itself is safer today under his leadership?
We can't, Bush lies. That's a documented proven fact. His lives have cost more than a thousand Americans, their lives in an unnecessary war.
His lies have created more enemies of America and left this nation more vulnerable to attack, and his lies have divided this nation into a society where bitter partisanship has replaced love of country and political expediences of the truth for honesty.
Tyranny can come in many forms that can exist under many flags including an American one, how many more Americans and Iraqis have to die before we realize the real war criminal may live at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Now that's not a presidential endorsement of Kerry, but it certainly was close as Doug Thompson of Capitol Hill, blew his come to saying when it doubt, toss Bush out.
See what I'm saying? Yeah, I can't say it much more infatically than that.
Now how's that the September monthly coming?
No, I don't know why you're laughing. I want it now. I want it to be before the Bush administration intends to seek about $70 billion in emergency funding for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan early next year, pushing the total war cost close.
Now remember Kerry kept using that $200 billion figure to say, oh, you're exaggerating, pushing the total war cost close to $225 billion since the invasion of Iraq early last year. Pentagon and congressional officials said yesterday.
Not since so we attacked Afghanistan, but since we invaded Iraq last year, the Iraq attack.
White House budget office spokesman Chad Colton emphasized that final decisions on the supplemental spending request will not be made until surely before the request is sent to Congress.
That may not happen until early February when President Bush emits his budget fiscal 2006 God forbid he wins reelection.
But Pentagon and House appropriations committee aid said the Defense Department of Military Services are scrambling to get their final request to the White House offices of management and budget by mid-November shortly after the election.
The new numbers underscore that the war is going to be far more costly and intense and last a lot longer than the administration first suggested.
Oh, not another lie or miscalculation.
See if there's one thing I can't stand is liars.
People who lie through their teeth consistently, okay?
Because I have a message for all your little kids out there something to live by.
Keep these words right in the right in the palm of your head.
Okay? And that is this.
If you a man's word is no good, meaning man or woman of course, but we always say man because we're sexist bastards.
If a man's word is no good, then the man is no good.
Follow that. Is that difficult logic to understand? Read my lips. Follow my tongue. Look up my ass.
Okay? If a man's word is no good, then that man is no good.
In fact, to me, if a man's word is no good, that man is pure unadulterated. Right.
Not to mention any names, of course.
I'll see what are we doing here?
1156. We're trying to like to play a little catch up.
See that's a little subliminal care.
Everything again. Catch up. Teresa Heinz.
Carry. Heinz catch up. Of course, not that hunts. It's like water. Watery, you know?
What?
Do you ever use hunts catch up?
I have it. It runs. It runs.
It's right like snot. Oh man, you think it's catch up, but it's not.
Four minutes till noon at QAM.
Hey, if you want to know more, speaking of snot, following a low carb diet, then follow the best tasting largest selection of foods right to your nose at the lights of West Boka.
Does that make any sense to you?
I hope it does.
Whether you're starting or restarting the adkins, well, I'm a little worked up today.
We got those numbers yet.
Whether you're starting or restarting the adkins, the sugarbusters, the South Beach or any low carb sugar-free diet, the lights of West Boka continues to be unchallenged, the number one low carb store in South Florida, the entire area.
The people learn no low carb dieting inside and out.
And instead of just a few items on a shelf somewhere in the corner of the store, like your supermarket, ask for low carb dieters, they've got an entire store.
Over 1200 products dedicated to you with some taste and variety, things like carbolite ice cream, bread, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies, and lots more.
The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m. and you'll find them on the C-A-R-B, around the web, it's lowcarb.com, also with A-W.
Don't forget there's only one Delice West Boka and it's your official adkins retail center.
You will listen to Neil Rogers.
It's good to play on 5.60.50.
Q-A-M
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q-A-M.
The
Desk Red Full Changing
I went online.
I emailed the dominant tricks.
Now everything is fine.
I make it in a dungeon made for slaves.
I give it when I have missed the hate.
Just to prove that she is my master, a pang and by my testicles for her.
Welcome.
The little wheels are painful when they're all my bugs.
When that pain is enough then when you're hanging from your nuts and I've been hanging from them.
I'm from my testicles for days.
Now I'm both a rotten and decayed.
Just to prove that she is my master.
You went letter saying almost 350 metric tons of high explosives went missing from an Iraqi base after the war.
White House spokesman Scott McClellan said there was no risk of nuclear proliferation because of the theft.
It's become a big election issue after President Bush was accused of incompetence by Jordan and John Kerry.
Meanwhile some US media reports have queried if the theft happened before US troops arrived at the base in Al-Qaqqa.
NBC television reported that one of its correspondence was embedded with the 101st Airborne Division which temporarily took control of the base.
April 10, 2003 but didn't find any of the explosives.
However, boys and girls.
However, other US outlets including NBC's own news website quoted Pentagon officials who set a search of the site after the US-led invasion had revealed the explosives to be intact.
So they tried to give a solid a dance to make up a... you know, they probably threatened to shoot the peacock.
They threatened especially after NBC's exposed the thing about the Al Zakawi and the fact that they could have had him any time they wanted and taken him out.
But that would have been bad for not just defying and baiting Iraq.
But I'm going of this illegal unjustified war based on lies.
I mean, how much evidence does it take to convince some of you dunderheads out there that you've got a president and a bunch of Nazis around him or a bunch of freaking liars who are making your kids into human sacrifices?
How much does it take? How many times do we have to tell you?
Now we'll work on it between now next week.
How's that pull coming? Don't let me get so hysterical.
Okay, calm down.
Okay, no. Now, where's those numbers?
I don't understand why you keep laughing. This is not a laughing matter. This is very, very urgent.
Urgent, huh? As foreigner would say, urgent. I might just play that. In fact, I think I'm going to play that until I get the numbers.
All right. I mean, it's not a big deal. I'm just going to play this.
Until we get to the number two September.
Yeah, we'll go on strike.
That was wrong with you.
Tell you one thing. It's a good thing for them. We got this election coming up Tuesday because from now on from here on in I want to play butch midday guy.
But from now on, any air for every day that my paycheck is late, I'm taking seven days, the sick days.
Got it? Sure. That worked. Threaten them with me.
Oh, they hate you. I know. Even though you did a fine job during the summertime.
That's all my fault until they change the format.
How sure are you that your vote will count next week? That's our poll question. 398 votes.
Some what you're 106 as in that comes. He comes.
So men's a men's a house. Have serious doubts. 94.
About third man.
73. 100% sure. 59. That's what we like.
Don't know. 44. I can't vote 10. I don't give a shmit nine. And I won't vote only three. Well, that's good.
That is good. Well, there's that report. Bush wants more troops and more money and more yadi yadi yadi.
And again, they lie like crazy and they totally miscalculated and they've got us into a quagmire.
As a matter of fact, I should have started. I usually start out with the dead, the troops.
Bombings struck four coalition in Iraqi military convoys in a provincial government office yesterday killing at least eight people including another area.
Coming just one day after the body is in nearly 50 Iraqi military recruits were found massacred.
The bomb has occurred as a UN agency confirmed that several hundred tons of explosives were missing from a former Iraqi military depot in an insurgent hot spot south of Baghdad.
The revelation raised concerns the explosives fell into the hands of insurgents who staged a spate of bloody car bombings, although there was no evidence to make the missing explosives directly at the attacks.
But the likelihood is they're using all these munitions to kill our people and anybody else there they don't like who doesn't win can't.
Who doesn't pay them off? Maureen Dow had a great calm. Yes, they never got a router meeting it, but I am today. I got a lot of stuff.
We'll take another call or two here and there like WQA and hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing?
Okay. The tactics that these the referances are doing are like a rat, you know, that's cornered against the wall, you know, that's scared of the desperate desperation. That's why that's why Chinese running around saying, oh, if Kerry gets in, everybody's going to get new, you know, all this crap.
Right. I called you a couple of weeks ago telling you about what the National Rights Committee was doing with Kerry's stand on abortion.
Yeah. And yesterday I got a call from a lady that was organizing for the media, for the media to go interview the Swiss boat veterans that they were here in Tia Lilla.
Good place for them.
Yeah. And today I get an email that they were going to be in for a lot of them. Yeah. And it was funny because I told now it's going to go to the meeting, you know, just to, you know, see what they would do. And then they come back over with Mr. Rodriguez. Are you going to be back, you know, to meet up and stuff?
No, I can't make it. And then they're like, we'll go where you are. Where are you? You know, like, you know, try to like see if everybody drama support, but they want you, man.
Yeah. Next thing, you know, Bill, come on. I'll be calling for you. I'll let you. Good luck, you pal. He's the old cooking his own ghost marine doubt rights. And yet another attempt to prove the George W. Bush that he's man enough to run this country.
John Kerry made an animal sacrifice to the political gods in the cornfield of Eastern Ohio last week.
Four dead geese are not too high a price to pay for a few rural blue collar votes in the swing state, as long as Mr. Kerry doesn't slip and ask Theresa to puree the carcasses into four grong.
Tramping about in the camouflage costume and totalling a 12 gauge double barrel shotgun that's reached, I am not a more low loving breed eating sharshetely and marrying dilatant.
The Democratic nominee emerged from his shooting spree with three fellow hunters proclaiming everybody got one. Everybody got one showing off a hand stained with goose blood.
One of my first presidential trips was going to Texas one weekend to cover Ronald Reagan, hunting with James Baker at Mr. Baker's ranch.
President Reagan came back proudly empty handed. He didn't want to shoot any small animals. He had his faults, but he never overcompensated on macho posturing, thinking that blowing away a flock of birds and borrowed camouflage for the cameras or bombing a weakened dictator, then sashing in top gun gear for the cameras would give him more brass.
Just as W needed to shock an odd approve he was no wimp, Mr. Kerry needed to shoot and eat. As Jody Wilgerin wrote in the Times, a Kerry aid assured reporters that two of the birds would soon be sent back to Mr. Kerry for consumption.
The Senator is desperately trying to prove his regular guide him. He's using more contractions and dropping G's, T's and N's as Mrs. Wilgerin points up, and he drank Budweiser with his male aides while watching a Red Sox game when you know he was dying for an imported beer.
Democrats have been panting to get a gun to their nominees hands for a month now. Apparently three purple hearts of silver star and a bronze star in Vietnam combat, hard enough even for Mr. Kerry, who seemed to agree with the Vietnam invading president and vice president that he has to prove he would be tough as tough on national securities they've been.
That wouldn't seem to be hard given that Mr. Bush and Cheney were the guys who were in charge when the CIA warnings came true and been lawden struck in the US, given that they let us some on his top yet to slip away at Torah Borah, given that they had a war in Iraq over imaginary weapons,
and given that they still don't even admit that their belligerents and bullying have spawned a large insurgency movement in Iraq and caused a recruitment swell for Islamic terrorism.
W and Dick Cheney like being seen as huge beasts throwing its weight around. That was the whole point of whacking Sodom. The pair immediately began their beeps and butt heads snickering and snaring at the Democratic's, Democrats camouflage costume.
The vice president is right that Mr. Kerry can't compete in the arena of power hunting when Mr. Kerry goes only the birds are in danger when Mr. Cheney and his pal Antanine Scalia go duck hunting together, the Constitution is in danger.
Even as they mock the Democrat for trying to be macho with a wildlife tablo, the Republicans were trying to be macho with a wildlife tablo.
The Bush Cheney campaign began showing a new ad on Friday aimed at scaring up more votes.
It meant to be a chilling cross between the Wolfen and the Blair Witch Project, the ad plays more like a cross between a Sierra Club promotion and Lassie.
The wolves stalking around the forest are not meant to evoke scary-pull wolfowuts and the Neocons stalking around the Pentagon plenty more mischief.
They're supposed to be the al-Qaeda terrorists stalking America, even though they look too cuddly for the narration that ominously warrants in an increasingly dangerous world, even after the first terrorist attack on America,
John Kerry and the Liberals in Congress voted to slash America's intelligence operation by $6 billion, cuts so deep they would have weakened America's defenses, and weakness attracts those who are waiting to do America harm.
One Kerry age oak to reported that the Democrats should do a response ad when Mr. Kerry comes into the forest in a camouflage jacket and shoots the wolves.
Why not? A few more dead animals might do the trick for him.
Hi, Skoll and Marine, you go, girl.
The Yorker magazine has an endorsed presidential candidate in 80 years. Guess what?
What? They did? In fact, the article is so long it's about 400 pages, seven pages. It's on our website. I'm sure you're not going to even try to read it.
They endorsed John Kerry this time, the Yorker magazine?
I'm not going to try to read any of it because you know me. I'll get emotional and get straight away. I'll start trying to read the whole damn thing, which I don't want to do.
We got time, man. We only got an hour and 48 minutes left. But who's counting? We got those numbers yet? No. Why? I don't know.
Maybe they're holding onto them. Maybe they don't want to. All you need is the last weeks eight through 12. That's all you need.
The last four weeks they separate the moon how it works. Weeks one through four, five through nine and whatever eight, whatever the hell it is.
Man, what a place. 1213, a QA and IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can never really forget about your IRS problems as they come back each day when you wake up in the morning.
CPAs, any buck wall in the buck wall tax firm will have any of your IRS problems forever. Give you back peace of mind.
That's why other top CPA law firms are further plans to the buck wall tax firm when they have IRS problems. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Suppose you have an IRS lien, wage levy, old payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you owe or you need time to pay whatever the deal is in your case.
The buck wall tax firm can help. They offer you a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you'll never have to meet with the IRS because the buck wall tax firm handles all meetings and discussions. You don't even have to go.
Call 954-275-2800. Whether you owe a 10 grand, a million anywhere in between whatever it is in IRS taxes, the buck wall tax firm can pay your ass out.
Call them today for your free consultation. 954-575-2800 or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS coming up and at your door.
Call them today, 954-575-2800.
You are listening to Neil Roger Day exclusively on 516-30-30.
I'm the true Hollywood celebrity music program if you profile story. He was just too damn handsome to stay famous for too long. He was criticizing.
There was just something about Chris Isaac.
Sorry, I split off my seat there.
Dr. Linda Needsaboke. Is it research?
He left.
Whoa! Sorry. Look, there's no point in my getting back on the chair. It's just going to happen again.
The point is with Chris, you can just pop in that CD and hear that voice and you freaking mouth.
Make me dream of you.
Oh!
According to Dr. Needsaboke, men became so threatened by their women's enjoyment of Chris Isaac that they sent out subtle brainwave messages saying Chris Isaac was no longer welcome in the home.
Jews saved their relationships the women stopped buying Chris's records. Sorry Chris, please forgive us.
Oh God!
Oh yeah!
Chris Isaac. A voice that can bring a woman to her knees. I know how he feels.
Get it, ladies. It's a big, juicy, sapping-wet-looking chill business. Tonight, I'm inside the buying.
Yeah, like Miss Kamal would say, feel this. Okay, it's 12.19.05.60 WDQAM.
So guess what?
What?
Remember, I told you moments ago that that Gallup poll, which only talks to Republicans and other people, look farther, right?
Who leaned little to the right?
They said that Bush was eight points ahead of Kerry and the latest Florida poll. Well, guess what? The American Research Group, which shows Kerry had now in Pennsylvania by three points,
a couple of points ahead in Ohio, their Florida poll taken Saturday, Sunday, and yesterday shows the Florida vote to be Kerry 49, Bush 46, and 8 or 1%.
Huh. So you see, this is part of a propaganda that Gallup has been famous for for years and other partisan organizations on the extremes of either side.
And that is to come up with all these skewed polls. And it's already widely known. I don't even know how to help us.
I guess CNN doesn't care about their credibility. They want to continue being Fox Light.
Speaking of Fox Light, I wish we had time to play this.
Nothing else.
From CBC.
Careful.
Otherwise, we won't have to say it.
Jesus Christ.
You won't step. How was it?
9-11 was a unifying phenomenon in the States.
Europeans may say the American presses under control.
It's too patriotic and so forth.
But terrorism was something that had never happened in the States.
From an American point of view, they had experienced an act of war.
As such, everyone from journalists to ordinary citizens discovered their Americanists on 9-11.
Americans had become infected with this disease of nationalism and blind patriotism,
which ultimately is about self-exaltation.
From 9-11 on, the American press suddenly had to be the super patriots or patriots anyway.
And they were afraid of being called un-American, un-patriotic.
A lot of television companies felt pressure from their management and from people who work in them.
Not so much the networks themselves, but some of the others and some of the smaller groups to be more patriotic.
The press went into a coma.
And any kind of questioning of the enterprise against Afghanistan against Iraq became a kind of defiling of the memory of those who have been killed.
So yes, we did suffer a horrible tragedy and a crime against humanity.
But it was manipulated and used as these things often are by the war makers.
And by the way, this is a tour of the end of this, which I'll play it later in a week.
The whole thing from the CDC, from Pact and I, the US media of Blues,
about how the media just totally caved into the Bush administration.
But there's a great segment on air about the toppling of the statue in Iraq and about it was media staged.
And about how there was almost nobody there that they remember, but that excerpt from one of the 85 books that I've been reading.
Anyway, speaking of polls, which I just did, Democratic nominee John Kerry holds a one-point lead over President Bush Nation,
why, according to the latest, ABC tracking poll released yesterday, which CNN don't seem to impress with, I guess.
The telephone survey of likely voters from October 21 to 24 showed 49% for Kerry, 48% for Bush, meaning it's as even as it gets, it all depends on who shows up.
And how many times we can vote?
Some of the polls released by ABC during the previous week, they showed Bush 49, Kerry with 48.
So it's kind of a flip flop, if I can say that. Can I say that?
No.
The ABC poll, Iodia, Iodia, Iodia, they had a margin of error plus or minus 2 and a half points.
So in other words, it is dead tight.
They'll believe this saw advance with a gallup.
All the Bush's nine points ahead. He's eight points.
Yeah, right. You should live so long.
And then we actually, we have the chart.
Did we put that on the website? Josh, the chart with that poll? No, actually, I did. We did not.
No, well, that's okay. I'll get it back because they changed it every day.
56670560, I feel compelled to spirit of Christ.
It compels me to take just a couple of calls, but we have heavy duty stuff, including some stuff from move on.org about things that people can do
and things that are coming up this week and places you want to be, et cetera.
56670560, pound 560 and leave a horizon and singular wireless lines.
WDQA Am, hello.
Any new? How's it going?
All right.
Hey, listen, a lot more way to go boat early. I'm voting for Kerry.
But help me out with the other issues.
I'm not asking you to follow your footsteps.
But what am I looking at here? These propositions?
Can you just give me a quick overview?
Benny, any cash there for Senate? Don't forget for Rob.
Yeah, very cash, yeah.
And the eight amendments, it's no, no, no. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
And no more push.
Right, there you go. No one of first three. Yes, not all the other ones.
Hey, well, I got a friend of mine. It's a thought there and he keeps trying to convince me about push.
And I just told him, tell me one thing this guy is done, and I'll vote for him.
And he can't tell me anything.
Yeah, well, in the end of the day, that's why all he keeps doing is attacking Kerry and talking about how liberal he is. He's a bad man.
Yeah, well, they bring up things like from like 20 years ago, like he's told me something.
He said he's in a red soft game and he wasn't there when I mean, I was like, what does that have to do?
He said he was at the red soft game with block there, you know, blew that error.
I was like, what does that have to do with anything?
Yeah, tell him both this.
That's what I said.
Come out, pal.
Okay, and find a new doctor while you're at it.
Anyway, Adam Rubin from MoVon.org says,
Last presidential election, 80 million eligible voters never went to the polls, including thousands of sunrise and Laudahill voters.
We can't afford to let anyone sit this one out. Our futures are at stake.
This Thursday, October 28, we're going out, we're going out walking in the most important sunrise Laudahill neighborhoods to talk to people who are likely to oppose Bush, but don't generally vote.
We can beat Bush and Florida.
And like I said, the latest American research poll shows Kerry three points ahead.
But we need Kerry supporters to turn out in droves and whether you're help we can make it happen.
Will you join us, please?
We'll kick off at the Starbucks at the intersection of Springtree and University with a quick training.
Then we'll fan out across Sunrise and Laudahill and make sure our friends, families and neighbors are ready to vote November 2.
At the training move on, staff will explain how 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATR-R-E-S.
You are the things that meal Rogers and Scores have.
I'm not leaving.
2-800-MATRUS, 5-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-M
Rppstan Tech, Deception, 160-B
You gladly follow fly
Welcome
Hey, I'm gonna stand up to a parade
See fire or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist and my flag will fly
From the back of my truck
Not gonna be on a pseudo patriotic
Stop what I said!
And my view of the full ride world is what I see on Fox News
Yeah, I'm an armed chair warrior
You know it's better than you
Oh
I'm an in-bred jerk who parrots anything they say
Don't have to read or search it's so much easier this way
You watch TV or looking pictures in USA today
With my I made just not what I think as I check on my brain
You fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist as I lower my
So I can pull on my
So long as I
Know's better than you
I'm going to have to go to the next station.
I'm going to have to go to the next station.
I'm going to have to go to the next station.
I'm going to have to go to the next station.
These are the things that you just asked me.
This is one of the great indictments in the history of mankind.
Turn these over to Elliot Spitzer, okay?
More to spit on him.
More to come, by the way, he's going to do all the way through two to three
so that we can compare them all.
Who's he? He, Josh and, uh, high boy together.
Everyone else looked a lot so...
Everybody else left?
For lunch, you know, it's lunchtime.
Oh, that's right. It's 1234 already.
We only have an hour and 26 minutes to go, but who's counting?
Anyway, have you looked at these?
I'm looking at them now, right?
Six to seven a.m.
This is the last four weeks of this summer rating book,
which includes, um, all Howard Stern, okay?
You got it? I got it.
WDQM was 14th in men 25 to 54.
That's our main demo with a three-one share.
14th.
Wow.
In the, uh, seven to eight hour,
we were also 14th.
There were, uh, 13th with the three-one share.
Nothing like consistency.
In the eight o'clock hour, we dropped to number 21 with a two-two.
And you want to know why?
Part of the reason why?
Because during the, when a first one on the year,
Joe Rose was doing like eight to 11,
instead of like nine to 11, which he's doing now on Waxi.
So we had a two-two, we were number 21.
Waxi, which, uh, quite frankly, is a station
I'd know, but it never even showed before,
was number four with a five-one.
You got that one good.
Five-one, two-two.
Uh, uh, uh.
Uh, in the nine o'clock hour,
I, I seriously, even though I just had bacon this morning,
it's pretty hard to throw up bacon.
I'm just gonna do it.
In fact, maybe I'll just drop some bacon bits on here.
In the nine o'clock hour, Waxi again with a four-four,
and WQAM, dropping to number 22,
with a 1.3 share.
Yeah, I see it, too.
It's not a typo.
Now then, at 10 o'clock,
we make somewhat of a comeback
for to number 10 with a four-three.
Although, Waxi's still got a four-four.
So in other words, we're coming back under and part of that 10 o'clock hour.
Get back up to a four-three, which usually in the first hour,
we have like, uh, somewhere between the eight and the ten-share.
Yeah, right, right.
In fact, if you look at the total summer book in those first two hours,
there's still the two biggest hours on the station.
In spite of, in other words, we would have just
buried as far as being number one.
We'd have buried, if it weren't for that change of the format
in the last month of the book.
I think the bonus is ought to be based on the first two months.
Oh, it's only.
Well, what do you mean if only?
This is like sabotage. This is unacceptable.
They change the format.
They're all sports. They're sports this.
They're raw raw sys boom bod.
They're running around.
They're all under pom-bombs.
Little Maddie Bell is running around.
It would rape Harry doing a squared ants.
Or sports hot shots.
We changed the format out of nowhere.
Which, like I said yesterday, 99% of the people under the age of a hundred
were almost never listening to AM radio anyway.
And have we promoted it?
No. Are there billboards? No.
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
I think there was one newspaper ad now was it.
And like most people don't even know what Stern is on.
Plus, of course, then you look at the other aspects of which I don't want to get into.
In fact, let's take a look also.
Let's see about PBZ if they show up in those hours.
Because if they do, I'm going to just make guttable sounds until two o'clock.
You know, PBZ, the buzz, I don't think they will.
Huh?
Let's see, are you looking?
I'm looking. You find them.
No. No. What's in that bill?
Well, how's that possible?
How did they have a one-nine in men and they don't show up at all?
You see what I'm saying?
Unless they're not including here. I just don't understand.
Don't get it. I don't know.
Maybe we got the wrong callators. Is that possible?
It's possible. I don't know if they are.
And then how did party radio go from nowhere to number one in the afternoon?
First of all, we got a focus correct callators.
What? PBZ?
Yes.
Well, they're not on here.
No.
I don't see any Palm Beach stays. Maybe that's the deal.
Maybe in these, in this particular thing, they don't show any of the out of market stations.
I have no idea.
Because it's not one of the Dayton-Broward stations.
But I don't see them at all.
So anyway, there's the bad news is that we really got screwed in tattooed and that barring some miraculous comeback.
Barring the fact that the word is all over the streets and people are running around with bull horns and they're going to catch on.
That's right.
What?
Might take a year or two.
What do you mean year or two, 15 months?
He's leaving commercial radio and he's going to get serious.
And in the meantime, like I said, any day in Fennity could pull a plug and say,
guess what? Have a great life. Bye-bye.
Wouldn't be the first time.
I doubt that that's going to happen, but it could.
And what do we do then?
We drop back 15 yards and punt. What do we do then?
Absolutely.
Well, we always got people waiting in the back.
Yeah, like you said.
Point in the weeds.
Right.
Here's another move on that, the word thing.
It says in 2000, Carl Roeve launched an ambitious study to determine why George Bush had him won the popular vote.
The study concluded that Republicans had underperformed in the last 72 hours of the last two elections.
And that they were especially bad.
The face-to-face get out the vote activities that the Democrats did well at.
I still can't get over 221-3.
Do you realize that a 1-3 on this radio station is about as close to turning off the transmitters you possibly can come?
I'd like the good old days.
Good old days of what?
Of, you know, pre-neil, Christina Moran, and the most of that's the no-show.
And whatever, you know.
Oh my god.
1-3.
What are we talking about, baby?
This is just absolutely...
And unacceptable.
Nice going, Greg, baby.
You keep doing it.
You just keep changing that format every couple of days, okay?
Because that's what the audience likes is, lack of consistency.
That's what they really can relate to, like never having any idea what time this show starts, what, who's on first, who's on second.
Let's get out of it and cast out.
Let's dig them up.
To give the lineup every day.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
By the way, did you hear about Miss Kamal?
Huh?
No.
20-1 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you right now about my good friends at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach.
With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently, they helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy it happen.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach.
You can call them toll free at 1-800-734-6616.
Whether you're looking for an interest only loan, a 30-year fixed rate?
About 30, man.
One of the many low rate adjustable mortgages, Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach has exactly what you need.
They offer payments as low as $332 for every 100 grand you borrow.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach can make it happen for you too, and not only will they make your mortgage happen, they will even send you on a cruise too.
That is correct.
After closing your loan with Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach, you can choose one of six different seven-night cruises,
compliments of Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
Call them now toll free at 1-800-734-6616.
Whether you want to buy a new home and investment property, just refinance your current mortgage.
These are the folks you want to do business with on the web at Guaranteed MortgageBankers.com or make that call 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dear Field Beach where you'll be treated just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
I supported Bush after that project day and to my surprise this custom shame. He let those soldiers in the lady get away and shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein.
According to an internet posting by the militant group the answer Al-Suna Army, the posting include the names of all 11.
Prime Minister Al-Away blamed the coalition for poor security in Saturday's ambush about 95 miles east of Baghdad.
It was a heinous crime where a group of national guards were targeted. He said there was great negligence on the part of some coalition forces.
It seemed there was some sort of determination of doing Iraq and Iraqi people harm.
No. That's a little understatement there, huh? I mean why should they have had the armed security there regarding them on their way back home, huh? Right. That would have been a bad move, I guess.
Well they could have given them guns since they were trained military. No, they weren't ready for that yet.
Katrina Vandenhovel, the editor of the Nation writes, the November Surprise question marks she says, with eight days to go before a lesson day,
it's the November Surprise that we need to worry about. Every day brings reports of voter intimidation and suppression in the key battleground states.
Our front page story in Saturday's New York Times reported that the Republican Party has registered thousands of people to serve as partisan vote challengers at Ohio polling places and what they say is an effort to prevent voter fraud.
Meanwhile, the Columbus Dispatch reported that based on a mailing to newly registered voters, the GOP plans to challenge 35,000 voters in an effort to keep them from the polls.
This disturbing news from Ohio puts to the potential for massive voter disenfranchisement in November and additional confusion in chaos at the polls in this key swing state and others like Michigan, Wisconsin and Arizona that have seen huge increases in voter registration.
Based on the lessons of history said Ralph needs president of people for the American way, this isn't an effort to prevent voter fraud. It's an effort to prevent voting.
It's an effort to keep people away from the polls by creating confusion, congestion, chaos. That's un-American. He says it's un-American.
What is so threatening about 10,000 new voters coming to the polls doesn't democracy work best when more people vote not fewer. Obviously voter fraud must not and should not be tolerated, but there is no evidence of massive voter fraud in this country.
Instead, there is evidence of massive voter disenfranchisement.
Last August, New York Times columnist Bob Herbert, who closely monitors voter suppression efforts because he's dark, I guess, reported a conversation with a member of Florida's GOP establishment who admitted an open secret.
He said a Democrat can't want to stay wide election in Florida without a high turnout of African-Americans. It's no secret that the name of the game for Republicans is to restrain that turnout as much as possible.
Just like they were talking about restraining the dark vote and detract, remember that in Michigan? Yes.
Well, the election just a week from tomorrow, a week from today now, polls show Carrie and Bush still neck and neck. Will the country wake up November 3rd with a national nervous electoral breakdown? In a smart piece in the independent Andrew Gumball wonders whether the election 2004 could just as easily produce a series of knockdown dragout fights in several states at once, making the debacle in Florida four years ago looking red for respect like the Constitutional Equivalent of a Tea Party.
And it seems appropriate that John Dean, the Watergate Error Council, who knows a few things about electoral dirty tricks has issued the starkest warning about what the country may face. Only a miracle that strikes me, Dean, wrote in a piece that zoomed around the Internet on Sunday, can prevent the election from descending into post-election chaos.
PSS Katrina, the best defense against voter suppression is to flood the polls as Jim Hightower says there are only so many votes that can prevent or steal a massive voter turnout, who are overwhelmed their profitee, even if you don't know what that means, okay? Got it? Got it. In other words, vote, roll it often. How is that poll coming? How's the confidence level of this crowd? How sure are you that your vote will count next week? We got 670 votes? So much here 175.
Have serious doubts, 159.
But third, man.
121. 100% sure 103. Don't know 80. Don't give a Schmidt 13. Can't vote 13 and won't vote 6.
I guess they don't give a Schmidt and won't vote crowd. Those are ones who called his last hour. Probably this hour too. Let's get them all on.
56670560, 0560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines. Line 9 is always good. QA Am hello.
Hey, don't. Okay. I just thought I would flush my vote down. I told you why don't you? Yeah, okay. Good. How about flushing yourself down there too while you're at it? Just hop in. WDQ AM. Hello.
QA Am. Any idea? Okay. Did you see what Senator Lino Hampton said in the microphone said the other day? Senator Lino Hampton?
Yeah, he said. Well, it ain't even about that.
WDQ AM. Hello. Mirror mirror on the wall. Who's been molested by Bill C'mon? WDQ AM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Listen. I'm going to I'm going to early this year just to avoid the rush.
What's up? I'm going to rush. She's away from rush. Away from the I've been in the
Cotten. Let's. If the polls get to the point where there's so many people, they just leave the polls open or is there a
debt sign where they close the polls and if you're online at 7 p.m. and a polls close, you can vote if you're online.
If you're in line, even if the line is all the way outside the building, what not? That is absolutely correct.
Okay, just wondering. Okay. Have a good one, Neil. Let's go. What happened to my spots here?
Don't tell me I threw out some spots. That would be good. One in a rage and a pit of peep. No, no, I'm just talking about my accident, not in a pit of peep.
Well, let me take a look at my book here. Take a look at the book. Yeah, well, here's one of them right here. That's good.
Well, we can't afford to be doing that, especially with this new format we got now. We're like, you know, we have to
make a whole hour. Here's one of these. Here's one of those. I think we're all set. Do you like it?
Oh, what a joke, man. What a freaking joke. This radio station is. We had it going, baby. We were kicking ass. We had the world by the balls.
And then, oh, no, we can do better than that no matter what it is. We can do better. Let's change it all around. Let's confuse the hell out of everybody.
Those people that are on the payroll payment. Right. 5 6 7 0 5 16. These calls are so good today. I want to get in about 20,000 maybe even more 30,000 between now and two o'clock.
Might even get a woman on there, but I doubt it. Wtc. We am. Hello. Yes, sir.
Oh, by your early area. Hey, listen, I tell you a quick story. And I do have a question for you. The story is about voting yesterday, which I did in Pomfano Beach.
The line was about an hour long. I was at the end of the line and a woman comes back to say, is there anybody here that speaks Spanish?
And I don't speak Spanish. I said, why? You know, what you speak Spanish? We can also Spanish. Fish age. You can just get up there and vote.
And I said, wait a second. John Kerry in English is the same as John Kerry in Spanish. Maybe it's one Kerry. But I said, OK, I'll vote. So me and a couple other people that do other speak Spanish. I don't speak Spanish.
And the amendments are all the same in order. So what I'm saying to people is if you're on a long line and you can understand any Spanish whatsoever, you've got your votes. You know, you've got the piece of paper that you know, which person you're voting for for, which district of which amendment. It's all the same. It's just a meant for you to go on.
I think I think NO and SI are fairly, you know, NO and NO are pretty much the same. No. No. I mean, it was the one final question. Would you be in up in Toronto when the hot season being for all test of purposes? Can't so what are the newspapers been saying up there? Are there this voice people?
What they're saying is what are we going to talk about? Really? Because they're not going to happen, man. It's about 99% sure. They're going to be get. Bedman's going to announce very soon that they're going to cancel the whole season. He's a total idiot. He's destroyed the league and.
Yeah. Good luck to us all. Yeah. And the worst part of it is that almost nobody south of the border gives a crap. Yeah. Well, I mean, some of us do. All right. Take it easy, man. Bye bye. And you too. Now, in fact, they took a nationwide poll here. The side be people, as a matter of fact, I guess they have nothing else important to do. They took a poll a few days ago in the US about the hockey lockout and how many people in the US care 6% said that they're very concerned about it and that 56% didn't even know there was a lockout. You got that? Yeah. I mean, I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not
going to say that. I'm not going to say that. Kotl I have to say. How about, they mean in particular what I do for product the side be careful. I look at them, they mean. I do really, very efficient process I perceive the layparking
because they're having such an overwhelming they expect such an overwhelming
vote next week
you're asking the carry people the voters people vote for carry the vote on
Tuesday
the people are going to vote for Bush to vote on Wednesday
that's a great idea all your Bush people are there wait till Wednesday that's a
very good idea
in fact seeing that hockey pool made me think of those great shows that you
talk me into having a rim around all those times that was really good
those were great and everybody that survived that
i'll tell you one thing though it made the phone ring like crazy
, it had them phones ringing off the hook baby
what the hell was i thinking about man you talk about a crazy person i must be
out of my mind
ever seen me and john heavy together
he's uh... he's mean just before i gained weight
have a fee crazy i must be not exactly
hockey show as well. Thank God the rumor ran away with Chris Columbus. You know it's the end of the month
and I was the time to save like never before Armstrong Ford or homestead. They got to clear out all remaining old force to make room for the
2005 and you'll save like never before on all remaining old force and stuck ready for immediate delivery and all the old
Fives are in ready to roll right out plus for a limited time get 0% five lots of Armstrong Ford or homestead are jammed
and more old Fives are arriving each and every day. They're cutting prices now and you're going to save a ton.
Armstrong Ford offers more value to you when you buy your Ford there you get their exclusive like I always tell you tires and batteries for
life program. You may think you're here and wrong but it's true to give you tires and batteries for life. If you've been wanting a new
car but you've been putting it off now is a really smart time to buy David rich in the staff at Armstrong Ford or homestead will guarantee you the best
prices and don't forget because they're locally owned and operated they want to treat you just like family. You won't get a better deal
on a Ford anywhere in town. I'll bet Greg's life on it right now. No bait and switch. No flow any deals. Armstrong
Ford or homestead the ratio 725 South Dixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the old 836 check them on the
web Armstrong cars dot com but be sure to drive a little and save thousands on your new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
You're listening to meaningful Neil Rogers exclusively on 560.
The leader is dumb and Dave wants that is dumb.
That's a good name.
Oh, she's why we so we're here now. Looks like the Quaker rose guy.
Somebody Yan &
five
it's happen we back
.

And she raised for her 8th and 8th, she controls me
And takes her bridge to an A-Wire
Who says they want no voice?
What's like she's carrying an apple in more between her thighs and eyes?
Are they found in eyes?
And she hasn't seen her before
And if he's always surprised, he's wimble when she talks
Love and push and money fell to nine
She gave us your voice and said push, not something
W-Q-A-M, hello
Yes sir
I just want to vote with an Aps and T-Ballet
I know how that works
You know what happened? They sent me the full ballot which surprised me and I got it in less than a week's time
What do you mean it surprised you?
I didn't think I was going to get it until maybe two days before the election
And I thought, you know, parts of it might be missing
There are some parts of the country where carries me didn't even show up on these ballots
I know how, right
The thing I did was I made sure I could verify my own ballot
I mean I fought a rep that I fought a rep where you sign
And even put in a joke vote I know
One of the choices I put in a writing vote and I put one of my friends' names on it
Just like a proof it's my ballot
Who knows what they're going to try and do
I'm still going to go try and vote on the machines that day also
Why an Anaboi?
Why not? What the heck?
You have a shot, man?
It can't hurt
Right
And then try one of them, provisional ballots too, try them all
See, and of course this business about what, you know, Bush is going to get 16 or 18% of the black hole
And Gora got, or rather Bush only got, what was it?
6 or 8% against Gora?
Do you really believe that?
No
Then after blacks have been, they've attempted to disenfranchise every person darker than Troy Stratford
Forget about it
In fact, anybody that's darker than Malcolm
Velses name again?
Shamar Moria
Right, Shamar I see him
But anybody, by the way, they're going to try to take your vote away because they are scared that you might vote for Democrats
And you're going to go out there and reward them for stealing the 2000 election
I don't think so, so I think it's pying the sky
I think it's swishful thinking is what I'm thinking
Swishful thinking if he gets my drift, you know what I mean?
Oh, we're fine
I'll bet
Maybe Dan Stewart's going to roll open Miss Kamal, you never know
26 after 1 at 5, 60, WQ, I did the wrong spot on last break
Josh, I'm sure you noticed that and you're probably wondering what is wrong with that silly old man
Well, I'll balance it out, you know
Get it together
Win and doubt, we'll balance him out
In addition to which some of these, you know, they wind up logging him back to back
I love that Josh Dero tried to get me to do, you know, 45 live spots in the same break
Because they're so desperate now they want to make up for the money that they're screwing us by entering into this illegal deal
Hey, let me tell you right now about our friends over at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Dear Field Beats
With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will fight a mortgage for you
No matter what your situation is, recently they helped out a list of ours who never dreamed that he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home
Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get
And they worked closely with him to determine which was best and then they made it happen
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Dear Field Beats, you can reach him tole free
1-800-734-6616
Whether you're looking for an interest only low on a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Dear Field Beats has exactly what you need
They offer payments as low as 332 bucks for every 100 grand you borrow folks
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Dear Field Beats can make it happen for you too
Not only will they make it happen as far as your mortgages concern they'll also send you on a cruise
That is correct after closing your loan with Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers and Dear Field Beats
You'll be able to choose one of six different seven-night cruises, compliments of Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers
Call him today whether you want to buy a new home and investment property or just refinance that current mortgage
On the web you'll find him at Guaranteed MortgageBankers.com and that number again toll free is 1-800-734-6616
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers, Dear Field Beats, where they'll treat you just like family
1-800-734-6616
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers, Excuse me
I'm not a single AM
And teenage drinking
You were saying you've got to teach them to buy drugs on the corner
Yeah, and I think it's important to do that
You got to get some values here boy
And get with it boy 133 and 5602 and 270 to the mad dog and to the Humper at 4
And then the big 7 and we're sorry
Veteran British Broadcaster John Peel has died
Huh?
I never heard of him
While on holiday in Peru with the BBC in the British Embassy said today
Peel who discovered dozens of major bands during 40 years as a radio dish jockey
Suffered a heart attack yesterday night in the Incasidia of Kuzko
He was 65, he was on holiday with his wife Sheila
He was a broadcasting legend
It says he did this, he did that
He was among the first DJs to play demo tapes by little known bands
Champagne acts from ranging from Jimmy Hendrix to the Smiths
To the fall, Pulp and Northern Irish pumps the undertones
Oh the undertones
He said his life was changed when he was a teenager by hearing Elvis Presley singing heartbreak hotel
Aren't you impressed?
Well, didn't it change your life?
Oh yeah
No
What does that mean?
Let's see, here's Terry in the summer, was that say
Dracula, Dracula, Georgia, what did I say?
Dracula, yeah, whatever it is
It says, please tell the not funny callers to not write in a joke name on a ballot avoid, avoid the whole thing
Oh well, he's going to go hold it anyway
Idiot
Yeah, I wrote in a friend's name just there for a laugh, great
I'm glad that the voters take it real seriously, you know
Just to make sure his ballots counted
Just go there and do the regular thing, okay, this isn't rocket science
Everybody's got some formula, they're going to do something special
They're going to draw a picture of their ass on the ballot system
Make sure they can recognize it later on when they sit on it
I just get with it
God
Everybody's got something song in advance, get a freaking life, will you please?
I have no life
Speak out of that, somebody with no life this time it says
Why is this a story? Why am I reading this?
I got a whole pile of important stuff and I'm getting wasted with this crap
Nothing like getting wasted with crap
Ashley Simpson saying for real it says we think this time
Do you care? No. Does Josh care?
Not at all
Do I care not in the least? I couldn't care less
I'd rather talk to the same people we talked to last hour again
The 19 year old pop artist was among the slew of stars who played the yesterday during the 2004 Radio Music Awards
At the Aladdin Hotel Casino which is a real dump even the new one, it's crap on the Vegas strip
Despite numerous performances by big name acts such as Destiny's Child and Al Aynas Morris said
She was at the center of the show thanks to that glitch on Saturday Night Live last weekend with her lip-syncing and crap
Can she sing? No. Is she a talent? No. Is she hot? No.
Her sister Jessica Simpson though
Monday night she told awards show host oh this is the best
Monday night she told awards show host Carson Daily one of the least worth one of the most
How do I even describe him? Fake, poser? No.
In an off stage interview that acid reflux disease it made her loser voice for four hours before her appearance on SNL
You ready for that? Yeah right
It was acid reflux disease
Yeah see she was all so crap today and we love it as we try to work our way back up to a one share
W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Q.A.M.
I'm sure this is the month by the way for the big steering ad campaign. I'm just I'm positive aren't you?
Oh no. Everybody let us know when those billboards go up please we want the locations W.A.M. Hello
Yes. I speak to Uncle Neil please
Speaking
Hey this is the first time I call I'm a big fan of yours and I think that what you are doing is a public service
I just call yesterday with a hot and low
I'm also a big blue here, a hot way
Yeah, it was about a minute and a half for each person
And they told the one at the best time of the year was about 8.30 in the morning between 5.60 in the afternoon
Right
Okay, good job, I'll have to go through
5.67.05.60 on the Verizon Insignitor
See after your dial a phone and that's supposed to insert it in your neck because it kind of like muffles the sound
You know what? Because he's making the other sounds we'd had to dump him out if I can say that
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Hey I want to speak to Uncle Neil
Speaking
Hey Neil, is it really a subject you run?
All right, well listen, is it really Neil?
No it's not, I'm just make believe. What can I do for a pal?
I'm sorry buddy, I recognize your voice
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
I'm not going to be a part of it
People are saying, oh gee, you know, nearly
You're so funny, it's as a way to get there
Just please don't talk about politics
Because what it did to your ratings
Remember, that's happened before
It's happened before, you know what?
I don't care if we got a point three
They still have to eventually pay me
When they decide to get around to it on pay day
Once in a while
And they don't care about the numbers
Either they wouldn't keep changing the format
And they don't care about the numbers
Either they wouldn't keep changing the format and the lineup every five minutes
So what the hell difference does it make
But the fact that somebody can actually get on the air and give it a penny
Why don't you call up Rush and ask him how for weekends
And Bill or rather
Probably wouldn't surprise me
And Wilma
You know, it's always a great time to call one 800 mattress
Now's an even better time because
Dautamaicrises is slashing prices on certamaicrises
Call one 800 mattress right now
And save an additional 20% off
There's super low factory direct prices on top quality
Certain of perfect sleepers only at Dautamaicrises
When you call one 800 mattress
You'll get same day delivery all across South Florida
You pick the date and time for delivery
If it your schedule
Dautamaicrises is proud of their on time record 99.7% of the time
And of course you still get to pick
To our window for delivery when it's convenient for you
Dautamaicrises is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau
Local Torts of Excellence Award
All the smart folks and even some of the morons are calling one 800 mattress for their breads
It's one of the easiest pieces of shopping you can do
So get yourself a great night's sleep tonight
And for years to come on a cert-a-perfect sleeper
From Dautamaicrises by logging on to their website
macrises.com
Or picking up that phone and making that one easy call
One 800 mattress
One 800 MATT R E S
Now is your chance
Meal Rogers mornings in the day
And
Forza round of clock
For prices
To A-A
Thrudge back in
I'm George W. Bush and I approve this message
And I approve this message
Everyone here knows I party
If I am president, I will draw in opium
Do we have to start that over again
Okay, yeah, why don't you
Well, no, because during the course of the break there I'm coming around with all these spots that are all screwed up because you know lie
And uh, you know
And I hit a button
Is that okay?
No
Is that okay?
In fact, you know something I rather play this one anyway
Hooked on phonics works for me
Hooked on phonics works for me
Hooked on phonics works for me
Hooked on phonics works for me
Presenting the newest version of Hooked on phonics
The all new George Bush phonics
Now with 30 easy to use computer games to make learning fun
That's why the fighting still fissiphously
It'll make it less likely
Less likely we have
A penetrail of Korean penetrail
The IEA is in
You send mex messages
Is in this nature
Protect America in the long room
Is
They're there
They're
Jarkawi
And Abu Garam
And your child's reading in four weeks of your money back
So I needed it
Call now 1-800-8-EF-E-C-D-E-F-A-G
145 of it I last got to call
Maybe I'll call Miss Fudge when she's filling an IOD
When doing that weekend show
Ask is it because of the fact that she's gay
That she's so right wing and sucks up to all the right wingers
And the all the phonic graphs are
Maybe that's what it must be
Maybe it's because she's gay
The condition which 50% of the country are close to what is for carry
Must be a lot of fags running around
Out there on Lucian Omsan
Wow almost as many as here for long time
If you register Dems you're fired
GOP voter drive accused of tossing cards
And several battleground states across the country
A consulting firm funded by the Republican national committees
Been accused of the seating would be voters
And destroying democratic voter registration cards
There was a database
Sproul on associates as under investigation
In Oregon and Nevada over claims
That canvases hired by the company were instructed
To register only Republicans
And to get rid of registration forms completed by Democrats
What's wrong with that
We treat these complaints very seriously
Said Oregon Secretary of State Bill Bradbury
The Democratic officeholders said three complaints were filed
With election officials throughout the state
A decline to provide details
Sightingly continuing investigation
Subtitute teacher Adam Bansi wanted a summer job with flexible hours
So he signed up to knock on doors and suburban Minneapolis
Registered people to vote
He quit after two hours
They said if you bring back a bunch of democratic cards
You'll be fired Bans he condense
At that point I said whoa something's wrong here
Just like Eric he said whoa
Nathan Sproul, former head of Arizona's Republican party in the state's
Christian coalition branch
The nice any wrongdoing accuses Democrats
Of making things up they Christian coalition
Right there's so much holier than us
And so much better and more honest and upstanding and bunch of crooks
This is all about making accusations Sproul said
There's day-to-day alleged fraud
Where none exist and get the media to cover it
And by the way you know one of them is a liar
It's got to be Pat Robertson or George W. Bush
Oh man a god wouldn't be lying now
Robertson insists
That when he expressed his concern about it
To the war in Iraq and that the president better get the American public ready for a lot of casualties
And Bush said oh there won't be any casualties
He insists because he said it during the summertime
Then he said it here again about a week ago on Paul Azan
And then of course they turn around and say oh well
He Karen Hughes says oh he must have misunderstood it
In other words liar liar your bible's on fire
How do you like that
So it's kind of a peeing contest between the right wingers between the bible thumping phony
Belonie brought again fundamentalist
Don't give me a song in advance about how come I endorsed this knock on my support that
Because that's my freaking opinion all right
But because he's constipated that's right
If you're constipated for 25 years
It might kind of change your altitude too
This is all about making accusations
Sproul said Thursday the alleged fraud
Went on existing get the media to cover it
Right
Sproul declined a name though
The states in which his company conducted registration
Rives his political consulting firm was founded last year
Received nearly a half a million dollars
From the Republican National Committee since July
Quinter federal election records
Former canvases such as bands have come forward in West Virginia
Pennsylvania
Nevada and Oregon in the past weeks
Allegedly were told to register only Republicans
And to walk away from people who said the intended vote for democratic on carry
Some said that democratic registration forums had been thrown out
Or ripped up
Right there you go
Yeah, let's register a lot of voters as long as they agree with us
That's good
Jimmy Carter says
You know Jimmy Carter from planes dojo with the brother
Used to pee in public
Yes President Bush has exploited the non-level of attacks for political gain
Former President Jimmy Carter said an interview published yesterday
Asked an interview with Britain's Guardian newspaper
Why US polls were split over the war in Iraq?
The former Democratic president be saying
I think the basic reason is that our country suffered in 9-11
A terrible and shocking attack
And George Bush has been a droid at exploiting that attack
And has elevated himself and he conscious this in many Americans
To a heroic commander in chief
Fighting a global threat against America
He's repeatedly played that card and the some degree quite successfully
I think that success has dissipated he added
I don't know if it's dissipating fast enough to affect the election, Jimmy said
The Nobel Peace Prize winner described the invasion of Iraq by US led forces as unwarranted
And it completely unjust adventure based on misleading statements
Carter also accused Bush of neglecting the nuclear non-proliferation work carried out by his predecessors
All those long tedious negotiations that were done by Eisenhower, Kennedy, Nixon, and Reagan
The control of spread of nuclear weapons have been abandoned by Bush, he said
And speaking of that, and I just mentioned this in passing
Because obviously I'm just another tree hugger and fag
You see the overlap there?
Right, you hooking gay trees, I'm sure
That's right, got all he knows what I'm doing to him
The US fly in the face of snowballing world opinion
Said it would not follow Russia's lead and ratify the Kyoto Protocol on global warming
We have no intention of signing or ratifying it
We've not changed our views, they defiant Deputy State Department spokesman
Adam Irrelli said after the EU and environmentalists across the globe
Hailed Moscow's descendant urged Washington to follow suit
Heading the course of delight after the Russian cabinet approved the Kyoto PAC
And Senate lawmakers for ratification was the European Union which has been battling to save the accord thrown in this array
By the walkout of the US and of course they walked away from almost every major treaty that's ever been signed in this country
Because we're dealing with a bunch of fascists with their own neo-Khan agenda
But how come you're so anti?
Now what a moron, you know
But you're so entertaining, we just want to hear your political opinions because they piss us off and you're going to get carry elected
We should only hope, you know
Yeah
We should only hope
How's that paycheck coming by the way?
I'm just mentioning that just so you keep it in mind, okay
Because if you get a call or you want to have to get a call, I'll tell you in the morning, right?
When we can regulate in the morning, I'll come in a little bit early around 8 o'clock
And I'll say, hey guess what George, you're doing the show today and for the next couple of weeks
I'll be ready for it, which will please that guy a lot because you only tell people you're hoping for
Watch this not true of course
One, just relax
Don't you understand what you're doing without the day the shipment came in man can't you tell can't you smell it?
Can't you feel it?
Where's my cut?
Man
152 at 560 WQAM
Let me tell you right now there's a lot of schmutz in your carpets even if you don't know what that means let me explain it to you
Your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to being a collector of germs people are stopping on it your pets are doing all kinds of unmancipable things on it
And it's just like a nasty in there
That's why you need dry concepts which have been used in my home for over 20 years because they dry clean your carpets
And there's an exclusive padded method that nobody else in the world uses which sucks out even the deep down dirt
And the fact is your carpet makes them look and feel and smell
We wanna bend our metal all the night
That dollar pressed me much
Let's move on Joey
I'd like you to remember this one
She had a tight break order as ugly as a hock and plug
She likes she's such a special
She likes she's such a special
So when the trip got some surgery that dollar impressed me
Well you got the brain but if you got the touch
Now get me wrong yeah I'll play gear all right
But that one came in one bit of a metal all the night
My dollar impressed me much
I'm sorry I forgot everybody
No need to have on this next one
A big chunky girl with a bird on the right
That damn gap dress nearly put me away
Well the secret meetings in my car with no
I could have thought we'll chamberlain the hottest car
Well Joey thanks you special
Well Joey thanks you so damn else
So Monica you lost 40 pounds
That dollar impressed me much
Well you got the brain but if you got the touch
Now get me wrong yeah I'll play gear all right
But that one came in one bit of a metal all the night
I know the press me much
I'll save the best for last
Well I've tried to cut the brakes on her car
No offense but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin's car
When she gives birth I think her offspring should hatch
Big old wigs and an ass too much
She makes a special
How I lost it makes me suffer else
So Hillary you're going to be a senator from New York
Not no impressed me much
Well you got the brain but if you got the touch
Now get me wrong yeah I'll play gear all right
But that one came in one bit of a metal all the night
My love impressed me much
Like you that is my side of the women address
I love you
Bye bye bye
Our statue of the rotors is
We're on the ground across the leaves
My Emmy's fourth Monday now
Suck it in and hold it
Not that you have to suck
