I'm sorry.
I didn't get started yet.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know what that is.
Sure.
Couldn't possibly be us.
Watch your backs, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Watch your backs, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
Oh, no, no, no.
I got enough.
I got to think about it,
at the top.
I get in the rate.
And I don't need a rating that's a minus eight.
Don't care what you do.
Long as the sun does snow,
you got to wake a little hotter on the guests you love.
A ruse you've got to go.
There's a lot of fat producers, you know.
That's right.
Watch your backs, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
No more, no more, no more, no more.
Watch your backs, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
Oh, I brought a whole lot of love, I don't understand.
Now you can eat from a trough while you're in both areas.
That big, that touch you made a rating small.
You just like clinton, it's all you are for.
And it's straightened your fat ass out.
That's right.
Watch your backs, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
No more, no more, no more, no more.
Watch your backs, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
Listen what we say.
When you're back, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
No more, no more, no more, no more.
Watch your backs, Zach.
When you won't wait for no more.
You'll play out.
Yeah, lucky enough.
I'll play out.
And I want more time in your life.
I'll play out.
It never ends if Kiuya and boys and girls hit never ends.
The hits, the schmit's just keep on coming.
Yeah.
Zach gets blown off the morning show, the Mohawar David had shown.
Now, did you give me some bum information about that?
Is that correct?
I gave you no bum information.
Because he's still there.
See, nobody actually ever gets completely fired at Kiuya and we're talking about this before the show.
People there for the time being, he's still there on Joe's show, right?
Well, what do you mean for the time being?
What does that mean?
In other words, they don't have a replacement lined up.
So he's just, you know, he's a lame duck, coasted along.
Still doing the job until they can find replaced it.
Hey, you better book up on that free food in the morning there's Zach.
Not that you need extra encouragement from me, but I really take advantage of that.
Because you could see some lean times.
He could be doing some lean cuisine for months and years to come.
Yeah, I keep trying to tell you folks.
You won't believe me.
In fact, Geltie was just, in a first time I spoke to Geltie in quite a while before the show.
I said, what do you really think about Mohawar?
And he said, he's an asshole.
Yeah.
He wants off that Joe bad.
He wants to be on with his buddy Joe.
The only problem is Mohawar is ready to blow him out yet.
And he said, he said, not out.
He said he blew me, but not out.
I'm going to leave that poll up there a little while longer to give Mohawar a chance to pass that encoder.
Now that you people are starting to see your little slow on the uptake.
You think that it's stick.
You think we're exaggerating.
You think it's like a personal thing.
It's, it's just the fact.
It's just true.
I've never encountered anybody like this.
Not just in radio in my life.
If anybody is divisive and hateful and obnoxious and can tankerous and whiny and bitchy and he's like a bitchy old queen is what he is like a bitchy old lady, the moment.
You do raise the bar.
Absolutely.
He sure does.
He is just a piece of turd on two legs.
First it was, let's see, it was Carolyn and then it was the beast and then it was a, and now it's Zach and how many others have been through it.
See, nobody wants to work with him and nobody is good enough for him.
So it's a match made in a rubber fever.
He's bailing out.
He's been on the station in the city in years.
About third man.
No, I don't think he's been there 30 years.
I think it's more like about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But anyway, it's been a long time.
And he's bailing out because he can't handle a man.
It's just, I mean, what kind of crap is this?
What kind of a business operation is it when you got one guy who's a find everybody else is the scapegoat?
And I don't know what he's scapegoat now for the, I guess it's just like anticipatory.
Because the book doesn't come out until a week from tomorrow.
We're the ones that are going to take it up the SNF book.
It's going to be really bad midday.
We already know that.
It's going to be weak.
But he's already covering his ass just in case he's really weak himself in here because he knows for Elle got blown out.
So that's going to like bring him right back down where he belongs and those two and three share numbers.
So now let's have blow out Zach.
He's not good enough for me.
And he, I want my own producer.
I want somebody dedicated to this show.
I don't want somebody who hangs around with Joe Rose and is on all these other shows.
I want somebody who's going to do the Mohawar David a show and be dedicated to me and give me the best guests and do all of this good stuff.
And maybe a superstar that I really should be.
Oh look at that.
He just hopped ahead and colder.
All right. Nice going guys.
All right.
Oh, what a piece of crap man.
And the bad part, the worst part of the whole deal is that our impotent management they just kind of like lay back like a Lala landed.
Let him just run rough shot over everybody else's life.
They don't give a crap.
And because Zach who happens to be a good guy by the way, even though he's gigantic and fat.
Because of the fact that he's not part of Clarence's inner circle of boyfriends there, that's the reason that he can get blown out.
And he's going to be looking for another job.
See, unless it's Robert Gryper or the Beast, I mean you haven't got a trineman's chance in here because that's Clarence's bunk butt buddies.
That's his boyfriends.
And so he'll go to great lengths to protect them and move them around from one show to another show to make sure that they stay on a payroll like Sam.
Things like that.
And Donnie B.
Oh yeah, there's people that have been in the building in five to seven years.
They're still on the payroll there.
You wonder why the beesleys are crap in their pants?
That's the Greg Reed fugin way.
So anyway, I guess we can give the results of yesterday's poll now that we finally got Moa hopped ahead of Anne Coder on there and deservedly so.
Poll question wise, politicians excluded what well known living person.
Would you love what well known living person's grave?
Would you love to dance on?
A lot of dancing going on.
I'll tell you that.
Rush Limbaugh wins.
I mean, there is nobody like Rush.
He wins hands down your old pantaloonies hands in the old pill jar man.
There's nobody even close.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
Oh, Jay Simpson 207.
Now in previous days, I guess before the Pill incident, I think OJ might have come out on top, don't you?
Oh, yeah.
Moa Howard David, like I said, hopped right over Anne Coder.
They're all words changing again on me.
He better not fall back.
Uh-oh.
Now they're in a frenzy.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Now he pulled away.
Now that they heard about what he did.
The Zach now he's pulling away.
Nice going crowd. 107 for the moment. A strong third and
Colter Red briefly taken a five-volt lead before they got that latest information and quarter 101
Pat Robertson 69 Louis Ferricon 60 during fall well 55 Rick snatches
45 people would like to dance on your grave Rick
Bill O'Rourke 44 he's right on Rick's ass and boy. That's the same a lot Rosio Donald 42
Michael Jackson 34
You're as truly near Rogers 31 alright 31. You'd like to dance on my grave. Let's have a party
Jesse Jackson 24 Greg Read 18. I can imagine if more of our audience really knew who Greg Read was
He could he could give the Russia run for his mother just the inspected building votes right
Mike Tyson 15 Olly North and the Howard Spurm each have 13 Sean Hannity 12 the on Sanders and Martha Stewart
I got 10 a piece Rosanne bar nine the big oh oh the big is got nine
Chuck has to eight Bob Novak 7 PD rose six. I got I said I wasn't gonna talk about Pete Rose. I lied
I got a story about him. Oh man
From the Washington Post by Tom Boswell
Not Tom Bosley, but Tom Boswell. It is so good
If you don't hate Pete Rose yet, you will I finish reading it
Bob Novak 7 Pete Rosen PD Bolder 6
See they got the two PDs together
Three votes for Tammy Faye Baker and Mariah Carey lyric King Don I'm as Kobe Bryant Don who got booted in Denver last night big time
Don King three a piece for each of them and Nicole Smith and Michael Savage two a piece
One hope for Mad Drudge Miss Fudge. They don't know who you are Miss Fudge
They have no clue because if they did to know you as to hate you I
Put him right there behind Moe as a matter of fact on my personal list
Key Gordon Litty won George Will one and Laura angry him out of 1316 votes. He's got the big
Oh, and I bet you there a lot of guys out there would like to give her the big oh
If I could just keep your mouth shut or keep something in it. I don't know what she looks like
What is this thing that you just the three famous birthdays today?
Suppy sales turn 78 let's send soupy all a dollar bill. What do you say? Okay?
Let's open up daddy's wallet and pull out a dollar bill and send it to soupy
Bob you banks. I can't stand Bob you banks with a stiff neck. He's got 66
He always looked like he's got a neck brace on every other stuff. Yeah
First of all I can't stand the newlywed game of all the that to me is the worst show that's ever been on the year
They get the most stupid they get people who are rejects from Jerry Springer
Yeah, but they had the best outtake in the world on that show. Yeah, I saw it. Yeah, in fact
They showed it just a couple of days ago right well, maybe not yeah
I know what you're saying when she said in the ass. I know exactly what you're talking about
Five you bank 66 and the king no not Larry talking about Elvis so we can hear all Elvis all day looks like an angel
What is looks like an angel is that an Elvis song?
I got a lot of Elvis here somewhere. Yeah, we got some here
You want it? No
I got Elvis up the ass here man
Which is illegal in Broward County, but I got it right here. What is this song looks like an angel looks like an angel
See they're using lyrs. What is that song?
Angel in it. Angel in the sky is
Angel in the sky is that high up some before my time. Oh, well, I got Elvis all up the ass like I said if you'd love a Q
That's enough
Okay, so happy birthday the king and the soupie sales and Bob you there
So Zach is the latest to fall
On the morning we're David to show they just falling like flies on there because nobody is good enough and guilty wants off of their real bed
We thought that's how the image holds that bit
Yeah, watch your back so I couldn't that something weren't we a little pressure to be playing that for a long time
That wasn't based on you know, we just pulled that out of our ass. We heard the rumbling back then absolutely because
You know, that's always looking for a scapegoat nobody has ever got enough to work with the the moment
They might have to bring somebody in from out of the market for both the producer and
Maybe in the position maybe on the rover can find somebody on Mars. It's good enough to work with mom. Oh
Oh, man
Maybe they'll find somebody
In the ghetto
A real rock guy
On a rock
Our audience hates Elvis so I don't know what they're on doing but that facts inspired me to kill some good time
Anyway, we had over 13 had revolts on Ed pull plus 401 on the first one about the one to two hour which we shmit canned officially yesterday
So that's over 1700 in the same day and a spectacular response on at the George W thing that we got on there
On our website if you haven't see it
I'll tell you it'll keep you off the streets for hours and hours. It's the all-time best you'll be punching buttons and he'll be crunching pressles
It'll be great
From minutes after 10 another
Contra Thompson with Mohawar david today because he just never stops giving you all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
That's him man. He's got slime written all over that piece
Just a you're a piece of crap. Moe. How many more lives do you want to screw up today?
How many more people do you want to stick it in there and their butt?
You're a good one to talk about fags man
It's all you want to do is stick it in guys butts and you've been doing it man and even Carolyn he stuck it in her butt
And Greg wasn't too happy about that
Provinets after 10 if you know it's the silence all of a sudden is like a
Provinets past 10 at five six you just wait till I'm back there man
I'm gonna raise some a holy hell in that goddamn place. I'm so sick and tired of the kind of garbage in the weeks
It's it's like the uh the school of the week sisters there everybody so wimpy and so afraid and we're afraid of Greg and we're
Afraid of this one afraid of our own shadow and Moe is gonna get us fired
Be afraid. Yeah, or exactly and they are they sure are
Let's see Moe is up to 110 on there. I love the fact the polis still sitting there for a little bit
Let it sit there until it gets about 5,000 votes miserable. Peace are crap everybody in that building hates you like poison Moe
In fact, Duff said he thought it'd be a great idea let him run his own board answer his own phone
And just be the only one in the building when he's on five eight everybody can evacuate
a
Unident job
Zack
Underpaid well new years resolutions don't just happen you got to put plans into action into motion
Put the motion in your basket pick up the phone to call fast train now at 1 866 fast train classes start in January
Which is like right now if you're committed and dedicated fast train can assist you in becoming a certified
Computer professional in just four short months. That's right obtain your new high-paying career in only four months
The demand for certified computer professionals is an all-time high and fast train offers you convenient day evening in weekend classes
Job placement assistance and financial aid for people to qualify too
So pick up that instrument right now and call fast train at 1 866 fast train
Be sure and tell them that the anxious Todd Dreck told you to call check fast train out on the way of at fast train.com
Don't miss the train of opportunity this year to really change your life for the better call 1 866 fast train
This year make your new years resolution and reality with our friends at fast train
This is for 205 city
Up the bus
What's the crap they played on the whole?
What garbage the kids don't know it's good like that song. I'm happy. I live in a split level head
You remember that
How can you listen?
I'm happy I live in the split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head
You don't remember that now. Why am I surrounded by morons?
Come on, howie. Don't you go me howie
There's nothing to put in action from you pal
You shut up fatso. Okay, that's it. You're old
You best open the open
You'll be that goes for you too
You know who I am I'm the king of paradise
I came down here after losing my child
To be a big fish
In a little pond
When they kicked me off the espion they told me don't come back again
I had some problems with wise guys who advised I move to paradise
Fire
That day late all the way nine
I was fucking you're out of fire and I hope that just goes like dice
I hope he dies and I hope you all die
I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you
I think fish in a little pond
Find the angel in disguise is because there's no such song and I knew there was no such song. It's called
See in disguise how do you like that? I got some songs that he didn't even record yet
Yeah, that he's still working on like that one at they were least in Germany that they went to the top of the church
What was that awful song conversation?
Yeah a little less conversation a little masturbation a little palpitation a little crepitation
See the reason I can't remember song titles like that anymore is because
I
Like you guys the bit title and I see that's wrong
Anyway a bad news to start we'll get it out of the way
Because Americans we don't want to hear no bad news no more a US black-oct military helicopter came down
There's a volatile town of Fallujah west of Baghdad today killing all nine people on board US military said first
It said eight I think the store on our website says eight when outs nine
Helicopter made an emergency landing near Fallujah
There were four pastures and five crew members on board no survivors a military spokeswoman said she said the black hawk was on a medical evac
Evacuation mission when it came down noted tales of the pastures. She didn't know if it was hit by enemy fire and
anti-American insurgents fired mortar rounds at a military camp killing one American soldier wounding 34 others
Around 645 last night at logistical base sites west of Baghdad
So there you go. They keep on dropping like flies over there and
Public is it more like that? Oh look at that. That was up again. Yeah, and once that michael tangent for our start and all this other crap
You know there's there's no point because like I said you're preaching to choir
And now this whole dean thing is looks like it may come on rambling at the last second here big time
They've been attacking and and the new Republican dorses jew Lieberman
Which is just really staggering. I mean I must be doing real big mushrooms over there. It's unbelievable
On a more positive note
For sure. Well, I was speaking of devil ed disguise. What a perfect day if I were one of them believe in folks
If I were a man of the cloth so to speak
If I really believed in hell there's a special place in hell for you mo
Make no mistake about that you make Pete Bolger look like a good Samiritan by comparison and that's saying a lot
Yeah
Because he's the assassin but you make him look like a piker like a beginner like a Sunday school kid
And the antics that you and of course muff comes in and plays stupila. Oh here
He fired Zach off his show all clearance didn't tell me that
I guess maybe he was like sleeping. There's probably a little bit of pillow talk going on there
But maybe you know what one in one ear and out the other ear. I said
Look at that 115 votes for the moment on there right now
Is somebody who they like to dance under his grave. I'll tell you one thing. You'll have to push me out of the way
And it won't be easy
No, I got first dibs on that
I'll be dancing up a storm on I'll be doing the masked
Taters on his grave about if we just hold the date
What I'm gonna do is eat a bunch of mashed taters before I do it and then drop a load right on his
Tombstone you piece of crap in fact you know
I'm gonna eat a whole bunch of tombstone pizza
That'll do it
And I think that'll come you all up
Anyway speaking of food here's the fact that says heard you talking about the new subway wraps
And they're great, but I found an even better solution to my new low carb dance is my you know the low carb thing now
I saw a piece on one of the newscast last night might have been CBS news
And uh every damn restaurant that's ever come down the pipe now
I don't think it was apple bees, but it was one of those similar kind of chains
And now even McDonald's and Burger King are are uh they're mulling over like I told you about the subway thing
Mm-hmm do in a low carb menu
Anyway, it says I found an even better solution to my no low a low carb that blimpie. Oh, I hate blimpies, don't you?
I can't remember the last time or the film I ate it
Blimpies has come out with a new low carb menu that's got sandwiches and wraps
But unlike subway they've also got low carb chips desserts a great zero-carb brownie and even low carb drink
Like I said, I love blimpies
Says I'm kind of new to low carb things so when I went to subway I found the other
Other than the wrap they don't have anything else bake lays have 25 grams of carbs for god's sake
Oh, yeah, don't be eating them tater chips new. Oh, yeah, I had a low carb wrap with a bunch of
chips. No, that's not gonna cut it
It says that blimpie I had a lot more choices and the food was awesome. Give it a try. It says Mike. Be thanks
Mike will give it a shot
In fact, maybe when I'm there blimpies will bring in some low-carb stuff although we don't want no food, but no
Anyway for the passions crowd. I just looked on their website. I don't want possessed me to do that
The power prize. I'm a I'm a day ahead here with a global hazard they had
Uh, let's see Thursday January the 8th K learns of charities deal with death. I saw that yesterday
Simone John Reese and Jessica
Which that isn't the real Reese. That's his twin brother the actor prepare for a ski trip and Alistair is a place with the progress of his plan
Good old Alistair
Tomorrow K demands that Ivy get help get her Miguel
Gwen is suspicious of Ethan and Sheridan is a piece with baby Martin interarms
Well, that's gonna be maybe something because she's in a straight jacket and they got her locked in the old nut house again
Monday Whitney comes face to face with Chad and next Thursday a week from today Luis sneaks into seats Sheridan
He's in the loony bin
At the direction of her father Alistair
We never we have a character around passions that you never see his face
Okay, let me see the back of his head and usually his suit and also his a big fat chubby hands always with us
A cigar a lit cigar
It's just part of the insanity of the show you have to be there
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT and T look at that one 16 from Mo pulling away from encoder like she's laying still
Here's today's pool. I love this pool. I was inspired by that one bit that bokeh brine bit
Which one is it?
Oh
In what American city will you find the highest percentage of goobers now if you don't know what a goob
Is and when I'm talking about the ones you eat at the movies
If you don't know what goobers then you're not qualified to vote on this polar participate
Okay, in what American city will you find the highest percentage of goobers
Who put the goober in goobin atori? That's another bit that he's got that in there for Ann about that
What bit is that tell Hatsunati? Oh, yeah, let's play that soon
I'm kidding. That's beyond the list so far and of course there's zillions of others because America generally speaking is a goober-filled country
Tampa that was my first choice by far
I mean I can you just have to really search high and loadify anybody even looks like they've got all the right parts to be qualified to be human in Tampa
It's really bizarre
Tampa which is strange because they got those good restaurants in like Bernstake House and
Donatello's and a lot of good the eats over there, but I guess mostly the tourists are eating them
Nashville you'll just love Nashville
And the George votes for Jacksonville those are the first three
Been through there drove through new ball county real fast many years ago never stopped
Never stopped for a snack or two or like a little a verbal intercourse
Here's the fact that says early this morning Mo accidentally said
When referring to how many complete games the baseball player from the blacksocks had thought it would make a good drop straight
out of the horses ass
Happened around five o'clock or so
Well, we got bigger fridge to fry with Mo today because he blew Zach off the morning show
So Zach ain't good enough for him nobody is good enough for the moment
And the ironic part of the whole deal is the one that wants off there the worst
Well, Robert Creeper wants off too, which is why he's leaving the station soon
But the one that wants off there desperately the worst is guilty and he don't want to blow him out yet
I asked guilty this morning. He don't want to blow you and he said no
I said I wish he'd blow me out
That's exactly and you were there that's exactly what he said
Come on Mo blow guilty out of there. He wants to be back with his buddy Joe and away from your smell
He asked these tear to looking out your bag twice a morning too
26 past 10 at five 60 WQ might just can't outweigh to be back with all my close personal friends and I
Oh, man, the atmosphere the ambiance in that building
Feel the love feel the love I'm feeling it now
Oh
It now so was that actually still in the building?
He pop his head in there or what what's it?
Oh, I don't know if he's here right now, but I'm sure I heard him there toward the end of Joe show
He popped his head in the beginning when you played the bit. Well, there you go. See he's still around
He'll be there. He'll be okay. Actually what the deal is he's not gonna be on the payroll
No, but he's gonna be allowed to come and eat to free food every morning. So that's okay. It's all he cares about anyway
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible
Like I said zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points
Get the new low interest rate of just one point 25 percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror
Three hundred and thirty four bucks a month if you have you a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only
Six sixty eight a month the North forget once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group
You will never pay closing costs again
So find out all about it by calling one eight hundred nine four o'lenn get the low rate mortgage you deserve
And then move to your next property with any further cost or expense zero underwriting fee zero doc fee zero closing cost
Even when you move to another property get the new low rate financing
It's just one point twenty five percent with the only one mortgage from financial group for details
You know what to do call one eight hundred nine four o'lenn did never ever never pay closing costs again
The financial group at one eight hundred nine four o'lenn be sure and tell them that the fashionable Todd Dreck told you to call
The Renekville housing lender restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly four point two one APR
Five and a local this is five six years the rate is all yours
You
Spiderman
Got sat down in the fight
And he looked really weird with long hair and beard he was
Fighting just like a mole
Take a sip smell the stench you might almost think you French his facial hair is not so nice check your care fully for life
There goes the great seductive
Yeah, the doctor said
But done open wide
But he couldn't find anywhere
Inside
Spider-hole spider-hole that is where we found this troll raises hands and weapons out very soon
He will rock and help and last
President Bush is so glad because they found this gong back down in the spider-hole
Do you think when I kept going on looking and looking and looking down his push that they were looking for weapons of
Mastication
Oh, that was anyway they showed this on CNN little while ago a foul a crime was caught on tape and calm
So how you really have to see the video they'll be shown it all day a
Foul crime a man dressed in a bright yellow chicken suit robbed a cougar grocery store
Don't you see it? Yeah, it says the suspect flew the coop before the police could pluck him
But the crime was captured on a store surveillance tape you'll be seeing it
Just turn your TV on even on
Discovery channel will be on there all over the place national geographic it'll be everywhere all those lines laid an egg
We can put the new pole up there will be adding lots to it
I'm sure because there's so many red necki or goober places until a little time speaking of goober's
I actually like the um non-parallels myself
Yeah
To pull my to pull your cavities out
Sure because you can't go to the movies without you're getting a big huge tub of buttered popcorn or
Preferably some real good sweet candy
But they have ours cookie. No, but no juju beans right
Juulieberman likes them juju beans julieberman endorsed by the new republic that is shocking man
It's enough to make you want to just burn that thing
Anyway, we can change the pool Eric anytime you get you around to it
Erick's been just working up a storm feverishly nice going Eric. Thank God for you man
He's no boner boy. Thank the Lord. Oh, yeah
This article by Tom Boswell in the Washington Post and I said we wouldn't talk
It's very long to him. I'm gonna read the whole thing. It's long and you know what too bad in fact it'll be a two-parter
Rose owes sport more than hollow confession
The hit king has hurt baseball badly no sign disgraced star truly reformed. He said that's those are the
85 headlines
Before you forgive Pete roast for stealing the china you should always count the silverware
And before baseball let's rose into the hall of fame much less back into a big league dugout
He should do more much more than ask us to take his word that he's a changed man especially
When his confession after 14 years of lies arrives between hard covers with the promise of piles of money for rose
And most tellingly when rose cannot bring himself even now even once to see an honest heartfelt. I'm sorry
Roses finally told the truth
But he still hasn't seen the truth that his sins go far beyond gambling on baseball games
And that his contrition must go far deeper than any TV quote or book excerpt available so far
And of course today's the book is being released they're making the big simous tonight
At the most elemental level rose owes the profoundest of apologies to the sport itself which he injured badly
And he needs to get down on his knees if not literally then figuratively to those like john doubt
Who got the facts right in their investigation yet have endured more than a decade of lying accusations from rose and every media venue he could grab
Before fans grant their forgiveness or commissioner bud sealant decides whether rose should be reinstated to the sport
Perhaps we should listen to a story told by former commissioner fave vinson
When rose was a player he went to japan signed a bad endorsement contract collected a hundred grand in cash and put it in the suitcase
So we could sneak it in through customs without paying us taxes
Rose was caught but the story never got out no charges were filed a few years later
Roses bad contract expired. He went back to japan got another hundred grand in cash put it in the suitcase
Maybe the same one and tried to get it through customs again
Bzzz vinson said on monday
Imitating the sound of a buzzer going off they caught rose again
Now the feds were really livid a two-time loser. They wanted to indict him
But he had a good lawyer who got him off nobody found out nothing happened to rose those are facts you can quote me
So when you look at rose today you have to realize where it fought too says vinson
We teach great athletes their whole lives that they're above the law
We create the monster then we have to go out and deal with it
Only a man who was lived by his own version of the law or no laws at all could make his hollow and attempt of confession and
Restitution as rose has one book excerpt to appearance sports illustrated this week should be enough to make any person of conscience
Which is never included rose see red
Once you send something like this to the printer you have to live with it. No rewrites next week pete for ghost-rooted. It's still yours
I'm sure that I'm supposed to act all sorry or sad or guilty now that I've accepted what I've done that something wrong
But you see I'm just not built that way wrote rose. So let's leave it like this
I'm sorry it happened. I'm sorry for all the people fans and family had hurt. Let's move on
No, let's stay right here rights time abas well
Let's do a little exeges exeges exeges. How do you say that? I don't know
Of the text as the old-time hellfire preachers used to say
Rose says he's not built to act all sorry or sad or guilty
Well, if he can't even act that way with his whole future hanging in the balance
We can be sure he's incapable of actually feeling that way our prisons are full of people who aren't built to feel remorse or guilt or sorrow
What the damage they've done this attitude is a pathology peat not a bragging point
Even more chilling as roses using the word it twice instead of I the truly contried person would instinctively say
I'm sorry
I did it and then I heard people and said rose says that it did the damage and what is it?
Well, it is the investigation the exposure of his gambling the scandal in other words like any unrepentance
A scoundrel he's mostly sorry that he got caught. He still hasn't come to terms with the deed itself
The more Rose talks the more he exposes rather than redeems himself during the times I gambled as a manager
I never took it on fair advantage
I never bet more or less based on injuries or inside information
I never allowed my wages to influence my baseball decisions rights rose
Swin my mind. I wasn't corrupt. That's like a bank robber asking for parole because he didn't scare the tellers
In another excerpt from his book rose admits to placing bets on baseball games four or five times a week
But ads I never bet against my own team never made any bets from the clubhouse
But the latter assertion was disputed yesterday by two of his
Reputed betrunners
Tommy joyosa who once shared a house with Rose and Paul Jansson both said rose routinely placed wages from his clubhouse office
I just wish he'd come clean with everything jurosus said. I just wonder if he'll ever tell the whole story
baseball has only one cardinal rule you can't gamble on the game in any form ever
It's posted in every clubhouse
Everybody died with a densest rookie understands it if you take drugs and become an alcoholic
That's entirely different. It's a personal problem you deserve and get rehab
But if you gamble on the game let alone good lord bet on the team you're managing
You've stabbed a dagger into the heart of the game's competitive credibility yet rose in this damning attempted rationalization
Shows how the mind of an ecotist and amoralist works
Rose set up a completely different code in his own mind so we could get around the rules that apply to everybody else in baseball
This isn't how you get reinstated
This is how without knowing it you make the case against reinstatement
Mercy should always be the order of the day, but in this case balanced against enormous skepticism
This week America will talk about rose now baseball's all-time leader in both hits and lies
But we ought to be talking about Vincent Dowd and a Bartlett Jemadi men who paid a high price to dig out a hard truth and stick by their guns
But the sinner gets the headline doesn't he the prodigal son gets the feast what allows he parable
Perhaps the valuable story this week isn't that rose finally admitted what we all knew that in one season
He'd bet down on more than a third of all the games in the majors
The tale that matters a parable in its own right is that for 14 years in the face of sentimental public opinion
A legion of pedopologist and attacks on the games leaders baseball didn't buckle the sport kept the scoundrel where he belonged out of the game
Now we'll see if Selig who gets high grades for his consistency for a decade can stand one final test of character from rose
With millions of fans chanting forgive
We'll see like demand that rose show true contrition and Jemadi's words
reconfigure his life rather than merely reshape his image with a book tour
So far Vincent doesn't see any signs of reconfigured rose life
In fact, he says there's every evidence that rose is still a conspicuous gambler
We were misguided in 1989. We just thought he would be contrite. It just wasn't in him
I wish he was more contrite even now
For Vincent the story of roses always ultimately a story of money
He's always been struggling because of his gambling
His decisions are usually acts to protect his financial situation
He wouldn't admit he gambled on baseball because he was afraid it would cut off his baseball related income
So Vincent now he's writing this book for the money
Why don't some of the profits from this book and account of how he damaged baseball go back to baseball say the some of the indigent
Negro league players what you're seeing now are economic calculations
It's all about him coming back financially
It would be scandalous to allow him back in the game if what we've seen so far is an indication of his lack of contrition
How could he trust him in any capacity
I can take a lot, but that would be beyond the pale Vincent said let's wait a couple of years and see how he behaves
baseball shouldn't roll over for this but I'm afraid seated we'll play with the gallery
Tom Boswell says let's reserve judgment see the whole book the interviews the whole nine yards
But the bar for reinstatement something that's never been granted
Shulis Jojax and there any other player banned for life should be said very high so far
Rose has done very little to help himself through that hurdle. He's a scumbag like I've been saying
How do you like that story about the hundred drain in the suitcase twice?
That's a good story and even though I don't care about him yeah
That's intended the lengths the kind of kind of sounds like the governor's wife
Right smogrums stuffing through customs
I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, you're not bush-passing again. Are you yeah
20 to 11 at 560 W to QM. Hey, let me tell you right now if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy your back
I'll be the first part of your body to let you know because if you don't get a good night's sleep
You feel like crap
Well, there's nothing to prove you're in daily health that you're well-being and productivity better than getting that great night's sleep
And how do you do it you make the one easy call like I've been doing for years to dial a mattress and one 800 mattress
Resolve yourself as part of your new year's resolutions to have a better night's sleep every night in
2004 by calling dial a mattress
Celebrate the new year in real comfort with a new mattress and dial a mattress
You can call them right now
dial a mattress is proud to have added stirons of bananas fostered are already strong champions
You've lineup stirons and foster he would as the finest mattress made in America
And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by just making that easy call
1 800 mattress and of course dial a mattress carries all the top names
They got them
Seely service Simmons King Quarantine for Peter choose from dozens of models at low every day unbeatable discount prices
And only dial a mattress like to choose that to our delivery window
That's convenient for you that meets your schedule
Any day seven days a week from eight in the morning till 10 at night with low prices same day delivery
Free set up and movable. That's easy to see why dial a mattress is unbeatable
So do the smart thing even a dummy's if QM are doing it too just about everybody call
1 800 mattress and ensure yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come
1 800 MATTR ES or online you know where to go it's mattress.com
Near sports radio 5c
UAM
It's time to get it on tonight on MSNBC CNN CNBC and hot news
It's continuing coverage of the only two stories we think matter
Michael Jackson and the Middle East I think wacko jacko needs to stop sleeping with kids
Well, I think those terrorists need to stop blowing stuff up helpless issues directly affect your life
But none more than Michael Jackson and the Middle East
That's the latest from Neverland Ranch now back to the studio with more on the Middle East
The finest reporters the most trusted anchors and scores
Up on this and commentators all focused on a wide range of crucial world events
As long as it's that move walking weirdo handles towel headed creeps
When we come back our exclusive interview is the Don Lousane
We'll find out what he thinks about Michael Jackson
Whether it's in-depth speculation on a suspected pedophile or detailed assumptions about a blown up bus
Catch all two of the top stories tonight exclusively on every cable news channel
If it's not about Michael Jackson or the Middle East it's not news
All right 1045 at 560 WQM
What we got a few votes on it pull even though we only have three names on it so far 39 votes
In what American city will you find the highest percentage of goobers
Nashville 17
Jacksonville 11 and Tampa's only got nine that really pisses me off
I voted for Tampa and you voted for Jacksonville right
Jackson and a meantime John Nashville's on top well Nashville certainly a good choice
I have a problem with that after that month I spent there 1980 what a place
You're just gonna love Nashville
Meal
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 audio AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello
Hey, yeah, how you doing how about can you go
Gainesville never been there good church
Oh, yeah
How you doing now and thank you so much it really is huh oh yeah
Even with that magnificent university there
All them gavers lots just in the middle there
Okay, I'll take your words there they're they're called locals
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line local locals and speaking of locals
That woman who claims she lost the winning mega millions lottery ticket and assuming the block payment to the ignobs winner
Said that she was charged previously with credit card fraud in the salt they just showed her mug shots there on CNN
When asked about her past run-ins with law Alicia battle since she was charged but not convicted
I'm done with that she said I paid the fine at the end of the story makes me look like I'm a bad person
Everybody has bad in the past no, I'm not even worried about that. We like never did no jail time for that
So and then they try to find out they weren't returned the gross thing all over again
Yeah, oh come on. She never came in with a suitcase with a hundred grand just 162 million. She was trying to scan right
567 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line and what I love is the fact that well
They're double checking her story right like anybody couldn't just memorize the five numbers when they read them in the paper the next day and say oh
Well, here they are even wrote them down
Yeah, but she did
WQM line one may be working
Yes, sir speak to me
WQM hello
speaking
Am I recording out of Toronto?
Yeah, we're gonna have here
Recording out of Toronto
This is a recording
No, I'm not recording anything
Did what
What you did you what you staying in the hotel in Toronto and do you show from there? I never did no
I never did my show out of a hotel in Toronto
Okay, all right. Hey enjoy your show. Thanks. Okay. Thanks a lot
I never do my show out of a hotel in Toronto. This is a recording
I do have some leaf games the one TV I'm old leaf games
Uh, that he's a little confused five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon
Wireless line wow WQA and hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I have a talent for you. Okay. A rather small town. That's okay
Loots is excellent. I might even play the chronic from loops today
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Thank you so much Mike and have a nice day and quit the drinking somebody
Stand up straight like a man my come on
He's the WC fields of radio Mike Disney with a flashing red nose
In fact, it borrow his nose. It's a Christmas time
For Rudolph for if a Rudolph right five six seven oh five for Eric Rudolph five six seven oh five sixty
Town five sixty on the AT&T
Yeah, we got to build this list here get a few names on it before we're really going to start getting some serious votes
I didn't know we were going to be allowed to name little po-dotes
Why not we'll get loaded up. It's in one American city now Loots. I don't know if Loots is picking up a beer city
But we're not going to nitpick about it
We're not going to nitpick pick you can have a list of a thousand different names on here. What do I care?
Okay, so Eric will have a lot of work to do a big deal. Keep more from the refrigerator
Just like what's your name and recommend for a dream just like Sarah Goldfarver. It'll keep him away from that refrigerator
But I haven't put locks on it or even locks in it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line QAM. There's nobody there QAM hello
Moe Howard Davis. I'm busy
Thanks for the bulletin. Oh, that was that was that was acting in a voice
That is so that is so scandalous and so outrageous. It's not unbelievable
It's very believable, but just outrageous and the fact that the middle and upper level management people in that radio station
Just to allow him to run roughshod over everybody's life who comes along including some really good people
It's just unacceptable. I mean if this is a guy that really brought a lot to the table
Which he doesn't if he had gigantic ratings if he brought in enormous amount of revenue if he was top here in the community
If he did such a sensational job on the dolphin games they really would forget about Rick Weaver and Dill's infer none of the above all of Mark
He fails the test on every one of those
The fact is he's got a hot shot attorney who you know is keeping his career going through
You know threats and blackmail basically is what I'm going to and as a result they just uh, you know
It reminds me of Rebecca on passions. I
Want you to call it freeze all a shirt and zassets right now Julian no matter what she wants
He's got she's holding that thing over Julian's head about him and uh, you and so as a result if every instant
It's another black man. You know, okay, whatever you say dear. Come on pookie
Now seriously do you think you think when Mo wants something done? He goes to Greg and says well listen pookie
I want you to do this. I think he says that. I think he calls it in junior. What's this obsession with pookie?
WQA am hello
Neil so you don't want to show us you just don't get it. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You know regarding the article yesterday
That was a well-run article, but I do take exception to one thing. Yeah
When this when the uh when the writer said that he compared alkydits to you know
What's the same kind of call me on Monday with the same song and dance about another article I read
No, okay. All right. I think it is all right
Is alkydits killed about 5,000 people. Yeah, September 11
And you know, it's this is more that you know these guys if they have a chance, you know
You know they'll do a dirty
So what's your point? I don't understand. What does he disagree with? So the guy is comparing them to the mafia
This is a terrorist organization that needs to be dealt with every day. I mean
So why don't we're gonna start doing it? Well, that's well
My what do they have to do with Sodom who's saying what do they have to do with Iraq? What do they have to do with the nine Americans that died
It's last night in this morning
Well, I believe that Sodom saying would have hooked in with these guys
Oh, sir, please would I'm not gonna start wars based on your crystal ball. He would have hooked in with these guys
He had plenty of opportunity to hook in with these guys. They're violent enemies. Okay. They're there
They got different the headguer. All right. I think that guy would have yeah, go get him
Oh, I mean these people I think he would have done this and what are they gonna?
Sir, you're one of those people one of those bush liquors who would rationalize anything
There's no there's no dealing with people like you because you would rationalize anything that their fewer would do
To make it palatable to all the rest of us and then we're not buying it
We're not buying it. We're not buying his lies your lies and your crystal balls. Okay, sir. That's the same guy to called Monday
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T nobody cares both from five times if you want to okay
Well go right ahead. We just don't want to be bored by your every dundet horse crap. All right. We'd rather hear Elvis records
Happy birthday Elvis have another cheater. What is this song? Oh?
This is what kind of real is this
What is this I know the song but oh that
Isn't that a stranger in this never heard that neither that was unbelievable
Oh
Okay, that's enough
Let's keep these calls gonna we need more of goobers like that last guy. He's a goober wqa. I'm hello
But $250 you get to see Dan marino and he'll sign your ball
WQ. I'm hello. Yeah, hi. Yeah, sir. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to add a city to your list go right in place
I spent a little time in Houston, Texas and I've got to tell you it was incredible
I mean, you know if you're in the areas where you know the big hotels are you know people that work there are very professional
When you start like migrate out of those areas
Really you know you're almost like in a backwards environment and it was really incredible the time I had to spend there
But I just also wanted to add something regarding Pete Rose. Yes, all the defenders of Pete Rose should realize it
Suppose Pete Rose was working for a company at a representative and knocked on your door to pedal whatever a product or a service
How much credibility would you give to Pete Rose none exactly? I mean, you know
He's just been lying time and that's that's why I said the other day and I'll say it again
Just because he says he never better gets the reds
Why do we believe him on anything and what I got it's been lying admits
He's been lying and brags about the fact he's been lying for 14 years
And now we're supposed to believe that he says he never better against this team
I mean again way back when he wrote a book saying he never bet on baseball right that's right
The one lie after another it's gone to the point where he can't even tell the truth from a lie
I mean the man needs some real help
He's a real scumbag and he's a total denial. All he wants is the cash in on his now. Oh no question
I mean whether he's in the hall of fame or not. I couldn't care less, you know because there's a lot of bad people in the hall
Well, there's an interesting thing though and as I was reading yesterday
Which I never paid too much attention to that Hall of Fame crap because most of it is political anyway
Oh yeah, but there there are qualifications and could a moral character and things like that that
Disqualified people from being in a Hall of Fame, which nobody seems to be talking about these days
But you just so just so you know, I'm like there's some people in the hall of fame
I don't know if you're familiar with Kenna saw mountain land. Yes
Here's a man who was a slave owner who said as long as he's a commissioner
They'll never be a black ball player, right? You leave it and here he is
He's glorified. You know that his plaque rests up there in Cooper's town
It's really it's such a good thing about that is his bones are still rotting so there you go
Yeah, listen, it's always a pleasure to have a great day and back to you five six seven oh five sixty yet the
Mail audience other I don't know the audience, but I mean the mails in America more and more they want to you know
People as it's the jock thing he was Charlie Hussle. He was a great player. He got the hits record all of the Southern crap
He's a scumbag
He's an absolute scumbag and they shouldn't be any separate set of
Rules just because he happens to warn a docks trap for a very long time a real scumbag
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of Verizon Marvellous line Nashville 29 Tampa 22 Jacksonville 21
Loots has got a pair and gains below and have any yet out of 74 votes in what American city will you find the highest percentage of
Goober's Yahoo's red necks Yee haws nose pickers
I guess we could put in tree, but I don't think there is such a place as in treaser. No
There are places that might as well be like pohokie and okie-tobi
I guess I won't leave it to somebody else if they want to put them on there because I'm sure
We have people listening right now in both pohokie and okie-tobi. Wow
Yee ha choice, you ain't never seen nothing like that cherry pie in pohokie man
1057 at five sixty WQM if your car is on the fritz you've got any kind of a problem a small one a big one in between one
Don't interest it to just anybody take your car to somebody can really trust and know's their stuff
We're talking of course about EF Terranauta repair at 5083 North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in prestigious Pompo-No Beach.
At EF Terranauta repair you can experience the difference that experience makes because like I've been telling you they really know their stuff inside and out.
All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians, they know all the layers technology and most of them have been with the EF team for almost 20 years.
Some of them even...
Fuck third man!
EF teams got over 200 combined years of experience and no job is too big or too small like I said, whether it's just a blown fuse or a blown engine
from a 73 to a dead to an 04 Bentley EF Terranauta repair does it all for you.
All jobs are meticulously double checked for accuracy by the shop foreman and every car is cleaned upon completion of the work.
EF honors most extended warranties too and they offer you a wide-await service on most repairs.
EF Terranauta repair a place you can really trust your auto but to 5083 North Federal Highway and Pompo-No Beach Column at 954-4269926.
That's 954-4269926. Be sure to ask about their 90 days, same as Cash and Winters Credit Card when you talk to them too.
EF Terranauta repair naturally recognizes one of the most successful auto-motiv repair facilities anywhere in the entire country.
EF their motto is and they live up to it. Nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business.
All jobs are done on my man's wall.
This is sports 20 or 560-2-8-M.
EF their motto is to be a sportsman.
EF their motto is to be a sportsman.
EF their motto is to be a sportsman.
EF their motto is to be a sportsman.
EF their motto is to be a sportsman.
EF their motto is to be a sportsman.
They walk all around,
with their head up their clothes.
It's always the same.
They're just looking for fame.
And they love the abuse.
Very like the chronic phonics.
O the chronic from loose, is first on the line, cuz he's hooked like a catfish, with half of its mind.
We're waiting for you. I just come on up with your green Corvette.
We, you and what army of little Yahoo's sir, we, all your friends with Carol Blood, all your friends from Tarpen Spring, why don't you stand up like on your own?
It's always we, we, like you got all your buddies. How come you don't like stand on your own thing, man?
We do stand on our own.
Are you speaking French or English, everything's we, we, we.
We, we, we are, we are, we are. There we go, we are. You sound like Dan Quayle now, sure you can't even spell us.
We don't want to ask these kids on the radio.
Right. And you know you don't have to.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, you sound like Dan Baby now.
Are you in Looser? Are you an Aintry sir? I think you've been up in Aintry and there wasn't a Dan Baby.
You wanna admit it now or wait till tomorrow.
Some people don't.
They don't have a clue.
They walk all around with their head up their blues.
It's always the same.
They're just looking for fame.
And they're lovely of youths.
Like the chronic from loose.
He's the chronic from loose.
Looser's doing real well by the way.
You see that? It's tied with Gainesville at each cut.
Yeah, I vote.
Yeah.
In what American city would you find not the most because obviously that would depend on the population.
But the highest percentage of goobers.
National 36, Jacksonville 24, Tampa 23, Gainesville 9, Loots 9, New Orleans 1 and Houston 1.
Yeah, somebody says, most of all, the entire nation is New Orleans.
Since they may not be goobers, what the hell are they?
They're Cajun goobers, but they definitely are goobers.
And they are dumb.
Cajun.
What's that movie again? Southern comfort?
Yeah, good movie.
Excellent movie.
If you haven't seen it, go out and read it by it, steal it. Southern comfort.
It's a great movie.
It'll give you a real good idea what I'm gonna.
Cajun Yahoo's are in all in.
It's education.
Yeah, they don't have counties.
They have perishes perished the thought that you've got all these people had rave about, oh man, it's great man.
Marty Grah.
And all of it's a slimy place.
If you want to go to a slimy place and get drunk, go to Key West.
Why do you have to go all the way to New Orleans?
They have nothing there, but a lot of dumb people.
In fact, why leave town?
Now here's one that says, and I put it on there, even though you won't.
Why won't I?
Because I won't get any votes except from maybe this factor.
Stanyansville, North Carolina.
Yeah, well that's the point.
See, I could name 100 towns that nobody ever heard of that are 100% over there.
But the point is it's a poll where asked in the audience.
So maybe we'll find out they did hear of it.
You might be surprised, mister.
You think you know what all, don't you, mister?
Yes, I do. Just out loud.
Well, what do you know?
Everything.
Oh.
Stanyansville, North Carolina just outside of Greensboro.
If you're Jewish, black or in North America, it says good luck.
Well, that's true of any of these.
In this, I said Greensboro.
Okay, let's say Greensboro.
That's a better than Stanyansville.
That would be like saying, Canada, they wouldn't New York.
Although I don't think the people that came to that.
I don't think that Canada, they are the people.
See, let me make the distinction for the benefit of our poll today.
I don't think the people in like small towns and upstate New York are goobers.
They're just farmers.
Right.
There's either difference.
They're very much so is a difference because farmers don't live in trailer parks.
But there's a difference between rural and a goober.
Right.
Now you're talking.
So like Geneva, New York wouldn't qualify or candidate because they're just small
hick towns with a lot of farmers in them.
But a place like Greensboro, I guess, has a lot of goobers.
Like lutes.
I'm glad to see lutes is doing so good.
Well, speaking of assholes, all three Roman Catholic diocese in Washington are a full compliance
they say with a policy established by US bishops in 2002 to protect miners from sex abuse
by clergy according to a national report released yesterday, breathlessly by the nation's
bishops.
The report conducted by the Gavin group and independent Boston based organization headed
by former FBI official William Gavin surveyed the progress bishops are making and carrying
out a charter they agreed to in June 2002.
Victims groups, however, said the report was flawed consisting mainly of self-reporting
by church officials.
They said the victims interviewed in the audits were not representative in that auditors only
interviewed victims who came forward after June 2002 and were not involved in lawsuits.
The auditors said they didn't want to interfere with legal proceedings.
They also criticized the audits for not examining personnel records.
The Gavin report says auditors didn't review those files because of state's privacy
and confidentiality laws.
I also said auditors didn't have the civil or criminal authority to demand documents
for record searches, but pertinent records policy and information were generally provided
as requested.
David Polhese executive director of Survivors Network of those abuse by presaid the bishops
have essentially defined the rules of the game determined who plays, who gets played
with, who got paid the umpires another thing they're winning.
Polhese also said he found it pretty disturbing that the bar is set so low with dice he's
getting commendations for having codes of conduct for priests and a formal diocesan communication
plan.
No priest molested the child because he had an inadequate code of conduct.
We always maintain the problems not with the bishops right on paper, but what they do in
reality.
Nice going David, you go boy.
The whitewash continues and of course we've got bigger fish to fry now like that bits
is we're worried more about Michael Jackson in the Middle East and Al Qaeda and this
is not any oddity and about the you know Scott and Lacey Peterson.
The important things in life as opposed to worrying about little kids getting molested
and people that want to alter boys.
Well speaking of people that want to alter boys, did I print out that story about that
teacher?
I don't know.
We're talking about it.
Don't let me forget the one about the S factor.
Okay.
The S factor explains Bush's popularity.
I don't give it away.
Boynton teacher 49 charged with having sex with 11 year old student.
I mean that's a little you know I'm saying a little bit it's very much ridiculous.
A music teacher at a Boynton Beach Elementary School was a rest of his that he accused of
having sex with a young boy she used to instruct Carol Lynn Flanagan, a 10 year teacher at
Role and Green Elementary is accused of having a 19 month sexual relationship with a boy
that included encounters in such places as an airport parking lot of park and hotel
rooms.
Because the boy was 11 when it started in June 2002 after he finished elementary school
investigators say Flanagan 49 of Bokeh faces six counts of sexual and mood battery charges.
It's not the first time she's been questioned about a relationship with a young boy although
she's never been prosecuted.
Flanagan was investigated in 2002 by the Department of Children and Families and Bokeh police.
She was accused of romantically and romantically kissing a 12 year old lake worth middle
student and letting the boy sleep in her room.
Oh well if it's good enough for Michael Jackson not to be good enough for her.
Right?
They slept, she slept on the floor, he slept on the bed I'm sure.
Many of the details of the two cases are strikingly similar but the sheriff's office would
not confirm if the two cases involved the same boy now 13.
The 2002 investigation was launched after Flanagan's husband Douglas De Pueh told a marriage
therapist he had concerns about his wife kissing a young boy.
He told investigators that the boy is too brother to slept over 12 to 15 times although
he'd never seen her in bed with any of them.
That case was dropped after the boy told investigators that the two had only tap kissed on the
mouth and never engaged in sex.
Tap kissed?
Have you ever heard that before?
Is that like a peck?
Like a little peck around the cheek.
They've only tap kissed.
In all my 100 years I never heard that before.
Me either.
I've heard ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex
Greensboro North Carolina one out of 128 in what American city will you find the highest percentage of
Goobers
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQ I am
City for you buddy. Okay
Call a lixie kind of see
Your maribus now where's that I
Take 75 you run right into it by the North Lane break the center is like 30 miles above Knoxville
But I'll tell you something I lived there for two years. I was there a rebot on a campground for a time sharing resort
Yeah, and you want to talk about y'all is I mean is it's a old coal miners town
It's got 80% unemployment rate in the town, right?
And everybody in there's a welfare. I mean there's girls from 13 is 16 years old with two and three kids
Just against extra welfare money pop it out here
And I'm talking about his the hickies to get out I've ever lived it in my life is
All right, you got it man. I want to say deal. Yes, I want to do the grocery store and both of me
Yeah, the guy a hundred dollar bill. He couldn't bring it down town is he could
Go to store a weekly quickly couldn't break my hundred dollar bill
Thanks for good news. Apparently have a great day put my your head Lake City Tennessee. What do you say? Let's get it on
Okay, and here's what you sound a little bit the reluctant. Yeah, whatever. I know Lake City Florida
Mm-hmm me too. I know Lakeland Florida. I know two egg
See, but we don't know any of the people in two way how many people are there in two way
30 man got a stoplight and that's about it
I mean really seriously Florida a lot of people don't like considering it a mugwomps day
But boy you take out you take out date Broward in Palm Beach and
Monroe counties in New York got nothing you can't name me another county in a state and no tell me orange County
Okay, I want to hear about all them Yahoo's and then trailer trash in Orlando. You got to be kidding me. Wow
What's that what's that is that orange blossom trail is in it? That sounds right?
That's the main drag to their all man in the main vein bunch of Bible thumpers and
strippers and
trailer trash and pretty much the same people. I don't know who you're talking about that does it consider Florida Yahoo's state
Well, and then the people who live there
I mean if you talk to the people in Tampa they would trade take great that they probably shoot your ass
You said you're a bunch of mugwomps and Yahoo's and goobers. They get the gun off their gun rap
They don't cut you that too good mister. I tell you that right now. They got the best strip bars over there
They got a monster penis and they got the
Burn steak house. It's really a bundle of contradictions
And it's another one of those places like Montreal remember I told you about Montreal
Montreal is a great city, but they need a people transplant and
The same is true with Tampa Tampa's got beautiful right on the golf there and they got some nice beaches and
It's a beautiful area
It's a great there and the I don't know about the hotels, but I mean the restaurants did have a lot of reverb. They even got a crystal over there
What's not to like and
Stake and shake they've had stake and shake a long before ever showed up in South Florida
And what's the other one they got hearties right well and parties
Heart-ons all kinds of good stuff, but man. They're sure a strange bunch. I'm telling you
Somebody says the city would be Tuscaloosa, Alabama
Home of you of Alabama Crimson tide. I sure believe that brings very bright to mind. I think a very bright. I think of Goober
Goober pile
So let's get that on there too Tuscaloosa, Alabama
I want this list starts building man and of course like you said we could have 50,000 places on here because America's just loaded with it
And as you look at that electoral map like we said yesterday you look at the blue states the big city slickers, you know
Pennsylvania, New York all of New England except the New Hampshire
Oregon, Washington, California
Michigan
Basically northern and the peripheral border state not border states. What do you call them?
The border states are like Colorado that's goober's to what do you call those states along the oceans or around the perimeter of the country?
The coastal states. I don't know that's where you have like living and breathing people and in between man
You got a bunch of trailer trash mugwumps, which means you're a springer beyond there for at least another 80 years
13 past 11 at 560 WQM Hey if your hair is long gone if it's down the road
Here's the answer for a get it back. How do you do it? You call Chuck Alphierry?
They'll bring you in they'll give you a free consultation to obligation and they'll show you how much better and younger
They can make you look which early is exclusive amazing natural here line system to make a long story short
It's the best in the business anywhere at any price
Which is why even a lot of a millionaires the smart ones go to Chuck Alphierry because they know that for no amount of cash
Then we'll can they get a better looking piece than the natural here line system
And you have nothing loose but that shiny gross balls spot that makes you look so damn old
Because if a word Charlie is a piece for 30 days and you get this guarantee after a month
If you don't love the way it looks and feels if you're not getting laid all all over the place
Charlie give you full refund no questions asked and if you mentioned the arouses when you call
They'll knock another 200 bucks off the already reasonable price of that natural here line system
So forget about the holes in the head and the dangerous pills and all the other crap and those muskrats
Get yourself a great looking head of hair from the Charles Alphierry studios. Come toll free
There's no obligation call 1 800 321 24 13
That's 1 800 321 24 13 or check out other website Charles Alphierry dot com
Pretty's they're beautiful. They're glamorous. They're love breakers and now you can look just like they do with
Celebrity much shot photographers celebrity much shot photographers can make you look like a star after a three day vendor in a series
I want to look like a
Nick no sure just dump this motor oil on your head
But on this filthy Hawaiian shirt and
I want to look like a clean camel sure just dump this motor oil on your head put on this filthy golf shirt and
Skull celebrity much shot photographers can make you look like any of your favorite criminal celebrities
Whether it's why known a judge win owner writer George Clinton Robert Downey Jr.
Or they ever popular Michael Jackson. Okay put on this white make up this red lip stick this black eyeliner
This prosthetic toes and go wow I look like a million bucks or more like 10 million to keep a kid from testifying
In court
Celebrity much shot photographers where we'll make you look like the rich and infamous in a flash
1118 at 560 WQM now clearance
It's not bad enough that they just ran a promo about the ticket giveaway
Yeah, every Thursday that doesn't include us does it no no we have nothing to give away
So again because we're not a sports show therefore we just want to suck and hide in here on the new Roger show
We just get nothing in addition to which all I asked was would be nice to know if the Humphers coming in today at 4 o'clock
He's been on the last three days been out sick. He's be ill and
Or maybe he's been eaten one of the other not ready sure way
But in any rate would it be nice to know what that lineup is we got the mad dog at two
We got somebody four to six thirty it might be the allowed and it might not be
You got Panther preview six thirty the Panthers at the flyers seven o'clock tonight that could be a really ugly one
Eddie K. Follows the hockey game in June mark overnight two to five at AM
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're looking for the American city that's got the highest percentage of
Goober did somebody just coming running breathlessly in there and say oh, thanks for being on today or not
Well, how do you like that?
So not only don't we give any tickets I have tickets to give away to our fine wonderful loyal audience
But we also can't even get any information nice going clearance. Maybe he's busy doing the old airplane spin with a beast now
Yeah
Who's been
Elvis is great happy birthday to the king
That's not Elvis it's Bob Lincoln
Oh
Okay, it's enough
WQM hello no, yes sir. I got a city for it. Okay. Go with it. Rowanoke for genia. Oh, that sounds like a winner
Oh, I
Wanted down for the cold gay game and I went into a bar and George will enjoy this
I had a pack of cigarettes to add a little treat in it. They took my cigarettes and
Gave me my lighter back but not my cigarettes
Get it oh no, so yeah, they they'd be becoming scumbags to be at this service the scumbags all over the world
I miss something they took you who took your lighter the people the bar
But my cigarettes had a special treat and I'm George knows what I mean. Oh, I see what you say. Yeah, so
It's two other things just
Hockey David Abyscher. What do you think of him? I know you're not an avalanche fan. I
Don't watch the avalanche ever. I don't watch the Western Conference ever. I'm not really a death
Okay, and I just have a request please please that
I know that the all I know is that Columbus couldn't score into an empty net if they had the noir with him on the ice
But anyway, yeah, they did look pretty bad. I don't see any goals. No, no, I got the farm team up here in Syracuse
Okay, I request please please the babbling push thing with
Jessica Lynch found the diamond the drafts
What is that George? I don't know the
press conference where you know
The book of Brian. Yeah, the book of Brian one. Yes
We'll dig it up for you pal. I don't go to Ron. Okay, I have a great thing. I have no idea what he was talking about
He had some fish through. I don't know what it's called
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, Relesong put Ron Orcona again, but I
Just I miss something there. He had said no
He had to join gave his lighter back. Yeah
Well, what so what does that mean? I don't get it. I don't know. Oh, I thought it was just me WQM. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going pretty good? All right. I got a choice for the poll
Hello, I'm listen. Go right ahead. Wait on us. Winter Haven Florida. Oh
Absolutely an abomination. Yeah, let me tell you I go up there every year for work and
The people in so they're not just in bread. They're like laboratory
Never been there. No, isn't it like North North, North, or Lakeland? Oh, yeah, way north way north. Right almost going over towards the pan handle
I mean, it's it's like four hours. It's an ass demand
Absolutely disgusting. That would be my vote
And I'm sure other people that they've ever gone near it. They know what I'm talking about. I mean you can smell the swell of when you're heading there
Okay, I'll see you in two egg pal. Okay, Neil. Bye. See you
What is it? I'm a good person. What place did he say winter Haven Florida winter
Yes, been there been through
Oh, now what's that other other so many so many in Florida?
But there's one in particular what not our is it Arcadia? Isn't that worth a funny farm is where they got Sheridan locked up in the nut house?
I think it's Arcadia. That's one of them. There's so many we could well
We'll just wait for the audience. So many about any you can name any Florida town for the day
That's bad. You don't want to say that I just did do I'll don't you know? I'm like put sunrise on there
Like how in the day they don't have goobers now they just have a sharpers
I want side of the tracks and old Jews on the other side like you said out of the tri-county area
Oh Florida town you know, that to be out of the tri-county area. How about Palm Beach County man
There's plenty of goobers there. Pahoki and Okotobi last time I checked their both in Palm Beach County, ain't they?
Yes, they are ain't they you ever been in Pahoki?
Been through it. Oh man. Don't slow down. You stop forgetting don't slow down
Get a course for me drive on the alley and you go through those see those aren't goober towns the Indian towns right there like
Well, what are some of those towns on a way over to the
Yeah, in mockery that's the one. I don't know what you call those towns besides
places places to drive through real fast
How about Frostproof Frostproofs another excellent one. There's so many we don't want to put all the little ones in there
We'll just wait for the callers
40 votes for Nashville 38 for Jacksonville
You got to say vol
Loots is got
Loots is got 29
30 man I think there that many people that live there Tampa's got 26
Gainesville 21 Tuscaloosa, Alabama's making a quick movement man. They got six already Houston four Greensboro North Carolina four
Nolians two gotta say it right Nolians
Lake City Tennessee one Rowan oak and the winter here
Don't have any yet. They would just went up there 175. We'll just keep building the list. We'll build it up big time
We get about twenty 30,000 cities on air and then you take your pick. You just pick it WQ. I am hello
Yes, I got one for your poll. Okay, sir. Go right ahead. How about Pentegrin
Never stopped there
The armpit of the universe is horrible. Okay. We probably got people listening there right now
You two have a great life Pentegrin huh? Maybe we can just get every city in Florida
I got a map in the car
Every city of more than how many people
It's just amazing what a some pump it is. Oh, we're gonna get casino gambling in Florida. They are right
Man when you look at the in bread. Oh God. It's just an amazing state
People I don't get out of data Broward too much sure ought to be grateful quite frankly
Not that nothing's any great chasing date and brow. We got our share of a trailer trash, but believe you me
The rest of the state is just an amoeed and we haven't even talked about the panhandle yet
Now you mentioned talent has to be for never been there driven through it
Is it really everything it's cracked up to me?
I've actually never been to talent has it with a banjo on uni. Well, I'm sure somebody out there has will probably get a low down
27 past 11 at 560 QAM. You're a red necky station for the innu-millennium
God
Friday night is in the White House doing all his presidential bill
He's there in the overlapped this though. It's not sure what an old
Practice in his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze
But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from around your ear and ease
Saturday he's still no smarter things what's in the center central
You could say his brain is useless kind of like the Chinese clopped up banter
Go
Now he goes to give the speech with words his vocab cannot reach him
But he won't tell you how he feels instead he'll talk about some bad mistakes
He can't spell
You can't run out
He can't speak
So what he says is always in doubt
Don't ever clue no
Bring it in his head
So he just
Babbles on
I'm sure that's not the physics I wanted but I thought it that's what you knew what is that bush meets the press
It always it you probably already stuck it in your shish then there I queued it up in case you want it now
Bush meets the press seat. Oh, I don't got that in here. Let's hear it
Oh, hey, as you know, I work for Sun Young Moons Washington Times. It's your paper Mr. President
So you don't have to worry about my question. Oh
They're out here. Is there any truth to Howard Dean's hateful leftist liberal rantings that you had previous knowledge of 9-11
Excuse me, she's checking your pieces of working there sting
He will be brought to justice and
And the Tristors wedding new state bc's dismal ratings
Don't not work
Give me milk
We've been coming in now
Uh
Shagal
Let me ask you a question. How long does it go on?
It just goes on I don't think I want to hear it. No, it's not on my DCS because I never played it never was gonna play it
Thanks a lot pal. I take back whatever good things I said about you
Wasn't that the guy with the cigarettes in the weed or whatever?
Crawford Texas somebody says place for the most goober is I stay just show the cover of the national review
Build Buckley's right-wing rag and it's got a picture of Howard Dean on the front and it says please nominate this man
See the crime desperately to paint him is another Michael Duke caucus has been totally unelectable and now all of a sudden now
Who do they say the whistleblower the in-run whistleblower she just endorsed Wesley Clark
It's really fascinating to me how Wesley Clark all of a sudden is coming from nowhere and especially with a minimum lately of other than the
Eraskelhouse the deli then and sloyneys a minimum of
Public appearance and all of a sudden he's just the skyrocket. You see that yeah, what was that all about? I don't know
I mean I don't have a problem because if he's the guy that can win. I mean great, but I just I'm a little bit suspicious
Because it's pretty obvious to me that Howard Dean isn't the choice of the establishment which is probably why he's so damn popular with so many people who don't like the establishment
Which is most of us?
But boy oh boy well he's he's temperamental and he's this and he stole a freight train and he's got his records from Vermont sealed and
He's a scumbag and he's yeah, and all these other things
Let's see here's somebody says the entire state of South Carolina what we can't do that
But let's put Charles and South Carolina on there
Crawford Texas the way to see how fast Crawford moves up that list
It's gonna skyrocket guaranteed and
Somebody says e-ha junction just basically because of the name all our guarantee it lives up to its name
What do you think? Absolutely name the TV show after e-ha
E-ha junction I was called at Yahoo junctions for so long that I look at this thing on paper somebody fast
And I can't really bring myself to believe that it is e-ha junction, but it is e-ha junction
I bet you they got a good stuckey's up there. Yeah, get you some p-can pie
I write in some good peanut brittle and sit there for about 40 50 years
Here's the facts from Frank and Melbourne. Oh, don't tempt me Frank. No, it's not about that
He says happy new year the Bush action figured this on his W with the remote is too funny. You're right
I'm sitting here working to remote changing outfits and wretching pretzels and laughing out loud out loud
Thank you. Thank you. It's the best two-batter was in stock for Christmas. I'm emailing it to everybody
I know thanks a lot fracking Melbourne. It's a hoot. You haven't seen the
Fantastic this on his W action figure hop on the arranges calm. You'll be playing with it all day and the figure too
Nashville Tennessee is in the lead, but it's gonna get some stiff challenges. I guarantee you 42 Jacksonville's got 40 already
Loots 39
Tampa 29
Gainesville 22
Tuscaloosa 11 Houston 5 Greensboro North Carolina 4 Nallens only 3
Lake City Tennessee 2 Pondagora to Florida 2 Rowanoke Virginia 1 winner Hayburn and Florida Crawford Texas just both both went on 201 votes
I
Haven't picked up line nine probably for obvious reason, but we'll give it a shot WQ. I am the anxious line nine. Hello
Yes, sir. Yes, I want to add Ocala
Ocala is good, okay, even horses are moving out of there
Thanks a lot palying hard rate day. Thank you. I'm Jeffy New Year. Ocala Florida man. That's Hoss country. I bet it's beautiful
So many of these places. How about a people transplant, huh?
Come on for the whole state
For the whole state. I mean Florida's I don't want to say it's so beautiful because it really I mean the beaches here
You know there are a lot of nice beaches like Panama City and they got those springs with those weeping willows up there in the North
Park
Yeah, but as you drive I mean, I'm sure you've done a lot like I have driven across the street around the state
There's a lot of just plain flat swamp land. Yeah, right exactly well put swamp land. It's a big swamp
March, most of the state is underwater. We just haven't figured it out yet
It's Joe Mars junior land
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Come in a QAAM. Hello
One of your people know that oh, sure. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good watching last night's local television
Broadcast you know where we got coming to Tampa Florida. I don't know but I know that the boy
I know the bushmeister is in West Palm Beach today, but go ahead a Christian nudist camp
Yeah, we had that on yesterday. Are you did have that on yesterday? Okay?
Well, I just think in the ending plan of the news broadcast. They said
They hate to seal that see them kneeling during services
Welcome, okay, thanks for going to okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 well, you know if you got a little like load
You can always drop a wide to kneel and reel the screaming quick
You know somebody was asking me the other day about dogs about how come dogs don't have to you know if you have a dog
You have to wipe them you don't have to wipe your dogs ass no, I never heard of such a thing now if you have a cat
Like those one of those long-haired cats the ones with the others
Not huh persons no Persian cats don't have long hair sure they do they do
What are you talking about persons are short-haired cats aren't they all right? I'll take your word for it not everyone I've seen I
Thought the persons are the gray short-haired cats am I confusing that with something else a psyme's oh, yeah, psyme's cats
So Persian have a lot about whatever they are I hate cats. I can't stand them all a psyme's I will say some of them are kind of interesting
You know they're not friendly. They look cool. They make a nice sound but still they make a nice sound
Yeah, well they're up against your leg and all that static electricity is going off
I guess if you're real lonely, you know right and if you don't and there's no human if there's no human
Right up against you maybe like a putty cat, you know, they'll eat you which is as close to the putty as you can get
Yeah, they will eat you if you fall on the ground and play dead play possum
They're disgusting, but anyway if you have a like a long-haired cat, which is what I started getting to then you might want to get like a nice
Moist outlet or something and get ready
Oh, because I've heard those stories
Of course the whole concept of cats crap it in the litter boxes
So I don't want to get started on that again. It's just I'll never be as long as I know that's one thing
I'll never be able to adjust to I don't buy it if you have a pet or a child or a
Mall Howard David it or like what's your name Mrs. Wallace on passions just because they're in cotton
It doesn't mean that they can crap in a house, okay?
I just never heard all well we can go away for days at a time and of course they have those feeder things
You know we're a limited amount of food comes automatically down to be a little thing into the bowl
And so you can go away for days on end and leave your putty cat right in there all alone to like your crap in the box
By the way, here's the message to the cat people who think that their houses don't smell they do they do they do
They don't know what you buy they stink
And I say that the dogs think too when you walk into the house
Of somebody that has dogs and as much as I love dogs and I had the two but it smells no matter what you if you
Every day they still smell that's that true. It is true. All right. They have a doggy smell you're wrong
Okay, I'm talking about not you not when you live there
But I'm talking about somebody that's coming in a stranger in a house
Which is a good way to get them out anyway like when if your hope is witness is coming just open up the door and oh man that'll do it
Just hold tiny up right in front of their face. That's a tiny nice going baby. I got to get me a dog, you know, no, I don't do it
Ha ha ha ha ha
I don't know when you've had dogs for a long time and then they croak and it's like
There's a nice robotic dog you turn it off when you're not there. There's so many more negatives than positive
But the fact of the matter is it like leaves a vacuum, you know, that's another reason I'm so happy not to be there because
It's like there's a vacuum in that house robo dog you can put it in your suitcase and take them with you. Yeah
But it's no fun. Sure it doesn't crap in a house
Doesn't crap in the house and it doesn't fall into pool and things like that with the remote control. It'll go crazy
Just like action George
But Nashville Tennessee 43 this on is W
Check it out
212 votes
Nashville's leading and one American city will you find the highest percentage of goobers
43 for Nashville 40 for Jacksonville 40 for alludes
That's got to be more than the permanent population nugger and damn T of that
Tampa 32 gainsville 22
Pesco lucid 12 everybody else single digits. I can't believe noleans is only got three. Well, that's a state of mind thing
Huh, so if you ask people what do you think of the rascal house? Oh my god. That's legendary. It's wonderful
You know you call that a restaurant now
God almighty what a place so if we find out about the humerus being in the rascal houses he coming in today or what we don't know
What does that mean we don't know we're not being told oh, I we're not being told I say well
Do you clearance 19 till noon at Q.a.m
My
And look all this is for 205
And I'm Harry here to tell you about our special place just a short
I'm New York is the
Scope that's where I want to go to get away from it all
In the pocket knows
He can feel
That stuff place of all boy
If you wish I got a nine go for sat at a brunch or for the food on top of your
I hope it's culture in the pocket knows I talk and walk kill
Cam on back in push kill man. Ellie and Johnny they're even Mickey runny
Split rock and let's go
Let's go
And
One and then we'll see us show
with Tony or land
In the pocket
You for the champagne sit by the pool and act like a shot
Let's get the chicks you can be in as girl
Over by the exercise
Hey, Julia. Oh, hey, in the pocket knows I talk and Buck Hill can move back and push kill
My Ellie and Johnny don't forget Mickey and her new
Split rock and let's go
Oh, we let's go pumpkin in the pocket knows
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see a show
With Tony or land
Oh
In the pocket knows let's go if you forget your teeth. I know I got my teeth in the bag with the water in the effort that
Reason I play that that's for our friend. Uh, what's your name Suzanne
Yep, who always every time she fangs at Suzanne always lets me know she's the woman from homestead married to the mexican
She's a nice Jewish girl
Anyway, she says you want to know about Yahoo's she comes from a holly, Pennsylvania
Full of Yahoo's and drunks in the polka nose
Well, it's a little bit too obscure to put on our list, but uh, out of respect for holly
I played that for her and speaking of playing something. I cannot believe
That you put that bush bit in the DCS. I can't believe in the wildest dreams, huh? I did not I found a good disc
Well, I can't believe that you actually dug it up and played it
Don't do it again. Okay, that is god of it. Nobody loves bokeh brine more than I do
But every once in a great while he'll do when it just uh doesn't go anywhere. Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, it doesn't go anywhere. It should go somewhere like in the old
Schmidt can but doesn't go anywhere and that's one of them
And that's probably why I couldn't remember what it was
Steve has a fact with a great idea here
How about a state pool of goobers? I think what we'll do is we'll change the pool at one
Right at one
What do you mean at one? Why do I say we have a chance to build it?
That's just a weird time to change the pool
Are we speaking the same language speeding glaze see
Well, that's changed the pool at one because this is one that we don't we don't have to have the audience contribute to
That's my point see the first one they're calling in joints and places and things and whatever
I mean nobody's gonna catch Nash really even Crawford Texas whilst moving up like I said it's got 11's got a shot
But I think that's a good idea Steve
How about a state pool of goobers which state has got the most goobers
We don't want to say that though
I don't wish it wishes the most red-nucky state something like that
The highest percentage is a good kid
What is it the highest percentage like you did on this one here
Florida
Georgia
North Carolina South Carolina Virginia West Virginia
Kentucky Arkansas Tennessee Texas Louisiana Mississippi Alabama or what Steve has listed here
Now do you think that maybe we ought to like add some on air?
I will think about it
Because you don't have Montana on there for example. In fact, I started to say Montana
No, Idaho right
Those are boobers. What are they retards?
Those are not that they're like rejects human reject. I'd like to differ
Did he leave off?
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty we'll work on it pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line new suspected SARS case in
China oh my god
As China's I see I don't want to get another thing we talked about cats a little while ago in dogs
As China's older confirmed SARS patient is declared recovered and released from hospital
State-run media reported in a Hong Kong a new suspected case of the potentially deadly virus
A 20-year-old waitress has been hospitalized in place in isolation in Guangzhou in Guangdong province
The news agency zinhua reported that today dozens of people in contact with a woman have also been placed in quarantine
But nobody has shown in these SARS symptoms yet
Meanwhile Hong Kong three TV reporters are being tested for SARS after displaying some symptoms of the virus upon returning from visit to Guangdong
Yeah, they made a visit to long dong and other get the virus
Though the men have been listed the suspected SARS cases yet
They've been placed in isolation wards and are in stable condition
They initially had fever, cough and respiratory infections, but chest x-rays were normal and queer clear
More test results expected later today
And come to find out that this woman who's in quarantine now come to find out she was a
Wild game animal eater kind of person
You know what I mean? Yeah, no in other words Chinese
As researchers work to understand the virus scientific evidence of a possible link between SARS and animals from wildlife markets
Popular in the region has forced long a Guangdong authorities into a mass culling
I love the way they say that like when they had the when they had the
Mad counting in England, uh-huh, well, we have to call 20,000 cattle do they call that kill call not kill but call
And that sounds so much cuter right?
Thousands of civet cats considered a local delicacy are being slaughtered after researchers named the animal as the possible source of the virus before it jumped to humans
The government says it wants to slaughter
10,000 civets by Saturday they want to get it done by Saturday despite concerns from the who the WH
Oh
That the massive stimulation could destroy evidence of the origins of the disease
The culling is also something of an embarrassment for Chinese officials who last year
Outlawed the trade civets for four months
But beging later rescinded the ban after pressure from consumers farmers and sellers
So what if we're spreading SARS all around the world and killing a bunch of people we got to do business here
It's yummy
additionally
Want gang Guangzhou officials have launched a major disinfection campaign a bit of an off-ide potential outbreak of SARS
Did you see the tapes on TV on the news of the the culling their scrubbing their scrubbing we're scrubbing
Everything I mean they're wiping and scrubbing and the as well as street cleaning officials aboard today large scale rant extermination program
Damn it there goes dinner
They tend to the star the SARS-Keyesan China's forced much of Asia and the full alert increasing health checks at transit entry points
Such as airports and sea terminals man. It is terminal. I know what that how's wrong with people
I guess when you got a feed of billion people the rice gets a little bit old after while I'm not joking about the rats either the rat yes
I'll be damned why why don't you tell me that when I had the rats in my attic
Oh, see I wasn't gonna put them in the freezer and had some nice delk because he's waiting when I get home or just invited nice family of
Chinese people to stay there for a while
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and what American city will you find the highest percentage of
Goober's red necks Yahoo's nose pickers
WDQA him hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Great poll today brings back a lot of memories
You still have a caller that from loot loot from loose. Do you guys have any recording to that?
I just got through planet a little while ago chronic from loops. Oh, I didn't hear it damn
Damn, happy news. Okay back to you
Yeah, we got that chronic from loot spit. I don't know you ought to dig it up haven't played it all the time
I'll tell you one thing
I would have played it again as opposed to if I didn't know which bit that was you were talking about oh god
In fact, if I had to pick the worst bit that Volker Brian ever did
Ever I mean ever ever and there's a few he's done it. I never played
But that would have to be it. It's just
Just goes on like that forever. Yeah, so in other words, I may be accurate, but it's a little bit ponders
Kind of like the president himself
A little ponders help us this birthday today. What do you say anybody here? No, huh?
Let's show some respect to the king
Absolutely do you know tell you one thing there's a guy's gonna be low
They keep firing everybody that works with him and he's gonna be real only in that studio
Casey to the late Zach got blown out by the moe master absolutely off the morning show as he continues
And of course people could turn around and say well you guys can't be your boy
I don't think we can't it. I think he can't himself right the only person ever got came off of this show
And I said very proudly with Scott junior
Who went who will look you straight in the eye?
Well, no, he looked at the ceiling and with one eye and the other eye maybe look you in the eye and tell you that he deserved to be fired that
He's a nutcase a nut job. Am I right?
He's in fact he may be from one of these plays. I don't think he's from Jersey at all
I think he's from one of these places we got on the pole today
But Zach gets blown out a good guy like by everyone a great eater
Always a cleanses plate
Right
You won't find a drop a crumb on that table out there and that food counter out there in the hallway by clearance is orifice
you won't find a drug on a day that the
Zach is there he cleans it up
But no he ain't good enough for moe no mo
As he just continues playing fast and loose with the entire radio station and Greg is a little bit like that
Greg is just you know just hands off
I mean the fact that we can't even and let me also point out this not only can't we find out about whether hang's gonna be on today
Not only are we got any tickets to give away on this show like all the other shows on the station because of sports because of that
Did we get any input or output or up your ass put from muffler clearance today about the fact about our Wednesday one to two hour
Of course not because it's not a sports show they don't give a crap. They don't care if we sit here going like
Like that for four hours
There's an idea
No, but seriously what does that tell you you would have thought there'd been some kind of commentary some kind of opinion some kind of something some kind of input no
That is grace
So we'd like to use Zach you'll need it. We told him for a long time watch your back Zach and he knew it
He knew it was coming
You know it was just a matter of time before the grumpy old man were finally stabbed him
Just stick it in there and twisted
WQ a and hello
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil speaking
Hey Neil you
The semis because semis actually even the sound of it is good
I've been there I ride I've been there because semi you've been cassimmy sure on a way to Orlando
Cheaper to stay there and then travel to the
Parks from I think I think I've had it with Orlando Orlando in Vegas
I don't think I have any need for either one of them ever again Orlando
Won't see him no more. I wonder what ever happened to him
Don't you sometimes wonder what happened to some of the interesting people and even some of the boring people
So the kid huh some of them like that kid from Cincinnati that did the rap song what that was in any of that song he did
The rap song yeah
The king to IOD and recorded that rap song was a bit that we used to play he was from Cincinnati
Okay, sad sad soul. What is the whole bunch of them
5 6 7 0 5 60 I think it knew like I said we changed the pool
Close this out right
No one
Why do you say that just to be contrary? No, I think I think they've laid it out there for us 261 votes
What American city would you find the highest percentage of goobers? I mean we can you know push it till two
That's it. We're just pushing to our what's the point no pushing don't push it
Loots is just lead to the top all right. I am sight now, man
Loots 47, which has got to be double the permanent population of that town at Yahoo place
Nashville 46 Jacksonville 43 Tampa 39
So another and gainsville 28 sort of the top five for our Florida
Crawford Texas is moving up nicely 19 who's making a big move Tuscaloosa, Alabama 13
Houston, Texas 7 e-ha junctions got the 7
Greensburn, North Carolina 6th Punnigorda 4 Lake City, Tennessee 3 no all-ins 3
O'callows got appear rolling oak for junior one Charleston South Carolina one and winner haven't don't have any
269 votes winner haven't doesn't have any
Which I still always wonder you know what I wonder goes well no, what do you wonder maybe they don't have a pewter
Maybe they don't have access to a computer right now they call in they get us to suggest and then winds up with no votes
Happens all the time maybe they're speeding home right now to vote and it's gonna be changed by the time they get there good
Sure some right to that's till noona q and we got mad dog at two and somebody at four is it the hopper is it the load
Only time will tell
I'm from a alien
ah
I like rubbing my smelly grill ass with soap made from Jews. I'm listening to the near
Ro que moderns the hour
Oh
 
And there's a smell that makes you cry.
So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my straightened fingers squeezed on it for the age.
It's not hard to hold the stand in a diabetic big fat man.
It can't really wise up me and be no deceit.
It's so goddamn embarrassing.
Every mother's making fun of me.
An ancient with a fancy gate.
Ever thought through its doll of a day.
Ain't too personal that night.
But I had to try it once.
It takes about 10 days to be finished and finally eat.
When you do daily inside my holy senate basement kinslu rocking roll,
your tummy twins 4.
Oh
That's enough of a thanks
You just remind me why I really didn't like all this for long. Oh you needed that song. Oh God
Anyway, let's change that pool. Give me the final result of this one. I don't know it was a good idea
But I mean you had a good point in the beginning we could name like 50,000 different small hiccups because that's America for you baby
How many sophisticated places are there in America when you come right down to it?
But third man. Yeah, I think that's pushing it. Where's that? That's pushing it? Oh, I'm sorry the left coast
New York
Frisco Seattle all in fact places Seattle Portland
Chicago
Philadelphia, Washington
Right, right
I guess LA and some respects
That's it
That's it
I'm always getting everything in Boston
I'm a Boston's got like all those places of higher yearning and learning
Well, that's the Catholic Church for you man. See that's another place like Montreal Montreal great city
Really I'll need interesting stuff just grotesque people needs a people transplant Boston got all these colleges and universities living in
Reading people and Harvard and MRT and all this stuff
But the Catholic Church runs with an iron hand like they do with the Vatican and so they always abandon this and ban and
Tinney clubs and this and that and so everything has to be banned in Boston books. You name it
And on the one hand you got the Kennedys
And then you got like father Cushing that used to be in charge of the he used to be the Archdiocese
The head man father Cushing he used to give the head
Anyway, all we got to do is change one word on this poor Eric make it real easy for it plus of course all the names
In one American state will you find the highest percentage of goobers wasn't that a act of
In the
Added a few on there that I thought was right so we can just leave that up there
So means in the last two hours I can do all my bed times through is which have a lot
I'm gonna think of you, huh? I mean we'll take a few calls also
We can talk more about goobers and rednecks and Yahoo's nose because I'm sure we have many of them listening
Right now well what you laughing about yeah, I mean, it's not like we're talking
We I noticed that when we named the bastions of great intellectualism
We weren't talking about anywhere in South Florida
I noticed we didn't name like Miami or higher Lea or sweet water or a plantation acres or Pembroke pines or
Pembroke Lake or cemetery village or sunrise or Pompano Beach. No, we didn't do any of those things
Because let's face it
It's a big hicktown
What about Wilton manners while don't pick it on in now
They're not goobers you pick another not
They're neighbors they're like tubers. They like shooting you to
Oh, I'm what I what are you must be psychic look at this story Dean says faith sway decision on gay unions
How do you like that? And what did I tell yesterday about him?
Groding how he's gonna start playing the religion card now because he's been pushed into it with a special
Especially in the South where all the Bible thumpers are don't do it how he
He's already doing
Muscatine Iowa. I love that name muscatine muscatel
Muscat here don't rather to smear it on or drink it
Democratic frontrunner Howard Dean said yesterday his decision is governor to sign the bill legalizing civil unions for gays in Vermont
Was influenced by his Christian views as he waited deeper to be growing political religious and culture debate over homosexuality and the
Vibles view of it. What about those homosexuals?
The overwhelming did I ever tell you that story about WLAC in Nashville?
I've told you that for a long time ago. So it's worth telling again here. I'm doing
I guess the hours would have been like
Seven I don't know six to ten or seven of 11 at night on WLAC in Nashville November of 1980
What would Dick Casper dick was great? I like dick then I like dick now
My problem is he's dead
But no and WNW West was going down the tubes already at that point because of Luke Cron
I shouldn't pick on that cuz his kid works for our station for power, but nevertheless lose an asshole
But anyway, so I went off to Nashville and Bill Cauter went up there with me and Charlie campus and of course WLAC has got
50,000 watts. I forget what the frequency is 1510 I believe
WLAC John R. used to be on her John Richmond, Richburg
Back in the days in the 50s and 60s playing rock music and the soul and all that other crap anyway
And so here I'm doing a talk show with like in a station that could be here in 48 states because at night time of course
There was big 50,000 watt stations boom all across the country at least they used to anyway
And I come in do the for and from the very first show I was there for a month, which is as much as I could take
talk about goobers and
The very first night I'm a punch up the phone
Hey, Neela. What do you think about the homosexuals?
And then come to fight out I didn't fight on till after I left that it was somebody from Miami who was like a set up job
You know as an inside people I love the show, but it was just you know with their idea of humor like the people would say
Shamba those people they love the show, but that's their idea being
like that
Anyway, the overwhelming evidence is that there is a very significance of Stancho genetic component to it Dean Sedman interview yesterday
From a religious point of view if God had thought homosexuality was a sin. He wouldn't have created gay people
Dean's comments come as gay marriage is emerging as a defining social issue of the 2004 elections and one that's
dividing the Episcopal Church in the US many other Christians and non-Christians that have a scapegoat all
Yeah, I mean what's life without a scapegoat? Right what's religion without a hell and without a scapegoat?
Driving the debate is a theological dispute over the Bible's view on homosexuality and a political one over the secular and spiritual wisdom of allowing
Gays to marry Dean said he doesn't often turn his faith when may uh doesn't often turn to his faith when making policy decisions but
Sighted the civil union bill as the time that he did
My view of Christianity is that the hallmark of being a Christian is to reach out to people who have been left behind
He told reporters Tuesday
So I think there was a religious aspect of my decision to support civil unions
Earlier Tuesday when he and other candidates were asked to debate whether religions influence and their policy decisions
Dean was the only one not to respond
In an interview yesterday Dean said I don't go through an inventory like that when making public policy decisions
Dean has been expanding on his religious views in the series of conversations with reporters
But his remarks the last two days for the first time he's talked about how his faith has influenced his policy making
Dean said he doesn't consider homosexual obvious in but nonetheless opposes gay marriage
The civil unions bill he signed as my governor in 2000 granted homosexual couples the same rights and protection as if they were married
Among the nine democratic presidential contenders represented Dennis Kassinich former senator carol mostly brown and Al Sharpen's support gay marriage
How do you like that? I like it. Why is carol mostly brown running? Can it's something to do
Yeah, well she lost an Illinois for her sentancy when she want to get reelected she lost there. So you're right something to do
He goes for it. I mean she's not she's good. I like her
He says a lot of the right thing. She's good. You go girl all that stuff
You have a better chance of winning right
Well
You have a better no
Oh, and speaking of having a great chance of winning
The New Republic endorses Jew Lieberman man and the new republic stopped being like a credible magazine many many years ago
As soon as they made Morton contract you the editor of new republic, which he's long gone
But nevertheless he's the one that turned that into a rag it's a joke
Democratic presidential hopeful Jew Lieberman received a strong endorsement yesterday from the new republic magazine
Which said the senator from Connecticut offers the clearest bravest vision for the Democratic party
Right, we can just call it Republican party late
In its endorsement the moderate political journal gave a blistering assessment of frontrunner Howard Dean
Saying the former Vermont governor doesn't possess the leadership skills to head the party not to mention the country
The Democratic party is racing back to the 80s with interest groups enforcing litmus test on everything from
Partial birth abortion to steel tariffs and party activist dangerously out of touch with the country
That feels threatened by terrorism not by Donald Rumsfeld the new republic said
Dean has created this mood of self-righteous delusion and his competitors have to varying degrees accommodate themselves to it
Only Lieberman the supposed candidate of appeasement is challenging his party and during booze at event after event to articulate a different better vision of what it means to be a Democrat
Oh my god. I want to be ill
Wow and then enough to make you want to puke
You
More than one new the endorsement came his new polls showed retired army general Wesley Clark
Emerging as a strong challenger to dean while Lieberman reigns far in the behind
With his tits and his months abroad pay us
Right, he's got kind of a pay us the complexion
Oh, remember I was talking to you the other day about Robert DuVon. Yes
See that first caller the second caller the first one was a good call your step
The second one that asked for who just wants to the other side of his own voice was given the lecture about what you know a lot of the stuff that you read
We already heard or know about a lot of stuff that's on your website. He's full of crap
He just trying to get you to not do that anymore. He's full of crap. Yeah, he's another probably a bush look
He's probably looking bush right now
Anyway, here's another example Robert DuVon see it's in the Sunsental this morning
DuVon says money was Godfather three issue
I love Robert DuVon
As an actor personally, I'm beginning to just have my doubts. You need to see that one scene from the apocalypse now
Yeah, what why is that because it's it's phenomenal. You'll you'll watch it over and over again. That's performance ever
I'm gonna have a tough time before I get back to Bobby DuVon and voting on this uh this other than I had no problem at all in the first one
I struggled a little
Tampa I mean Tampa to me for a city of that size. I just it is shocking even scour neighborhood after neighborhood block after block
uh, it's just amazing
and
You just can't find anybody that don't look like a mugwamp man like a goober
I'm serious
I got a room in the shopping mall there sure and we had 5,000 goobers there. They sure loved us until Randy started doing that bull-like thing
Oh, they like that too. No, they did not like that not with her. Okay, Jim that's
What are you looking for me? No, see they could tolerate one fact
They could put up with me for a while but then when they had the her start doing that dyke you think they're oh my god
This is a bunch of goddamn
Faggot's over there. It's what it is. Figgot. Yeah, so what's the point?
We don't count to know. Figgot's up here. Well, but I'll tell you this
They're sure happened to be a lot of them over there in Tampa. Just drop your planes first gave our ever went to and my life was in Tampa
It was called Rene's some paintings ready for that
1972 or three or something like that. How many years ago is that?
Absolutely no, about
I'm on my butt out you asshole. Moffired to Zach off his show by the way is uh to this week
asshole
John
Jereema faxes and says when I first got here I walked into local bar and everybody looked at me
The bartender asked me where I was from. I told him New Jersey. He asked what I did. I told him I was a taxidermist
He asked what was that? I said a person who stuffs dead animals. He all out to the crowd. He's okay. He's one of us
Hahaha
That's great that is outstanding
That before but it's cool but it's cute and fits right in. So no
I'm gonna have a tough time figuring out which state I'm gonna vote for
It's a real battle. Anyway, we'll get back to Bobby Duvall
1213 at 560 WQM are you in a really crappy dead end jobs act if you're underpaid and maybe
Out of Schmitzluck new years resolutions don't just tap and you have to put your plans into action
You have to get off your ass and do something.
All you have to do is reach over and grab the phone and call fast train right now to get
the ball rolling.
Call 1-866 fast train.
Classes are underway right now during January.
If you're committed, you dedicated fast train can assist you in becoming a Certified Computer
Professional in just four short months.
What a piece of cake it is.
That's right, you can get you a new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
And the demand for a Certified Computer Professionals is right now at an all-time high.
It's getting bigger and bigger and the demand as well.
Fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes, job placement, assistance
and financial aid for guys who qualify.
So call right now, call fast train tool 3-1-866 fast train until an old time-dreck told
you to call and spread you to make that call.
Check out fast train on the web at fast train.com.
Don't miss the train of opportunity this year.
Hop on it at 1-866 fast train.
We're supporting you 5-6-1-2-A-M.
We're supporting you 5-6-1-2-A-M.
We're supporting you 5-6-1-2-A-M.
So how do you like to have the family parody after the year after the Kings get shot in
a leg?
We got a low low low parody, I like right off the bat.
Let's go eight.
12-18 at 5-60 WQ-Anyway Robert Duvall getting back to him.
All of us should probably take that call online too first.
QA-M, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Hey, because Dr. Nail.
Speaking.
Hey.
If you hate Las Vegas.
Yeah.
You really hate brands in Missouri.
Really?
Why do you say I hate Las Vegas?
I didn't say I hated, I'm burdened out on it.
I don't hate it.
Why?
It's nice.
Let me say it again, I'm burdened out on it.
I left enough of a contribution.
It's just ponderous.
I mean, after a while, it's just you move on to other things.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
So light up another one's a sweetheart.
Wow.
Woo!
Man, he must have a good smit going.
Yeah, you can almost smell it.
Hmm.
Maybe just outside the window here.
Why do you know how liberal they are here?
Damn it.
Damn Canadians.
Speaking of Canadians, I got a story about Sony pop.
They banned it in the schools.
I got that later on.
That's not going to do anything with all due respect.
Okay, to my fat Canadian friends, they ain't going to cut the mustard.
I say cut the crap.
And they got just everybody as much as all the fast food joints here is you do anywhere else.
It's just as the big companies, the multinational corporations continue,
plundering and looting and poisoning the earth and the people.
Beautiful thing.
Just like that story about all the species, they're going to be a stink pretty soon.
But there is no such thing.
Here's no such thing as global warming.
That's just a commie pinko thing that you know, eco Nazi people like Ted, Ted Danson
and Paul Newman keep screaming about.
They just made it up.
Anyway, actor Robert DuVal says the money was the reason he didn't appear in Francis
for Coppola's Godfather 3.
An interview to Aaron 60 minutes, too.
Oh, it was last night.
I would have wish I would have seen that.
Oh, well, damn it.
He says if they paid Al Pacino twice what they paid me, that's fine.
But not three or four times, which is what they did.
DuVal 73 told 60 minutes to correspond with Charlie Rose excerpt to release an advance.
Coppola came to my farm, parked his car, went into the kitchen.
I said, I know you always wanted the crab cake recipe.
Let me cook it for you.
Oh, he loves to eat so I cooked a crab cake, wrote it down and he forgot it.
So we called twice.
He was more concerned that he forgot the crab cake recipe than that I would be in Godfather
3.
How do you like that?
DuVal was nominated for a supporting actor Oscar for his role as Tom Hagen in 1972 as
the Godfather.
He also starred in 74's Godfather Part 2.
He won a Best Actor Oscar for 83's tender mercies.
His other top films included Apocalypse Now, The Apostle and a Civil Action.
How come they left out network?
What about, what I'm just tired of it?
I'm tired of it all, man.
Give it, screw everybody.
He was so great in network, man.
Yeah, well, give it up.
God.
He was, what that was his name in network.
Frank Hackett, oh, yeah, you beat me to it.
Frank Hackett.
A man named Frank Hackett is sitting in the chair where Mr. Ruddy used to be.
What do you mean?
I don't think we have any network.
Just don't know.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I don't think we have any Tom Hagen clips.
The only one where he was, what I mean, can you stop this my friend?
Who ran?
He was speaking to him.
Do you think we have any?
Well, I would be embarrassing.
We don't have one Tom Hagen clip.
Call up a being a boy.
I mean, we got a few, we got a few centino.
You're taking a story, person like that.
And like a confirmation.
Oh, oh, God, it's so good.
But anyway, Robert Dubals, a great actor.
I wish I would have seen that last night.
Somebody you all didn't see to call us and tip this off, but they didn't do it.
Shame on you people.
Now, let's see before we start taking a few of these great calls and interspersed with
these fantastic stories, I M F says rise in US debt is threat to world's economy.
Not that you people ought to be worried about that at all, of course.
Not that anybody on the talking head networks who don't even inform you about this or certainly
not on CNBC since they're a puppet of the administration anyway now, since it's GE and
they're all in bed together, since it's all via camera, all by the same crowd.
In which American state will you find the high percentage of goobers are asking now?
I'm poll number two, 64 votes.
And so far West Virginia's got 12.
Now, why the hell would that be?
Because it's true.
All the coal mining Yahoo's.
Yeah, is it true?
I'm trying to think if I ever was in West Virginia, I'm sure I've been through there.
I've driven through it.
I don't see there's a reason that there's a Virginia, you know, West Virginia.
Yeah, there's a North Carolina and a South Carolina.
Yes, when one when one state pushes all the goobers to one side and they give them their own.
I don't give me that crap North Carolina didn't push all the goobers out of you.
You're crazy, but they try.
Oh, please.
When was the last time you were there or the first time long ago?
Say many years ago.
And I drove real fast.
West Virginia 12 Mississippi 10 with a van to one unique Alabama 9 Florida 8 Texas 7 Tennessee's only got three.
Oh, man, you folks must be Schmitt and me.
We've never been there.
Tennessee's got a lot of Tennessee holy cow.
I voted for what I voted for Georgia, which also has three.
And you won the why why?
Because even there may not be any places entry.
There is a place called planes doger.
And when you got the president's brother peeing outside, you know, on the walls and you think that's got to tell you something right there.
So I think planes might just be entry.
Arkansas's got three South Carolina three and the small potatoes after that.
We're just building this one out.
North Carolina's got a pair Louisiana two and Kentucky one out of one.
Not yet for Virginia.
And then I see you added some other ones on here.
Sure.
Montana, which I thought you told me is not the goobers.
It's not.
I own another Colorado into Brasca.
Now they do have boys.
You're selling a Brasco short missed roughly that right now.
Omaha.
Well, that's the middle of the Bible belt.
I'm going to tell you so I've told you this before and you just listen to me.
Some of the most hottest looking people of any variety.
Somebody can figure out what they are in Omaha.
Wow.
What a corn fed spoon fed.
They're hot.
It could be said for some of the Southern girl.
Not the fat toothless ones you see on Jerry.
Yeah.
Before they get fat and they're teaching the ones who aren't trailer trash.
How many of those are there in the South?
About the right.
Still come out of the trailer.
Let's see.
Booge in for we just found out it says the Humper is like right on the edge of a recovery.
But it doesn't want to push it too far.
You know what I'm saying?
So we got the Booge again today, which is on the first day of the new rating period.
And we're a pretty psychotic about that.
Come on, Humper.
Get over there.
Even half a load is better than none.
That was right.
That's what Mo would say half a load is better than none.
Hey, Mo by the way, we hate you even more than we did yesterday, which is.
If you want to told me yesterday that today I would hate more twice as much as I hated
a mere status said, impossible is what I would have said.
Not not possible.
A new one coming after you here after hearing that crap.
Oh, here's a more.
Is this cute?
I heard your cat bashing and taking a section with your comments cats are a great alternative
for those who live in condos and can't own dougs.
Well, I do agree that litter boxes are foul and nasty.
They're not always necessary.
I have a four year old tabby I trained to use the toilet my spare bathroom.
I applaud your efforts to raise money for the event that rescue.
But please reconsider your cat stance sincerely.
I'm Morris.
I'd love to see Morris's stance on a bowl when you.
Yeah, Morris just fell in.
And you don't have to have a cat to be oppressed by them.
They'll come and spray your house and your tires.
I talked about that.
Can't I had a Michigan state at Abbott Hall during a summer school?
I figured it didn't show up mostly during the regular session.
So I went to summer school and I was in Abbott Hall, which was a girls dorm.
I think they knew something.
And this cat showed up and I don't know.
I took it in one day and I was a bad mistake.
I gave it some milk or whatever and it just and that was it.
Yeah, and it wouldn't go away.
And so we keep coming around and I would come into my room and I'd pick it up and heap it against the wall.
Stuff like I shouldn't admit that should I.
It's bad.
No, but it didn't hurt him obviously or her or whatever it was.
Didn't hurt it.
And it just will keep coming back.
It was just desperate for attention and affection and love.
And I just kept slamming it not slamming it, but heaving it.
You know, heaving it gently against the wall.
And it just it was fine.
Didn't hurt it.
It was kind of like Greg Reed.
You know where there's no sense.
There's no feeling.
27 pass known at 560 WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing folks.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
Zero closing costs, zero application fees,
zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points.
So get yourself the new low interest rate of only 1.25%.
If you have $100,000 on your payments or a mere $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 on your pay only $668 a month.
Can't beat it.
Don't forget once you be financed you'll get you a new home mortgage
from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So column toll free, 1-800-940-LIN.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property
without further cost of expense.
There's zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees.
You pay zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
So get yourself the new low refinancing rate of just 1.25%
and never pay closing costs again.
Ask about the only one mortgage when you call financial group toll free 1-800-940-LIN.
That's 1-800-940-LIN.
The Renewable Housing Letter restrictions do apply.
Rates are subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
I am the hall.
This is 4.21 PICY.
QAM.
Rogers guy.
I can't believe it, George.
You got something by little squiggly Jerry with his, um,
with a scoring factor.
Any time they see that we're lacking in the pool.
They promote a headline that will be you by the,
but no, absolutely.
You got it.
You say 9-11 is what they got you to do.
Can't get any government,
but a one party car on the green.
You believe what they say,
but no, absolutely.
You got it.
From 32 at 560 W.
You got sucked in by little squiggly Jerry,
a K.A. 8 million other names who's using even a new format on the fact that I didn't fool me,
didn't understand it.
I see. Well,
it's another one of those.
Oh, you're attacking Howard again and you have a right now on one of those stupid things.
Blow out your ass, little Jerry.
Carl and Homestead says,
if I thought for one minute you were responsible for Feral's firing,
which I was not,
I would fly up there and kiss your big fat ass.
Listening to him was like listening to a pack of Feral cats having sex,
good riddance to him says Carl and Homestead.
Well, I hate to break the news to your Carl and Homestead,
but most of this audience liked him a lot.
How do you like that?
Where did they come up with that that I'm responsible?
Yeah, well, I guess everything's my fault.
Right.
Probably also the fault that Mo Blue Zackoff is sure too,
because Zack actually liked us a lot,
and we are talked about him.
And so, therefore,
you know, it was just a matter of time.
Of course, anybody on Mo Show was always just a matter of time.
That would have made a difference
if we hated Zack.
Well, maybe that would have.
Yeah, just have a spidey with a kept-a-moner.
We hate you, Zack.
Oh, it's too late.
Yeah.
Britney's hometown not laughing at joke marriage.
Speaking of Yahoo plays,
Kent would, oh, I want to change my vote.
No, I'm not seriously a loser,
and a man, forget about Joe,
and you forget about how's Louisiana doing on their pool?
I mean, Louisiana.
Never had the play.
Oh, geez, three votes.
You never were there?
No, sorry.
Holy moly.
Well, watch the paper ten or twenty times again.
Okay?
Believe me, what you see is what you get.
I mean, in fact, when you see all of those statistics,
all of the surveys about which state has got spent the most
on per child education,
Florida is always like 49th,
and Louisiana is always 50th.
So, try to pick out the-
think of the rest of Florida.
All these places we were talking about today, like Loots and two-egg,
and stuff like that.
And then, think of taking it down a couple of notches.
See what I'm saying?
The other visited places where they didn't have no running water.
Oh, or in your-
Or in your plum and still use the outhouse.
If they had run a water,
Louisiana, some of you have to teach them how to use it.
And we're to stick it.
Kentwood, Louisiana, if Britney Spears marriage was just a joke on too far,
the people in her hometown think the jokes stinks.
The people in Kentwood, Louisiana,
population twenty-two hundred have been cut off in the media friends,
and are thinking,
what's Britney done for Kentwood lately?
Just kind of like what's Michael Jackson done for Dark Folks lately, huh?
But what a scam that was trying to get in the nation of Islam.
And all of a sudden he's like,
wouldn't surprise me if his complication starts dark enough again pretty soon.
He's gonna start getting some of that old black paint that Al Jolson used to use.
That old black magic?
That old black magic.
That's it.
Maybe you can get some of that Kiwi shoe polish from Ronnie Ray Gunn.
Reporters staked out the family home of her ex-husband, Jason Ella,
her ex-husband, Jason Ella Alexander, who is really, I mean, he's definitive Louisiana.
Have you seen his ears yet?
Oh, man, there's a picture right here.
They didn't need to spend all that money on the Martian Rover.
He could have flown it up there for him.
The sheriff was called into dispersed crowds two days in a row.
Alexander's grandfather says Alexander's father had a closest gay-rash
where he works as a mechanic because reporters kept intruding on Monday.
The co-owner of a hair salon says she wishes the improvement of her own town
got as much attention as Spears Wedding.
Another resident says she's not building character.
She's not a mentor to anybody.
Nobody wants her to be a mentor.
You idiot.
You just want to hop on her bones, you mean it?
Yeah.
These are going to bury their head in her boobies and just bang the crap on her.
However, her worker at the Kentwood Museum says Spears is just a very nice hometown country girl.
That's what it says.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, Audi AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Louisiana baby.
I don't care how this pool comes out.
I just, I just got a real awakening.
Man, is that a place or what?
Alabama's leading so far in which American state would you find the highest percentage of goobers?
Goobers, man.
Goobers.
Alabama 20 West Virginia 15, Mississippi 14.
Just changed again.
Alabama 22 West Virginia 16.
Florida 14, Mississippi 14, Arkansas 11.
Texas 10, Tennessee 7, Georgia 6.
South Carolina 5.
I can't believe you people, man.
You ain't never been in Louisiana.
Kentucky, North Carolina, Louisiana each have three Idaho one.
Nobody else has none out of 116.
It's a little preliminary to start them to conclusions.
But man, Louisiana's only got three.
Holy crap, man.
Wow.
You see like, like in Georgia, the people there are crackers.
Right.
The only thing they do with crackers in Louisiana is put them in there like chicken gumbo.
You know?
Mmm, gumbo.
Yeah.
All that hot spicy food, I think gets to their brain or something or maybe inside their-
Correct.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
WBQAM.
Yeah, I'll put the Indiana on the list.
Indiana car actually should be on there.
You're right.
Thank you so much.
Sounds a little like Reverend Jones, didn't it?
Yes it did.
That's okay, but he's right.
That wasn't him.
Just another Yahoo.
Indiana wants me.
That's what Ardine Taylor said.
I lived in Hollywood, Indiana.
And this guy is right.
And how many times have I told you about Indianapolis?
Oh, yeah.
You think because it's in Indiana like you look on the map and it's like in the middle of the country or like even a little bit north of center.
And so you think that the people there will be like city slickers.
They talk with deep southern draw Indianapolis.
The only good thing about that town is Bob and Tom.
Other than that, you can just Schmidt-Kannett.
So let's get Indiana on there, okay?
Third.
Okay, excellent.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I wonder if there's anybody in this audience who's been in Louisiana more than like two or three minutes.
Let's see if I'm exaggerating or not.
It's just it is just amazing.
I mean, just dumber than sawdust.
Dumber than our management.
Somebody QAM?
You know, God want for you.
Yes, sir.
I alia.
I want fun with my daughter here.
Yeah, okay. Great.
The state of high alia.
I think this guy's in the state of confusion.
Maybe the death of senior crews put him over the age.
What about states?
That other countries.
Yes, states not third world countries.
Okay, Schmuck.
Amigo.
Amigo Mio.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
I think one of the greatest accomplishments they can write it on my tombstone.
It'll make those 31 people happy.
Want to dance on my grave.
They can carve it right on there.
He sold Luis Miguel Records to Redneck's in Tampa.
Remember that?
That's my, that's my greatest accomplishment.
I'm not going to change anybody's political opinions.
I'm not going to change the world.
But I actually inspired the cracker Redneck Yahoo's in Tampa to go to their record stores and buy Luis Miguel Records.
That was, and I'm not talking about the people in Ebor City, no speaking in glaze.
They weren't listening to us anyway.
I'm talking about actual born again, Bible thumping, Yahoo, a stick-hate-n-uh, Jew-hate-n-uh, etc.
Or speaking of that, let's hear it for all of illegal aliens, while the sudden, cool, pretty soon you're going to be like, okay in our book.
I don't want to talk about that yesterday because it makes me sick to my stomach.
Not that it was pandering, you understand?
No.
That's how we want that spit vote.
No.
The most out of South Florida where they already got it.
What a joke.
What a disgrace.
They're people waiting right now who filled out all their paperwork, waiting patiently.
Like legitimate people.
Right.
No people who sneak in illegally.
That's tomato papers, lawbreakers.
And to hear the rationalization, oh well they had some bitch on CNN yesterday.
They gave her like about a five minute uninterrupted, somebody from the administration.
And they just let her give propaganda, bap bap bap bap bap.
And nobody challenged her.
These people are here, Elaine.
And she, well, these are very productive people and their paying taxes and they have jobs.
Yeah, they have jobs that maybe some other schlepper might want.
And even Americans don't want to hear illegally.
Right.
We don't want illegal aliens being legitimized just so that President Bush can get a few more speak votes out of like the Southwest somewhere.
And if they would pay normal wages, then Americans would take those jobs.
Not to mention one of the one of these very few issues that the Republican Party has ever had that I would agree with them on is,
is illegal immigration, the whole immigration issue.
I agree with them 8 million percent and not like a turn ass like this and suck up to illegal aliens and say, hey, listen, that's the K-year Amidus, man.
What a pile of crap.
So obvious and so flagrant.
This is the thing that just frost my ass and have to control myself again, getting upset because I can't do nothing about it.
It's how stupid the people are.
Which I'll get to don't let me forget that article.
The S-factor explains Bush's popularity by Neil Starkman in the Monday Seattle Post Intelligence Circuit.
It's on our website.
Boys, this is a great article.
So it's right now, it's got a thumb right on it.
In fact, I'm going to do it the soon.
1241 at 560 WKN or something you folks out of do soon.
If your old mattress has served its purpose and if it's, you know, lumpy and worn out, they don't last forever.
That's the bad news.
The good news is you can make one easy call and get used great night sleep for months and years to come from my close personal pizons at Dilem mattress.
Celebrate the new year in comfort with the new mattress and Dilem mattress.
They got all the top brands and they're excited and proud and thrilled on champ championship lineup.
Steerings of the Danis Foster is the finest mattress made anywhere in America.
And you can sleep on one as soon as tonight.
If you call 1-800 mattress right now.
And Dilem mattress also carries the complete line of Celi, Serta, Simmons, King Corlan, Temperpede 2.
Choose from dozens of models that low, unbeatable every day discount prices.
No bait and swish, no phone EVS, just the top merchandise, the top goods going anywhere.
Only Dilem mattress lets you pick that two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule when it's convenient for you.
Any day of the week, seven days from 8 in the AM till 10 at night with low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal.
And of course delivery deal like this.
It's easy to see why Dilem mattress is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
So do what George and MacGiellen, yours truly and not of other people at QM are doing all the smart folks.
Who else got one?
Fat boy.
Oh, Boka Brian.
Boka Brian as well?
Like I said, all the smart people.
You know what I forgot to play today?
Hi, I'm Paulie.
Even Fat Boy got that extra queen or whatever the hell that thing is.
Excuse the smart thing, call 1-800-MATR-ES right now, 1-800-MATR-ES, or check them out online at mattress.com.
My line is local.
We're sports radio 560s, you and UAM.
To love your baby, despite the fact that you gave her a really bad name.
And now your baby can hear her awful moniker when you order a personalized copy of the bad baby named CD.
A little girl, true, have pleasant dreams about our things might happen if your parents named you something better than girl true.
No matter which horrible name you've cursed your offspring with, it can be a part of each beautiful song on the bad baby named CD.
Young Gaylord, try to fall asleep.
You still have a few years before your brutally jives in public school. Young Gaylord.
We don't know what you were thinking when you named your newborn, but we're sure you'll think the bad baby named CD is perfect for your son or daughter who legally changed their name once they turned 18.
Oh, birth, oh, with a name like that, when you grow up, you'll be fat, oh, birth, oh.
You already made one gasoline mistake when you named your child. Why not make another one and order the bad baby named CD?
Our operators Eugene and Mabel are standing by. Call now.
And if birth has a younger sister, she could be after birth.
Oh, and what do you call Gaylord for short?
Oh, I don't want to go there.
Anyway, 1246 at 560 WQM, here's a great, it's short. It's short. That's amazing, isn't it? It's actually short.
I knew it, Gaylord. Did you? Was he gay? Oh, so gay. Was he really?
It was. I'll be damned. Alabama, I'm moving in the lead by the way with a banjo on it's knee. Alabama's got 26 votes.
He just love Alabama. Come on down now.
25 votes. Sorry. West Virginia 19, Mississippi 17. Florida does doing well 16. What state's got the highest percentage of goobers?
Just changed on me again. I want to see how Louisiana is doing. Is it moving up a little bit?
Louisiana still got only six. It's sucking wind. It's 2468. Who do we appreciate?
Louisiana's down there in ninth place. It'll do better.
I guess these people ain't never been to Louisiana. The only place they would have been in Louisiana would have been Nalins, I guess.
Because they were drunk and all hell.
I forgot what a toilet it was. That's part of the problem.
The S factor explains Bush's popularity writes Neil Starkman and the Seattle Post Intelligencer.
So forget to read that article. The S factor.
Oh, okay.
Mayions of words have been written as to the motivations of voters, particularly in close elections as in the 2000 presidential contest,
pundits and lay people alike of spectally that my people voted for whom.
The exit poll has been a major tool in this speculation, but the speculation misses the mark by far.
It's increasingly obvious, for example, that none of the so-called theories can explain present and bushes popularity, such as it is.
Even at this date in his presidency, after all that's happened, the president's popularity harbors it around 50% and astonishingly high figure, I believe, given the state of people's lives
now as opposed to four years ago.
What can explain this popularity? Can that many people be enamored of what he has accomplished in Iraq, of how he's fortified our constitutional freedoms with the USA Pay for You Act,
or how he's bolster our economy, or how he's protected our environment? Perhaps they've been impressed with the president's personal integrity and the articulation of his grand vision for America.
Is that likely?
Granted, there are certain subsections of the American polity that have substantially benefited from this presidency.
Millionaires and charismatic Christians have accrued either material or spiritual fortification from bushes of administration, but surely these two groups are a small minority of the population.
What then can it come for so many people being so supportive of the president?
The answer I'm afraid is the fact that they dare not speak its name. It's the fact that no one talks about the posters don't ask it, the media don't report it, the voters don't discuss it.
I, however, will blur out its name so that at last people can address the issue and perhaps it ought strategies to overcome it. It's the stupid factor.
The stupid factor, the S factor, some people sometimes do no fault of their own, are just not very bright.
Stupid. It's not murder that some people are insufficiently intelligent to grasp the nuances of foreign policy of constitutional law of macroeconomics or the very agitated interplay of humans and the environment.
These aren't the people I'm referring to. The people I'm referring to cannot understand the phenomenon of cause and effect. They're perplexed by issues comprising more than two sides.
They don't have to wear with all to expand the sources of their information and above all, far above all, they don't think.
You know those people, they're all around you. They're not you else you wouldn't be reading this article this far. They're the ones who keep the Pearl shows on TV who appear as regular recipients of the Darwin Awards who raise our insurance rates by doing dumb things, who generally make life much more miserable for all of us than an ought to be.
Sad to say they comprise a substantial minority, perhaps even a majority of the populists.
Politicians have been aware of this forever. They cater to these people. They offer simplistic solutions to complex problems. They evade directed questions with non-sequitors. They are for meaningless, jingoistic, pap instead of thoughtful policy. And these people, the S people, eat it all up with a ladle.
I don't have a solution to this problem to claim I did would be lying my previous arguments, but I do have some modest suggestions that might provide a start for discussion and intelligence test were in the right to vote.
A three significantly stupid behavior is your outlaw, finds for politicians who painted the lowest common denominator and deportation of media representatives who perpetuate such actions.
It's well past time that people confront this issue no matter who's offended, we're on the way to becoming a nation of imbosils. I'm certain that a plethora of George W. Bush jokes is already being circulated in every capital of the world.
We can stop this sapping of our national integrity, but we'll must do it soon, lest the morons become the norm and those of us who use our brains for more than memorizing advertising jingles are ourselves ostracized from society.
Let's start talking, let's bring the S factor out of the closet into the daylight where we can all see it, go up at its hideousness and finally make serious attempts to bring it to bay. What a great column.
We'll start from the original Seattle. The S factor explains Bush's popularity. Oh, it's the adult. Yeah, well, see that's in all those places that we mentioned before with their people with a brain larger than their penis. It's amazing.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60s got his thumb right on him and of course the states that we're talking about. Now the interesting part of it is.
And I wish tell about a save that thing. See, we always Schmidt can stuff that we should save later on. Remember what a tough time we had finding the electoral map and the Bush one organ. I said you're full of crap and turned out I was right for once the site was wrong.
But at any rate, let's take a look and just out of memory. Okay. I could screw up on this easily, but let's take a look at all the states that we have listed on our gooberia poll 155 votes. Alabama's leading Indiana.
Grow in Indiana. No Montana Colorado, Wyoming, Idaho, Virginia, Nebraska, Kentucky, South and North Carolina, Louisiana.
I did grow in any of those that he went Louisiana. I don't think so. Pretty sure he didn't. Pretty sure. Tennessee, Texas, Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi, Florida, stolen West Virginia, Alabama.
The only one I haven't endowed is West Virginia. No, he didn't win that. The West Virginia very often goes Democratic. I'm a recent that at the time did not win that.
So we've got two, four, six, eight. Who do we appreciate? 10, 11. Let's see after the Carolinas 13, 15, 17, 19 states with goobers. They're running for the Cooper capital of America and the Bush one every one of them. Why do you like that? I'll run it that way. Speaking of the S word.
56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Sensational. Great. I got a suggestion for your poll. Yeah. How about Missouri?
Missouri, Missouri. No, I don't think I drove through St. Louis once like real fast. I saw the golden arch and I was about it. Never spent no time in Missouri.
But you know, I wish I was able to get through yesterday. I had a really good suggestion for your poll yesterday. Hannity Comes.
Or you like to dance on their graves. Hannity was on there. He was man. He's horrible. He got a vote. I got 31 votes. So by the way, I'm pretty proud of that. I was right on Michael Jackson's ass.
Yeah, they're probably all Yahoo's and Michael Jackson lovers and little pedophiles could be. Hey, I did you hear on the news? They found out where all of Saddam's chemical weapons were. They're all on the US Alabama.
Okay. And I have a great day. We're the one holding it for him. I have a great day.
5 6 7 0 5 6. I thought they were in his mouth. Right. Those weapons of mass. I like that myself. Yeah, but nobody. Unless you're so when you stop and think about the fact that Jay Leno's got writers and he never says anything funny and Letterman's got writers who are getting paid a fortune. You know, they sit around. You saw that piece where they showed Leno and the brain.
The more brains dormant, the more important and the crap that they come up with. And you know, when you when you just babble a lot of stuff like we do, I mean sooner or later, you come up with something pretty clever and not getting paid too much for your case.
5 6 7 0 5 6. The pond. That's your say that business about our one to our yesterday. There was like a turning point. We had a phenomenal response on our website for the first time in a long time. In fact, post for L firing is a matter of fact. It looked like we were on the verge of making a comeback.
Now we're taking these two stupid polls today and websites a little on the weeks. But that's okay. I have to feel like we're like to make a move turn the corner. So to speak.
And our operations manager, he comes in and with his usual line of I don't know not. I don't know not. You know, and then the program director, he's too busy sticking his nose deep inside the beast rectum. And so, you know, I need the one of them like oblivious.
And they got this giveaway thing with tickets to try to with ties people listen to the radio station. Do we get anything? No, we just had a death now month in November in a trend. The worst month I think I've ever had in modern history in South Florida. Just a death now where they just use that the diaries is a weapon to attack us.
And so do we get any assistance? Nothing. Nothing. We don't get the time of the day because we're not sports. We're not sports. They can take their ball games. Man, Clarence can take that football and Charlotte. So far up is that the beast will fall right out. How do you like that?
The beast hit will flip right out next time. How's Louisiana doing? Still always six. I'll be dead. I don't think anybody's been in Louisiana except Nullings and I'll tell you, oh, we love Nullings. We got drunk and had a great time. Got lead. That big easy. That day. The big, uh, sleazy K. W Q. A.m. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. The Gorvadaw guy. Hello. How you doing? Okay. How give you a run for Louisiana? The Louisiana is really awful. Arcadia and Florida. I mentioned that last hour. Arcadia is unbelievable. Yeah. That's where they burned out the kid. It was a hemophilia. What is it? That's where they burned out the kids family. Remember he called the AIDS. That's right. That's right. Yeah. And that's where the mental institution is too. And I think it's no coincidence.
Exactly. Good talk to you. Have a great day, Pali. Okay. Hang in there. Hang in there. I felt early and often this year, man. We're going to have a real campaign. We're voting for Dr. Dean, even if he don't win the nomination. Dr. Dean, right? Or Jimmy Dean or Alan Burke. He was the Dean. That's Mr. Burke.
Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean. That's very good. He's super. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You got some bad zits, though. Man, wouldn't you think that if he was Superman, he had a better complexion than that? Like Tom Mullings got a real nice smooth complexion. I haven't watched that show all season long. Aren't you embarrassed? Have you watched it? Oh, the new season doesn't start till next week.
Or the new world, whatever the holiday break about this last season starting in the fall when he started with a new show. I didn't see you mostly. I didn't see one of my just I just lost my interest. It's just not a good show. It was slow. It's slow. I mean, how many times can you look at Clark and the Atlanta and okay, great. Maybe they're going to do something. Oh, none of the chicks were getting naked either. No, they had that one like that. And then the blonde, a sad sack. What's your name? It's always Jones and friends. She's always jailed Chloe. Yeah, you know, just do something. Change it. You know, it's like passions. My name is
I got it. I love that show. It's a panic, but sometimes it just goes on for weeks and nothing happens. And by the way, we need to see a hell of a lot more from Mrs. Wallace lately. And Tola Allister to turn back into Charlie. He was a lot better as Charlie. Five six seven. I love doing it when I have I know that you have no idea what I'm talking about. I'm not sure. Of course, Sheridan who still looks great. Even the straight jacket. She looks good. My life and look old. This is 4356. You're way in. You're way in.
Here you are. And the new Roger wanted to have my personal stable approval. But I'm not sure if that's a young Elvis or a fat elf like you. Like you were what?
One man trapped in a strange world must defend his honor, his woman, and also that weird cult thing he can do.
He was the safest man who ever lived.
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. It's as legitimate as any other major religion. Only for some.
The last Scientologist, if you call him gay, he'll sue you for a hundred million dollars. But if you call his religion crazy, he'll cut you in half.
Likewise, with a four foot samurai sword. He's even willing to die for Dionetics. He is the last Scientologist.
What do you want from me? I mean, besides my fame, my fortune, complete control of my life. Oh yes, my soul.
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. Unless you count John Tabote, Jenny Ellerman, and a few other gullible Hollywood airheads.
The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you.
Oh, now they say that the chopper that went down black hawk was hit by a missile. I sick.
And now they're also saying that all nine on board were American. The soldiers that all did. So that means that with the one that died in the mortar attack out of the 35 that were injured one of them died.
So we got 10 dead American soldiers in the last 24 hours.
Well, you know, we got bigger fish to fry. We got more important things to worry about that. Like let's buy Pete Rose's book. Right.
I'm going to tell you right now anybody buys Pete Rose's book. We will come to your house. We'll send Luca Brozzi in fat rich to break both your legs.
Assholes. Thank you, Brad. Tony's. I'll Brad from Tony's brought the guys food and George is talking with his mouth. I was polishing over here.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T. Verizon wireless. Let me forget the more in doubts column to Tizzy over lezzies.
I love it. No, you love it. Yes, I do religious displays per debate in nation's parks. We got to get to that and somebody sent us a whole bunch of things about religion.
Again, John Adams said this and Thomas Jefferson said that and this one said that, etc.
You're preaching the choir, baby. We agree with you, but it's just a sand situation because another thing if you look at those states on our mugwump guber list,
what's the one common denominator besides the ignorance level is religion. Good old time religion, man.
I bet you you find more churches per capita per square inch in those states than you'll find anywhere on a face of the globe, even in Jerusalem, even in Nekka.
Remember Jean Pittany and Nekka? Nope. Alabama 29. I don't like to grammar on a poll, Eric. I don't want people to think you're illiterate.
He says in which American state has the highest percentage of goobers? Good to think we can leave out the word in right.
I mean like bubble would say what does it mean? What's what? Can you get a what what?
Which American state has got the highest percentage of goobers? Alabama continues holding the lead. I'm trying to think if I ever stopped in Alabama. I kept on going. I drew through a lot of them states.
No, I missed some of those central states. And I think if I had wrote a bus to the central states, you call Alabama's a central state. You know what I mean?
Love the center. Not on the coast. It's not on the coast. Not this coast. Not the sides. Just keep going, man. You'll be in China pretty soon eating civics.
I'm going to go home and vote for Louisiana when I get done. South Carolina six Kentucky three to brass. Good to one for Virginia one for Idaho.
And none for Montana. Wyoming Colorado Indiana.
I think that's a different breed is what we're talking about. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQA. Hello.
Hey, yes, sir. I got one for the older poll, the dance on the grape. Well, actually more than one because it's an institution, the Electoral College.
Yeah, I am in. I'm in that. Definitely, definitely should happen yesterday. No, it should happen three years ago. Right. And also, well, there's a part of the global total. I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a much more of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a wavelength. de rise in my exceptions.
Well, s, ooo, ok, oh no no didn't mean at all, but first of all, the last way I followed the Valvios Quiz episode that I added in all directions that is?
Well, I have another thing that I can't give up, ahright. So if you do have a few words and ask them if there is anyone on the earth and ask them if there are any Last.
word. Oh, it's the only it's not this polite to say to mix
company, but why not? No, that's true. Why do you think
your springers got an unlimited supply for his audience
there? And for also with the people on the panel, especially
the part where I'm not causing effect. But I've got to
do a lot of Mississippi. They're smart. Well, the
best part of so what's wrong? You're dead. That's what's
wrong with you, man. Too many cheaper, there's too many
peanut butter and anna sandwiches. What a hog, huh? Well,
that's the price of fame, man. That's the price of fame.
Just asked to be still tell you look at the way he
ballooned up again, like a pig. He's he's moving back into
the Mosho is what I'm here. They're having a great deal
of difficulty finding someone. Anybody out there in the
world like to work on a Mosho doing a worldwide
talent. I heard that anybody who's trying to work on a
Mosho after the first couple of days will probably be a
no show is what I'm hearing. They're digging just
like me. He's got no show. Same difference, right? Absolutely.
Thank you. Let's see. It says you give me a rationale
crappier that they when I said in the facts that the
move on dot org loads for the alternative ads was not
working well. They keep sending me notices on the count
times for voting and reggae. Ray, I can't. Well, don't be
with Jesus. What am I supposed to do about this? The ads
are great. Yeah, they are great from move on dot org. Just
man, talk about a whiners. One thing when people whine in
your ear when they're whining on your facts machine, that's
bad. There's nothing worse than whining just ask what's
his name from clock or corns. What was his name? Alex? Right.
He was wondering a large. He was whining. Was it large? You
look kind of large to me when he's standing there getting
his his prison outfit. Remember that scene? The target
65532. Hungry right down there on the table.
560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What a
great movie, man. What a great one. One of the all time
best. WQAM. Hello. Q. I. M. Yes. How are you? Happy new
year. Crazy person. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I wanted to tell you
about something that happened to me in New Orleans. The way to
head. Very gentlemanly older gentleman cab driver talking to
me about where you from. I said I'm from Miami and he said,
he said, how them Jews, niggers and sticks doing in Miami.
Yeah. And I said, well, I don't know about the niggers and the Jews,
but us sticks are doing just fine. Yeah. Real goober. No, you
wouldn't want to know if we're looking at him. But once you open his mouth,
he'd be established it clearly. How about you? He got a big tip, huh?
Yeah. I give him a big tip. And I hope you're stuck in the right
place too. Okay. I like you, Pally. I like it. Don't go back.
Don't go back again, man. Oh, that's the Nashville thing. They're
talking about kikes and sticks and niggers and all that. And Nashville.
No, although some of them are clever enough to try to like, you know,
cover it up a little bit, you know. Not too much. Oh, you're just
going to love Nashville. There's two kinds of people. People in Nashville.
And then everybody else like them people from the Northeast and
M. Jews, you know? Yeah. Wow. What a place. Man, I couldn't get
out there fast enough. Although it was really, it was kind of a trip,
though, being on WLAC 48 states. We took, it was 1980.
It was right before the 80 presidential election. And we took a poll.
I think it was either the night before the election or a couple of days before.
And we had calls from 48 states. Ready for this? Is that impressive or what?
Without being syndicated without nothing because of that phenomenal signal WLAC hit.
And Reagan won in a landslide and shown off just just the way the poll came out.
I mean, maybe just a coincidence, but just the way our poll came out.
Oh, he just whipped Carter's ass big time. How do you like that?
What do you think about the homosexuals?
5670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line. We're kicking ass, baby. Our own. We got the mad dog at two.
All right. Boaster for the Ailing Humberman for the loaded four.
Hank, this is going to be four days in a row. That's bad.
Are we getting any news on his condition?
No, no, no. What condition he's in like Kenny Rogers in the first edition said.
No. Well, why not?
I don't know.
I think that the people out there are a little bit concerned about the Humber and so am I.
And I'm sure that this was everybody else in the building.
We care about Hank unlike Mo. Absolutely.
We wish you, you know, in fact, maybe we could like get what's your name? Linda Blair.
And father Mirrin together again, we can conduct an exorcism.
We can take we can take the evil spirits out of the Humber's body and stick it in the Mo's
back dome. Right? Absolutely. It sounds good to me. Yeah. I like it.
WDQAM. Hello. Yeah, howdy. Yes, sir. Howdy.
You just had a question about a couple of articles right on the.
On the radio. I wanted to know if I could find that.
Sir, sorry. Go ahead.
He's Neil, Neil Starkman, the ass factor. You know, I could find that.
Right on our website, NeilRogers.com. It's on there right now today.
Okay. And there's one yesterday from someone named Tom Harbin. I don't know where that came from.
It's also on our website. If you click on above above the stories, there's a link.
It says for articles from previous days, the features page.
And just click on yesterday's date. And you'll it's right on there.
Wonderful. How do you like that? I like it. You ask it. We got it. Thank you.
I'm not telling you. How do you like that? How are there people actually reading
their articles? Which this crap about? Well, you shouldn't be reading on here.
I'll do whatever the hell I want. How do you like that?
Oh, sir. I'm serious. If we sat here, what?
Like that, which is a little bit too much chatter will get Tom Ridge all upset.
A lot of chatter. We'll have red alert pretty soon.
If you don't want to remember, the rumor has it that we're going back to yellow alert pretty soon.
We're not supposed to tell you that. I mean, nobody's supposed to tell you that, but that's the rumor.
Is that we're soon going back to yellow alert?
Now, what level of alert do you think we're going to be in the days and weeks just before the
2004 election in November? Well, they're going to scrap the whole system because the world will be safe by that.
Right. That's right. Now that we got Sodom, things are a lot better and we're safe.
Even though we had 10 American kids butchered overnight again,
last 24 hours, even though they're still dying in Afghanistan.
That's over though. That's right, but that part of it is over. We saw that GI George.
That didn't work out too well. So then we had to...
I mean, they even talked about it blatantly about the first photo off didn't work out.
So we had to take that fake turkey that stuck turkey to Iraq that day.
I was going to say to bag that, but actually it was to the airport.
Right.
They were asking a lot of the troops what they thought about it.
And of course, they didn't see him because he was out there in one place and then high-tailed it out of there.
How come Hillary decided it was so much safer to be in the city and actually move it around a little bit
and talk it to some people?
How come that is? Not that I'm defending that page, but how come that was okay for her,
but El Presidente, man, they damn near turned around and went back.
And that was all based on a bogus story they made up about the B.A., the British Airways of
Pilot, who saw it? A bogus bogie. Yeah, bogus bogie. God, it's just...
But the end, you know, I feel a lot better after reading that S-factor thing, man.
You know what I'm saying?
Because at least here's somebody else articulating what I've been saying all along.
You're just not supposed to say that, no? Because it sounds like condescending, like,
and believe you me, I don't think I'm very smart.
Maybe smarter than average.
George, and George has all this encyclopedia of meaningless trivia in his mind,
which is great. That's his real side.
But if he was so smart, how come he's working for Greg Reed?
That's right. Because I need a job.
Right, there you go.
So if we're so smart, what the hell are we doing here working for peanuts?
George, and Josh, I mean, what he's making, you couldn't even afford to buy today's lunch one,
so what's he going to do? Exactly. He's one?
Twenty. Is he really?
Yes.
He's a little bit too old for Michael.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a 18th.
I'm telling you, all of the different calls I've had over the years, it's amazing to me how they,
like, at various times, rush back through my feeble brain. It's just, especially that one bitch,
well, you know, you could be saving the world and doing something productive, but you'd rather sell
out for ratings and can't ugly morons out there. Yeah, remember, I talked about her the other day,
but I just can't get her out of my head.
What a nasty, hateful, miserable swat.
I hope you died already, honey, okay? I hope somebody ran over you with a goddamn
tractor trader and just ripped your ass into smithereens. In fact, it's too bad that you and
Molle weren't hanging out together when it happened. God, what a piece of schmitt.
One-th-thirteen. He is. He is, man. I think you could pick, you could pick seeds out of his arms.
One-thirteen at five, sixty, WQ, and maybe a little bit of corn out of his earlobe, too. Probably
under his balls. What was his room?
Oh, yeah, in fact, it was Amsterdam. There was a store, a mushroom store. There are many.
It said these used to be under most balls.
Hey, horse racing fans and poker players, Pompato Park Racing in Cardroom has got the gambling
action that you're looking for. Just a half mile from both I and I, D5 and the Florida turn.
Pike, Pompato Park is easy to get to, and best of all, Pompato Park features free admission and
free general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, including tonight. Poker starts at noon. In fact,
it's already going today. Noon to midnight and live racing gets underway, nightly at 7.05 PM,
five nights a week. Every Monday at the track, two for $25 dinner special, top of the park,
restaurant. Every Wednesday night, dollar night for draft beers, so does hot dogs and lots more.
And every Thursday like tonight is ladies night at Pompato Park with two for one drink specials
just for the ladies. But I sure hope that young couple comes back that was there last time I was
there. Oh, God, you would have just been crappin' your pants. And I was, too, man.
It was sitting right beneath us there. Fat rich pretended not to see him. Also every night at the
fourth floor players room, there's a 7.95 plated dinner special. There's also going to be a special
tribute on Monday, January 19th. It's a week from this coming Monday honoring Martin Luther King,
Jr. with one race featuring African American drivers plus the annual Louis Williams Memorial race.
Louis Williams was great, man. He had a little bit of a problem, but he was great. Pompato Park also
opens seven days a night's a week featuring the best in harness through a Britain highlight
action from all across North America. Feed a watch and wager on, sign up casting at its best.
Pompato Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race scheduled
95497222000, we're going to web at pompatopark.com. Don't forget live racing two nights 7.05 pm at
Pompato Park. My life and love, this is 4.305 City.
It's a dream. It's democratic idols.
As long as the Blacks work of this genre team, I could sleep night.
Not the weak night. They also want to get off. Yes. Yes.
Get off. You ain't seen nothing yet.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Do it. Do it. Indeed, I did have 200 sexual relationships. Do it. Do it.
And everybody. Do it.
Democratic Idol on Fox this fall.
Sui for who I really am. Thank you, my friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, Elvis.
We're calling a friend.
I can't walk out.
We call that love too much.
Happy birthday, Elvis. Elvis Presley's birthday and Sui
sales. Who is the other one? I forgot.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Very good. Even though it's not right.
Anyway, judge will change Peterson trial location. Do we care about that?
No.
What we're supposed to see.
Well, look at that picture of Mark Garagos on here. Man, oh man. He is such a
divestment. He makes me ill.
A judge said just a while ago, he'll move the location of the trial of
California, man. Accused of killing his wife and their unborn son.
No additional details were known about Stanislaus County Superior Court judge.
Al Guirur Lamy's decision to move the trial of Scott Peterson away from his hometown of
Modesto, California.
During selection for Peterson's trial schedule of begin January 26th and Modesto, but
that date may change as well.
But there you go. There's bushes and Florida.
Who is that? That's not gonna be Catherine Harris that I'm seeing there.
Who is that bitch?
You know, it's hit earth.
Yeah.
The George Bush is going to be trying to get today.
Yes, it is.
And so it's like groundhog saying you know, you wake up and it's the same thing.
Oh, it's Catherine.
I knew it.
I could smell it right through the TV.
I could smell it.
It's not in father here and his brother.
And then we have cat cars possibly getting ready to run again.
And we have a ballot dispute in an election.
So nothing really has to.
Here's the schmuck from the upon beach post on their Frankservino.
Hey, Frank, you're kissing too much ass.
Okay, you're looking too much bush.
So there you go.
They're going to move the they're going to change the venue when the Peterson trial.
Mark Erickos got a shmitty and look on his pistols usual.
Something about guys with certain kind of a mustache, you know.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, well like Rimmer.
That kind of a mustache.
The whole mustache thing.
Never invent and never invest any money with a guy like that.
Which he wouldn't ever better take that word in out of there.
They're going to think he's totally illiterate.
Which American state will you?
What?
Oh, I see here.
We did in which American state will you find the highest percentage of goobers?
My bad, Erick.
You're the best.
Alabama 32.
Mr. Sippy's got.
Factor.
West Virginia 27.
Florida does got 25.
Arkansas.
See, I think I can buy that because at least Florida's got a date,
Robert and Palm Beach in Monroe.
Whereas these other states, you look around and say, okay, well, where's
where are the intellectuals?
I hate to say it.
Like, where's the hospital for the whole?
The whole of the city area.
Right.
We're the big city slickers, you know,
where the people who are actually were once in the civilized place.
The, you know, Florida 25 Arkansas 22,
Georgia 21, Texas 16.
I bet you there's plenty of that.
Texas is so freaking huge.
Yeah.
Takes a lifetime to just to drive through it.
Tennessee 13, Louisiana 12.
At least it's in double digits now.
It's right on Tennessee's ass.
North Carolina 10, South Carolina 9.
How do you like that, George?
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Oh, there it's, it's, uh, there's Hicks.
Kentucky 6.
Nebraska 2.
Virginia 1 out of one Indiana 1 out of 228.
Wyoming Colorado.
My tender have any.
No groovers.
Those three states.
Thank God.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Did I put somebody on hold online too?
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, I only got the 2 in about 12 30.
But did you see that?
I think it was on 60 minutes last night about when Bush
was governor of Texas.
How he put pressure on all the schools out there to
improve their dropout rate.
And he never improved the dropout rate.
But he just he was trying to make teachers accountable
for the students that were dropping out.
And they were what they were doing is they were
instead of writing down the code for the student dropping out.
They would just say that the student transferred
to another school when in fact they were dropping out.
And that I was trying to leave no dropout behind program.
Yeah, well, he got up on his soapbox and wave
disarm and said, look what I've done here.
And our dropout rate has gone down.
But in fact, all the teachers that they interviewed at
all the schools all over Texas were saying that they're,
hey, there's something wrong because I know for a fact
these kids are dropping out of school.
They are not being relocated to other schools.
The dropout rate in fact was it was the same or at
worse than most of the rest of the schools in the country.
Smoking mirrors man. Smoking mirrors.
Yeah, he was and here he was waiting for
the new says the students in our Texas can't be taught,
you know, in the front of high or
good like to us, pali.
I hope he falls off and breaks his neck.
We're dumping that.
There's some good news. I'll see it in red.
Did you dump that?
All the time.
Yes, there's good news about what?
We need to get a style that we're in.
We're in Ron CFO Andrew, fast out.
I'll plead the overducing or prison time.
That's the first thing we'll be contacting them shortly
to see what they have to say.
Miles Jen Rogers and Houston, we'll check in with you.
I want to know when Kenny Boy is going to be on the inside.
That's what I'd like to know.
Well, that's what this deals all about.
I understand that.
I'd like to know when Kenny Boy is going to be cool in his
heels in there for about 20 years.
About 30, man.
Years.
Shouldn't we be allowed to throw a tomato's Adam like,
remember the stocks?
During the colonial days when they put someone in stocks and you can.
Oh, when you start talking about the stocks,
I thought you were talking about Mitch Hersh again.
Well, him too.
Yeah, let's throw some tomatoes at him.
I'd get his badge.
The Lidra should be a lot too.
What I lost, I could probably buy every tomato in the country.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And who can take them?
Look at that phone, man.
There's not a line ringing on there on screen.
It was that's got to be a hoot, man.
That really tells me.
See any problem being this pole we got here now.
We don't need to add any more states to it.
See what I'm saying?
And so now unless the phone is disconnected or something,
that sounds like it's working fine to me.
Their mom, which means I can read all the rest of my bedtime stories.
Oh, that's okay.
Well, it's okay with me because they got nothing to say.
WDQIM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got a good redneck state for you.
South Carolina is my vote.
And I'll tell you why.
The other here, I was riding through that state coming home for new years
even.
I get pulled off or buy
office, sir, Huckleberry.
Right, right.
He comes up to the window and he's like,
more, come on out of that car.
This ain't the right to fly state.
Because that's going to be $104 fine.
And you got to play that right now or I'm taking you to jail.
I'll be them.
So I'm like, everybody get your wallets out.
And let's give the nice officer what he wants
so we could be on our merry way.
He's like, thank you.
Welcome back.
Come on back to South Carolina whenever you can.
This is all for the pool.
You know, you got to say right,
y'all come back now here.
Y'all come back.
So I'd rather I'd go around if I have to go up more
or I'll drive all the way around.
I'll never ride through that Huckleberry town again.
Even hop in the old boat and take the ocean pass.
Yeah, five.
I'll pretend I'm a Cuban.
I'll get on a ramp.
There you go.
Good luck, you, Polly.
Thanks.
Say hi to Ali on 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Don't forget all those illegal aliens now.
See, it too bad he wasn't here a little bit sooner.
He could have probably stayed and worked at you pick him.
The Pakistanis, they work at you floater.
And of course, the Mexicans, they work at you pick him.
What a joke.
And again, you'll see he they used to call Reagan the Teflon
president.
They've had other politicians.
They call Teflon this one.
This man is the the ultimate.
He's the ultimate Teflon human being.
And I use the term loosely.
There is absolutely nothing that he can do or say that's going to get the media
to finally open up a mouth or certainly most of the public.
Maybe it's that S word coming to play again.
I think you could be.
I know it.
I know what S stands for.
Trust me.
You can smell it.
126 at 560 WQA.
And we got the mad dog at two.
The booster is in again today for the Humper who's who's ill and bad, I guess.
He's under the weather.
Too many too much hall of a maybe one too many meals at either Joe Stone grabs
at the Rascal House to think that might have been I think that could have put him over the edge.
Lose an answer to Humper.
We sure as I want him back tomorrow.
Don't we?
Absolutely.
I mean, if we get through this entire week without the Humper, we got real tourists.
Inter-Rex Diabetic is a product you ought to check out because it's a meal replacement drink
that tastes great.
It's made for people living with diabetes and also everybody wants to cut down their sugar intake,
which these days is just about everybody.
Inter-Rex Diabetic is sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar,
so you have known anasty aftertaste,
like you get with drinks that are made with aspartame and saccharine.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition,
just because they're in a big hurry.
Inter-Rex Diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement
that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life.
It's full of fiber and antioxidants, yet it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol too.
Inter-Rex Diabetic is also gluten and lactose-free.
An 8-ounce can provides you 237 calories of easily digested nutrition.
You can pick it up all over town now.
It's at public's Walgreens, Eckerds, Navarro, Sedanos,
CBS, and other local pharmacies too.
Try Inter-Rex Diabetic once and I guarantee I'll bet your Georgia's life on it.
You'll never go back to whatever you drink and before.
In fact, the makers of Inter-Rex Diabetic are so sure you'll love it
that they're given away free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavor
than anybody who calls their toll-free number.
1-866-368-3739 or faster yet order online at inter-rexdiabetic.com.
Just click on for free samples.
Telling that Neil sent you by for the delicious one.
And when you mentioned my name, get yourself an additional special gift.
Here's the toll-free number to call again for your free sample.
1-866-368-3739
The local business is five cities.
The rate is all yours.
We're back here we am.
You drugs packin'?
My pants don't fit real tight.
Something is there, but it's really small.
I look at never in your zone, you look at me.
And then you say something right.
You know me, what would it take to make you see that I'm a guy?
If I had some destiny, let's go.
And then I could grow some racial hair
and couple of desks because
I'm hanging side by side
if I had some badger juice.
And then I walked technically beyond the land.
So we'd preserve dear glens if I had some desks because
I would have sound like Kelly Clarkson.
A couple of desks because
I'm the standup when I be.
If my baby is a fool,
maybe I have some male fans.
If I had a girl,
maybe I have some male fans.
If I had some desks because
if I had some desks because
132.560 WQM.
Have you heard of a planet that heats up its sun?
Yes sir.
Stars usually heat up their family of planets,
but an amazing reversal on astronomers discovered a planet that's actually heating up its sun.
Just like that brought in a Palm Beecher,
she'd like to heat up your sun if he's about 11 or 12 years old.
No, not that kind of sun.
Canadian astronomers reported this week that
there's study of a large planet orbiting a star in 90 light years away,
shows that the magnetic field of the planet is producing a hot spot on its parent's sun,
a reversal of the effect the sun has on its own planets such as the Earth.
The planet is one of a 119-known extrasolar planets,
objects that orbit stars rather than the sun.
The star called and it's got like a number is very much like the sun,
HD with 18 numbers. The planet is a gas giant, 270 times larger than the Earth,
almost as big as Jupiter. The largest planet in the solar system,
it circles very close to its parent star, completing one orbit every three days,
and moving at 350,000 miles an hour.
Eugenia Schholnick, who used to work at Shlomi's,
of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver reported yesterday
in the National Meeting of the American Astronomical Society,
that she and other astronomers have discovered that as the planet orbits its star,
it causes a hot spot within the outer gaseous layers.
The hot spot moves across the surface of the star,
keeping pace with the planet, but just a little bit ahead, Schholnick said.
She said measurements of more than 100 orbit show that the hot spot on the face of the star
exactly matches the motion of the planet.
It puts the motion in the planet.
You ready for that?
Wow.
Pretty interesting for those who can follow that.
Religious displays spur debate in nations' parks.
Why can't you religious assholes leave the rest of us alone?
Please!
For our own good.
Just leave us alone, please!
They're helping us.
Oh, God.
With its eye-catching photographs of the Grand Canyon and the Blue Waters of the Colorado River,
the hard-backed Grand Canyon in a different view,
is a medium-cellar at the National Park's Bookstore.
But, but the books claim that the Grand Canyon was formed as a result of the great flood of Genesis,
and is therefore only a few thousand years old,
has thrust the park into the debate of whether it's fitting to display religious materials at public sites.
The book by former Colorado River Guide Tom Veil,
includes a collection of essays by fellow creationists,
who favor a Bible-based view of Earth's formation.
Veil and his wife are founders of Canyon Ministries,
which organizes Christian whitewater rafting trips through the canyon.
Some critics say the book is the latest example that the National Park Services caved into pressure
from conservative and fundamentalist Christian groups accommodating their request to post-or-altern materials.
The overall concern is that the top managers of the park service are implementing a conservative agenda
that is at odds with their duties as custodians of nation's heritage,
said Jeff Rook, Director of Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility,
a non-profit group of federal and state resource workers.
But National Park Service officials deny the accusation, say they seek legal advice before acting.
The criticism began just weeks after Grand Canyon and the Different View went on sale at the park's Bookstore
in August, said Park spokeswoman Don Ossicki.
This is a book that by its cover, Shouts of,
this is a biblical interpretation of how the Grand Canyon came to be in only a thousand, thousands of years.
This is a decision to approve an essence-a religious book.
Grand Canyon officials let the book on store shelves but refer to the National Park Service headquarters for review.
And the dispute over the book came only weeks after Scripture bearing displays,
posted at the park caused a similar debate that led to the signs removal and return.
Placks quoted the Bible were first placed at senior points of the Canyon South Rim, about 30 years ago,
by the evangelical sisterhood of Mary.
Grand Canyon officials took them down this summer after an inquiry from civil libertarians and consultations
with the U.S. solicitors office Ossicki said.
Then the National Park Service ordered that the plaques be returned to the Grand Canyon,
while officials took a second look at the issue, now the Justice Department is be viewing whether the plaques
should be taken down permanently or remain on the park.
We're just not comfortable making that decision, you see.
Wow, there you go.
They just won't stop.
They won't stop.
They got to stick it everywhere.
They got to bumpers stick around their car.
They got to plastic Jesus on their hoods.
They got it everywhere.
They even got to paste it on their air-be-freaking place.
They have to do that.
Why is that?
Because otherwise, your blood will be on their hands.
If they don't get you into heaven, even against your will.
As Confucius once said, it's hubbim and dread.
That's what he said.
Just because you're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
You're too stupid to know how damned you are.
The president has raised $130.8 million and are showing a brutal willingness to do whatever it takes to secure key bases.
The president has recorded his spanish by saying we try to extend more legal rights to the state.
The president has said we make illegal immigrants legal, but honor our values while conservatives went on TV to how the vice president was re-rewarding criminal behavior.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so we can get credit and states like Florida.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love it swept high schools here.
Across between sex and the city and Budweiser ad, the L word features women sitting around the table at a restaurant,
Tarlie dishing and dating, dishing about dating, grooming and getting pregnant.
But with these very unflannel lesies, the search for fresh meat and new blood is confined to one sex.
Babies come through a sperm and a cup.
The waxing discussed there even raunchier and the weary, worldly bond moths are along the lines of lesbians think friendships in other word for foreplay.
It's hard to figure out that America seems ready to embrace W and the L word at the same time, the new L word that is.
How do you like that?
That's a good point.
Yeah.
They love the W. Meister and they love bikes too.
Yeah.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
19-till-2 at QAM.
We're supporting O560 at QAM.
I stand.
All right.
We made a mistake.
A vision that we slank.
By covering that whole library of soil.
Fixing that whole thing with weapons that we bring.
Still more germ oil beginning to boil.
We stay in our time again and life here we are built.
Searching for our pieces for in the salt.
Some people claim we got George Bush to blame.
You heard your right.
It's all George Bush's fault.
I bet you this is the president's favorite illness song.
Can't find a line my mind.
When you think Glenn Campbell is thinking about that right now.
Oh, sorry.
A little bit too much Elvis there.
145 at 560 WDQAM.
Got the mad dog at two of the books to it for.
I just keep mentioning that we got the Panthers at the Philadelphia Flyers tonight.
Any interest? No.
Oswet Hot Panthers man. They got 37 points.
They're only six points out of first and a brutal.
A really bad division the all-time worst.
IMF says rise in US debts is threat to the world's economy.
I mentioned that before. Should I read like a little bit?
Yes.
Well, nobody cares the markets are up again today.
There's coal and powla on there.
Was that capability within Iraq?
Yeah, right. He's responding to the Carnegie report that says that war wasn't the best option.
That's right. I got that story.
But I mean, it's like talking about preaching to the choir being a dead host.
They said there were no weapons of mass destruction and it was all misrepresented.
In fact, before I get to the IMF story, I'll actually use that one from the BBC.
Of course, worship administration officials have been accused of misrepresenting the threat
from Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.
The accusation comes in a report from the influential elective center Carnegie endowment
for international peace, which opposed the war in Iraq.
It also said there was no evidence for the claim that Saddam Hussein would give such weapons to terrorists.
The US and UK said it concerns over weapons of mass destruction and justified the invasion of Iraq last March.
Meanwhile, a 400 strong US military team that was searching in Iraq for nuclear biological and chemical weapons
reportedly has been withdrawn. Bye-bye. See ya.
And that has been the consistent view of you and inspectors.
Yeah, right.
You're a freaking liar, man. You're a sellout. You're a piece of crap and your son's an even bigger turd.
How do you like that? Rollin' colon. You make me sick. Anyway.
Getting back to the IMF, with its rising budget deficit and ballooning trade imbalance,
the United States is running up a foreign debt of such record-breaking proportions
that it threatens the financial stability of the global economy, according to report released yesterday,
by the IMF, the International Monetary Fund.
Prepared by a team of IMF economists, the report sounded a loud alarm about the shaky,
physical foundation of the US questioning the wisdom of the Bush administration's tax cuts
and warning that the large budget deficit's post-significant risks, not just for the US, but for the rest of the world.
The report warns that the US, you know, it would seem to me that when they had these debates,
instead of asking stupid questions like boxes or briefs or stupid-ass crap like that,
they maybe they ought to get a little bit more dialogue about stuff like this?
You think? Yeah, but then who'd watch?
That's right. The report warns that the US net financial obligation to the rest of the world
could be equal to 40% of its total economy within a few years,
an unprecedented level of external debt for a large industrial country,
according to the fund, that could play a havoc with the value of the dollar
and international exchange rates. And let me tell you personally right now,
just to have him come back from Europa, the dollar ain't worth a crap.
You can't buy squat. You can't even squat on it.
The euro is now like a buck 27, 28, something like that,
and even the Canadian dollar is up to like almost 80 cents a.
Two years ago today, the Canadian dollar was worth 62 cents against the US dollar,
now it's like 78.5 cents.
Enough to make you a barf.
The danger, according to the report, is that the US voracious appetite for burrowing
could push up global interest rates and thus slow global investment and economic growth.
Higher borrowing costs to broad would mean that the adverse effects of US fiscal deficits
would spill over into global investment and output to report said.
I don't like, of course, the White House poops it, but many international economists say
they were pleased to report, raised the issue.
The IMF is right, said, C. Fred Bergston, director of the Institute for International Economics in Washington,
if those twin deficits of the federal budget and the trade deficit continue to grow,
you're increasing the risk of a day of reckoning when things can get to quote him,
pretty nasty, kind of like Moe, you know, pretty nasty.
That's Moe who got Zach came off his show again this week.
Every time I hear those words, pretty nasty.
I think of Moe, not so much the pretty part, just an nasty part.
Party.
Charles and Deerfield Beach says, since today marks the anniversary of the murder of John Linden,
how come nobody told us that?
They're talking about the Elvis, huh?
He just did.
Nobody I'm talking about earlier.
I had the neat thing in his utter throat.
Well, yeah, Elvis, every time I think of John Linden, I think of Elvis, don't you?
No.
I felt a fact I wrote last week, but never said, might still be appropriate.
Charles and Deerfield Beach.
In regard to your poll on John Hinckley, I see nothing wrong.
I just want to make sure that I read this, uh...
Nothing wrong with letting this up case out for a supervised weekend, I'll write,
but if it were up to me, it wouldn't be to have somebody to know with mom and dad.
I'd say if he's so god damn well, why not have him spend his time doing something worthwhile,
like bathing, dressing, and feeding Jim Brady, for example?
Good point.
Of course, the next thing you know will hear that they not only let Mark David Chappin out,
but they also gave him backstage passes to a McCartney concert.
Excellent job, Charles and Deerfield Beach.
Oh, gross.
Oh, gross.
The Battle of Elvis and John.
Goes on.
Have another sandwich, Elvis.
Have another pizza.
He sure liked his cheebergers, you know what?
He played a butter man or sandwich.
Too bad he wasn't around when we had cheebergers cheebergers going.
He'd just love it.
He'd probably be the best customer.
He'd buy the chain.
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 the impregnably wear it right around his neck.
5 6 4 20 5 6 2 way up.
They'll feed you.
When I find myself from financial trouble, Apple Rapp comes to me, begging you to remaster
and when you free walk these old songlists, they're plenty more we can't release.
Take you off to help me to feed our cream.
If you try to steal our music, buy down the morning, get me free.
You'll hear from our lawyers, waiting to see.
We're in scene, waiting to see, waiting to see.
We will slowly advance on, waiting to see.
Feed our cream, making free, feed our cream, feed our cream.
That's why we recite, let it be.
Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.
Yes, our cream is done, is done, be.
All right.
1 56 5 60 WQM Mad Dog standing by, soda gets the ass in Canada school crack down, eh?
Canadian kids will learn in the low coke zones next year, soft drink, companies pull carbonated soft drinks off the shelves,
and elementary and middle school officials said Tuesday.
Responding concerned about poor diets and increasingly fat children,
Coca-Cola company and Pepsi Co-Ink will stock cafeterias inventing machines with water and fruit juice, George.
Rather than with high calorie carbonated drinks, the group for rubber is being bought.
It's just, you know, the S word, soda.
Now do they call it pop in Canada?
Yes they do.
In fact, you can go into pizza pizza and get a slice in a pop for right out of a bucket of quarter.
A slice in a pop.
I always thought that pop was just, well, I guess it's because of geography,
because we are like very close to upstate New York.
Upstate New York is pop, right?
Northwest also.
Now in New York, have you asked somebody for a pop that's mac in the nose?
Pop had jenko.
Soda.
In New York it's a soda, I see.
If I see, I'm very confused, at least I used to be anyone.
So my New York roommate got me educated.
My New Jersey roommate got my educated in college.
But I talk about a bunch of condescending assholes.
The kids from New York were, you know, they were just like the New Yorkers you see now.
So many of you, I say, I'm not sure.
It's not pronounced orange, it's orange, it's orange.
It's orange.
Okay, no, but you say orange, I say orange, okay, asshole.
It's orange, stay on the island.
Right.
And the same thing with the pop.
Oh, no, it's a soda.
See, I always thought a soda was like an ice cream soda.
Right.
Like, I have a top of soda.
Right.
Right.
No.
But anyway, you asked and you received pop.
Let's see, on today's pool, I say, forget towns.
The award has to go to the entire state of Kansas based on their passing law
forbidding the teaching of evolution.
Well, they did, they didn't have to change their tune on that.
But nevertheless, good point.
And Kansas, of course, is never where Fred Phelps is from.
That goes to the funerals of all the AIDS people.
How come we don't have, how come we don't have Kansas on there?
We do know.
Oh, thank God we got it.
We got our Kansas and your Kansas.
We don't have that Kansas.
I mean, how is Dorothy ever going to follow that yellow brick road
if we don't have Kansas on there, right?
There's no place like her.
In fact, maybe Julian and Timmy wind up there before it.
What a shame.
What a shame of our little Timmy.
Now, you did see him once upon a time,
did you own pants and other things as well?
I was familiar with him.
Did you really?
Yes.
And the most bizarre thing of the whole deal is that they hit him die in the show.
He was going to die in the show and then he like right around the same time
is when he died like for real tragic.
San, he was like just about everybody's favorite character.
Thank God for Ed the Wallace and the pay and the, what they over chimped.
What about a hell's name is what's the name of the chimp bubbles?
Patients prudence or whatever whatever it is.
Okay, how's that pull coming in which American state would you find the highest percentage of goobers?
In other words, where does the S word really kick in big time?
And it doesn't stand for.
Schmidt.
Alabama has been in lead all the way.
I guess we got to take a visit to Alabama.
No.
Alabama 49.
They're always saying, oh, you ought to go to Baluxia.
That's where that casino is.
Baluxia, Mississippi.
Alabama 49.
Mississippi is right on its heels with 41 there side by each.
West Virginia 39.
Florida 34.
We got a lot of dummies in Florida.
Not that we never have any on this show of course.
Arkansas 27.
Georgia 25.
Texas 18.
Tennessee 17.
Louisiana.
Come on.
You didn't do better than that.
Louisiana's only got 17.
One behind Texas.
Tennessee 17.
South Carolina 15.
North Carolina 11.
See now that you like that a little bit better.
Kentucky 11.
And then a small potato single digits Nebraska 3.
I still say Omaha's a great town.
You you like a great steak houses.
Great restaurants and really well put together people.
I got no truck with the goobers.
They're not goobers ever.
Nebraska is not goobers, man.
Whatever.
Montana one.
Idaho one.
Indiana one.
Colorado.
Wyoming.
You've gotten on the Kansas.
Just went on their 314 votes.
Mad Dog is coming up.
And he ain't no goobers.
He's a real hot city slicker from Solano, Ohio.
And then we got the booster for the Humper for the load at 4.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm going to be on your show.
I'm flying the highway.
I'm going to be for my day.
I stick motherf***er a provolone on my socks at night.
So they smell like assisters.
Cross it a morning.
