Sports video 516 WQAM presents The Best of Neil.
That's right that tapes her back.
Don't start calling. No one will answer.
Don't call the front desk. They don't want to hear from you either.
As a matter of fact, even when Neil or George get back on the air,
don't bother calling. So we're not giving up the phone numbers or the facts.
Don't call to tell us some assholes just cut you off in traffic.
You probably deserve it.
Just sit back, relax, and listen to the best of Neil.
And if you don't like it, tell it to W.
Man.
How do you know, ladies and gentlemen, is our privilege to bring you a dis time.
And I witness report of the first international trepidation contest.
We are speaking to you from the ring side of the great Maple Leaf Auditorium,
which is packed with the raptors with spectators, eager and curious.
But whenever the my listeners who are not acquainted with the facts relating to this event,
it might be worth to describe the two contestants.
Lord Windus Vier from Wapping Fog Hole in Devon Gyrzerpore, the champion of the British Empire.
The challenger is Paul Boomer, native son of Australia,
who I understand, worked his way to Canada and the crew of an ocean freighter
carrying a load of Melbourne cabbage upon which, so it is stated Boomer,
trains exclusively.
And I see now there's a bit of a furry around Lord Windus Vier's entrance.
And yes, here he comes, Lord Windus Vier.
I'll see, I'll see Ryan get him to come to the microphone and say a few words.
Joe, so we can get his laws up from over here for a minute.
I'll tell him it's for the radio.
Okay, I'll get him for me.
Thanks.
Well, Lord Windus Vier appears to be in good spirits.
He's smiling and capping.
Don't about him in the beautiful silk dressing gown of purple velvet upon which his work
I imagine to be the coat of arms of the House of Windus Vier.
It's a beautiful thing.
Good boy, Joe.
In just a minute, ladies and gentlemen, I think we're going to have his law chip himself
come to the microphone and say a few words.
Right over here, please.
Right over here.
Yes, right here.
Yes, yes, folks.
Here he is.
Right on the microphone, the champion himself.
Lord Windus Vier, are you highness?
How did you come to take an interest in this unusual art?
Well, I suppose you could say it all started over lady Windus Vier's fan.
I see.
Yes, I noticed she was constantly waving this fan in front of her face.
So I asked her why did you she do it?
So she retorted that if I insist she long constantly repredating,
she had to fan away and clear herself defenses it.
So, my friends would go on into the cup of the sea and persuaded me to capitalize on my
proficiency and so on and so on and so on and so forth.
So I was going through it and all that.
That's all.
Thank you very much, your majesty.
Thank you and good luck to you.
That was Lord Windus Vier, a champion prepare.
Oh, here's a challenger.
Here's Paul Boomer from Australia.
Paul, over here, please.
Please ask Mr. Boomer to come over here, please.
The radio, we want to speak on the radio.
Just a moment, ladies and gentlemen, I think we'll have Paul Boomer for you right away.
Yes, here he comes.
Is it, then, and he just point us out?
How did Paul, how?
He just raised his hand in greeting and starts walking over the microphone.
And here, ladies and gentlemen, is Mr. Paul Boomer?
Will you say hello to our audience, Mr. Boomer?
Hello, Canada.
Now tell me, sir, when did you first realize that you were proficient enough to take a shot at the Empire Championship?
Well, ever since I was a little nipper, I like to fart.
I remember you said, make me mother and father laugh their bleeding heads off when I used to let one go in church
during the announcement of the light is eight.
Excuse me, Mr. Boomer, on the radio, we call it, uh, crap-pitating.
Now look here, cover.
Well, I always says this, a fart, a fart, whether you raise up on one sheet and sneak,
or whether you're given a full blast like I do.
Very well.
As long as he sees an objection.
I personally find before I do word much easier to say and, uh, more descriptive than the longer and more academic, uh, kept.
Thank you.
Well, I would like to say so.
And there's the bell.
Thank you, Mr. Boomer.
And good luck.
Paul Boomer hurries off to the center of the arena to meet the champion and to receive instructions.
Now the house lights are dimming.
And the great squad of five power electric lights cascade down onto the center of this great arena where stands in simple eloquence.
A diffiring pose.
The farting pose is about four feet high and is decorated with red, white and blue bunting up to about nine inches from the top.
The bare top section is worn smooth by the grip of many hands in previous contact.
So now it appears that Paul Boomer is to be the first at the post.
But that I believe has cut the murray for the challenge, just to make the first effort.
Yes, Paul Boomer takes off his dressing gown and drives to the farting pose.
He gripped it firmly around the top and flexes his knees.
The signal to the commences not yet been given so we may assume that these are just preliminaries.
I think I have time to describe Mr. Boomer down, but he stepped from the waist up and wears a tight fitting trunks of powder blue trim blue scarlet.
These trunks are similar to those worn by wrestlers with one important difference.
There's a whole lot of six inches in the thycine diameter, removing the seat.
This of course has been done for obvious reasons.
This semepic aperture is called the finesse degrees, literally translated meaning the zebra window.
Mr. Boomer's finesse degrees has a scarlet trim around its perimeter,
giving a very provocative air to this genial Australian backside.
On the air goes the signal to commence.
You might have heard it overnight to pull the plash on the medieval brown scissor spigot,
the traditional woodwind instrument associated with this port for sensors.
Now a harsh fog on the vest, the vest, strong as Boomer walks slowly,
deliberately to the farting post.
He's a guting confidence, and he gives one last all encompassing grin to the tense audience,
as he grips the farting post between a pair of hands that look as though they could splinter the post.
Now he flexes his knees, much in the manner of a boxer.
He seems to be concentrating on the very top of the farting post.
You can hear a pin drop, and here it comes.
Or a beauty, a beauty I think it was a triple flutter blast.
Yes, that's what the judge signals.
A triple flutter blast, that gives him 25 points right off the bat.
And another, another of the same, and another 25 points.
That's a look by one side, no two flutter.
I beg your pardon, three fuzzy farts in rapid succession.
It's amazing how this man can change face and style of offering by a slight,
simple shifting of his buttercarrier.
He's still gripping the post in complete concentration.
Guma now has a score of 65, those last three fuzzy farts,
a five point to be having 15th with previous score.
And now he's something coming.
A flutter, a flutter, a perfectly executed flutter.
What's that?
I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, that was a follow-up flutter.
A follow-up flutter.
The second time in the history of this sport,
that a follow-up flutter has been achieved in open competition.
The only other time I believe was,
during the World Series held in Europe in 1783.
During the course of this series,
friends who are fuf, the famous French father after leaving
a follow-up flutter defeated Sanemite when his Scottish opponent
by only one bloop and then dropped dead.
You know since then, in honor of Masifu,
the bloop has been dropped in open competition.
And now the score is 100 and five for Buma.
A flutter of course can't stand point,
but a follow-up flutter, a very difficult maneuver,
gives 40 points.
Well, a certain has been a world in session.
I think the poor Buma is about played out,
or blown out as they say.
What am I saying?
And he's not two years apparently.
Wait a minute, here come a three.
Or whole a little three,
with only two points and very dangerous,
and another three.
Well, not bad.
What have he said before the other five?
Well, he said in putting up a fighting finish.
All three are very hazardous,
very hazardous part because of the danger of plotting.
But giving him eight very valuable points.
And there he throws up his hands.
He throws up his hands as a signal that he's finished.
And the crowd gives him a tremendous ovation.
He's sitting down, looking a little pale,
a little warm perhaps, but smiling happily at the crowd.
This man has a definite charm about him,
that is indeed him,
to all except the most rabid,
who endlessly offend.
And here's his dog, wait a minute.
Paul Buma!
One, two, three, three.
To hear that, Paul Buma, 123 points, a world record.
Meeting Lord Windus Rea's previous world mark of 119 by four points.
Paul Buma, this moment is the world champion.
But how long we don't know because
Lord Windus Rea might take it right back again.
And his is large ship now walking up to the post apparently,
not in the least disconcerted by the brilliant performance
of the talent.
He's outfitted a little differently from Paul Buma.
He had purple tight, full length tight.
And around the finesse debris,
you remember the whole cut out from the center of the sea.
Around this there's the fringe of little gold tassels
about four inches long.
Just no doubt is some decoration affected by just a moment.
He's with some sort of dispute here.
Paul Buma in a second, around their feet,
and seem to be arguing with the judges.
And pointing to the fringe on their champion's posterio.
Oh, I see.
As he pulled Buma is claiming that the fringe might add a whistle
or some other sound to Lord Windus Rea's efforts
and throwing free their value.
And after all, in a 4-3-4 contest like this,
every little advantage must be jealousy-watch.
The judges appear to be agreeing with Paul Buma,
and they direct the champion to remove the fringe.
He doesn't like the decisions very much.
And the crowd is getting,
the crowd's getting resentful.
They think he should be a better sport about it.
And I agree with him.
Always seems to have decided that he's got to give in.
And he rips off the fringe and flings it to the ground.
Then he walks over to where Buma is sitting.
He turns his back, puts his hands on his hip, and...
Oh!
Oh, he leaves a free fright in Paul Buma's face.
The crowd get a kick out of this.
As you know, a free for the very low score are only two points.
But to throw one away just in a gesture of defiance,
demonstrates the spirit of dash and recklessness,
which has made the Englishman the champion that he is.
He's smiling these things for an out of returns to the central arena.
In order to judge the show, he's ready, and he'll allow what's this.
He's not going to use the farting pose.
Lord Windus merely championed and a final gesture of contempt
scorned the use of the farting pose.
Well, this is developing it a little bit of a grudge contest.
He has his hands on his hip, feet apart.
He's likely bent and...
Aschisla, his first attack is at another one,
two in a row, and another one a third.
Three sisters in a row are tremendous at the 60 points in his first 30 seconds.
This one...
And one, two, three, four.
Four fuzzies, four, fragrance fuzzies in rapid technique.
It deploys you to see the even comfort with which his law tip leaves his fart.
Perfect technique.
And now his score is 80 points.
80 points in the first 30 seconds of the pose.
I was getting ready again, hands on hips.
A little bit, right in the face.
He's trained to...
Oh, something there, wait a minute.
Something's wrong.
His attendance run into him, he's in some kind of distress.
I see.
He has to judge his signal.
It was a posture or hard luck, your Lordship, the hard luck.
The champion left a very bad posture and will be penalized 15 points.
That puts him back to 65 points, 59 shots of the 120-40 needs to retain the championship.
He's all set again and seems to be straining a little more cautiously.
And here he is.
A fundous break.
Oh, a beautiful bit of wind breaking virtuosity.
A most difficult, a most difficult part of a form without plotting this man as wonderful control.
And the crowd are really warming up to him.
That last death, that fundous break counts 30 points.
And the takes the Lordwind is mere up to 95 points.
It's getting very tense now.
And here it is, here is the next one.
A crow blow.
A crow blow.
10 points.
Follow the slide.
A resounding single strutterble...
I think that is.
Wait, yes, the judges.
Propane that be a single flutterble.
A lovely, a lovely change of pace there.
And now the excitement is going unbearable.
As the champion takes a step away from the post,
and his score is 120.
Just three points, short of the post.
Bumamar, just three points short.
If he gets one more fuzzy or two small free,
it's all over the doubting.
And the challenger will have to return to Australia
with his chattet hope.
I think everyone's heart takes a full boomer.
He's really a great guy.
But the wind is mere depth up to the post again.
It looks very confident.
As he gets ready for the killing.
And here it comes.
It's a three.
A three.
That's two more points.
A little small free was all it was.
Two points.
And now it's practically over just one more.
Of those little free, those little two points
free from the contest will be over.
It seems as though his lordship was deliberately
tormenting Bumar by darling.
But Bumar smiling.
It's a poor smile.
But he's trying hard.
It's sitting there trying hard to take it
like the grand forceman that he is.
But he can see defeat standing ready to take away
his dreams at almost any instant.
And now Lord, wind is mere depth forward.
And hello, hello.
He's going to use the farting post to find a better scene.
I suspect this is his knees.
It looks as though he's going to try
for ice-coating effort for a whirlwind finish, perhaps.
Another cistern.
And now he's trying very hard to vein this,
but starting out on his foyer, and even the trickle
of perspiration venturing down his temple,
seems to have the base.
So for this mighty last effort,
should have undivided tension.
Now, the suggestion of a smile from the champion,
he can still decide he's just what
Trinkens is going to get his final bid.
Like he's the audience,
so much to a man who's on his feet.
Breakfast and tense.
Because his eyes look a pure certainty on his face.
Oh!
Oh, he's s**t!
The champion is just wildbind!
Now, ladies and gentlemen, as a special service feature,
we have brought you to the direction
of the ring side of the Maple Leaf Auditorium,
a blow-by lotus chrypton of the first
deputation contest hung held under international
orthosis.
The sword cast,
replaced midweek meditations usually had a good time.
The honorators didn't yet found.
Now back to the best of meal on 5.60 QAM.
Here's your brand, honey.
Land again.
It tastes so crappy.
You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good.
I heard that.
Beelzebob, Lord of the Underworld!
What are you doing here?
I heard you're not eating your fiber, Bob.
Perhaps you'd like to try a new Beelzebrand.
What's so great about Beelzebrand?
Well, one bowl of Beelzebrand has all the fiber you need to keep regular,
but the best part is it tastes great.
Wow!
Besides, if you don't eat your fiber,
your bowels will clog with rotting meat,
your intestines will fill with cancerous tumors and bloodshed
but from your anguish.
Okay, okay, I get the points.
So I'll eat my brand.
There's a good fellow.
Thanks, O'Destinylet One.
No problem.
And now about your immortal soul, Bob.
Beelzebob!
I'm just kidding.
Beelzebrand, because good health shouldn't cost you your soul.
They're smoking it out in the air for glazed.
Voices, every time you turn around,
there's another one coming straight for you.
Your mom, your girlfriend, your buddies, right?
And somehow, you're a voice,
the one that really matters gets buried.
But man, you can't let it stay silent.
And that's why the Air Force could be the place for you.
You'll earn a good salary,
learn from a hundred and twenty-five years.
And, sir, be a con.
Well, that's the right...
Well, it's right fosters, Fall, okay?
What was that about?
He came in here and he said,
he would all redden the face.
Well, I guess he wasn't redden the face.
It's kind of hard for Roy Foster to be redden the face.
Well, you know what a black guy gets redden the face?
You know?
But at any rate, he looked embarrassed and he said to me,
oh, you should be talking about my personal stuff on here.
I said, what personal stuff,
he said, oh, my plumbing problem.
So we take it back, Roy Foster,
Roy Foster, no, he didn't care about the other thing.
You keep thinking it's about that stuff with that sales broad.
No, he doesn't care about that.
Everybody knows that.
No, he's concerned that people will like,
somehow, this great ex-dolphin player,
when we all admired when he played,
always really badly out of shape and fat now.
And we understand why he tried the Act Can's Dead,
because he's big as a house.
But at any rate, he did not shed blood.
I just made that up.
Not.
We talked about Maya incident on the year before.
Remember?
Why, you shed blood?
Right.
And all these people were calling me
and the doctor on the beach was calling me.
Yeah.
Because I'm...
But you're not uptight and sensitive,
and when you blush, you can see.
So we know when you're offended.
But when we're blushes, we can't see it.
So that echoes to sure.
One more good reason not to be black,
because if you're going to be sensitive
and start blushing about stuff,
how are we supposed to be knowing it, huh?
I don't be knowing it.
God damn it.
So Roy did not the crap black or a green,
whatever it was, purple.
Red, whatever color it was.
Oh, it was purple.
Okay, whatever.
Just go upstairs and do what's your name and get out of here, Roy.
Go sell some spots.
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Never been better.
Listen, I just stepped into the house for a minute
and flipped the TV on.
You should hear Pat Robertson
praying for Carla Fei Tucker.
So well too late now.
Hey, the one that's going to fry.
You know, why should it be any different
for the men than it is for the women?
Yeah.
You know, you stick an axe through someone.
They're going to fry you.
Has nothing to do with men or women
and has to do with that she's born again, sir.
Don't you understand it?
She's a born again Christian now.
And how that she's changed.
So what maybe OJ will, you know, see the light.
Yeah, well, that's the thing.
She's all ready to go meet her maker.
Good.
I wish I could pull the switchers or flip it for her.
Or give her the needle, stick it to her.
Oh, listen, have a great day, Pat.
See you around.
Every where you go, it's the same old crap.
But your Yenthas, see, it goes to show you
while we have no spots on most of the day on a station
because most of the people are supposed to be selling
and or coordinating those kind of activities
are busy.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, do you know Yenthas routine?
So George tells me during the last break
that he's had several calls from upstairs.
Upstairs meaning the power structure of this joint
where all the Yenthas sit around all day,
finger diddling each other or themselves
or both as the case may be.
We're trying to get the stains off their clothing.
And people want to know, are you okay down there?
Say anything going on?
Because Joe Castello is in here today,
who of course is usually back at the other joint,
getting emphysema from what's in the building.
And he's just sitting here observing today in case
of course since he's the backup if we can say that.
In case George is going to be out sick,
which being here today, Joe means,
count on it in the next couple of weeks.
Trust me, he's already planning the days.
But I mean, doesn't that show you how pathetic
and paranoid you assholes and George says to me,
oh my goodness, I'm fired right now,
yeah, because he just bought a house.
That would be a good time to fire his ass.
Although at least you always circumside.
I'll say that.
That was only an accident that I just dropped my cigar.
It wasn't lit, was it?
No, no.
If I'm brushing down there, it's only because it's cigar-ish.
Let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neon?
How you doing, sir?
I got a couple quick questions for you in a couple of comments.
Okay.
Before I never let her just show before,
he came over to QAM.
And I basically listened to a few times,
an open mind.
I think your insight on hockey is excellent.
I think you know a lot about the game,
and I appreciate some of the things I hear
in your comments about it.
Yes, sir.
But as far as your other comments,
I'd rather you stick to sports.
I don't understand why.
You'd rather I stick to sports.
Well, let me say this to you, sir.
Again, I don't do a sports show.
I don't do a hockey show.
I don't do a sports show.
I do the highest rated show in this market for the last 20 years.
Then he'll rod your show and will continue doing so.
Don't hang up on me.
I'm not hanging up on you,
but I will say this,
I don't take direction from listeners,
especially people who don't even know what my show is about.
Okay, well, like I said,
I came on board with an open mind.
Okay.
But I mean, I've been on the year now here.
For like five weeks.
And it would seem to me that if the only part that you like
here in is the hockey stuff,
which represents about 5% or most of my show,
that you would have been long gone by now.
No, no, no, I know.
That's I tune you in once in a blue wound
because I'm in my car a lot.
I'm in cells.
You know, I do.
When I hear a hockey, I keep doing.
Otherwise, you know, I think you're in a Gary Tachas.
Yeah.
And, you know, I think your daily views on daily life,
a lot of them are misconstrued.
And you just don't want to.
Misconstrued.
You know what that means, sir?
You know what they mean?
I do.
Misconstrued.
It's misconstrued.
Misconstrued.
Misconstrued would be misunderstood.
You know what that means?
You misunderstand a lot of things.
And I'm not going to point you out.
When you said the views would be misconstrued,
that means that whoever would be hearing them
would misunderstand them.
And then perhaps that's the problem.
No, I think you don't get it.
No, you don't get it.
Neil, stick to hockey, buddy.
Goodbye.
Hey, stick it up your ass, buddy.
Goodbye.
See, there's another guy that can't handle it.
Another one who's real nervous now.
He's probably in a closet.
Now, back to the best of meal on 5.60 QAM.
So, uh, where's uh, Davey Gravy line?
Welcome.
I took her calls from the eponics.
They say the future needs right for me.
Now I can't get snow job.
Cause I don't got no literacy.
I's talking like an old league road.
Eponics thought they how this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shoot throw.
No, right.
Do send the quarter any kind of life.
I remember when I was stealing.
All the white bands got hanging outside.
The building there bar.
Grind the blues.
Now, poverty.
White and there was God's know.
Job for me.
Todibonics will give my life a chance.
Now.
Got to go in and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Lordy, what a boring song.
Eponics makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
Live a fool sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Eponics ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch.
Steel a purse and pull her hair.
Then I gonna take some money.
By a cereal and a fridge a day.
I remember when I was stealing.
All the white bands got hanging outside.
The building there bar.
Grind the blues.
Now, poverty.
White and there was God's know.
Job for me.
Ha, ha, ha.
Todibonics would give my life a chance.
Down.
Ha, ha.
Got to go in there.
Moe crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
I think we really struck on the wall.
Nerd here today if he asked me.
I think we finally got to do with topic
that we should have been talking about.
Years ago, long ago, if we only would have realized
we had 600,000 Jamaican just living here
in the city of Miami alone.
And two minutes, what is it?
Two and a half million Jamaicans
and Dayton Briar put together.
And that includes Palm Beach.
Because in this article, it's interesting.
It says Brazil's fans, absent promoters hopes
of breaking a South Florida soccer
attendance record fell short.
Conspicuous by their absence in Tuesday's crowd
of 43,000, 754 were Brazilian fans
when recent years of filthy orange bull.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
But perhaps only 10% of Tuesday's crowd
was pounding samba drums
and wearing the blue green and yellow
national colors of Brazil.
So that means there were like 4,000
Brazilian 40,000 Jamaicans in that orange bull last night.
40,000 Jamaicans.
And where are the Jamaicans?
If they really live here, if they're not illegal aliens
or came down from Alabama or wherever they're hanging out,
I mean, where the hell do they live?
Where are these people?
Have they infiltrated us very quietly?
Are they busy selling wheat on street corners
in Little Havana?
They're in Miami, in the city of...
In the city of Miami selling jerk pork
and jerk chicken.
Is that Haitian?
That's Jamaican.
Yeah, jerk pork.
So Haitians don't jerk pork, hurry.
Yeah, Haitians don't have any food at all.
Well, I know they're not doing too well,
but I mean, they must have some food
to reproduce like that.
But seriously, we've got the different ethnic groups.
We all know about the Cubans
and there's some people love Cubans.
Some people hate Cubans.
I love kind of like, you know, the young Cubans.
I love a lot.
The ones that listen to this show, the guys.
And then we got, of course, our American...
Well, we don't know what to call them anymore.
Just regular plain old black folks.
African American, which I hate that.
Just black guys, women, whatever.
Which they're okay as long as they stay put.
And in, of course, the Haitians,
which, like you said,
they haven't got two nickels to rub together.
And they're busy selling the baseballs, which is good.
That's something very productive.
We like that.
And they don't seem to bother anybody
as long as they mind their own business
and stay out of their neighborhood.
And that leaves the Jamaicans
who seem to be the question mark ethnic group in South Florida.
And today, I think we're going to find a lot more out
about the Jamaicans.
Yeah, man.
Like that lady.
You're right.
Huh?
They're not on welfare.
They have jobs.
They go to work.
What do you mean they're not on welfare?
Is the...
Are you suggesting that there are others
who are on welfare and don't have jobs?
Is that what you'd be suggesting?
Yeah, like Americans.
Black, white, and miscellaneous.
And Cubans.
Cuban-American.
No, Cubans are not on welfare.
There are no Cubans on welfare.
Most are ineligible anyway, like myself and my family.
Oh, thank God for that.
Thank God.
I was thinking like,
Mary Alito.
Has they never got any food stamps or stuff
when they came over here
or a driver's license right away
with a guy off the banana bulb?
That's different.
Because they're not evil.
Mary Alito.
They're probably not either.
What do you mean that was illegal?
Well, that was not illegal.
I'm not talking about the ones that came in illegally.
I'm talking about the ones
that govern our ground wealth
and with open arms standing down around the shores.
So Bob Barker was standing right there next to him.
Let me know down.
That was a joke.
Maybe you'll get your children spayed and neutered.
But I guess they weren't listening.
Okay, anyway.
Let's do a Miramar.
Hello.
Miramar.
God, Nioh.
Yes.
I had a question.
If that dead born again Christian bitch,
leave that.
Heaven was like the ultimate reward
and it was so much better than life on Earth.
Yeah.
Why should you try to save her own life?
All because they could be the excuse
they were given yesterday was well,
she's got so much to contribute
and she's still has so much work to do here.
She won't be doing no more work here boys.
She's dead.
Here's a good idea.
All the Christians who want to be in heaven
when they're all pick active,
kill each other, the sons, the ones that they're killing
having where they want to be.
And then they'll get the electric chair
or the needle or whatever.
Right.
And they'll be there too.
Sounds good to me.
And you can start with O'Jane Johnny Cochran.
Excellent.
Have a good one.
Okay.
So let's do a question real quick.
What is the question?
The question was about your makings
but this guy's too worried about
frying born again Christians.
Not a bad idea.
Those wrong with that.
See the arrogance.
That thing in Texas was a classic example
of the arrogance of most religious groups.
Not just born again Christians or Catholics
or Jews or Orthodox, whatever.
But I'll religious groups think that
because their stuff don't stink
and their God is the right one.
Therefore we bend the rules for us.
Even though she was convicted in a court of law,
she killed these two people with a pickaxe
and we already know while she was on drugs,
she's got this excuse.
But she found Jesus and she's born again.
And therefore because of that,
then we should make an exception.
The law doesn't really count,
which of course proves that a lot of born again Christians
think that they're above the law
like the ones who are busy bombing abortion clinics
in Birmingham and elsewhere, etc.
and so on.
And in Tallahassee and Pensacola.
God's law.
Is not.
God's law.
That's right.
God's law is above all the rest
and Cal Thomas knows God's law.
Just read the Sun sent a law
led us to the editor this morning
because the born again,
they know what morality is
and you damn well better listen to them
because their definition of morality
is what everybody else is going to do.
Good enough for the president.
It's good enough for me.
Here's a four-lettered ale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Twenty-year-old circumcised you here.
All right.
I want to put my vote in for the Jamaicans.
Okay.
I love them.
I love the Jamaicans.
We want them to understand that.
Yeah, especially the ones in our neighborhood here.
Hey, there might.
I have some neighbors there.
Jamaicans and they are wonderful people.
Mm-hmm.
And they don't smoke on you.
Yeah, we just want them to play their soccer
at a more convenient time for all the rest of us.
Hey, now it's Florida Panther hockey
and he better than Jamaican soccer right now.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe we'll pay any hockey.
Shini hockey would be better than any kind of soccer, sir.
Soccer is terminal and there is no case to be made for it.
I don't hear if there are three billion people
all over the world sitting right now
tearing each other's hair out over their soccer jerseys.
Soccer is terminal.
Make no mistake about it.
But not after a couple of nights to make and do these.
Yeah, right.
Well, that goes to show you.
That's all you need.
Maybe if they'd open up a weed concession at the arena,
we'd enjoy the hockey games more.
Hey, I'd run it.
Okay.
I'm the first.
I'm the man for that job.
You're hired.
All right, everybody in radio backed out your juice bag.
Okay, and put your Yamaha away.
Have a good one.
You know how you're in your tits, too.
So now in the middle of the show,
after getting into a big song and dance with our Jamaican friends,
now Greg Reed says, oh, it's a great show.
But guess what?
We're right in the middle of a little Jamaican here, man.
And by the way, I'm leaving for the day, said Greg Reed.
No doubt.
He's on his way out.
I mean, today, here's a mobile in Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
Hey, I'm on.
You're on.
Oh, hey, I've got no material, but I have a burning question.
Yeah.
Where in when did you get that copy or that or managed same?
I want to bang you in the butt.
You know something, um, Robert, who's one of our board ops
at the station, a fine American brought it in.
He brought it and taped it all off stuff in.
And I've been wondering that myself.
I wondered the context.
I keep asking myself what conversation was going on on the air
when they said I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
And George, evidently, it was a locker room interview.
Oh, I got it.
Uh-huh.
I bet it was with Danny Boy as what I heard.
That's right.
We'll take it on you.
OK, pal.
See that.
In fact, it was he was talking to Josh Friedman when he said,
Oh, my God, your breasts are beautiful.
That was my favorite conversation.
Though seriously, stop and think about this.
This was on the air on this station
and managing the middle of the conversation blurt's out.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Do I rest my case?
Do I have to prove to you that he's one of the most
entertaining people in America right there?
I rest my cases.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
This is Brian.
Listen, you're a genius.
You know that?
Yeah, I know that.
You last night when you were probably home,
you just thinking, what am I going to do
to boost my pathetic show?
Yeah.
You probably have to be a fan.
My pathetic show that my pathetic show that the guy
who's on the phone now listens to every day, right?
Pardon me?
I said, my pathetic show that you listen to every day.
No, no, don't cut me off.
No, no, just just give it up.
I'm not cutting you off, but I'm having a conversation.
Why do some of you people just like you've got blinders on?
Like you can't hear what I'm saying to you.
You listen to this show every day.
Why don't you admit that?
I don't know.
Listen to this show every day.
I'm a Jamaican.
You're what?
I'm a Jamaican.
What does that have to do with it?
What it has to do with it is that you...
So how do you know about the show if you don't listen to it?
Well, I've been flipping shadows.
You've been flipping it.
You sound like you've been flipping it.
Anyway, what I want to say, what I want to say, sir.
What I wanted to say was...
What did you want to say?
How many times are you going to repeat that?
What did you want to say?
I want to say that jerk chicken and jerk pork
is a season that needs, unlike the restaurant that you go to
where you have to dump all your salty and black pepper
to get a taste.
We serenade or meat.
And we season the perfection.
Yeah.
And that's what I want to say.
What does that have to do with the price of peanuts?
What does that mean?
Sir, I have a suggestion for you.
Are you listening?
Sir?
Yeah, okay.
I was going to tell him to jerk pork,
but I think he already is.
I serenade my meat.
Yeah, man.
Oh, I think I heard that correctly.
And he never, my pathetic show.
I'm going to goose up my rain.
Like, I invented this massive crowd that we had on the roads
last night, and I was just salivating.
I was just sitting there, forming it about,
oh, this is going to make great material tomorrow.
Right.
The stress level on a scale of one was infinity, okay?
That's how bad it was.
Just praying that maybe eventually,
sometime before next sookers,
we might wind up at the arena
and get to see the damn hockey game.
But I just invented it,
and I just am an evil person who may occasionally jerk pork.
Now back to the best of you on 5.60 QAM.
Sales people are iceholes.
I want to start the month of February
in this week with something that I rarely,
rarely, if ever do, and that is apologized to a sales hole.
Because I've been saying since I came on here,
and again, I don't, you know, I'm brand new on this station.
I don't know a lot of these people.
I don't know the different personalities,
the different psychoses, et cetera.
So everybody's telling me that Gary Sarner is an asshole.
And of course he gets fired.
And then a week later, they hire him back.
And now I'm beginning to understand why.
Gary Sarner, you can correct me if I'm wrong on this.
Is the sports sales manager, right?
Was.
Oops.
Used to be.
Well, at any rate, he was involved in selling the ball games,
the dolphins, the marlins, the pantas, whatever, the sports stuff.
Now it seems to me, and again, I don't know,
because I'm certainly not privy to any numbers
or any real inside information.
But it seems to me that when you listen to the sports
events on this station, that there's a lot of advertising.
In fact, when the game is over like a Panther game,
I mean, on and on, which is fine.
You gotta get those spots in there, make some bucks.
Great.
But the fact that we've got what 42 sales managers here,
it indicates to me that maybe Gary,
now he is hung like a mosquito.
That part I do not retract.
Because we've talked to guys who have showered with him.
And yes, they do have communal showers here.
Where Foster was telling me about that last week,
he said, just like being with the dolphins,
you shower the salespeople.
And I said, from Luan's not involved in that issue.
Well, maybe that's why I landed door on left.
She couldn't handle the heat anymore, so to speak.
Those communal sales showers.
Well, if you're gonna be a sports station,
you gotta have that kind of sports ambiance.
So at any rate, they have told me that Gary Sarner
is hung like a net, okay?
So I don't take that back.
But he may not be an asshole.
Because at least, maybe he's an asshole,
at least gets his job done.
So I've been thinking over the weekend,
because Friday's something happened to me driving home
that just, I've been thinking about this a lot
because I've heard a lot of people belly-ick and about.
There's no spots, there's no this.
And then that reading book came out about two weeks ago.
And this station just went through the roof.
Went through the roof.
Hank is sitting there with a 7.3 share in men
in the afternoon.
Number one, by a country mile,
the morning show giant share in men.
And I keep hearing people saying,
well, this is no sports radio.
We've gone from all sports radio to no sports radio.
And I see somebody like Linda Doyle,
who's a sweetheart and a very, very astute sales hole,
and a very conscientious person.
I see her bailing out of here.
And I'm saying to myself, something is wrong here.
So Friday, I'm driving home and I'm listening to Hank.
And we come to a break, finally, at long last,
we come to a break.
And now I hear, da, da, da, da, da,
and it's that god-awful, muddy sounding,
distorted PSA that they were playing here.
I'll show the first couple of days
when we had almost no spots.
And I'm thinking to myself, afternoon,
get this picture, afternoon drive,
Friday afternoon, top rated show, and they're playing PSAs.
And Hank don't even have time to go take a leak
or maybe a whatever he had to go take
there with the EGAL tournament,
because there's no spots.
And it suddenly dawned on me,
thinking long and hard about it this weekend.
That Luan is the asshole.
Oh!
Up in sales.
And of course, you probably don't know Luan,
but maybe we'll get to know her better.
Maybe we'll make her into a celebrity.
Because it seems to me that there's something missing here,
because the people are responsible for selling 6 a.m.
to 6 p.m. other than ball games.
They're the ones who have it,
and even if we had a 40 share,
they couldn't sell you a glass of water
to a starving Arab for like one rupee.
Whatever the hell the Arabs have.
What do the Arabs have besides BO?
Now, what kind of a denero do they use in, huh?
Good question.
See, even the U. Mr. Smarty pants
don't know the denomination of the things
that they use over there.
The Russians have got their ruples,
the Dutch have got their agilders,
the Italians have got their lira.
One of the Arabs have,
besides a militant anti-Semitic attitude,
which is self-hating, because there's Mites,
and y'all started it.
Yeah, we did, and we're proud of it.
So at any rate, I'm beginning to understand
that maybe Luan is the asshole upstairs in sales.
Because there seems to be like a little bit of a problem here,
and we have sales managers quitting every week
and coming back every week,
and there seems to be nothing,
but absolute chaos up there,
up there meaning upstairs on the turd floor,
here at the Power 96 complex.
Now, if I were involved upstairs,
which I'm not, what is it?
Dinar.
Dinar.
No, it's not time for even for lunch yet, much less denar.
Reals, we're getting a whole bunch of stuff.
We don't really care to be honest with you,
okay, it was just a little thought there,
because I backed myself into a corner,
and I didn't know, fill in the blank.
Whatever kind of money that those barbarians use,
that was the point.
She couldn't sell them a glass of water,
she couldn't give it away for free,
and they water either, okay?
Is what I'm hearing.
Well, maybe not that far.
Because there's something seriously wrong here.
That's f***ing good.
Which is maybe why the beesleys are a little tight
with their money, why we still got that muddy,
sounding cart machine over there,
like that, which I thought they had that soft,
and then George was telling me the story
about the production studios over there,
and Duff is ringing his hands,
and wondering what the hell it's all about.
Of course, he's always been wondering
what it's about since he came here.
And then the wind, we're not going to be able
to straighten her ass out.
I think she's, maybe she'd better take a demotion.
That seems to work very well.
Look how much Gary Sarner is straighten himself out.
Oh, he hasn't?
Well, like I said, the wind,
it's been nice knowing it's sweetheart,
but get with it already, will you?
I mean, this sales department, I thought you were,
I thought that all those months
that you were working in production,
when I was in limbo, having a great time,
I thought you were exaggerating,
I thought you were joking.
And then I came over here,
and we have like a lot of our own spots,
which most of them we brought with us,
but other than that, I'm telling you,
if they took all the tradeouts,
God only knows what this place is getting on these tradeouts,
but if they took all the tradeouts off the log
on this radio station,
we'd have to have a tank of oxygen for each show
just so we could continue talking at long
without any interruptions.
It is absolutely unbelievable.
Beyond a shadow of a doubt.
So somebody somewhere must be living
on high off the log, I'll tell you that,
because they got tradeouts for everything in this joint.
Couldn't we trade out a couple of cart machines?
Oh, I'm sorry, that has to do with radio,
we don't wanna do that.
Couldn't we possibly do that?
Could we trade out like something
that might benefit the radio station?
We don't wanna do that.
Greg's got his car, and this one's got this,
and this one's got a few cruises on the side,
and we got a lot of insustuous stuff going on here.
Too bad we didn't hire Steve Nickel to be PD.
Then we couldn't have had a habit,
we couldn't really operate in a cheap operation.
There would have been no programs,
just spots all day.
I'd have brought my shopping cart.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh man.
It's just shocking to me to see how,
you can talk about rating success
as only to a certain point,
but you can only get a certain share of the audience
and at that point, if you still don't have people
that can go out and sell it and make a profit,
then you got a real serious problem,
which is why the radio vouchers in this market
are circling over on this great dank, rainy, windy,
nasty, horrendous, grotesque day
on which the turnpike was an absolute nightmare
this morning northbound,
which snack out I was going southbound,
and all your rubber necks, by the way,
are a bunch of assholes as usual.
But on this day, you can look up there,
even in the middle of the murk and the mung in the sky,
you can see the vultures swirling around
right over this building,
and I'm sure we're on Sheridan Street.
Just waiting for this operation to go belly up,
so they can come swooping it and add it to their collection,
because that's now what it is in radio,
as you know, and I told you this a couple of years ago,
when they started this insanity at the FCC,
and they let everybody gobble up the radio station
to few companies, it's like collecting,
it's like collecting baseball cards.
We collect radio stations and TV stations,
and unless somebody gets their ass in gear upstairs,
when you have people that are telling you
that they've been owed money for eight months or nine months,
when you're hearing about these cart machines
so that the spots and promos on their,
woo, woo, woo, woo, woo,
see, I have to wonder about some of these other people
at work at this joint.
There's such a thing as pride,
I mean, granted, not everybody's got the same kind of clout,
can open up a big mouth,
but how long can you just keep coming in and working
for a goddamn paycheck and not say,
hey, you know what, you're just out like crap.
Am I right?
How long can you just fumble your way through life
without demanding just a little bit of excellence,
maybe not a lot of excellence,
but just a little goddamn bit, guys.
Bunch of whims.
They're the sports guys, they have bunch of whims,
like Al Goldstein said, a bunch of faggots.
That's a big club you moron.
Right on, Al, and quit eating so much,
which I can talk a lot about that,
too, about the eating business,
the eating business,
about everybody you know,
like presenting you with food,
putting food in front of your face.
I guarantee, I predict right now,
I'll never see the first at March,
if the food thing doesn't stop.
And by the way, Mom, no lunch tomorrow, sweetheart.
Yeah, the food thing has got to stop,
or I'm gonna be dead.
And yes, Howard Climberg,
I did buy a bag of M&M's
if he rented the hockey game on the Tampa game Saturday,
and you wanna know why I bought a bag of M&M's?
Besides your week.
Besides being weak and hungry.
Three o'clock game, okay?
So I didn't really eat a lunch, which is a mistake.
We get there, and I get a weenie.
They don't have the polo sausage anymore,
which stunk and smelled real bad,
but they have weenies that stink and smell real bad.
Like maybe they once had Forsk in real recently,
and they weren't washed up.
Maybe there's a little pecorino in that weenie.
How come it is that at the stadium at P.P. Park,
a lot of the food, not all of it,
but a lot of food is pretty damn good.
And in the last few years,
they've had all kinds of stuff.
They not only have the Arrepa Queen over there,
but they got burgers,
and they got all kinds of deli sandwiches,
and they got all kinds of stuff over there.
But if the Miami Arena, I'm gonna tell you,
and I don't think that we can blame this one on Baldi there.
I don't think he has any control over it.
I think it's Mickey Ererson and those bastards
who must have some kind of incestuous deal
with some kind of grotesque food,
a concessionaire, or whatever they call him.
The food in the Miami Arena is unfit for human consumption.
And ordinarily, I have my diet soda, and that's it.
That's my, that's the extent of my imbibing
at the Miami Arena is a diet soda.
That's as dangerous as I'll get.
And I'm gonna tell you that, that winner that they put on that,
I'm gonna tell you something that if anybody ever would eat
one intentionally again, they must be desperate.
And the same starving Arab in the desert
who wouldn't buy the glass of water from Luan upstairs
would definitely not eat that winner.
Even if it were kosher, I'll guarantee you that right now.
The views expressed on the previous programs
are those of the hosts, guests, and collars,
and do not reflect those of the Beasley broadcast group.
It's staffed advertisers for agencies.
