Thanks a lot, Kelly!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
I'm working, radio, digital, digital, signal.
Ah! We are sports radio 5C,
at the MQAM, Miami Ford Lutter Day.
Rumor has it, my new main man, Moe,
was ripping Jody and Asta this morning.
That course, moving up in my book, I'll say to that.
I got a call here at the number one rated
in the Moe Highland in David and his home,
and in the least the good in my aspirations.
Stay away from it, I don't even know how you have children.
Meribar, hello.
Yes, I want your take on J. P.
Oh, well, J. P. they really is a great court of eye
in a good joke.
I like J. P.
Well, in that dimension, he's got extraordinary,
extraordinarily smooth detoxes.
Oh, yeah!
You're trying to be different what you say here.
Oh, dear, thank you more.
Oh, no, wait a minute, don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look at how about this?
I was going down there in the mirror, ma'am.
I'm going down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, I know. Wait, by the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
I tell you what, I'll hold you open up right now.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
Bye, bye, bye.
No way!
That worked the only color we had.
The things on your nose is blowing again.
You're going going going going going going going going going going.
You're going going going going going going going going.
Wow!
You've got things with you today.
on your nose and on your face.
And around those losing pimples, you call my ass.
I'll fly, fly, fly, and you go up in the mirror to see
A road map of Yipsiland Sea
You got your heavy sun
Way to die, die, die, die!
Wow, wow!
My nose glows when something stays
Almost every day I think
Am I vain, so soon they start to pickle
I had annoyed the door to door, so soon
Yeah, I'd go fly, fly, fly, fly, fly
And that's where it was all the crazy old fire
The little steps built with people's veins
And you fly, and you touch the sea
And science cannot describe a real
I don't have a fleeting, boiling, baby
Don't don't don't don't don't
Try not to say shit
And another thing, the little thing of me
Will have been star by now
You have been a bit sweet voice
And you expect it to get anywhere a little beauty-fuel
We safe you
I don't even know what it is
I don't even know what it is
I have come on you
The more I hear you
Yeah, what about you?
The more I hate you
What do I hate you?
And when I hear you
I want a time
Your category
No, don't let me
So roll high
Push me in a cold mask
And point my eyes
Why you, why you're the spack you?
That's it
I know my smell attracts you
Thank you
But unlike that you
You still got such a...
I feel just like
That you are my kid rudder
And when you need to learn
That's why you're still not buying
Don't don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't don't
I'm on a show
And what you
In a cow
My
Absolutely
And wait till it's over
All right, that's enough
10-0-5 with 560 WQAM
What a place
Oh, man, it's the best
What do you mean?
I mean, it's just
Ain't no other place
Here's our first faction that I need to give you an idea
What I'm talking about from Bill and Ford Lauderdale
Excellent facts, Bill
It says Moe was out of control this morning with his utter contempt for Steve Goldstein
And his new found respect for you
You like that?
My main man!
Moe, the mole man
You wait till I get back to town
I'm going to kiss him right on the lips
You'll see
All right, I'll take pictures
Okay, I will
I'll give a big wet one
We'll be sucking face right there in the studio
While stopping Jesho to proclaiming you, Neil God
He was ripping Goldie a new one talking about how useless the Saturday hockey grab show would be
Even referring to
No more times as guilty
One of Goldstein's responses during the 8-10 show included the phrase
Well, he better get it out now
As if some major change was out of horizon
What a circus!
Very well put, Bill
Even the Ringling Brothers people are in awe of us
Let's speak into the Ringling Brothers
We have plenty of trained monkeys working on getting us some audio portions of that
Wouldn't that be great?
Sure.
I can't wait to hear that
I ought to be sensational
Absolutely
In 90's, sure
Regarding last week's Depend Story, Bill says I was wondered by Mr. Lonely $50
Were those stupid suspenders now it makes sense since we all know that a full one is a heavy one
I got to hold up that big adult to pen with him suspenders
It's a load
Good point
Okay, now let's take a look at yesterday's pool
I must make my confession now
I really apologize to the entire world for doing this but I'll tell you right on the ear
Yesterday for the first time in my life
I actually watched about 40 minutes of
Do I even dare say it on the ear?
You have to
40 minutes of
Oprah
Oh no
Yeah
Well I watched 10 minutes
And I'm gonna tell you something, you women out there and I certainly, well we don't have any women anyway
We got the
About 30 minutes
So probably we don't have the Oprah crowd but those women that are watching they are the stepper wives make no mistake about it
They didn't need to remake that movie all I had to do was just take a shot of the audience on the
Oprah show
God
I mean I know that she has no talent and that it's just another one of those mine things but good golly miss Molly
There's no show
Yeah
Forget about the fact that Bubba we never said anything and she was asking all the usual and sipping questions and oh it was just horrendous
But you you think that we got a lot of spots on some of the shows on this station. It's in all spots hour
There is no show
And she come that they come back and she'll like ask of one simple idiotic question
And he'll have an expression on his face and the silly women are going to like
Oh okay we're going to have the tittering yeah and over nothing
And they're plotting like the stepper wives like automaton like auto matrons at any rate
And then like he'll say a couple of cuties and then like a minute and a half later
Well we'll be right back and the president is going to read to us from his book and every minute and a half there's another break
What kind of a format is that?
Even a worst team never had a floor mat like that
So God only knows who those people are watching that crap. That's a sad sign for America the fact that that bitch is making all of that money and that the housewives of America are glued to that crap
If she says squat 50 million women are running out there squat in the middle living room
What's your take on Bill Clinton we asked?
Quite frankly it was a very unimpressive interview to say the best. I mean there really wasn't a interview
Right
That I saw no that British interview was that yeah the one where he supposedly lost his cool
They showed a clip of it this morning and I thought that was great. It's about time
We saw somebody animated as opposed to the walking dead like John Kerry
Good to see somebody the veins popping right out of his neck and of course the substance of what he said was absolutely correct
That the media didn't give a crap about how Ken star was terrorizing these people and trying to putting all these innocent people in jail
Like Susan McDougall and dragon people's kids out of having the FBI drag them out of school in the middle of areas
Right there questions you gave him a complete free ride any abuse they wanted they and died all these little people from Arkansas
What did you care about them? They're not famous who cares if they're lies with trample?
Who cares if they're children the humiliated who cares if star sins FBI is to their school and rip them out of their school
To humiliate them trying to force their parents to lie about me.
How do you like that? Well what timing man? I got it. That was sensational. Thank you. I'm very kickin
How's it going?
He could do some acting with a face like that. That was great. Yeah, I love Bob. I mean he made a lot of mistakes. He did a lot of things wrong
But compared to what we got now that well anyway, here's the poll from yesterday and that's what people are thinking mostly
What's your take on Bill Clinton even though I'm not going to buy that book because I would never read it
He was much better than W 871 45% of this audience said he was much better than W
He's the greatest 648 another 33.4% add those together. He got 78.3% that is overwhelming. How do you like that?
He was an embarrassment 207 10.6% who I guess were embarrassed by that multi-colored curved penis. His ego is out of control 93. He has a nifty penis 62. He was week 32 and he was tried a
Upstage carry 24 out of 1944 votes. They're two thousand votes. How do you like that? I'm pretty impressed and you ought to be too.
I was impressed and hearing about Mo and the audience thinks that I make these things up when I tell you that
The guilty hates him like poison and has for a hell of a long time and has been calling me and everybody else in town including people out
Of the white pages in the phone book to complain and whine about it. That's the truth. And of course once Mo gets with for that then you know what's going to happen there.
But really when you come right down to it, I don't want to stick up for mode too much but when you really stop and think about it
Who are the people that he turned on except us now we know that he was wrong about us even he started to admit that. That's right.
But the beast is a good point. I don't want him on this show anymore. I mean he's you know he's kind of like the station mascot you feel sorry for him.
He waddles around you wait for him to like explode right in the middle of the studio. Beast guilty. Huh? What?
So I'm thinking that maybe he isn't all bad the more my absolutely not too good but not all bad I see a chance for real rebonding there.
Cold bond. Yeah old bond. Civil shepherd is on our behind-to-beated curtain today now if anybody don't know who civil shepherd is she ain't no Kelly Shepherd I'll tell you that.
She was born February 18th 1950 which makes her kind of an old bag if you ask me she's 50 or four. Wow.
That is old as I am but she's she's getting there civil shepherd.
And that's sad that she's already 54 I can't believe that that shows you how old we're getting.
Right but that picture unfortunately are fortunately how you want to look at it is not what she's 54.
No it's a pretty good picture I don't want to read the whole because everybody knows who she is she was in while justice slaves she was in civil because they didn't have to name anybody baby brokers there was a little boy the detective the long hot summer nothing really any very good when you come right down to it.
The lady vanishes Daisy Miller the heart break in the last picture show that was a good moving right depressing boy I was more that was very morbid and depressing but anyway.
There's civil shepherd take a puket that on our behind the bearded crew and if you're with ages 75 that lots of heavy duty stuff including the new FCC find.
Wow.
Oh wait till you hear about that 99 to one 99 to one boy it's really close you've got a real hell of a good chance of getting a freedom back in America right no forget about it.
Freedom is just a distant memory freedom of speech freedom of anything it's all gone because we got that courageous congressman really you're going to step up to the plate.
And they walk off they're going to write a walk off bill is what they're going to do by the way I found out where that term came from yes Dennis Eckersley stop talking to your teeth.
I like it.
Yeah go ahead now he he dropped that I guess right after his career.
See that look at that look how much different he sounds he's that talking to his teeth if you listen to me you could have a great career but when you start talking to your teeth like that people start you know.
So Dennis Eckersley said to walk off or what yeah he's he started it he had a hell of a mustache I'll tell you that.
And he had a full head of here he had a big head of here in fresh sloppy he was like a from the neck up I hear ball you sound like the Ron Jeremy of head I mean you know I'm saying from the neck up.
No explain.
Oh my better quit right there well I got the Charles Alphairie spot coming up right now if you want those guys who only is jealous of people like Dennis Eckersley and people like I like hair all over you.
Maybe you're jealous of on Jeremy but I doubt it anyway Charles Alphairie can get you some serious look and hair right back instead of that mousey looking look or some of those people like that nasty muscular look.
Absolutely.
There is a hoot and a holler if you want to look really great if you want to like change your life for the better Charlie can do it for more than 35 years.
He's been doing it for big shots for low shots for everybody in between he's been on good morning America the today show CBS morning news because Charles Alphairie's natural hair line system is the most amazing the best looking in the universe.
Keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system is that hair line and Charlie's new skin like hair system is 100% undetectable which makes it really.
Un-de-leadable.
That too and it gives you this money back guarantee so what he got to lose beside the shiny ugly balls but that makes you look old and decrepit.
You try to say a system for 30 days.
Fuck dirty man.
For a lot of month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells return it for full refunds or what's not to like.
Call Charlie today forget about the muskrats and the pills all those dangerous stupid looking things and start looking better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or check them out on the worldwide web at Charles Alphairie.com.
This is my theory like with Neil Rogers also it's the kind of thing like if you throw a ball at him he runs the other way.
If you shot a hockey puck in Neil Rogers he'd be running down 4-41 the other way.
Now you should go on the tools of ignorance and he was a catcher in minor league baseball and you could have gone pro.
Show the deradiation.
Actually it's probably been more profitable.
We're very concerned about whether we're going to have part sounds on a radio but there are two more American kids that got killed in the rack this morning.
You won't find it on the CNN website or MSNBC's website.
The only reason I know is that about 8 o'clock I saw the crawl on MSNBC two more US soldiers killed in a rack.
So the media this is kind of like Vietnam and reverse.
Remember in the beginning when it was one or two soldiers killed right away it was big news and we had the names and it was like on all the websites and it was like the lead story.
Now American soldiers get killed it doesn't even make the newscast anymore.
It's more a small potatoes as we approach the 900 number and pretty soon a thousand and then maybe 2000 and who knows after that.
So ordinarily I would start off with the bad news telling you that two more American soldiers died but I just can't find a story but I can just tell you that bad news.
David and Kendall faxes and says you read an article on Monday about the death of baby Ali who suffered from an easily treatable condition.
Yesterday you read an article about where the proceeds of a racks oil is going or not going.
Today CNN is reporting that the pipelines that were all but destroyed three weeks ago are finally up and running as of today.
Thanks for those low gas prices Mr. President.
Oh!
We can't seem to get basic medical supplies to the Iraqi people.
There are people in major cities that have been without electricity or clean drinking water for over a year now but by God we got those pipelines pumping again.
All right.
You know, and speaking of that, speaking of the mad dog.
I got to play a little bit of this from yesterday because he is doing to show this week from Rickavik from the Gulf tournament.
The quality of the line was so good and whenever he can 5 6 7 0 5 60 that's how you reach us here on the show if you're out there or from Iceland.
No less. Can you can you believe that?
The dial is up.
Huh?
Even more amazing.
Yes.
I stayed in front of you now.
Two years later and say it took me a little while.
I'm a little slow learner but Neil, I apologize.
No!
You have got to be kidding me and you know what?
I apologize back even though I didn't try to get you fired like you tried to get a destroy my career and try to get George fired and everybody else in the building.
I take it all back too.
Let's start fresh because I think I've just made a new ally.
I apologize.
Right.
Well, I don't have anything to apologize for but well, we're still continuing ripping him an ass but at least I think he finally understands what those bits are all about.
Right.
Which is why we started out with a double-billed one today.
They're bits of love.
You're not going to believe this.
This is a true story to show you how sick I am.
You know the deeperple one which I'm just obsessed with that.
Oh, it's phenomenal.
It's classic.
But I went to bed about 20 after 11 which is about, usually about 11 of them, 15 I go to bed in my eight hours.
And I'm laying there and of course when you go on vacation, when you're away for a while in the bits that were like really timely.
Right.
Before you went on vacation and then you forget a couple of them.
And I started thinking about this and I came running in here.
This is the truth.
I got out of bed.
And I came running in here and I had to listen to it.
Oh, you're sick.
I got a cold head number one.
I'm serious.
I had to listen to it.
I've just obsessed with that.
You're a sick man.
I am.
You've got to play that again.
In fact, we might just play that for four hours today.
Oh, the main man, the moment.
Apology accepted.
See, the whole deal is now we're all going to pile on to guilty.
And rightfully so there is the chigger in a wood pile.
That's squeaky voice.
No talent, little backstabbing twerp.
Who wants everybody else's job.
Oh, when I talk to your aunt, can't he think so?
I had to do the morning show all by myself.
Yeah, I think he's right.
I don't need moe and I don't need Joe.
I don't need anybody else.
That's the chigger in a wood pile.
A man who's got no talent.
A man who's got a voice that like scratching nails on a blackboard.
In fact, I think we ought to have a new bit called nine sounds that you hate.
You know, remember this one?
Sure, it's a classic.
Yeah.
Hey, sounds that you hate.
Yeah, there's the ninth one.
Okay, the sound of that voice.
Anyway, let's get to some serious stuff here because you've got me.
I play it one more time.
I got to hear that.
I stayed in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
A little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
Oh, my God.
You are the truth.
Oh, man.
Like I said, my main man, the moe master.
I never thought this day would come.
You know, I just can't wait to be in fact, I'm not going to kiss him on the lips
because that would gross both of his up.
But I will stand there and with my arm around his shoulder,
let you take a picture then put it right on our website.
Sure, then we can party.
No.
I'll bring the bag.
No, he'll bring his own bag.
Here's today's poll question.
Jeez, I mean, I start out by admitting I actually watched Oprah 40 minutes yesterday,
which I, it's just, I can't even believe I said that out loud.
And then we got the apology from Moe.
Things are happening.
I asked the girl at what's his name?
Muff and the clearance this morning when he'll Joe Rose is coming back.
And they said, uh, little, little, little, little, little, little.
Yeah, that's what they said.
As the Greg Reed School of Neurosus continues to queue,
it's just amazing.
I think, I think the soap opera aspect of the radio stations,
one of the best things we got going for us.
I know one handyman frustrated, but on the other hand, the audience loves it.
Anyway, here's today's poll, which of these people best fits this description.
Let me say it again, which of these people best fits this description?
Someone famous he used to dislike, but now like a lot.
And I got Judge Judy.
Sure. Good choice. I agree.
Because in the beginning, when I first saw Judge Judy,
she was just another jappy, uh, Judge Watner.
She was trying to do the straight routine and just to be, you know, the hang-in judge.
Yeah. But now she's a hoot.
She's hysterically funny.
And I just think she's great. I love Judge Judy.
I love what she bitches.
All these Yahoo trailer trans people out.
You let your anti-semitism get in the way of life.
That must have been it.
What's your excuse?
Okay. Now, what do you got for anything?
No, I'm not agree with Judge Judy unless I hear something better.
No.
The same thing. I didn't like her in the beginning.
Josh, you got anyone for this?
I'll thank you, somebody.
Okay.
Which of these people that you used to dislike, but now you like them a lot?
How about Mo, how are David?
There you go.
Absolutely.
I love Mo.
I want to have wild monkey sex with Mo.
I have one I thought went up.
Yeah.
I was talking about her last week.
Dido.
Dido?
The singer, Dido.
Yeah, I know.
I called her something else, but we better not say.
We better not say it because we want to say it.
That's the quarter of a million plus.
Yeah.
Now, can you imagine if we had like rattled off about 20 farting sounds in a road?
That's the end of the budget for this month and next month.
And I would have thought that with Clarence and Muffer right in there together this morning,
maybe the discussion would have been about something important like Senate O'Kay's
Higher Fiance for Indecency and even though the final bill hasn't been hashed out and signed,
which you know that Bush will sign in the heartbeat.
It's going to happen.
If you think that you're spineless Congress or the Democrats or anybody else,
the Green Party, the Purple Party, the Purple People Leader are going to bail us out of this.
Forget about it.
Ain't going to happen.
None of them have any guts.
The only...
This story is just astonishing.
What was it in the house?
It was like 391 to 25 or something like that, the Indecency Bill.
Faced with public-irrover-racie language, explicit scenes and skinbearing outfits,
the Senate overwhelmingly agreed yesterday to find radio and television broadcast and personalities
as much as $3 million a day for airing indecent entertainment.
Oh, God.
After the effort is stoked by Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell's wardrobe malfunction at the Super Bowl,
the Senate rushed the bill through on a 99-to-1 vote without floor debate.
Zyna America.
GOP Senator the ultra-right-wing Nazi Sam Brownback at Kansas said the issue had been debated enough.
Lawmakers have continually criticized broadcasters for airing what they say is increasingly
coarse programming that can be seen or heard by children.
People are tied to this indecent material on over-the-ear public broadcast,
particularly during prime time when people's families are watching said Brown back the bill's sponsor.
We're going to have to take action because the broadcasters won't police themselves.
Under the measure, the maximum fine for both broadcasters and entertainers
would increase up to $275,000 per incident up from 275 for license holders and 11,000 for personalities.
The fines would keep increasing for each incident until a maximum of $3 million a day is reached.
The House passed a similar bill that would set fines at a half a million.
Differences between the two bills must be worked out.
The Senate moved the measure without debate as part of the massive defense bill expected to be approved later this week.
The only Senator vote against the measure was Senator John Brode, Democrat Louisiana,
and the reason he voted against is because he's retiring at the end of his current term.
He ain't got nothing to lose.
Even our great defenders of the First Amendment like Ted Kennedy and Russ Feingold,
all of these others sell out, say voted yes.
I Russ, my case, freedoms did.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 at WDQM at summertime, days are getting longer nights getting shorter,
which means it's so important for you to get a good night's sleep.
If you're not sleeping as well as you could call 1-800-Matris today,
millions of people have called 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S to get the lowest prices on the best brands in bedding.
The easiest possible way to get your great night's sleep for a long time to come.
Save time, save money, improve your productivity, and brighten your disposition with a good night's sleep.
Dollar-Matris has ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourism Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-MATris, you'll get the best prices on the best brands delivery on your schedule,
that's to our window that you pick, and the best customer service in the universe.
Dollar-Matris has got all the goods. They got the complete line of ceilies,
shirt of King Coral Simmons, tempered
and sterens and faust or a huit. From Kent Listor, Palm Beach to Ford Myers,
Dollar-Matris deliver right to your door. The finest bedding going anywhere.
Everyone at QAM including yours truly, women called Dollar-Matris for a long time right now for our beds.
You should be doing the same. Log on to their website, mattress.com.
If you like or you're my call if that's all for your number,
they'll be knocking on your door in no time at all. 1-800-MATris, 1-800-MATris.
Buy and look over here, sports radio, five cities, you ain't, you AM.
Come back to the Moho and David's house.
Here, here, here, here, here, here, here's maintenance.
Finally, I have the show off to myself.
Ooh, look, a microphone in this button here.
The models, they play baseball.
Like, when you hear this, voice, and scray out of my chair, giggles.
Let's share.
I was out the whole way, see.
And I saw that fat little beast out there, and I glazed it to his face.
I don't think it can say that.
Ah, not that way. With spittle.
You spit in a stag.
Yeah, like this.
What did you not call it?
Because I call it like that's why.
I hate looking at the pipe with you, but you're a nasty smelly, gruey cute.
I won't ignore it, won't say so far, I said, so I'll stay now.
Now you act, forever.
Oh, I be the one to do.
Oh, wow, is what that toolbar had you.
Why you sticking little punk?
What the hell do you know?
It's because of you I got a lousy show.
Recreate those.
That's what I call great pain.
I'm supposed to spit my eye out of that.
I'm a pulmologist.
Oh, say, do we.
Let's do that.
It's all that's to do for that.
I don't want to go back on.
No.
No.
Oh, I'm going to go back on.
I'm going to go back on.
27 to 11 at 560 WQM.
Let me take a look at that schedule.
We got the mad dog from.
What, we don't know if he's back.
Of course he's not back.
He's from a wreck of it.
How do I know how would he be back?
He moves fast.
No.
And we got to hopper at 460.
Got your marlins on deck.
Atlanta at the floor to the brave marlins of polvans last night.
4 to 3.
Graves at the marlins tonight.
705 game time at the ballpark.
8K after the ballgame.
Michael Moore and his distributors.
Don't forget this Friday.
It's only two days away now.
Oh, yeah.
Furnite 9-11.
Michael Moore and his distributors lost their appear yesterday.
The Lord, the R rating for Furnite 9-11, is skating assault on President Bush's actions
before and after the 9-11 attacks.
Lionsgate films and IFC films.
The movie distributors said an appeals board for the Motion Picture Association of America rejected the request to reduce the rating to PG-13.
The R rating prohibits those 17 and younger from seeing Furnite 9-11 with them in the adult.
The one good thing about all that is they can't vote anyway.
Right.
So it gives a crack.
The movie which won the top-order at last month can film festival was rated R for violent and disturbing images and for language.
The movie's images include an Iraqi man tossing a dead baby into a truckload of bodies.
Iraqis burned by napom and a public beheading in Saudi Arabia.
Tom Mortonberg, President of Lionsgate films that argue to the appeals board that 15 and 16 year olds should be free to see the film on their own because they could end up a military service in Iraq in the next few years.
That's an excellent point and it makes too much sense, obviously.
I hope the R rating doesn't have a large impact on the box office, Mortonberg, said I've spoken with many parents including some on appeals board who absolutely said they're going to take their children to see the film.
We just have to hope that, look, if people took their kids to see the passion of the Christ and all that violent crap that whipping and beating and flailing and bleeding and all of that garbage, why wouldn't they take them to see something that has some social relevance besides a bunch of fairy tales?
That was for a good cause and this is a good propaganda.
Yeah sure was.
We'll just have to hope the teenagers were encouraging to see this picture find their way in through parents with adult guardians or just sneak in the live bathroom to get fake ID.
I'll take everybody who wants to go.
I have seen entertainment president John Assyring disagreed with the MPW's ruling ed in but we do respect the process and appreciate that the MPW listened with open minds to our appeal.
As anyone who's read a paper watch TV surf the web or chatted by a water cooler this week could attest the interest in Fahrenheit 9.11 has grown to mammoth proportions during when on.
It's a shame that Fahrenheit 9.11 will become inaccessible to a segment of the American population to whom this film has a great deal of relevance.
Opens and limited release in New York today.
Why didn't know that did you know in New York City? Well let's go. I'm leaving right now.
I can get there.
Lots quicker and you can't and nationwide about 850 theaters on Friday including here in a T O T.
How do you like that?
And that's that's a homework assignment for everybody.
Well everybody connected with this show.
Not everybody else it QA because this movie obviously has nothing to do with.
That's right. Or maybe it does.
I don't think we're going to get too many. Maybe it's maybe it's a tough question today.
I thought about that because we've done to be verse one which we got a tremendous amount of response.
Somebody that you used to like and now you hate them like poison and of course it's a really negative thing.
We got tremendous response on that. I think we've done that a couple of times.
We've never done this one though. It's a little more positive and uplifting.
Like looking out my window in a sunny shine. Beautiful going to be 75 today here.
Low humidity. It's just great.
So it's uplifting which I realize how Florida hates it especially since it's 100 degrees in the shade.
And even screw in was into this morning bitching and more.
So humid and it's so too bad.
And by the way go take a quick shower honey.
Anyway which of these people fits best description.
Someone famous you used to dislike but now you like a lot.
Judge Judy's got four votes. Dino's got one and more.
How are they but don't have any of those in the only three names we got so far.
But let's take some more WQA him. Hello.
I like that one. Hello. Yes sir.
I bought a store. I used to really hate him now. I love them a lot.
Excellent choice. Thank you. George Rodriguez.
Let's get a little Georgia on there. The audience didn't give him too much slack at the beginning but now he's grown on them like a gigantic malignant tumor.
Lots of flak. I told you that. No they loved your performance last week. It must have been sensational. Even Josh said you were great.
More fantastic. I pay him to say that though.
He didn't he but he didn't say that. Not that you were I'm sure was an excellent week.
I just had that feeling. Good see it on our website had a lot of hits on there.
Of course mostly was for Britney Spears naked pictures but never was.
Now it was good. Of course I was putting the audience unbeknownst to them.
I was putting those great bedtime stories on here because I'm a hell of a guy.
Yes you are. And even all summer long when I'm going to be doing just my two of days and two and all's in the two of minutes like rush.
I'm just still going to be putting them for your stories on here.
That's a good. I will tell you that.
Yeah. Because see a QA one of our biggest problems and it's not only QA in America in general.
The work ethic you can't complain about it because it doesn't exist.
I mean most people like our radio station they just they just kind of like slough their way through the day doing as little as they possibly can.
Feeding their face with a bunch of free food and donuts and crap and a bunch of free sodas that they scam out of our refrigerator there.
And then they just go home and that's it. That's their idea of doing a day's work.
Work. What did work ever accomplish? Right.
So one of the little messages that I can send to Long Girl you pipsquakes out there.
Something a lesson in life is that you don't have to like work your ass off but just even a reasonable amount of effort.
Just a minimal amount of effort already puts you like a hundred miles ahead of the pack.
You're like way ahead everybody else. Do I have to get up? No you don't even have to do that.
Just like pretend you're making effort. That already puts you like our sales department.
You're a million miles ahead of that number ketchup. We're having a QAM. Hello. Not there. QAM. Hello.
Neil God. Yes sir speaking. Hey this often fired up. The New York Times had a great article in the We Can Review on Sunday.
Yeah. You know this whole link that they try to say that oh definitely it's not the same now. I had a link which...
No no we we had that on yesterday. I talked about that. It's like a bull crap. There's all a lie.
Yeah well the New York Times has a great article that just has for bait and work for work.
Kind of Lisa Rice, Rumsfeld, Cheney all the way up even to the head monkey about exactly their words of what they said.
You know and their speeches and statements trying to link exactly and now the commission is showing.
Even the Republicans commission are saying they're not. Right.
But I heard a little bit you were talking about Rutan and the spaceship.
I'm really excited about that. I hope that the wife ends up the planet a little bit. We get stuck in that in the space and see how little the place is.
Okay well good luck to sir. See how little the place is. I thought he meant the earth is what he's probably trying to say.
Is that what he's trying to say? Something like that. Something like a space cadet because he's obviously done some good crap already this morning.
20 before 11 at 560 WQAM. If you've got a good crap and bad crap and all kinds of crap and you're carpeting, what are you going to do?
You're going to go to the supermarket and slap home a bunch of heavy equipment. Of course not. Nobody wants to do that because all you're going to do is make a mess anyway.
Just sit back pick up your phone, make one easy call to dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071.
They'll come to your home, roll up their sleeves, they will dry clean your carpeting. Same idea is dry cleaning your clothing but they're the only ones in the world to do it.
It's an exclusive patented method that leaves your carpeting looking and smelling and feeling just like you had brand new laid right there on your floor.
They dry in a couple of hours, they smell em and you're fresh and you're ready to rock and roll again so you really can't clean today and entertain tonight.
It's more than just another advertising slogan. No rip offs, no games, no scams at the end of the job, no disappointments.
They just hand you a nice little rose, you give them a check, could they give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start doing a workout and you can beat that.
So whether it's your area rugs, your area little carpets, your flying magic carpet, your carpeting, drapery, or poultry, all these things, dry concepts are the ones who do a superb, unbeatable job for you.
They've been doing it in my house for over 20 years and if you tell them to put you understand, by list, they'll save an extra 15% off their all run already on beatable deal like I just said.
Call them toll free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the worldwide web at dryconcepts.com.
My life and love this is 4356-188-188-188.
The breath are beautiful.
Coming at tonight, on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, we take a good, hard, stiff look and to start him.
They were a band that took a while to settle on a name. All they knew was that it should probably be a slang word for a woman's breasts. They were the hooters.
Oh brother, did these guys go through the names?
Tonight, Chet Stools, the hooters manager, brings us rare footage of several of the band's early club dates, like this 1981 appearance in Cleveland.
Okay everybody, give it up for the enormous rats!
Followed by a county fair show in Des Moines.
Okay everybody, give it up for the boatatious ta-ta!
Finally, at a club in Wisconsin, the band thought they'd finally come up with a simpler, better approach.
Okay everybody, give it up for the s-!
Hello? Is this thing on?
So at last they decide on the hooters. We have a hit, and then we find out this new restaurant chain is sowing us. End of career.
You know the restaurants I mean. Where they hide the girls with the big basones, the gigantic jugs, the massive melons, the huge knock.
The hooters. I guess they were about as successful as any band named Dr. Breast could be.
It's a big, juicy, sapping wet look at showbizes tonight, on inside the mines.
10.47, I'm not going to get a lot of hoots on this poll today because this is another one twice in the same week I guess, that I just struck them other low than reverse.
But that's okay, I don't care, I think it's a really good question, just something positive, and this crowd don't like it.
Elmer says, I know you'll disagree with me on this, and I don't really care Elmer, it's not a question.
We're not just asking what Neil's opinion is, that's why we do the poll Elmer.
But I want to add M&M to the list. He sharp, we'll need to linguist and lyricist as well as a master manipulating the media to his advantage.
Jim Carey comes a close second, but I nominate M&M for the poll, you got it Elmer. PS, I still hate Mo, how are you David? How do you like that?
Absolutely.
It's okay, we don't mind.
Mo and I, we got everybody in a really good mood now except of course for the odd man out.
Boy, he's really something else.
That too. Look at his George's right on Judge Judy's ass there, she's got seven votes, George's got five, Mo, how are David's got three and Dino's got a pair.
We only got 17 votes. Probably if I shut up and put some more names on there, we get some more votes, right?
Maybe, let's try.
WQA and hello.
Yes sir.
Yes, hi for your poll.
My nomination will be passed this year.
I'm not under any illusions, I mean I know when it comes to like cultural issues.
Yeah, no, I understand what you're saying.
Yeah, but I definitely have, I mean it's all part of the same thing in his worldview.
He's putting America first, etc. etc. which I think is what we should be trying to do.
Look after our own terms that are trying to fix the world, exporting democracy, etc. etc.
So he would be my top choice.
If you do the reverse poll though, it's got to be still Henry or Chris Hitchin.
Okay, thanks when we do the reverse one about six months we'll keep those in mind.
Are you sure?
Yeah, we won't forget.
Okay, a pap you can and I can relate to that, we talked about that.
Although he is kind of like Nazi light now compared to what we got.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line WQA am hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Sensational.
Good, good.
Yeah, I got one for your poll.
All right.
I'll tell you, I hate for so much.
I fell in love with Bubba.
Okay.
Yeah, I would do anything to have him back.
I think that's why people are lining up for that book so much that they may not even read it.
They just want to show their how much they miss what we had before.
Well, I won't read the book either.
But I wish we had a back.
I just I love the guy now 10 5 years later.
Okay, thanks probably.
Bill Clinton get him on there.
Bubba, he's peddling books.
He's all over the place.
He's everywhere.
Even on your pop-up poster in the morning.
The Reverend Moon, honored at Hill Reception.
This story is it, you know, wasn't bad enough the story about the Ascended Bill on Indecency 99 to 1 vote?
Well, what does that tell you?
See, it's an election year in the idea that anybody would be seen as supporting quote-unquote in decent speech or in decency on broadcast airwaves.
I mean, God forbid.
So we just don't have anybody with any balls basically who's in office.
We got people like Michael Moore and the people who are in a room with any political office.
They're the ones with a ball.
Then we got the eagotist like Ralph Nader who's busy running around.
Oh, the black caucuses get out of there.
You're going to screw it up again.
Oh, chance.
No way.
I got the answers.
I'm going to do this.
And I'm going to do that.
Yeah.
I got one suggestion for you, Ralph.
Retire!
That's my suggestion.
You pathetic old egotistical piece of crap.
You bag of a wind.
More than a dozen lawmakers attended a congressional reception this year honoring the Reverend Sun Mi-on Moon in which Moon declared himself to be the Messiah and said his teachings of how Hitler and Stalin be reborn as new persons.
This is your government in action, folks.
At the March 23rd ceremony in the Dirkson Senate Office Building, Representative Danny K. Davis, Democrat of Illinois wore white gloves and carried a pillow holding an ornate crown that was placed on Reverend Moon's head.
I would have heard.
The Korean-born businessman and religious leader then delivered a long speech saying he was sent to Earth to save the world six billion people.
Amplorist kings and presidents have declared all to heaven and earth that Reverend Sun Mi-on Moon is none other than humanity's savior Messiah returning Lord and two-parent.
Details of the ceremony, first reported by Salon.com writer John Gornfield, have prompted several lawmakers to say they were misled or duped by organizers.
Their complaints prompted a moon affiliated website to remove a video of the Crown of Peace ceremony two days ago, but other websites have preserved details and photos.
Moon 85 has been controversial for years, renowned for his officiating at mass weddings. He received an 18-month prison sentence in 1882 for tax fraud and conspiracy to obstruct justice in a 1997 sermon he likened homosexuals to dirty, dung-eating dogs.
Among the more than 300 people who attended all are part of the March ceremony, who was Senator Mark Dayton, Democrat of Minnesota, who now said simply he was honoring a constituent receiving a peace award and didn't know that Moon would be there.
We fell victim to it, we were duped Dayton spokeswoman Chris Lisey, say yesterday.
Other lawmakers who attended were listed as host felt the same, she said, everyone I talked to was furious, she said, with Minnesota's demanding to know whether Dayton's the follower of Moon, Lisey said the senator persuaded the St. Paul Pioneer pressed to write an article allowing him to reply.
The events organized just flew in nearly a hundred honorees from all 50 states to receive state national peace awards, the only international crown of peace awards went to Moon and his wife.
Some Republicans who attended the event, including Representative Roscoe G. Bartlett, said they did mainly salute the Washington Times, a conservative leaning newspaper owned by Moon's organization.
I had no idea what would happen regarding Moon's coronation speech Bartlett said yesterday, but a key organizer, Archbishop George Stallings Jr., pastor of the Imani Temple Independent African American Catholic congregation in Northeast Washington said, Moon's prominent role should have surprised nobody.
He said a March 8th invitation tax to all lawmakers stated that the primary program sponsor would be the Interreligious and International Federation for World Peace founded by Dr. Reverend Dr. and Mrs. Somnion Moon, who would also be recognized that evening for their lifelong work to promote interfaith cooperation and reconciliation.
You have to be deaf dumb and blind not to know that any event that's sponsored by the Washington Times could involve the influence of the potential presence of the Reverend Moon, he said.
The use of the Dertzin Building requires the senators approval, they didn't say they gave no said permission and Stallings said the question who did so is shrouded in mystery. Nobody wants to take credit for it, I guess.
So there you go. Your government in action again, baby.
And proven methods of prevention are showing the spread of this disease are slowing the spread of this disease.
You always talking about that, George W. Bush disease.
There's going to be one prevention, make sure it doesn't recur again, that's on November 2nd.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, which of these people best fits the description.
Someone famous you used in this life, but now like a lot, Judge Dunes got nine, little George, there's got eight, Mohawar David is moving up with six.
How do you like that, Moe? You're doing it.
Absolutely.
M&M 3, Dino's got the pair.
Had you can and two and Bill Clinton's got one or only 31 votes, we're just not going to get much on this.
You know what, who cares? We're not here to get votes.
Right? Reverse one, I think that's the idea.
Right. WDQAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I guess that's our number.
No, I don't think so. Is this WQAM you're calling?
Yeah.
Well, that's me.
Okay.
That might speak in an ill.
Yes, you are.
Well, for the poll, I would suggest Ronald Reagan only because he's dead.
Let me think about that for a while.
Let me put my thinking cap on.
Okay, see if I can analyze that for you.
See, you know, you're right.
We'll have to switch the poll. We'll have to do it the reverse way again.
I hate, we've done that before.
I try to come up with new stuff that we've never done before, but you people are so negative and so hostile.
And so, because it's a South Florida thing, I understand it's 400 degrees in the shade and you're pissed off that you're there and you're all been out of it.
You know, you know, you're going to have to shake about the mosquitoes the size of bowling balls and that humidity and all of these things, you know, but, uh, geez.
Really sad.
Know your crowd.
Yeah, you're right. WQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, man.
Yeah, hi.
First of all, I wanted to comment on that Sun Young Moon argument.
You notice how they never said any part of it that I heard that anybody walked out.
Right.
They all said they were all upset, but they never actually got up and...
Well, they only proclaimed to be upset after it got to the media that they were there in the first place, then they're trying to cover their ass.
Oh, of course.
Of course. But the reason I called with the article about the rating on bowling, I'm not going to call him, I'm listening to me, for a fair and fight, fair and high at 9-11.
The reason they were saying they weren't going to reduce it from an R was because of the baby and the truck and something else.
I'm sure you've never seen it, but did you know that the monkeys made a movie years ago just at the end of their TV show?
They used documentary footage in there from the Vietnam War, one of which was that street execution in Saigon, where the guy gets shot in the pool.
They showed that at least three times, one time in slow motion, the guy falling all the way to the ground with the blood spurting out of his head.
Guess what rating that movie has the day one?
Gee.
Absolutely. I don't understand.
I don't understand. Hey, listen, we can't even play fart sounds on a radio anymore, much less show things like that.
I get that. They're trying to say that this is not politically motivated or that there isn't some sort of big change in things.
But, well, that's the thing, even before this Janet Jackson has been a very strange thing about that, well, if it's real, it somehow doesn't qualify as being gratuitous.
So because it's documentary footage, it doesn't.
Hey, I got news for you. Another of the senators passed this thing, 99-1.
You just watched them go after the cable and after satellite radio and satellite TV. You ain't seen nothing yet.
Oh, I'm sure.
So I'll see you at the border. I'll see you in Iowa Falls.
Where can I add something to your poll?
Real fast. Michael Moore.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
But...
1057 at 560 WQM, Michael Moore for president.
Oh, yeah!
And who would we say yesterday for VP?
Somebody we like so much. I forgot already.
So who is it?
Yeah, we like them a lot.
Nobody wants to talk about cancer or heart disease, especially when you're thinking about your own health.
But yet you ought to yourself and your family to be sure that you're in good health.
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if detected early.
That's the key finding it in the beginning before it's too late.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, coronary heart scoring,
and full body screening exams. These are amazing miraculous tests that can detect cancer
other life-threatening diseases in their early stages before it's too late.
The doctors before it was neither needed.
So for all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4.966-3600
for the test that, like I said, can find something early or if you're getting a good, clean,
bill of health like I got there, give you a tremendous peace of mind.
At Hollywood Diagnostic Center they offered the state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI,
high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much, much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been doing great work in South Florida for over 20 years.
Their facility also provides a complete mobile Diagnostic service that can come right to you
if you like, fall down and break your neck.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exams today and I really do mean it.
It could be a life-saving phone call. One of the most important you might ever make.
Call 9.5.4.966-3600. That's 9.5.4.966-3600.
I'm on my way and look all this is for real-fixing.
You ain't way, you ain't.
Look, crap, you can unwrap all the slime all the time.
Now another audio selection from the Cleans and Memoirs.
More campaign in today. God, what a pain in the butt.
I can't believe it. I'll tell you one time when people walk up to me and throw their baby in my face
I'd like to just punt it like a football.
The Cleans and Memoirs. Hey, what do you say we go get big maximum of stuff?
That bookstores this summer.
1102-560-WDQM. Most chains of bullet noon will turn it around. We'll flip flop it.
I... Well, that's the only way we're going to get any response.
We only got 50 points.
I know quite a lot of votes on there.
You're leading this one. That's good. That's a good sign.
I used to hate George Lake Poison and now they like some a lot.
Or, he's not as much hate.
No, that's not what the poor said.
Hate like...
Which of these people best fits this description somebody used to dislike but now like a lot.
They love you. They want to come in there and just hop all over your bones and send the picture.
I don't think so. George Rodriguez 15, Judge Judy 13. I love Judge Judy. She's a trip. She's a panic.
She certainly beat sailor the Dr. Judy Dean.
I'd like to watch that.
Yeah, I would like to see her beat the crap out of that bitch.
Although they do look alike. Bill Clinton 7.
Mo Howard David had got 7. You're moving up, Mo.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
M&M's got 7. Pat you can in 6. Dino's got 3.
And Michael Moore's got 1.
Well, that's probably because most of our audience didn't dislike him in the first place.
Well, turn it around at noon or do you want to do it now?
I mean, this is just beating a dead haus.
Whatever, we can do it now.
I mean, all right, we can do it now. And we say George 1.
There you go.
That's a good way to do it.
Kind of like a bush back there.
Or we just stop the count. Now we won.
Let us in.
Yeah, no, no chance.
So let's turn it around.
Eric, of course, is going to have to put the other pool thing on here because he won't let the Josh have full control over the Web.
So it's a way to go.
What?
I said, I don't understand this.
I'm trying. I appreciate all Eric's work for us on that website.
He's a genius.
He's a, we love him like crazy.
The moment he tells me that he had to spend X number of dollars, that check is in the, before the day is out, but before 230, this is the truth.
While the show is on, I'm right now to check the cover of the expense of the thing, the bandwidth or whatever it is.
And it's in the mailbox by 215 just to make sure he gets reimbursed.
How do you like that?
To show how much I appreciate the great stuff he's done for us in the past.
But then again, no, no, seriously.
It's just that he's a little slow on the,
uh, handing things over.
Play that mock clip again. I got to hear that.
I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
A little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
It's way deal.
You are the truth.
Unbelievable.
Oh man.
I tell it like it is, man.
I tell it like it is.
And by the way, you know, experts out there that was a boy.
Let's healing up very nicely.
Thank you. It was a boy.
Let me tell a story again about how that boils you smells real bad.
Not about an boiled over.
Let's change it around.
Which of these people best fits this description?
Somebody famous you used to like, but now you, uh, how do we put it?
This like a lot.
I hate them.
I hate them.
I hate them like poison.
Okay. That's a good way.
Are you sure to put it?
Yeah.
You're going to get a lot of votes, Phil.
Make no mistake about that.
That'd be the one we're starting with.
Phil Henry.
You still love Phil Henry.
Now we hate him like poison.
He's turned into a rat.
Into a right-wing, licking, phony, baloney, uh, backstabbing, piece of dirt.
Hate him almost as much as guilty.
No!
But not quite.
In fact, that's a good one out there too.
We used to like guilty.
I mean, he was okay.
He was innocuous.
He was harmless.
But now we despise him.
So there you go, Eric.
Let's switch it right now when you get around with it in between baloney sandwiches.
Someone you used to like a lot.
But now you hate like poison.
That's right up the alley of South Florida.
Like you said, know your territory.
Did Askrop brush off terror warnings?
This is a horrendous story from NBC News.
But it's typical.
Wait till you hear that there's one line in here that just makes you want to puke.
The 9-11 commission is busy writing its final report.
Well, he was too busy covering up statues to pay attention to stuff like this, covering up those naked breasts.
The 9-11 commission is busy writing its final report.
But it's still investigating critical facts, including the conduct of US Attorney General John Askrop.
NBC News has learned that the commission has interviewed two FBI officials who contradicts sworn tests.
And the testimony by Askrop about whether he brushed off terrorism warnings in the summer of 2001.
In a critical month before 9-11, did Askrop dismiss threats of an Al-Qaeda attack in his country?
An issue was a July 5, 2001 meeting.
That's my mother's birthday, by the way.
July 5, 2001 meeting between Askrop, the acting FBI director Tom Picard.
That month the threat of an Al-Qaeda attack was so high, the White House, some of the FBI domestic agencies,
and warned them to be on alert.
Yet Picard testified to the 9-11 commission that when he tried to brief Askrop just a week later on July 12th about the terror threat inside the United States, he got the brush off.
Mr. Askrop told you he didn't want to hear about this anymore.
The former Democratic Commission member Richard Benvis de A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A.
A.
Garcia confirmed the commission that Ashcroft did indeed dismiss Picard's warnings about
Al Qaeda.
When you get two people coming forth and basically challenging a sworn statement by the Attorney
General regarding a critical meeting in the history of 9-11 event, you raise serious questions
about the Attorney General's truthfulness at Paul Light, a government reform expert in
New York University professor.
Ashcroft's version of events is supported by his top aide who attempted to meet him
for another justice official also there, who Ashcroft's office claim would dispute Picard's
account, says he doesn't recall.
In other words, he hasn't got enough cash yet.
I don't recall the conversation that Interim Director Picard referred to said that he had
the Attorney General Larry Thompson.
Experts say that in the context of 9-11 the issue was not trivial.
Was there a communications breakdown between the FBI and the Department of Justice at the
highest levels of Egypt?
Why don't we have impeachment hearings going on right now, dammit, for John Ashcroft, for
Don Rumsfeld, for George W. Bush.
Why in the world?
Especially with all this boba stuff going on in the book and all this business about Monica
and the stain on the blue dress and all this other baby craft that they dragged us through
them up for two freaking years and wasted $70 million a year taxpayer money on.
How come we don't have impeachment hearings right now for high crimes and misdemeanors
and lying felonies?
He lied about his sex life.
These people are lying about life and death and let me say it again, the two more American
soldiers did in a rack this morning.
And during every break I go to CNN, NSNBC which reported it on the crawl on their own
network, they still haven't discovered that they got it on their own network.
CBS, ABC, NBC, anybody got it?
Reuters, Associated Press, the Fudge Report, any website I can find it.
And you know it's just a matter of time it will finally come out.
But now you're lucky if you even see it on a crawl.
That's how minimal the lives of your American people have become.
Here's a great story.
I love this.
And right in line with what I'm saying about where's the anger?
Where's the outrage?
Where's some action?
We want some freaking action, baby.
The Associated Press sued the Pentagon and the Air Force yesterday seeking access to
all records of George W. Bush's military service during the Vietnam War.
Long overdue.
It's about time.
Maybe the war must start in a final turn.
Long overdue.
Filed in federal court in New York where the AP is headquartered, the lawsuit seats as
this to a copy of Bush's microfilm personal file from the Texas State Library and Archives
Commission in Austin, Texas.
The White House says the government's already released all the records of Bush's military
service.
Why?
Conversely surrounds Bush's time in the Texas Air National Guard because it's unclear
from the record what do these he performed for the military when he was working on the
political campaign of a U.S. Senate candidate in Alabama.
There are questions as to whether the file provided to the news media earlier this year
as complete says the lawsuit.
Adding that these questions could possibly be answered by a review and a copy of the
microfilm of Bush's personal file of the Texas Archives.
The year National Guard of the U.S.A. Federal Entity has control of the microfilm which
should be disclosed that it's in charity under the Freedom of Information Act the
lawsuit be saying.
The White House has yet to respond away request by the AP in April asking the president
to sign a written waiver of his right to keep records of his military service confidential.
Bush gave an oral waiver in a TV appearance that preceded the White House's release this
year of materials concerning his National Guard service.
The government did not expedite their response.
They did not produce the file within the time required by law and it will not now estimate
when the file might be produced or even confirmed that an effort has been initiated to
retrieve a copy from the microfilm of the Texas Archives.
The lawsuit says in the absence of any privacy objection by the president and in light of
the importance of the files released in advance of the November election says the lawsuit,
AP seeks a court order to compel the release of records that are being unlawfully withheld
from the public.
Cover up just like the chaining meeting with the energy meetings all of this stuff.
Government in the dark man.
Government behind closed doors.
Lie and lie.
Secrecy that's what it's all about.
That's the right head about the votes about Jeb Bush and the votes the other day.
If that doesn't make people just blood purl, if that doesn't make you just run out in
the streets screaming and yelling, there's no hope.
You know what I mean?
There's no hope.
Oh, I knew that.
Oh no, look at it.
Like I said, that Eric man, he's a somebody.
He put those names on there.
It was a true effort.
I see.
Okay.
What are these people best fits this description?
Somebody famous he used to like but now hate like poison.
Oh, let's see.
It's a toughy.
We got Steve Geldey-Geldstein.
That's he's getting my vote.
I can't stand that tour.
He is.
Even remember now that he's leaving town.
He'll probably come on here with us one day until his all those stories.
He's got some great stories.
Although leading so far, Phil Henry's got six of the first votes and the Geldey's got
three.
Fred Durst don't have any.
Now why do we hate Fred Durst?
I hate Fred Durst.
Is he the worst Fred Durst?
I never like him in the first place.
I can live with it without him.
I hate him.
I agree.
I used to like their music.
I like their music.
Yeah, I just hate Fred Durst.
Yeah, he but you see you're talking through your teeth again.
Sure.
No, it's not.
When he stopped talking to his teeth before he sounded like a like a bench like somebody
belongs on here like Dave Hagen.
Ersa got it belongs on here.
Yeah, you just say that because you know he's Jewish now.
Yeah, I was just waiting for you to say that.
No, he's good on here.
Curtis is good.
We got we got some good people on here which makes you wonder how come we got so much
of the big and then a twirp.
How come we got them on here?
We got some people that really belong on here and we got those little we got other people
I can talk about sports.
Curtis talks about sports.
Josh there talks about sports.
Dave Hagen talks sports.
What do we need the big?
Oh, I mean, again, it's not personal.
He's a nice likeable guy but man, he's got a person like a brick like a boxer rocks.
Plus like Hank always says he don't know what Ali's talking about.
That's a little bit of a problem.
But nevertheless, I can't wait for a smarty Jones to run the Derby again next year.
Can you?
Who?
Even you know more about horse racing.
Even you're like an expert on harness racing only because all the names have been dropping
over the years.
Right.
And I've been on.
And you've been to Pompa no Park.
What?
Let's have a harness racing hockey and homo show.
What do you say?
All the three age club.
1113 at 560 WQM with a heat of summer here right now.
It's a great time to get out of that old car.
You've been driving it into a great new spiffy Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
You'll find them on US one just 20 minutes off of the 836.
Maybe a little far from where you live, but it's worth the drive because they're going
to save you so much money thousands on unbeatable new Toyota's.
With rising gas prices maybe you want to get a car with more fuel economy.
The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just the 11990 or at least for just 209
a month.
Need a great Toyota for that college or high school grad.
How about the Toyota Echo?
Please price it just 199.
Need a truck to be 620 to a 10-degree regular camp can be yours for just 239 a month.
Looking for the hottest new cars around?
Check out the Corolla XRS and Solarir convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
Their service department is open late to late week nights to make sure they get your service
work done.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Their family own and operated their folks you've in love doing business with.
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead was the first eager to offer your free tires and batteries
for life.
And now, wait a year there's the first to offer free replacement parts for life.
That's correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody knows where does that.
So, instead of wasting time and cash, let them to those mega dealers who give you the
big song of the dance, scream like crazy on a radio and then let you down.
Go see the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead today.
David Rich for an unbeatable deal for real.
Drive a little and save a ton on your new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
5 and a local 60s 5-60s.
3 is all yours.
2 and a half.
2 and a half.
Thank God, bless America and pasties and a G-Spring up here.
I'll do it.
Oh, right.
Okay, okay, okay.
Hi, I'm Aaron Somersie.
You know what?
You got me talking on the passion phones.
Tell me the story about how you got me.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I guess you don't know.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there is an adout.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Are you sure?
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or blue?
Why? I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow.
I'll tell you what's smart before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Look at it, I did it, 560 W.
The reason I played that is because it's a little lost out to their back in the days when we like to feel angry a lot.
Back in the IOD days when things were really great, when things were a little bit too good for management.
And they'd go and screw it all up.
Which is powerful for the course.
Once they're rose coming back, anybody? No. I don't know.
35 votes, Phil Henry 24.
Somebody used to like a lot and now you hate like poison.
Gildy's got seven.
And Fred Gird has four, but we only got three names on it.
We better get some more.
But first here's this facts. Good faxes today.
Yeah, but here's Gregorian Coral Springs. His fax.
It says on page 420 of My Life Bill Clinton writes,
every one of you knows deep in your heart that we are too divided.
It's time to heal America.
He is so right. Bush must go away for the sake of our country's sanity.
After the inauguration next year, we won't miss him on bits.
His Gregorian Coral Springs and Gregorian you are.
Absolutely correct.
Right. He was supposed to be the great healer of Bush.
And of course, he's the most polarizing present in history of the country, the great divider.
The great liar, the great equator, the great dumb bow.
Rick J. and Sunrise though. Here's a fascinating fax says.
I have a friend who works for the Panther Organization.
She brought home a copy of Gildy's demo tape that he submitted.
Oh, and before I read the facts, let me just say this to you.
Now, all the hoopla about who's going to replace Rimor on the TV.
See, what they're basically going to do is how the cheapest person for all these jobs.
That's what they'll do.
They give you a big song to dance about their nationwide search.
Just like we do at QA, I'm nationwide search my ass, you know?
No.
Yeah, you might find a couple of Roids.
But at any rate, that's all a bunch of baloney.
You know, well, we're going to bring in the best probably.
If Steve Goldstein was the Gildy with the best person available to hockey play by play in the Panthers,
I mean, my name is Ishka Bibloukay, and they're going to do the same for the TV Delighting
and then they'll put him at Craig Minervini on there.
It was, you know, not a bad guy, I guess.
But should he be the guy doing it?
Of course not.
I mean, it's just downright ridiculous, but anyway.
I have a friend who works for the Panther Organization.
See, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I guess, I could read that first line again.
She brought home a copy of Gildy's demo tape that he submitted for the Play-by-Play job.
Needless to say, it's both hilarious and pathetic.
Panther fans have no idea what they're in for if and when the Panthers play in the next season
that freaky shrill that emanated from Gildy's larynx when he simulated a Panther goal
will send chills through your spine.
It's a goal, it's a goal, it's a goal.
Thanks for checking it out.
You've got your thumb right on it, baby.
But then again, of course, to show if you're sucking off ass, like which is what he's been doing,
sucking Panther ass for the last seven years now,
and then I'll let us send you just to find yourself all the way up there at the top.
You've been hovering over Jugs McDonald like a Vulture, hovering over Rimmer like a Vulture,
hovering over Moe like a Vulture, hovering over that Joe Rose show.
And the interesting part of it is notice how now he's moved in there along with the Bo camper.
It's the Gildy and Bo show this week while Joe is in the limbo, doing the limbo rock.
Right?
That all rhymed.
Yeah.
Oh, well, we got Moe and the big ol' and Gildy and Bo and no Joe and we lost our Moe Joe
and whatever, you know, anything else that starts with like that or incident.
What do we hear the crow?
And let's put on the hell not for our dark, conflicted folks out there who speak his lingo, whatever the hell it is.
Lingo.
Crow go.
Okay, let's get to this poll.
Let's get some names because this is the one you're right.
This is the one they're going to like format them out about.
Which of these people best fits this description?
Someone you used to like a lot, but now you hate like poison.
Hate them.
WQA, hello.
Hey, there's the morning.
Yes, sir.
Where does this?
Ah, one of the years.
I have somebody for your poll.
Okay.
Somebody used to like when he was with Gildy on that big mario.
Big mario, yeah, that's an excellent choice.
I don't know.
What a cocoa one now.
I don't like dig them all, huh?
Okay, thank you.
Oh, now back in the day, I could have followed that up with something, but I'm not now.
Not what it was $80 billion fines.
No, no.
Anyway, Dick Morris, that's a very good choice.
But what a schmuck he turned out to be.
What is the story with these people?
Well, I guess whoever is paying them at the moment, they'll sign that tune, you know.
There you go.
WQA, hello.
I don't know how you are.
Pretty good?
I see Greg Reed must be as a fellow bonus coming off.
For after running another auction on QAM, did you hear?
Yes.
Another one of those phony auction.
That sounds like you know who?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a GAT and T.
Don't get sucked in by the online auction crap.
Okay, it's strictly money.
The beesleys are going to put in their pocket.
It's not goaded charity.
They make it sound like it's like for some good cause, but it's not.
And the reason the other people on the station, you know, promoted is because they're not in a stronger position as I am.
So as a result, I can basically tell them to stick away the moon don't shine.
Right.
Because I'm not getting involved with that.
No fraud.
Okay, we got enough problems already without promoting frauds and it's radio station.
Problems you don't even know about yet.
WQA, hello.
Neil, I got something for your poll.
Yes, sir.
Somebody's really liked a lot and got on my way to look into her.
She was Dennis Miller and now I just find them like a big.
Yeah, that's a nice one back when he was like just fluff and puff.
But when it wants to be a political right wing lunatic, what's what's the like?
Yeah, but he's actually done.
See that he's negative things about like the Reagan and part of that.
Now he's like he kisses his ass.
Yeah, he's maybe that's why I still on the show.
Maybe they caught the same disease.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I'm not going to take Neil.
Dennis Miller, you got it?
We got it.
We see we'll build a lot of names on this list because there are so many of these people
and so little time people we used to like a lot and now I just like that.
And for multitude of reasons, I mean there are some people we used to like because we enjoyed their work.
But then we saw too much and we became very tech.
I'll give you one.
Jerry Lewis.
Hey lady.
Oh man, you were the kid.
I love all those Martin and Lewis movies and he was okay.
It was a funny guy.
What's not to like?
And then once he started that damn telephon thing, I think that was the point at which we just turn on him like a rat.
And then once then when they stuck that bicycle pump up his ass with all those drugs and it's a blew up like a balloon,
then we really just despised him.
And the kid and king would always, I think the thing with a king show is that he puts on people that he knows everybody hates like Ross P. Row.
People that when you're channel surfing you see the monitor and just, oh man.
But of course it all depends on your viewpoint.
Five.
That is so amazing.
Larry King wearing a Delta pens.
Wow.
As a matter of fact, somewhere in here I had the thing I played it for you this morning.
Although it sounds an awful lot like me.
I'm not going to find it in time.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
What are you talking about?
I can't find it.
Oh, crying out loud.
Well, look for it.
I guess you were getting it.
No.
Huh?
I'm not going to look forward to it in a break.
26 past 11 at 5.
60 QAM.
We're sports radio feisty.
QAM.
Poop my pants.
If there's one thing, fear factor fans love.
More than those outlake is high altitude suns.
It's hearing the host, Chuck Words of Encouragement, from down below.
And now they're all on one terrific new CD.
The best of Joe Rogan screaming on fear factor with memorable cuts like, come on.
Come on, go.
Come on, go.
Hurry up, buddy.
Hurry up, buddy.
And you can do it, man.
You can do it, man.
The best of Joe Rogan screaming on fear factor.
Also includes favorites like, this is for 50 grand, my brother.
This is for 50 grand, my brother.
And, money's on the line, guy.
Money's on the line, guy.
A CD collection without the best of Joe Rogan's.
The best screaming on fear factor is like a day without eating cow eyeballs.
And, if you order now, you'll also receive this 10 CD box set of Joe Rogan saying, dude.
Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, don't delay.
Show the world that good taste is not a factor in order your company today.
Operators are standing by and a now platform suspended 100 feet above the parking lot of an abandoned factory somewhere in greater Los Angeles.
Call now.
29-9-9-9-560 WDQM. Happy Wednesday to you.
Carrie has secret of meeting with Edwards.
Oh my god.
Senator John Kerry held a brief secret of meeting with potential wedding mate John Edwards yesterday.
A sperm of the moment session in the Capitol of Captain Onusual Day of hurry up and wait in the heavily scripted life of the Democratic presidential candidate.
The two men men in the president's tea room are the president's room whether they knew the name or not and ornate sitting room just off the Senate chamber.
And they declined to speak with reporters afterward.
While the brevity of the session indicated it was less than a full-fledged vice presidential interview,
it came roughly a month before the opening of the Democratic National Convention.
And at the time when Edwards is frequently mentioned as a potential wedding mate, you go John.
We like him. He's okay. He never stole a very train.
Good looking guy.
Senator, Senator Kerry has made clear that he wants the whole process to be quite and confidential,
which I think is the correct way to do it.
Edwards told reporters earlier today because of that I'm silent.
I'm mum.
The meeting came on an unusual day for Kerry.
You spend it not campaigning for votes into Mexico as originally scheduled, but in the Capitol.
You'd come for the cast of vote to increase funding for veterans' health care where Republicans eager to deny Kerry the moment he sought maneuver to prevent a rule call.
Playing games with the health care for veterans. Nice.
Same old crap, man. This goes on both parties. They play all the games all the time.
Nobel winners back Kerry say Bush ignores science.
That's a shock in it.
I'm so dismayed.
Democrat John Kerry picked up the endorsement on Monday of 48 Nobel Prize winning scientists who attack President Bush for comprising our future by short-changing scientific research.
And of course they are absolutely correct.
The Bush administration is ignored on bioscientific advice and the policy making that is so important to our collective welfare of the 48 scientists.
To one, Nobel's in chemistry, physics and medicine dating back to 1967, sit in an open letter released by the Democratic presidential candidates campaign.
The scientists have included 2003 chemistry winners Peter Agre and Roderick McKinnon accused the Bush administration of undermining America's future by reducing funding for science and turning away scientific talent with restrictive immigration policies.
John Kerry will change all this. They said John Kerry will restore science to its appropriate place in government.
Why do we need science when we got prayer, right? Right.
Oh, there you go. What do we ever get from science?
In fact, we had Bush and had black church this morning. Do you see any of that on CNN?
Or will keep it our right? Yeah. I swear it for sure. Oh, brother.
I'll tell you one thing. As long as he's in here, we have a prayer. I guarantee you that. All this religious horse crap.
Speaking of the dark folks, the shouting heard through the thick walls and solemn faces on the blow of the black lawmakers left the meeting, gave it away before Ralph Nader even said a word.
The shouting heard through the thick walls. How do you like that? He isn't abandoning his independent candidacy for the present despite the place from the congressional black caucus that he should.
They feel passionately about their strategy. And we feel passionately about our strategy. The egotistical pompous old ass Nader said Tuesday after meeting for almost an hour with more than a dozen black Democrats in the basement of the US Capitol.
They should have tied him up and left them there. Nader's strategy is to help weaken president Bush through his progressive candidacy harvesting support for congressional Democrats in the process. Sure.
The black caucus strategy is to push him out of the race as soon as possible to avoid surfacing too much support from Democratic candidate John Kerry.
That they claim is a primary reason. Al Gore lost Florida four years ago or so it's alleged both sides of knowledge. Afterwards, there was little progress toward a meeting of the minds.
It became abundantly clear to us that this was about Ralph Nader. And we were certainly disappointed. It's a caucus, Germany, larger coming Democrat in Maryland.
If nothing else, we believe we've had an impact on his conscience. Now we pray he'll synchronize his conscience with his conduct. The only problem is I lied to that he can't synchronize his ego. That's the problem.
If the goal is to force a moderator says that will never be an option. He says there needs to be two fronts to defeat the president. He's got a strategy to weaken even the case of an October surprise. He's a bad man.
He's an egotistical pompous ass and those who would vote for him are crazier than he is. If they haven't learned a lesson from four or three whatever it is almost four years ago, then heaven help us. You know what I mean?
They'll got I can't even help you. Now the fact that you're sending your daughter to a Japan. Yeah, to exchange school. I don't I probably shouldn't read the story. It's on our website. I'll go for it.
Pupil who fell asleep told her right in own blood. Yeah, that'll straighten her out. A Japanese boy who fell asleep in class was ordered to write an essay in his own blood as an apology to his teacher.
The 17 year old, the 17 year old was given a box cutter. Probably one of those left over that plane in Atlanta. A box cutter in a piece of paper and told by the teacher to write not in pencil, but in blood because he was not sufficiently repentant.
The boy sliced open the index finger on his left hand and use the blood as ink to ask a student to write in their own blood as something I just can't imagine said. Heroki Dan had met to the school in.
Book your lock out Southern Japan watching the 40 year old teacher who's not been named has apologized to the boy and his parents. He's expected to resume teaching this week. He apologize. Yeah, I want to hear that mo thing again.
I say it in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while. A little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth.
That's all it took. In the past, teachers referred to as churchmen have traditionally been held in highest theme by Japanese society. This incident will further damage a profession whose reputation is already reeling.
In recent months, several teachers have been arrested for having sex with their students, George. Another was sacked after taking his students on a field trip to a massage parlor.
I probably want them to relax. There's a lot of stress and tension before you take those exams, right? They have those public baths over there that are very popular, especially those practical exam.
5.670560.560 on the 18 T and for Rise of Wireless Line. Let's get back to this poll now. This is the good one. I apologize for that other one.
Which of these people best fits this description? Somebody famous you used to like, but now hate like poison. Fill Henry 43. Dennis Miller 18.
Geldie Geldstein's got 15. Fred Der Six. Dick Morris for Jerry Lewis for the first 90 vote. WDQA him. Hello.
Hi, Joe. I'm Gleil. Okay, sir. I don't have anything for the poll, but just with what Bush said today that it in Latin America is so and being.
Okay, chronic. Have a great day. 5.670560.560. He's always the tip off. I'm always uncle. You know, chronic. You're a good guy, but leave the phone down. Put the phone down and leave it down. Talk to us next year for all still here. WQA him. Hello.
Yeah, I comment about that. I call 51. Yes, sir. I just want to know. I'm so upset about all this that I just might have to skip my afternoon latte.
Okay, I'm really upset. I would vote against Bush, but I, you know, I just don't feel like registering a vote and get tied up with a jury.
Incompetitive people do anything.
Zero free.
Do they have any actions close all of the airports in the United States?
All commercial and airline traffic was grounded. But we have some airplanes authorized at the highest levels of our government to pick up for some of the binoculars family members to transport the motor to the company.
Middle of the war, corporations decided to hold a conference to figure out how much money could be made.
One step for oil stops flowing. It's going to be a lot of money. Whatever it costs, the government would be. It's going to be good for business, bad for the people.
Congressman, kind of getting members of Congress to get their kids to listen to the Army and go over to Iraq.
The USA's hatred act allows researchers of medical and financial records.
It gets law enforcement almost unlimited power. The way to the middle of the night is printed in the middle of the night how to Congress ask the hatred act without even reading it.
Sit down, my son. We don't read most of the bills. No one read it.
There are the Congress. There's a final war. We'll let the re-tune the bill.
I think that was a robbery crime for the bloody even soul.
The McCoy door is his tower. Congressman, you the streets of small town America.
You the front lines. This is an interesting crowd to have. And to have more. Some people call you dearly. I call you my face.
It comes the true story that will make you a temperature rise.
I call upon all nations to do everything they can to stop these terrorists killers.
Thank you. Now watch this drive.
This is which we'll face it here.
You am.
Tonight on the apprentice of George W. is called to the board well.
So it comes down to a candidate with a high school diploma who has led well but is often a loose cannon.
This is a tough choice. Actually, this is the toughest choice I've had to make.
The reality is George, you're dealing with multi-billion dollar businesses here. The consequences of hiring a live wire like you could be costly and devastating.
And I have to say, be fired.
What? I'm fired. Oh no, my dad is going to kill me.
Hey, you mean other chains? Wait, you just four more years. That's all I want. Just give me four more years.
You're fired. It's 11.45 and you know, it's interesting that we have this unbiased news like on the Fudge Report.
Yeah. If you look on here today, all he's got. In fact, we I'm still searching for the story about the two American soldiers who died in Iraq this morning, but I can't find the story.
But much more important than that is all a propaganda about.
Oh, well, Clinton's book isn't selling well in the hot springs and it's not selling well in Opalaka.
In the meantime, I just checked CNN money and it says Clinton's my life sets record. One day sales record at Barnes and Noble Exceeds expectations at borders.
But according to Miss Fudge, who evidently is on the phone right now with Miss Coulter and with what's your name? Laura Ingramham, Richard Mellon's Skafe.
All in all, we've got to make it appear that Clinton's book nobody's buying that piece of crap.
All over the news last night, it was all these people getting turned away because they were only selling the advanced order.
First day sales of Bill Clinton's presidential memoirs, My Life, were fast and furious today exceeding sales expectations at some of the nation's largest booksellers.
In spite of the lies that Miss Fudge is putting on there, I'm surprised you don't have all the flashing lights on here again like John Kerry in the intern trying to pedal that kind of crap again.
According to Barnes and Noble, whose Rockefeller Center location in New York City was where the former president made his first book signing appearance, the book is already projected to have set a single day nonfiction sales record of between 90 to 100,000 books sold nationwide, a single day.
In fact, let me look at that thing at that Fudge report. Oh, that thing.
You'll just pee in your pants when you hear this. The whole right hand column in his website right now.
Clinton, let's say sale slow in Florida. Clinton book sales quite in Arizona. Memories not on Houston's bestseller list.
Tom slow out of the gate in Cincinnati, not flying off the shelves in Houston or in the Hudson Valley. Mix reaction, Manitawak.
I'm always concerned about Manitawak. Mixed book sales in Northeast Georgia. Oh, yeah, Northeast Georgia, right in entry there. I've got it too big because they don't got no bookstores up there.
Creates little hoopla in San Antonio, not selling in the Shenandoah Valley book, not so magical in which it falls. Oh my God.
That's like a push as we ask for it to the memoirs just hype ass games bill sales all and it just goes on on the whole thing is that to tell you how his book is selling so poorly.
Man, oh man, what a pathetic faggot you are Miss Fudge. God almighty.
Hundreds of fans lined up outside the store for some for several hours. You can autograph copy of the book Barnes and Noble said Clinton signed about 20 to 170 copies of my life.
Opening day sales of the book and borders group exceeded Hillary Clinton's book living history.
We're estimating that the first day sales of Bill Clinton's book were more than double of what we sold on the first day for Hillary.
In other words, it was huge and perhaps the largest nonfiction title ever for us said Jeffrey Dahman spoke for women for borders who declined to give actual sales numbers.
See this is what the right wing does man. All their propaganda specialists they just make stuff up stuff. They just lie in a lie and a lie and they just did like the pill popper. They just lie like crazy.
Hillary Clinton's book living history sold over a million copies after its release last June.
Dolman said sales of my life were especially strong at borders stores, but it may not be doing too well and managed to walk or whatever it was.
But they're doing big in New York, Washington DC Chicago Atlanta Los Angeles San Francisco adding that the sales of the audio edition of the book were also nearing what we saw sales of the Harry Potter audio editions.
Oh, those minor markets you just mentioned. Yes, minor like New York Washington, the Chicago Atlanta.
In other words, we're the living and breathing people are people and I could larger than the first size in entry though.
It ain't doing too good or in which it all falls. Oh, how sad. How pathetic. How tragic.
Jeek. Okay, let's get back to the pool. Get some names on here. Okay. I feel like I'm a little bit everybody down.
Phil Henry 53. What which of these people bet fits this description? Somebody used to like a lot, but now you hate like poison.
Phil's got 53. Dennis Milo's catching up 40. Gellie's got 21. The quicker Fred Durst 9, Jerry Lewis 9, Dick Morris 5. In fact, maybe this poll will be a squeaker.
WQ a.m. Hello. I'm calling with a name for. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Yeah. Todd. Okay. Todd the snip. Myster. Rush Jr. I think is what he's talking about Todd.
Now be careful. We spell that drive. Right. Todd said on W. I.O.D. afternoons dropping like a rock in those numbers. By the way, now you want.
You're going to be away next week, right? So you won't be there for the big trend coming up. You know, I'm thinking about this spring book in part.
We're going to be in trouble when we lose that big March. We better have a gigantic June. I'll tell you that right now because we're going to lose that 9.2 in men 25 54 March.
Not this next time, but the time after that one whole book comes out, but that's okay because the audience don't care.
And also, I think I finally, after all these years, learned my lesson after this last debacle we had with the trends. I'm not going to do with that way anymore.
I'll just let all the stuff come in. And then I'll put it together during the break and then I'll pour over it on the air as opposed to doing the other way.
It's so clumsy and it's bad radio and it just stay and it's annoying to me because I got crap laid out all over the counter here. It just ain't good.
The VDQ AM. Hello. Yeah, I got one for your poor Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, just tell me what your problem is. Steve Kane.
WQ AM. Hello. Steve Kane. Put him on there. Q. AM. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking to Neil. Speaking. Speaking. Okay. Nice talking to you. WQ AM. Hello. What was the short conversation? Pretty good.
Hey, Neil. This is Victor. I just was calling reference. I want to call you on Monday. Yes, about the walkoff home run. Oh, God. I hope it's a sore subject.
It's sore. It's healing up pretty good. Yeah, I heard about that. Well, anyways, listen, you know what us Cubans use when we played? I played people that in here and softballed all my life college. And the Cubans used to say, Lolehamo and the Hernel, which translate to translate to we left them in the field. We left them on the field. Yeah, it could be a leave them on the field home run. I still like that. Go home or don't you think that's a good idea? Yeah, that says it so well. You know, I'm not going to say that.
I don't go home. I mean, walk off sound so boring. It sounds like something that Dave Van Boring invented. God, coma inducing. It's a walkoff home run. Hey, holy God.
Geez. Somebody kicked that guy and he asked and wake him up a little bit. Man, he is just terminal. Why you keep picking on Dave Van Bork as he deserves it?
I mean, one thing I'll say about my buddy Moe, at least he makes the dolphin games exciting. So he makes a few mistakes here and there. When you get to be 90, you'll make some mistakes too.
You know, like, you know, you'll fill the bag on at the wrong time. But I'm starting to like turn on. Huh? That's not what Gildi said.
In fact, I've heard what I'm hearing Moe so pissed at him now that he's saving up for when Gildi comes back when it's going to, if Joe Rose ever comes back, I'll tell you one thing.
You know, I did tell the powers that be that I really don't give a crap what they put on in the morning, but I'm not, we're not following a Gildi.
I mean, this better be a very temporary thing or I'm going to take most of the summer off. Don't get hasty. I'm not going to be following that Gildi that, oh man, what a tour.
It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a penalty.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound fire. And by the way, Rimmer hates you like poison to Gildi. Just now that he's leaving, we can tell you that almost as much as he eats in these pot van.
WQM Hello. WQM Hello. I'm Hint. I'm Tick to Tick to Tick to Tick. WQM Hello.
I just have a raldo Rivera calling and I want to be on your list. WQM Hello. Hey, Nia, are you today? Okay.
I want to let you know how much I appreciate you. I just took a road trip from Indiana, from your to Indiana and back.
And the file that these people on the radio are are filling about the hatred of a quentin and the Democrats and everybody else in the liberal is unreal.
I just can't believe that that people actually listen and believe what some of these people say.
Well, there's a lot of dumb people out there. Just keep that in mind. It'll make you feel better about life.
It is. And on the other side, I always thought it was walk on home run, not walk off home run.
Walk on. Yeah, that he walked on and hit a home run. Walk on.
Okay. Put it on your head, Sally. Have a great day. Wow.
Whatever it is, it's walk off, but it's just stupid. It's an idiotic thing. And again, it was invented by a bunch of nerds trying to be clever and cute and creative and to do something different there at ESPN because they got 24 hours to fill with the same swirl and the same scores and the same, you know, four runs, five hits to air is in the three right.
All of that crap over and over again. So they got to keep trying to spice it up, spice up so they make up a bunch of crap and punks like Josh there.
I think it's been around for a long time. What's it hasn't? It was Echersley.
It was Dennis Echersley. That's what I heard from somebody who knows your stuff.
Now, why did he do it again? I don't know. He's the one who made it, you know, a saying, a common saying.
Well, that's right. Now he's a color commentator or something, right? Yeah. For who? I don't know.
Then a second maybe the A's. I gave it a red socks. I don't know. I know he does TV. I don't know if he's for.
Why is this another dumb ex, Jack? Okay. With a big mustache. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Howard Kosech, I don't care what my friend Dave Johnson says about it. Howard Kosech, all of his thumb right on the way.
He talked about that. Jack Ocracy. How sad it is. All these illiterate and semi-literate ex-jocks taken over as alleged broadcasters.
I'll give you one that just makes my blood boil and that's Ken Heralsen, the hawk with the white socks. Put it on the bar.
He is brutal. Awful. And he's been there how many years now?
About 30, man. Man, he just sucks. The day of the great sportscaster, man, it's down the drain. Am I right?
Absolutely. He only got mole left now. And of course the mad dog. He's just the colored guy. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 pro.
They always thought the crow was the colored guy.
Line and local. Here's sports video 5 60. She went UAM.
This Dave Goldstein. The Buking Gongi Galdi. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to... Wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of 1 hour. That!
I've folks stand a smeller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush.
The man I'm endorsing for reelection.
Hey, everybody. Well, George here is doing a great job. I mean, you know, when it comes to get that done,
he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain. Isn't that right, sir?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, he's my favorite basketball player.
Right. And President Bush really stands up to the terrace.
I'll tell you better than the Democrats. Let me come up.
Those guys have the backbone of a nematode on muscle relaxers.
Okay. Yeah. I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat days.
It's taking a licking. George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger licking than Hootskin Turner.
Well, I know what Hoots is, but who's Turner?
George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around faster than Little Reagan's cranium in the excesses.
I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie.
I mean, come on. I don't mean to go off at a red here.
But George W. is deproactive forward policy.
What Heisenberg was to quantum physics. Okay.
I was always good at this.
So please folks, come November 2004.
Vote for George W. Bush. Trust me on this when you'll be happier than Ruben Stuttered
with a fistful of ponderosa coupons.
I think I get that one. Oh, God.
They call about the surprising new friends of George W. Bush.
Oh, one at 560.
122 AM. Okay. Let's take over that poll so far, which in these people best fits this description.
Somebody famous he used to like. But now he hate like poison.
We got a squeaker going on. Like I said, Bill Henry 58, Dennis Miller 56.
It's tight. Gellie's got 24.
Fred Durst, 13. Jerry Lewis. It doesn't dig Morris five. Todd Snitz got a parent Steve came.
Mr. Egos got one. You'll be disturbed to know that the Clinton memoir is a no first day best seller in four Wayne,
not selling in Virginia Beach. Sales quiet in Arizona. No best seller in buildings and no lines for the book in Lubbock.
Memoirs don't stir a Saginaw.
And I'm serious. I'm reading from today's Fudge report miss Fudge.
She must be got her a knickers in a all wrapped around her thing.
So there was an alien invasion and they wiped out.
Maybe she better knickers wrapped around somebody else's thing. Yes, he would have a story that Anchorage, Alaska was not hit by an alien attack.
Right by an alien attack. 567.0560 pound five 60 on a gate TNT in Verizon wireless line need about another 20 30 thousand names for this poll today.
WQAM. Hello. Robert Novak. Puk.
He used to like him and now he hates him like poison. Well, I'm surprised that anybody ever liked him even his mommy.
But we'll put him on there. Robert Novak is it up to anybody again. How come he isn't jailed by the way for outing Valerie Plain?
Good question. Deputy QA and hello. The on Sanders.
The on Sanders. There you go. Must be the money. What is that under Senator Deon or is it under?
Oh, that's a different one. What were you? He said he said sitting in hall. That was Brian Murray's got a little bit of a problem there.
So it's B.M. by the way, B.M. I'll never last a year and out of way, even if they don't play.
Why nine is ringing WQAM. Hello.
Hi. I'm going to speak with Neil speaking a new is Nick Morris the guy who worked for Clinton. Yes, that was caught cheating in his wife.
Yeah, on his own wife. That would be a lot of remember. I don't recall.
I thought I was one and he's every time I might have been he's a turn coat. I know. Yeah, I guess he was. He's a turn coat.
He's turned right wing all of a sudden. Right. I think he was caught cheating on his wife and then also that's how unusual that is, right?
Right. Okay. Maybe he was hanging out with Bob Livingston.
5.6.7.05.6. The only this business about oh my gosh, the president cheat. And that's why this is also demeaning these stupid ass interviews like that.
Oprah thing yesterday. Oh, you know, why did he do it? Because they all do it. All right. Because he said guy because he's horny. All right.
That's the answer because that was horny because I'm worried you were bulldyed because I'm ready to the ice princess. That's all you got to say.
He was an explanation about his banana business. Just mind your own business. Oprah, how come you're not hitched to anybody? You damn rich bitch.
He should have turned it right around and looked right in the face. How come you're still single sweetheart? What's your real story?
Maybe you and Hillary would like to give a little action going. We'll be back after this.
Michael Moore is always talking about the Oprah for president. How about Hillary and Oprah as her running mate?
Oh, underlined the meat part like a white cookie and bubble can just have his own private orifice. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, here he does.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQA and hello.
Hi. Yes, sir. Neil speaking. How are you doing? Neil? I got one for the poll. A famous person I did like. Now he's like poison and wrote them a long letter and told them how much I ate him and that's Ralph Nader.
Good. Good for you. Sorry, but I ate good. Me too. Thanks. Hi. Bye.
You don't like the big ego man. Ralph Nader who used to be a guy. A lot of people admired especially if you drove a Corveer like I did in 1960 in the fan belt kept breaking.
And you liked Ralph Nader but other than that. And again, a guy that talks so much about honesty and integrity and here he gets his vice presidential.
His running mate from the green party, which is not not because the guys qualified. A guy's a perennial loser in California. But because of the fact that he's a member of the green party.
And therefore this is going to get him on a ballot in 22 states automatic, which he wouldn't get on the first place. In fact, his lot of states he's not going to get on a ballot. Thank goodness. Thank the Lord. Thank you.
Yeah. All of these politicians all talking about honesty and integrity. Let me say it again. 99 to one in the Senate yesterday. Only John Bro of Louisiana was retiring at the end of the year.
He's the only one with the balls to vote against that indecency act broadcast indecency. 99, including all of the others. Kennedy and define gold. You name it McCain. All of them. The word police. They're doing it, baby. God forbid.
We got two more soldiers. I still can't find that story by the way. I'm going to keep looking until a cows come home. That goes to show you the way the medium manipulates the news. They just tell you whatever they mean. We see it's not good for business.
They're more soldiers are still dying because everything's supposed to be fine. Oh, we're fine. Even though of course the terrorists are now saying that they're going to kill the new guy. We stuck in the room and Iraq, the temporary, the pro 10, whatever the hell. The guy's name is they're going to kill his ass and they probably will.
Not a week goes by that they don't kill somebody in that new governing council and just wait till next week a week from today. June 30, the big hand over day. You think you've seen so far. You ain't seen nothing yet. No, you're just negative.
Progress in Iraq is disputed by the way. This is the international hero tribune. David Stout.
The United States may have to keep troops in Iraq for years to come despite enormous progress and bringing peace to that country. Deputy Defense Secretary Paul don't call me.
Hi, Rick Himmler Wolfowitz said yesterday. Wolfowitz is prediction coupled with a high ranking animals warning that we should expect more violence, not less than the near future.
Highlighted is sometimes contentious hearing of the House Armed Services Committee. Wolfowitz, we turned recently from a tour of Iraq city.
He had heard military people from the West and their allies say again and again that the people back home just didn't realize how much progress is being achieved in Iraq is a move towards sovereignty on June.
It's something we heard almost everywhere from Iraqis, from Americans, from a British general down in Bosnian Wolfowitz said what doesn't get through and all the reporting on promises. There's also been enormous progress.
The representative Ike Skelton of Missouri, no relation to red, the panel's ranking Democrat was not persuaded. Conceiving that much had been accomplished in Iraq, he asserted that progress had been slowed by the security quagmire that exists there now.
I see Mr. Secretary, two Iraqs killed and said one is the optimistic Iraq that you describe and we thank you for your testimony and the other Iraq is the one that I see every morning with the violence that at the soldiers and Marines.
I must tell you it breaks my heart a little bit more every day. Maybe that's why they're not reporting the latest deaths because they just don't want to break everybody's heart.
When Skelton asked Wolfowitz what lessons we see they made a big deal about the South Korean getting ahead of the other day, which quite frankly was a horrible thing but nevertheless why do we care more about South Korean prisoners?
That we care about the American soldiers. See what I'm saying? Good question.
Yeah. When Skelton asked Wolfowitz what lessons he had absorbed in the past 15 months or roughly since all out war ended and the mopping up and peacekeeping began, Wolfowitz responded at length about the evils of Sodom, whose aim is henchmen and their followers Skelton then broken.
Mr. Secretary, let me interrupt if I may. My question is what lessons have we learned? What have you learned in the last 15 months?
Wolfowitz replied that military planners might have underestimated how persistent the anti-American forces might have been even after the several dozen leaders of the bag that regime had been killed or captured.
Continuing Wolfowitz said that the Iraqis themselves must eventually impose security on their country not just to stabilize the government but to allow ordinary Iraqis to go about their lives. That is if they ever get electricity and water things like that.
Skelton then asked you think we might be there than a good number of years? I think it's entirely possible Wolfowitz replied but what I think is also nearly certain is the more they step up and they'll be doing so more and more each month, the less and less will have to do.
Wolfowitz said that as they take over more responsibility we'll be able to let them be in the front lines for us to be in a supporting position.
Right. Just like those Iraqi police and soldiers who like, run away. They do that to walk off home rundial.
They do the walk off to defend our country deal. Yeah, they just walk off.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlott's line. Mad Dog from Iceland from Reykjavik from that the Foni Baloney Gauntren minute two.
The Humber at 4 in the studio. Marlins on deck 6 30 705. It's the Atlanta Braves at the Marlins and then you got any cap to the game.
WDQA and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
Latest report out for you. I've written book sales are slumping in Antarctica. That's what I heard and I'm I'd like to sit in Reykjavik.
They're kind of slow this afternoon and I have one question for you. What's up with Joe Ruiz?
They put on hamburger alert for him yet. Yeah, they're there. In fact, we got a abuse alert for Joe and one last thing.
Do you have any news on what for else doing? No, I don't. No, I think he's telling Atlanta.
Did someone have the real have the as the onion's to hire him in the spray of New World?
What's just happening? Oh, I look at that. I move the thing. It's a good thing. I just look. Thank you so much for whatever you just did. I moved the thing.
I was going to play that for. Yeah, the chicken's haven't come home to roost with the nightmares that for a lot for us, but that's in time.
You'll find out like Linda Blair said in time. You'll see five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQM. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? Same old stuff, man. SOS pads. You know, it's about 400 degrees out of here. Yeah.
I got a couple walkoff names for your walkoff poll. Yeah, I get to walk that poll off either. Yeah.
Okay, Phil Jackson. There you go. That's the one. The other one. I guess you got disconnected. We don't want a couple of names. We want one name.
You got it. Let me say it again. We don't want a couple. We don't want a few. We don't want several. We don't want a bunch of names. We want one. Here's the question again.
Which of these people? Which one of these people best fits this? Which one and only one of these people best fits this description? Somebody famous he used to like.
But now you hate like poison. Okay. So lamentate. Oh no. How many can I get a few? WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Here's the winner. Column. How? Column. Power is magnificent. That's a good one. Thank you so much.
Sounds like he's chewing on his cut, but he had a good choice there. Roll and Cola, man. Everybody used to like. Column.
Because I was like, hopefully he was the, uh, the same one there, which is the rational one, which is the true.
Cola though. Was that the real one or is this the real one? Well, you know, once you sell out and lie as many times as he has now, I think we found a real.
Yeah. We found his true colors. Can I say that? 12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM. If you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop up windows being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and co workers, the easiest way to deal with those bugs is to get you a Macintosh from Mac Center.
The Apple specialist in Fort Lauderdale, the Macintosh is built on an entirely different basis than windows. So all those PC press just can't hurt the Mac.
The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available, putting ones you've already are used to like Microsoft Word and Excel.
They'll even take your old computer as a trade in. So make the change today by calling the Mac Center 954 486 5500. You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPod anyplace else in South Florida.
Because Mac centers the home of the 5% rebate on every purchase. Come in for June 30th.
I registered to win the hard to find iPod mini. That's Mac Center on commercial Boulevard column at 954 486 5500. That's 954 486 5500. Be sure to mention QA and for extra savings at the Mac Center.
My life and love this is 4256.
What's your name?
Oh, what's your name?
I got a call here. There's a number one rating. They've been in Moe. How would they been in his home?
At least according to my aspirations.
They're away from me. I don't even know how you have children. There are more. Hello.
I want to take on J. P.
Oh, J. P.
They really is a great quarter back in a good few.
I like J. P.
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary smooth detoxes.
Oh, yeah.
You've got to be careful what you say here.
Oh, keep the, thank you more.
No, no, no, wait a minute. Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this? I was the weather down there in the mirror, ma'am.
I'm right down the street from you. I have to go.
Oh, wait. By the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
I tell you what. I'll hold you open a break. How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts. How's that?
Bye bye bye.
No way.
But we're the only color we have.
Yeah, things on your nose is blowing again.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Wow. You've got things.
What will they?
I know that I can say.
And around those losing pimples,
you've lost my eye.
I know that I know that.
If you go look,
it's up here I don't see.
A road not above YSL and C.
You've got your heavy sun.
Way to die, die, die, die.
My nose glows, you want something, Steve?
Almost every day I think.
And my veins suddenly start to pickle.
I had annoyed and we'd go to go to go to go.
Yeah, I hope like the falling of bad.
And because I'm a criminal bad,
the leader of the school with a good name.
Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve.
I can't do what's best for you.
I say it's better than I'm a slippery.
I know that I'm leaving.
I'm going to leave.
I'm going to leave.
I'm going to leave.
I'm going to leave.
There's my main man, the more myster.
Absolutely.
He's doing it.
In fact, every time he smacks guilty,
I like him just a little bit more, you know what?
Pardon?
From 19 at 5.60 to what?
Are you distracted there?
What's going on?
Lunch.
Yeah, well, KFC just finished it.
KFC, oh my god.
Let's try to cross the street.
Oh, kitchen fried chicken.
Kitchen fried chicken.
Sure.
Whatever the hell they're calling it.
Are they really calling it that now?
I don't know what they call it.
Speaking of that, I mean, what a great segue.
Mary Kate Olson seeks treatment for eating disorder.
Oh, no.
That count.
T. N. actress Mary Kate Olson, who with her twin sister,
Ashley's grown into an American pop icon and fashion brand,
has had a program for treatment of an eating disorder reported to be anorexia.
Oh, wait a minute.
Anorexia, that's bulimia, right?
Puking.
Puking is bulimia, right?
Anorexia is like just the care and corporate disease.
The 18-year-old co-star last month's film in New York Minute recently
and entered a treatment facility to seek professional help for a health-related issue,
publicist Michael Pagnottis said yesterday.
She's thankful for the encouragement and support of her friends and family
or with her every step of the way he's added, all the way to the refrigerator.
Maybe if they would have given her a sandwich before or they would have helped.
Maybe the little KFC, a little takeout.
She'd have spatted out.
A person...
Oh, man.
But I'm not saying it.
Don't...
A person permitted with a situation told Reuters that Olson was suffering from an eating disorder.
She entered a facility during the past week or ten days,
was expected to remain in treatment for about a month.
You, uh, us Weekly Magazine in the cover story of its upcoming issue identified to you
in this order as Anorexia.
Speculation about Olson's rail thin figure has been a subject of tabloids.
Gossip comes on the internet for weeks.
The actress herself spoke fun of the issue during the twins' recent appearance
in Saturday Night Live, shouting to an extra playing herself.
You're too skinny to eat a sandwich.
Pagnotists had both sisters who turned 18 June 13,
which means they're legal now.
We're going ahead with plans to attend NYU together in the fall.
But Ashley Olson will be making a plan trip later this month to Australia,
and New Zealand without Mary Kate to launch overseas promotions of New York Minute.
These sisters first the ethical, the ethical feature.
Oh, and don't forget this Friday, Fahrenheit 9-11.
Oh, no.
Or is that Fahrenheit 451?
That was very Bradbury to call before that illiterate retard, kind of be a comedian.
I'm very upset, but I don't want to do jury duty.
Although probably was serious, it's a difficult software video.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Oh, there's that negroponte that, oh, man, lunatic.
Thank you.
Yeah, you're welcome.
It's probably the nicest thing that's ever been said about them.
Absolutely.
WDQA and hello.
Yes, could you help me?
Speaking.
All right, Neil, I'd like to say I have one pupil, or is my work in nega.
Don't like him no more, huh?
Oh, in hell no.
Now, please, together.
OK, thank you.
And get that phone out of your cheek.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Let's put Arnold on there.
And we don't apologize for doing that.
I can't stand him.
I eat crap.
I never liked him in the first place.
Right, I like it.
No, not in the least bit.
Not anybody's type.
Well, maybe Maria.
He must have something that doesn't eat the...
Although not from what we hear.
No.
Well, there's a picture of him, too.
I'm eating a rest, dude.
I'm eating a rest, dude.
He ate a rest, dude.
And I'll tell you that.
Who is WQA?
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hello.
Is this real?
Yes.
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
You still have your list.
I got one that I used to eat, but now I love it.
Well, that was the first pull.
Go ahead, who is it?
Wow, Chessie.
Chessie Clinton.
She left it.
Oh, God.
Oh, get this guy some help.
Chessie Clinton.
Chessie Clinton, dude.
Oh, man.
Woo, they don't come to Bestie then Chessie.
She had a makeover, apparently.
Yeah, she needs a makeover all night.
Yeah, she's getting with, oh, again, back in the day, I might have said something about that, but I better not.
No, I just let it go.
She is nasty.
She is grotesque.
We've been through that a million times.
Yeah.
About the daughter.
In fact, even Nixon's starting to look pretty good about that.
Now, Pat Nixon, and not Pat, not she was grotesque.
She was a butcher than he was.
What was the daughter, Julie, right?
I don't know.
Julie, and she had Julie and Trisha.
I don't remember what Trisha, but Julie was married to David Eisenhower.
He looked kind of human and harsh.
They were like, especially compared to Chelsea and Amy Carter.
Man, oh, man.
Well, I wouldn't surprise.
One day we're going to find a photo somewhere, a hidden photo.
Amy Carter and one of the beesleys up in that tree and a tree.
It's from an abandoned together.
Guaranteed.
In fact, that might have been Amy in that movie.
W.A.M., hello.
Wow.
What is this world coming to?
You and Howard, kiss and make up and turn against Kelly.
Next thing you know, there'll be people.
Next thing you know, there's going to be peace in the Middle East.
Next man.
And he will come and I'm on Armageddon and we'll wrap in the third day.
You got it.
Have a nice day.
You too.
Me and Mo, baby, that's my main man.
We just had a little bit of a rocky relationship.
You know, you had the situations like that with females, rocky relations.
Like your wife, for example.
Everybody, yeah.
Sure.
How is that lemonade coming?
George is opening up a cool aid stand in this house and only going to have one customer, he hopes.
In fact, it's going to be for free.
56670, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Lone.
A lot of loins.
Here's line 9, WDQA.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's going on?
Not too much.
Hey, I'm calling you from Keynes or anyway.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
Listen, I have a name.
By the way, I hear that book and it's on to the Bubba book.
Really?
I have an infu.
Like, I'm like less core liberal, but I had John McCain.
And the reason why is because, like, Keynes always been called a rogue, whatever that means.
Yeah.
Now, I read on politics one, I read that he was like in Washington, state in Nevada, like, you know, saying, President pushes my candidate, you should come out and vote for him.
Well, he's kissing Bush's ass, I even like kissing my poise, and he's a total sellout.
Totally bowed down.
Well, anyways, I love you very much and I will be listening to you online.
So thanks, Pally.
How are you doing?
Good guy up there in Geensville and a different guy in Geensville.
I remember that other one of you.
How could you forget?
Right.
You actually got like a living and breathing human in Geensville as opposed to the other one used to call to say, I have no lie.
All the time.
Oh, brother.
That one.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
How's the Apple coming?
Why don't we overdo it because of that pull you took last week?
Don't refer to whatever you have five minutes.
Okay, make it five and a half.
That John Negropanti who never met a dictator they didn't like, never met a terrorist they butcher they didn't like.
And he's got to be our ambassador to Iraq.
That is really sweet.
Which of these people best bits this description?
Somebody used to like, but now hate like poison with that typical soft-floor to-
258 votes.
And we got a real battle going on.
Dennis Miller has zoomed in the first place.
Past Bill like he was laying out.
Are you sure?
Dennis Miller 79, Phil Henry 71.
Gellie's got 27.
Spank him again.
Come on.
Jerry Lewis 22, Fred Durst 18, Ralph Nader 9.
Todd the Schmidtmeister's got eight.
I don't know why they would like him in the first place.
I guess maybe they were a little slow catching on that he was just rushed junior.
Must be them.
Dick Morris, he was rushed without the pills.
Dick Morris, six.
Yeah, I guess it was Dick Morris that was diddling around.
Now that you mentioned it, I think it was him.
Morse.
Colin Powell of five.
Mr. Egos got four.
The on Sanders four.
Bob Novak's got a pair.
And I bet you their craggy.
Phil Jackson two.
Arnold's fourth nigger.
One and John McCain just won on her 258 votes.
Still not like what I'd call overwhelming.
But we've done this one before.
We got sucked into doing this poll because the first one went over like a pregnant pole of
alter.
And I'll stride you.
And I'll tell you what really goes over.
And that is the pizza loft.
The best pizza in town.
And Jeff Cohen guarantees it or your money back.
That's right.
The best pizza or your money back.
Jeff Cohen, chef and owner of the pizza loft restaurant guarantees you'll be thrilled with the food.
And now when he says chef, don't worry, he's not in the kitchen.
I mean, if he were in the kitchen quite frankly, I'd have a whole different altitude.
He stays out of it.
In fact, they won't let him in the kitchen.
He's so sure you'll love the pizza.
They guarantee you the best pizza in town or they'll give you your money back.
After 27 years in South Florida, pizza loft is an interpretation for quality food and service far beyond your wildest dreams.
Big, gigantic portions.
Everything is cooked fresh to order.
The food is delicious.
Every kind of pasta dish under the sun.
They got the best garlic rolls I guarantee you.
Anybody's ever had.
And they got fantastic.
Three different kinds of great pizza.
Jeff is inviting you to stop by pizza loft today.
Take them up on that order offer for the best pizza in town.
And I guarantee you, in no time at all, you'll become one of the regulars that pizza loft in Davy.
Now they offer balance for life's zone diet menu items, as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta too.
Pizza loft, you'll find them like I said in Davy on a university drive between 595 and Gryphon Road.
They open every day, seven days a week for lunch, dinner, late nights, snacks, and they deliver to most of Southwest Broward too.
For take out delivery catering for the little spot bucks per person, call the world famous pizza loft at 954-916-8880.
916-8880, pizza loft home of that money back Guadanteed.
My, my, and look all this is for radio by 60.
Way, way, yeah.
Unzelboy got this.
You don't like Reagan, but he was a guy.
He was a bum.
What do you know about him?
I got stories about that childhood.
We go way back to the days when nice clean people eat nice clean food.
Did it?
I was working in the commissary in the Warner Bros. Life back in those days.
All the big stars were there.
Eddie Mayor, Florent, Tuttle, Dave Deidoo, French Artongue.
And that big role play in folk in Reagan.
Well, he came into the commissary scene while I was talking.
You know that Carol and Bardenner?
I had her.
I make a pack of cigarettes.
Oh, yeah, oh, it says, Polly, I got a very important customer over here.
You had Carol number?
Why sure, I had her.
But she was the only product I could find around here if didn't have muddled skin.
And she trimmed it.
Of course, she had to use prune and cheese.
And just to show you that I got her hot.
That I ain't all business.
She was the best piece out here.
Come on, miss, to get off the dime.
Just hit.
Gamble came by with a shiny wooden peep that is bad.
Just give me a pack of cigarettes and stop shooting off your mouth.
Look, Carol, I got a lot of trade here.
Why should I worry about the food itself and my bum like you?
Listen, smart guy.
One more crack out of you and I'll spear you all over the joint.
You hear?
Yeah, I wasted your time.
I don't like your face.
Get up, you old.
Am I wasting my time?
Am I?
You're so poor.
Next time you see me, you better cross over to the other side of the street.
It'll be healthier for you.
Remember now, I'm back at the town.
Yeah, man.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Well, 33 at 560 WQM on a great Wednesday, man.
What a day, you know what?
I'm not really sure why.
And we come today.
We got the big handover, June.
About 30, man.
A week from yesterday.
We got the trends coming out, right?
Yeah.
That's a big week.
Now you might want to reconsider.
You might want to like show up next week.
You might want to think about it for a second or two.
No?
I'll read the numbers in the paper.
Okay.
Yeah, and Tom Jekiskele.
He's bound to have something on that.
Here's some numbers for you.
I had this story on yesterday coincidentally enough, but we didn't have the numbers.
International terrorism killed 625 people last year, more than double the 307 deaths.
The Bush administration was a babbling about it and they fall to be poured.
There's another fall to be poured.
Used to argue it's winning the war on terrorism.
Hey, that was a lot.
It's more BS, more twist in the facts, more bad intelligence.
You can't complain about the intelligence of this administration because just look at
Dumbled man, they don't have any.
The errors in the annual patterns of global terrorism report have embarrassed the administration
and then did its claim that Washington is prevailing in the war on terrorism.
A key part of L. President's reelection strategy.
He might have to go and manage things in Abu Gharrabat.
The number of deaths from international terrorists attacked last year
and remained below 2,000 twos, 725 fatalities the administration said yesterday.
One US official said the main reason for the surge in 2,000 tree fatalities was the original failure
to count many attacks in November and December, including a November 9th car bombing in Riyadh that killed
at least 17 people and November 15th and 20th car bombings in Istanbul that killed at least 61.
But then again, there are animals anyway.
When the State Department released its annual terrorism report with fan fear nearly two months ago,
official cited his evidence Washington was prevailing in the war on terrorism.
US officials have since denied they manipulated the figures for political gain ahead of the election, right?
But Bush appears to be losing ground on the issue of terrorism.
I made growing public distance shantmen with the Iraqi war,
corner of the ABC News, Washington Post, pulled released on Monday.
The poll found 48% said they trusted John Kerry to do a better job ahead of the US campaign against terrorism against 47%
who said that Bush would do a better job.
I can't do much worse job because he ain't doing any job at the moment.
He's busy with Iraq. He's between Iraq and a hard place.
Well, I got a couple of really good, I'm going to have to read them.
All right.
No, not right now.
Bill O'Reilly's final solution.
This one will just sit you reeling when you hear this.
And also Bill Gallagher, a dry drunk president losing his grip question mark.
Dry drunk president.
I love you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's get another 100 names on his poll. What do you say?
Let's make it worthwhile.
Which of these people best fits this description?
Somebody used to like a lot.
Now you hate him like poison.
Like, are you sure?
Yeah, like him.
Come in to QA, hello.
Come in to QA, M.
Yes, sir.
You're telling the put Tom Jic on there.
I hate that.
I hate him.
Tom.
You know, that voice, that guy is one of the most chronic in the original.
He's been calling for how many years?
I'm good, man.
He had excellent point.
Very good.
Yeah, since before you were on, he was calling.
I know that.
Since before I was born, he's been calling that guy.
One thing we like about Tom though.
It's five, two, three.
That's our favorite thing about Tom Jic.
Again, it's not personal Tom.
I like it personally or fun guy at the track.
But professionally, you are lame, man.
You're like in that guilty claim.
You are sad.
You can't complain about this coverage of radio,
because generally speaking, there isn't any.
Just like that thing with a ratings on whatever that big,
and stirring, going off all of that stuff.
No follow up, no nothing.
But who the hell am I to be telling people what to put in the newspaper?
Like that jerk that Glenn Garvin, Schmuck,
our arm hole.
See, I'm going to set it again.
But I'm doing a pretty good job controlling myself.
Yeah.
Have any of you with Glenn Garvin yet for the commies that are right about radio censorship?
No.
Because he's never going to write it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Let's get another couple of hundred names on here.
You're palm five, 60 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQAM, hello.
Try to save the world again.
WDQAM, hello.
You've been carbon-elton, John.
Right about right about right now.
Elton, John.
You used to like him now.
He hates him probably the glasses.
That's the music.
I agree.
Okay.
Elton, John.
I used to love him, but now they hate him.
They wish he would croak a wicked death.
They wish the piano would just go fly and rot off the stage with him on it.
WDQAM, hello.
Meal, I want for you.
Yes, sir.
David Bryan, man.
David Bryan, he used to be the Marlins guy.
Absolutely, man.
Dedicate backstabbers by the old James D.M., all right?
Absolutely.
Okay, thank you.
David Bryan, who of course, Joe Angel got the Schmidt-Cant for him because of the fact that he's got another big ego.
So many big egos and so little time, you know what?
I ever see Ralph, Nate, and David Bryan together.
Same guy.
Now, did Josh, did you ever work with David Bryan on those games?
I've met him a couple times.
I met him once.
He seemed like a reasonable guy.
Then realized he had such a mammoth ego and such marginal talent.
He is like a three-river stadium.
What do you mean?
He's like all those cookie-cutter stadiums.
He's like a generic, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like those guys that all sound the same.
No personality.
I mean, I'm not saying there's a bad job, but he's just a voice.
No personality, no individuality, no charisma, no color, nothing.
Even he didn't even probably say a walk-off on Ron.
No, seriously, you show me a play-by-play guy that don't say walk-off home run.
In fact, most of it he's going to say during the dolphin game, which ought to be pretty exciting.
I think the local of this 6560 is the rarest of yours.
No!
Q&A!
It's back in.
Here.
Don't get stuck in front of Tony Ocean, man.
It's this game.
No one can make a single of the fashion by him.
The word police, no one can work for us.
The word police won't be happy just in some sense.
So I would not want to throw a set this from ourselves.
You've got to watch what you say you better or else.
You're busted.
You're busted.
The word police are monetary.
All three toys.
I'm about to get a lot of say and find me.
I can say this country, three.
I hear my order unit is fixed and using it in force, land-waving by the power that's been made in our Lord God's push.
The federal care and education is made by the wrong people in the power.
They want the fashion by us.
The word police, the word police, the word police.
They want my civil rights.
The word police.
The word police.
That's the best.
The word police.
1244-560 W.D. Kim speaking of that guilty business.
I think in fact, when we were done on the second floor, those first ugly months of QAM,
the only equipment the phones that didn't work in those clothes from Wami running all around in that fat Joe fill in his face with donuts.
Having the building to ourselves?
Thinking of myself about hearing that first spot with Gildey's voice on it.
I remember it was at cigar restaurant.
In fact, I mentioned that before today going to that place, remember?
Yes.
That was a fact which was taking a bath in the sink because he munged all over his shirt.
And I heard the spot for that place and I'm thinking to myself, there's actually a place in, of course, they're out of business now.
It must be just a coincidence.
But there's a place of business that's actually having this goblet of voice like that doing a spot, like taking him seriously.
I couldn't believe it.
But then again, after hearing a lot of the people that Greg puts on here, it makes you understand that the budget has a vehicle for you.
You've got a business trip, regular luxury car, all four torrents, or maybe free yourself to the adventurous fortitude.
Right.
And then...
I like that one.
Yeah, we also got that.
Hey, we rent, we rent, we rent, many, we rent, many.
So we kind of specialize in things like that.
In fact, as much as content as I have for the big old's work on the air, I do like him personally. He's a good guy.
And I would say if I had to rate the two, I'd rather hear the big, any day of the week.
At least his voice doesn't sound like scratching a fingernail on a blackboard than a drill.
Oh, see what I mean? Shrills.
No, no.
I bet you're most squeezing himself right now. I'm so excited. He's probably squeezing the bag.
I want to hear that motor racking again. I drop.
One moment please.
Oh, come on. Let's hear the mode drop. Drop it, Mo.
He's dropping it. He's got to recue it.
Is he dropping it? Don't pick it up.
Oops.
What was that? What the hell was that?
I think Mo is vibrating.
Absolutely.
You don't have it? How can we start red there, Josh?
Oh, Josh is gone.
I stayed in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
A little slow learner. But Neil, I apologize.
Oh, God.
Wait, you are the truth.
Amen.
Like I said yesterday, anybody with a half a brain, even though the guy's very divisive and has gotten canned everywhere he's ever worked,
and has caused numerous problems in our building and don't get along with too many people. But nevertheless,
that's all in the past. We show all out of sight because the guys have got a great voice. He's a real broadcaster.
He's worked like in real markets. He's a real person.
Well, I mean, at least radio wise.
But the other one, if there any comparison and running around, swine and screaming and, oh, brother.
Yeldie, you had it, man. Just wait until we have Rimmer on for four hours one day.
Not to talk about hockey, just to talk about you. Even, even, even you're like that.
In fact, maybe the day that he comes in to buy your lunch.
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
Now, you notice how pizza lot is running spots again on the show? You want to know why?
Why?
Because now, Jeff realizes he's got a lot of extra cash. He's going to be free enough. Now, he's not going to have to be feeding certain family.
All the rest of the year.
Bill O'Reilly's final solution rights Thomas Wheeler in the alternative press review.
This is a fine, brief column about the fascist to release one of them in this country.
And I would like to point out, Jicke, I noticed in his Q&A in the Sunday Sun Central in the TV book, his Q&A.
Somebody asked about Bill O'Reilly and how dare they take him off of WFLL and now he's on WD.
He responds by saying he's on FTLA50.
The fact that it matters is he's still got a big hit.
He's never gotten a tenth of a point in any of the erating since they put him on the Uranus market.
Zero.
There he goes again, rights Tom Wheeler.
Here's what Bill O'Reilly had to say in his June 17 broadcast of the radio factor.
O'Reilly, because look, when 2% of the population feels that you're doing them a favor, just forget it.
You're not going to win.
You're not going to win.
And I don't have any respect by large for the Iraqi people at all. I have no respect for them.
I think that they're a prehistoric group that is, yeah, there's excuses.
Sure they're terrorized. They've never known freedom all of that. There's excuses, I understand.
But I don't have to respect them because you know, when you have Americans dying trying to, you know,
institute some kind of democracy there and 2% of the people appreciate it.
It's, you know, time to wise up.
And this teaches us a big lesson that we cannot intervene in the Muslim world ever again.
What we can do is bomb the living daylights out of them just like we did in the Balkans.
Just as we did in the Balkans, bomb the living daylights out of them, but no more ground troops, no more hearts and minds, ink and a work.
O'Reilly also declared the Iraqis are just people who are primitive.
The Fox News host has a history of making racist remarks and advocating the mass murder of civilians.
When four armed US mercenaries were killed in Fallujah, O'Reilly commented,
problems continue for the US military in Fallujah. Why doesn't the US military just go ahead and level it?
He made it clear he doesn't care about the people of Fallujah and that we know what the final solution should be.
Apparently the mass slaughter of hundreds of civilians in Fallujah by the US military just didn't do it for O'Reilly.
O'Reilly's bloodlust also extended to Afghanistan.
A few days after 9-11 he declared the US should bomb the Afghan infrastructure to rubble the airport, the power plants, the water facilities and the roads if the Afghan government did not extradite Osama bin Laden.
O'Reilly continued, this is a very primitive country and taking up her ability to exist day today will not be hard.
Remember the people of any country are ultimately responsible for the government they have.
The Germans were responsible for Hitler. The Afghans are responsible for the Taliban.
We should not target civilians but if they don't rise up against this criminal government they starve period.
The Geneva Convention states that destroying infrastructure essential to these survival of civilian populations is a war crime and the starvation of civilians is a method of warfare is prohibited.
Besides being an obvious racist, O'Reilly is an advocate of targeting and killing civilians non-white folks of course that clearly constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity.
When the United States deliberately targeted and systematically destroyed Iraq's water treatment facilities during the first Gulf War in order to create favorable conditions for a disease outbreak, especially in major urban areas, according to a 1991 US Defense Intelligence Agency document and followed that with a deliberate policy of blocking humanitarian supplies to deny necessary repairs medicines and medical equipment, Dennis Halliday, former Deputy Undersecretary of the UN declared this policy as genocidal.
O'Reilly is openly advocating genocidal tactics to be used against civilians, proposal that would kill millions of civilians if they were carried out.
The virulent racism and fascist mindset of O'Reilly is also pervasive with the US military.
The racist content of the Iraqis in blatant disregard for civilian lives by US troops in that country is disturbingly common.
One only look at the systematic torture red.
Abu Gharrab for confirmation not to mention US troops murdering Iraqis by deliberately firing into crowds of unarmed protesters,
dropping large bombs in urban neighborhoods, slaughtering wedding parties, engaging in collective punishment, house demolitions, kidnapping, torture, and firing into vehicles filled with civilians at military checkpoints.
A number of American troops perceive Iraqis as untermention, the Nazi expression for subhumans.
To those who object in protest such actions are while they suggest you just shut up or you'll be declared an enemy of the state.
He made his feelings about the sent pretty clearly before the war started. On February 26, 2003 he said, once the war against Saddam Hussein begins, we expect every American to support our military, and if you can't do that, just shut up.
Americans and indeed our foreign allies who actively work against our military once the war is underway will be considered enemies of the state by me.
Just fair warning to you, Barbara Streisand and others who see the world as you do. I don't want to demonize anyone, but anyone who hurts this company in a time like this well, let's just say you'll be spotlighted.
You're either with us or against us, America, Uber, Wallace, sound familiar. Pretty good column. That's thumbnail sketch or what he's all about. That slime bag.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line, which of these people best fits this description. Somebody used to like pretty well. Now you hate him like poison. Dennis Miller, they've turned on you sweetheart 98. And by the way, nice job on my night football.
98 for Dennis, Phil Henry 80. Let's see, I'm the non sports guy in this station. Now who is the one that's right from the beginning? He hasn't got a Chinaman's chance of making it on that thing. Did I do that? Yeah, you did. I mean, he what he added that you could have put in a teacup and had room for the Holy Racky army left over in there.
Dennis Miller 98 Phil Henry, who has let us down so badly. Okay 82 Steve Geltie, Geltie, and a strong third place. 39 for the Geltie Meister, little pork,
little backstab and twerp. Very Lewis 25, Ralph Nader 20, Fred Durst 19, Kulin Paul 16, Todd the Schmidt Meister 13, Dick Morris 7, Dion Sanders 6, Mr. Ego 5, half his audience. Pretty pissed off.
Arnold Schwarzenegger 4, John McCain 3, Phil Jackson 3, Bobby Novak 2, Yodemean Jail, Elton John's got a peer. Want to see him? Tom Dick has got one and Dave O'Brien, he don't have any out of 345.
We're finally starting to get like a little, a little something going there. After that first pull, which was a little bit too nice for the South Florida crowd. And especially on a day when it's 140 degrees in the shade, and even Scroan is bitching about.
Roy!
WDQM, hello. WDQM, hello.
Dave, I got one for you Paul. Yes sir.
Pat Riley.
Pat Riley, you used to like that, but I guess too much of that Grecian formula did it for this guy.
Oh, it's big an Grecian formula.
Over the weekend, I'm watching the Ron Popeel, the end of his infomercial for that, the rotisserie, whatever that thing is that he sold about 50 million of already.
Which actually is a pretty good product, I guess. But anyway, he's showing, he's doing nothing at the end with his catalog.
Where he's showing all of his great hits from the past, you know, the slicer, the Dicer, those are the plastic trays that you dry your weed or whatever you're drying in them.
And then they had the balls to show the cans of HL, whatever the hell they call that.
GLH, the spray on hair.
Oh my god. Just spray it on and hope it don't rain.
Hope you don't sweat. Hope nobody laughs too hard. In fact, that's even worse than most muskrats.
Absolutely. Yes, mate. That's right.
Tell me the Q&A. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, I got three things to tell you.
Go ahead. One that you can add to the poll and this could work for anybody who selects this choice.
My parents. You know, I used to like my parents.
That's a good one. I like that.
Second, don't pay the full price for Bill's new book because my wife's guy, he's booked on eBay for four bucks.
And when we received it, someone has stolen it. I'll protect this library.
I'll be damned. And third, I tried Emerald Coast.
It just was not the part, Neil.
Well, I was an update. That's all I can tell you because I've eaten there dozens of times. It's always sensational.
Hi. How do you like it, pal? Thanks for the good support for our fine sponsor. Okay?
Schmuck, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
I've never had a complaint about that before. No. No.
But you don't like it. Maybe it's tasteless in this touch. WM QA, I'm hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't mean to seem chronic, but I'm just surprised nobody's put OJ on this list yet.
Well, that's fantastic. What's wrong with that? That's a good one. That's exactly what the polls all about.
Everybody used to like OJ, even George. Yeah, I didn't have a problem with it anyway.
A little bit. I mean, it didn't dislike him.
Like those airplane movies, just another dumb ex-Jock who was a bad actor and used to run like health through the hurts thing in the airport.
And now, of course, anybody with a half a brain hates you.
Like we hate you like poison OJ. We want to mess it up and show every single day.
We hate you like poison. We despise you. Even scram may turn on your ugly black ass.
What is something you're supporting? You're supporting O560. You AM.
Oh, it just got around. You went up and broke a teagas slap in all the women with paint and lips around the pole.
I listened to the Neil Rogers one to two hour.
Yeah, I mean I listened to the Neil Rogers hair and balance one to two hour.
Whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh.
This weekend on Access Hollywood, Homer, you're on strike because you want to larger salary, right?
Something very close. Definitely along those lines.
So what more do you want?
Beer, chocolate, or a bit of doughnut.
Take a good boy slice into American tea.
Orgo, pancakes.
Yeah!
Okay, well good luck with that. And while you're on strike, what are you going to be doing?
I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days.
We, Michael Jackson, come away.
Now make sure we have plenty of cold cuts and put some beer on ice.
This is what Michael Jackson looks like.
It knows it's like an electrical alpha.
If they know it starts bleeding, it means you're picking it too much.
Yes, but Michael Jackson, whoo, I love you man.
That's what the world means now.
More love, more...
Hey, help!
This is my favorite special area.
Die you monster!
Okay, well shall we all right?
Not gonna see you here.
Shall we all mine?
That's this weekend on Access Hollywood, Homer.
Did you see Janet Jackson on Letterman?
Oookies.
Hi, you're over stimulated.
I'm so sorry.
Love that homo Simpson man.
BAAAMING!
101 at 560 WDQM, mad dog from Iceland to two, from Reykjavik from that bogus golf tournament.
How was it good excuse, right?
Sure right, Ed.
Golf.
Then we got, I'm taking a look at that schedule.
It's just a little bit hard to even say much less comprehend.
We got Moe and...
Oh!
In the morning from 5 to 8, then we got Geltie and Bo.
From 8 to 10 while Joe is in Limbo.
That's the really sad, the whole deal.
Let's get Joe Castello back in here somewhere, right?
With all the vacant, the spots we got.
Sure, right?
I mean Joe is like an almost real broadcaster.
Certainly it's compared to some of the swill we got in the year right now.
Bill Gowder writes,
Dry Drunk President losing his grip question mark.
I don't want to do all this reading, but I will anyway.
Just because I feel like it.
Well, we got some more names on the pool.
What else do they got?
Not much.
Bill Gowder in the Niagara Falls Reporter.
On Niagara Falls, that's right around the corner is what I heard from Tim Maborce, Yeltsin, Fixit.
Don't be calling me anymore here, Fixit, okay?
And don't be giving my never-out anymore, George.
Okay.
Fuck.
What an idiot.
The lies, delusions, and deceptions of George W. Bush have reached the point
to where the Dry Drunk madness and the stinking, thinking, and his frighteningly flawed mind
are what drives all his remarks on the bogus Al-Qaeda Iraq connection and the president's
rigid, judgmental worldview.
In the best of times, George W. can be impatient, self-important, and prone to irrational,
contorted rationalization.
Now that it's crazy unnecessary war in Iraq and grandiose plans to change them in a
least with more violence, have clearly failed than he fears that he might get bounced
from the White House like his daddy, our president's mental pathology is gaining more control over his behavior.
The commission investigating the 9-11 terrorist attacks set off the president's panic attack,
the commission which Bush first opposed and then ostensibly supported while his minions towarded its work,
arrived at a conclusion that sent the White House into white heat.
In vividly clear language the commission reported, we have no credible evidence that Iraq and Al-Qaeda
cooperated on attacks against the United States.
That fact is well known to anyone who takes time to pursue the truth and is not blinded by partisan fanaticism.
Even Bush said as much himself in one of the most under-reported stories of our times,
last September 17th the president admitted publicly for the first time that there was no evidence
that Hussein was involved with the 9-11 attacks.
That admission got a little play in the media, the Wall Street Journal in New York posted
and even bothered to mention it, and many other papers buried it far away from the front page.
But the commission me kindled the issue.
Since the panel that exhaustive research and its chairman in half of its members were named by the president,
the panel's reputation of the Sodom-Al-Qaeda connection and raised Bush and the Emperor struck back.
The reason I keep insisting there was a relationship between Iraq and Sodom and Al-Qaeda
is because there was a relationship between Iraq and Al-Qaeda Bush-filled reporters
at the White House after the commission's findings were announced.
Bush said his most significant evidence of this link is Abu Musab al-Zakar,
a Jordanian terrorist, the president claimed work with the Iraqi government as a senior Al-Qaeda terrorist planner.
He failed to mention that then CIA Director George Tenet testified before the Senate
that Zerkawi is a rogue operative who doesn't work with Al-Qaeda and was not associated with the Sodom regime.
I noticed Bush had the same look on his face with that same smirk defiance
and how dare you question me, Pose, when he met last year with Polish reporters
who asked him about the Phantom Weapons of Mass destruction.
Bush snapped impatiently, we have found weapons of mass destruction.
Bush then went on to cite some mobile trailers, his own inspectors already had dismissed his harmless weather labs.
Bush then went on a twisted attempt to redefine the record that he and his people had deliberately clouded,
aided I should say by most of the mainstream media.
Wait a minute, Bush caution, saying this administration never said the 9-11 attacks were orchestrated between Sodom and Al-Qaeda.
While that is technically correct, Bush chose to ignore the torrent of rhetoric he and his supporting cast of war mongers
used to create just that impression.
The administration convinced 70% of the American people before the war that Sodom who sinned was linked to 9-11
but now Bush is trying to distance himself from the lies and successful propaganda campaign that he orchestrated.
Bush said flat out when you're after been lawden's terrorist attack, you can't distinguish between Al-Qaeda and Sodom when you talk about the war on terror.
Condoleezer Rice tossed in her contribution to the company line, saying, Sodom was a danger in the region where the 9-11 threat emerged.
And of course there was Donald Rumsfeld's wild unfounded claim that within a week or a month Sodom could give his WMD to Al-Qaeda.
Bush likes his enemies evil and simple. Since Sodom was a personal irritant for Bush and said on the world's second largest oil reserves he was going to be the target no matter what.
Unwilling to admit the real reasons for war and with his phony ones now exposed, the president is growing more angry and resentful.
In public he can still put on a cheery and likable face as he did when unveiling the Clinton's official portraits at the White House, but primarily there's another picture.
Bush has been displaying increasingly erratic behavior in mood swings, reports Capitol Hill blue and Internet news site.
Doug Thompson and Teresa Hampton once wrote a skating piece about Bill Clinton's serial groping and sexual attacks on women, have written a chilling account that raises serious concerns about Bush's state of mind these days.
It reminds me of Nixon of the old Nixon days, one long time geo-people-local consultant with the White House links told the reporters, everybody's an enemy, everybody's out to get him, that's the mood over there.
White House aides told Thompson and Hampton that Bush is now micro-managing to the extreme, spending hours reviewing attack ads against John Kerry and denouncing Democrats he calls enemies of the state.
The report notes Secretary of State Colin Powell has fallen from grace because of his doubts about the war against Iraq.
One House aid reveals we lost focus. The president just got hung up on the weapons of mass destruction and an unproven link to Elkira.
We could have found other justifiable reasons for the war, but the president insisted on those two tenuous items.
But George W. Bush is an unyielding, inflexible and extreme man who by his own admission follows the dictates of his gut rather than careful thought and reflection.
Bush may be showing more signs of being a dry drunk, according to Catherine Vardwarmer, co-author of addiction treatment of strengths perspective.
In an article in Counter Punch magazine, she writes,
Drunk is a slang term used by members and supporters of alcoholics anonymous and substance abuse counselors to describe the recovering alcoholic who was no longer drinking, one who was drunk but who's thinking is clouded.
Such an individual is said to be drunk and not truly sober, such an individual tends to go to extremes.
She also observes that pushes of sessions, television, single-mindedness and grandiosity point to the stinking thinking commonly found in dried drunks.
Bush will claim forever that Sodom was encodes with Elkira that the war weapons of mass destruction and his war with the rack is all about doing God's work and spreading freedom, that's how his damaged mind is programmed.
Did Cheney's in other case, he sets his own course and says what he pleases, the vice president or enabler in chief has nurtured bushes of sessions.
Cheney is the most strident propagator of the Elkira-Iraq link, Li, and is sticking with the story in a futile attempt to save his fallen reputation and the hope that continuing the deception for five more months will salvage the Bush administration chances for another term in office.
His clinging to power in his addiction to his discredited reasons for war drive Cheney.
Two days before the 911 commission debunked the Elkira-Iraq connection, Cheney, who surely was tipped off made a preemptive strike, claiming Sodom Hussein had long established ties with Elkira.
Cheney was so enraged with media reports about the commission's findings, he ventured from his usual projected form, the Rush Limbaugh show, to CNBC territory where he might even be asked a question.
As the forak was involved in the 911 attacks, Cheney said in his Oso-Solom tones, we don't know. And then with a smungness that goes with power addiction, Cheney was asked if he knows information, the 911 commission does not know, he crowed.
And probably, well, if he does, why didn't he share with the commission? Why didn't he tell the American people about the previously unknown smoking gun on the Elkira-Iraq connection? Will Cheney provide new evidence? Probably not.
With the power drunk Cheney navigating and the drunk, dry drunk Bush at the helm, our Shippah State is in distress. We should throw them both overboard, rights bill Gallagher and the Niagara Falls reporter.
Dry drunk.
I'm always worth it. I'm a said this morning about Cheney, pork chop, stuffing.
That was great. Even for the old daughtering, I'm an I was sensational.
56670560, Palm 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. New and George? Speaking. Hey, nice to talk with you guys.
Likewise. This is Frank Gonzalez on the Canada for US House 20 against Lincoln D.S. Park.
Frank. Is this a screen or the actual call? This is us. Oh, great. It's great. It's great to talk with you guys.
I want to let you know that we're going to be on, first of all, a case meal hasn't hurt or make a bad.
You're talking to him. This is Neil. Oh, I'm sorry, Neil. I can't tell your voice on the phone. It's different. That's the idea. It's a subterfuge.
Interesting. Anyway, it's hard to let you know. The only guy standing in between Lincoln D.S. Bourd and his seventh term is 13th and 14th year.
I got my own signatures out there. I agree with everything you're saying about the Bush administration. I think the ruling yesterday and the Senate was horrible.
If one of us were there, we definitely would vote this down. We would never let this pass.
We're going to be on Bill Arrailey tonight at 8 p.m. with our presidential candidate, Michael Badenarck, who already on 31st state ballots while Nader isn't even on one officially.
And would you give me permission to plug my website? Sure. Go ahead.
It's www.genzalesforcongress.org. I know from the people who have petitioned from that they really are disgusted with Lincoln D.S. Bourd. He's a Bush lover. He favors the war. He favors the draft.
What party are you running on? I'm a third party candidate. I'm the only guy. There's no Democrat. I'm a libertarian. I'm a libertarian party with a third largest in the country.
I'm hoping that the apathy and the discussion with the Bush administration will start turning to alternatives because the big two parties, let's face the carries, going to be doing pretty much the same thing.
He had a website earlier that said he wanted to have mandatory service for young people. The same thing as conscription or the draft.
They changed it as soon as we called them on it. They're trying everything they can to get through and get the vote without being honest about what they're promoting.
Why is mandatory a service? How about the Peace Corps? That's not the same as the draft. No, agreed. Again, it's all about voluntary. We believe that you're the one to decide what to do with your body, with your income.
Anybody that's running against the Lincoln D.S. War? I wish nothing but the best of luck. Well, thanks. For some reason there's no Democrat. I asked them why and they just haven't put anybody up there.
They thought because they're just conceding. That's obviously why. He is very beatable. He's got 50,000 new voters, most of whom are Democrat and independence voters.
I oppose the embargo on Cuba. I'm a Cuban to set myself. I think it's a disaster. The privacy violations with the Patriot Act. Those things are all horrible. People don't realize that we're losing our freedom. We're not free anymore.
Anyway, I appreciate your time. Again, it's www.gonzalezforcongress.org. I'm not a politician. I'm not a lawyer. I'm just trying to make a difference. I don't see anybody else doing it. Help me out if you can.
Thank you. I like to hear. Thank you. Bye-bye. He's on that party, which I'm not all like crazy about, but nevertheless, if he's running against Lincoln D.S. War, in fact, if he's against any of the ideas, that's good news to me.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One of your people. Which one? You're going to vote for him? For him? Yeah, sure.
113 at 560 WQM. Summers here, but are you still embarrassed to take off your shirt at the pool or wear that nice skirt you saw in a window? God, almighty. I was so tempted to buy it, but I thought, man, we're still embarrassing to be waltzing around in that thing.
So what are you doing to finally lose weight and feel better about yourself? You've got to take advantage of balance for life. Who would have thought you could have three meals and two snacks delivered right to your door daily and still lose weight?
And don't forget the beauty is you get to pick your meals every week. You'll get a different menu with two selections for every meal. No other company offers this. Select your breakfast, lunch, dinner, two snacks. That's it. No cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. And you lose weight because all the meals are based on the proven zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears, who only wishes who's related to Brian Sears.
For example, menu choices this week are Portobello and Proveno Omlet, Vuelmar Salon, Crab Louie Salad. How can you call that dieting? People on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds a month without even trying. Plus for a limited time, get a free pedometer when you sign up, which is not by the way for pedophiles.
Track your steps, increase the weight loss with your pedometer and not try their special seven day trial never offered before. Don't forget, check them on the web if you'd like it. BalanceForLife.com
If you want to get started right away, make that tool free call 1-866-225-4543. If you'd like to avoid that pacemaker like certain people we know, make that call today. It could be an important one. 1-866-225-4543. Again, check them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
Brian Logo. This is Portobello, Vice City, QAM.
I hear this word out on the street. Got a big surprise waiting for this new government. She works in Lona Carbond.
She's working on a Carbond here. Step inside and say bye-bye.
I'm not going to be a carbond. Maybe in that near-museum is a carbond here.
These loyalists will hit your heart. I'm lacking a place to be if you're some political star. Getting in your car ain't always true.
So have a show, but get in first. Don't you be a bro. Carbond.
They're working on a Carbond here. Turn that G or his career load of carbond.
Because it tends to let a watch out for those carbond here.
Even on another planet, the Libertarian Party. The Democrat Party really sucks anyway. We start at Provenham Congress in the Senate yesterday.
What do I tend to? They have no backbone. They have no spine or bunch of political weasels, which is the only reason that this Iraq business is going on right now.
And as much as I will vote for Kerry 30 or 40 times, the fact that it matters is that he was a part-coconspirators. It's very easy to say now after the fact.
Boy, you screwed it all up and you did this wrong. He gave the rubber stand to it.
Along with most of the others. That's why we want our boy back, baby. How about a last minute switch? Come on. One last shot.
Bring our boy back. What do you say? All carry him. You notice how we don't. There was a little flurry there when he was squeezing and hugging with Kerry.
And then now we don't hear anything from him anymore. Come on. Let's bring him back alive. We're going to South Carolina.
Yeah. And Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota.
And then we're going to Washington DC to take back the White House.
Yeah. But look what we got, you know. Pop hat rose. Look what we got. Here's some good news. One thing that amazes me. You see all these vogue response. And what's that other one?
See, Alice. Right. There are more limpa Americans. Boy, it is really scary. In fact, I think that's speaking of the Democratic Party, just like what we saw yesterday.
All those Democrats in the Senate, limpa members. When I be able to describe them, yeah, the members of the Congress slim down to sex up is what the new thing is.
Of course, slimming down. How do you do that? This, this stuff they put on TV, man. You just want to take your TV and put it in the bottom of the pool, put it in the ocean somewhere just throw a rock through it.
How can obese men revive their sex lives exercise more and eat less?
There is speaking of that, do we have a bulletin from our buddy?
Hi, how are you? Any update on his condition? No, we haven't gotten a bullet.
Oh, a bullet in, but they're probably trying to stick one in right now. They can't get it through all the layers of fat.
A new study reports that a third of obese men with erectile dysfunction or ED.
ED.
Hi, ED.
Regained sexual function after two years of treatment at a weight loss clinic.
Some experts say the finding is yet another reason to encourage their patients to lose weight and take unhealthy habits.
I thought it was going to say finding it would help. A healthy lifestyle will not only improve sexual function, but also provide more and other benefits to the patient.
Wow, what a constant. Isn't it revolutionary how they come up with all these great ideas?
And the results are tangible not only during the patient's physical exam, but also in the bedroom.
If the patient is obese and has erectile dysfunction, losing weight has a positive effect of regaining sexual function in one of three patients as Christopher Segal, a urologist at David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California Los Angeles.
The study published in this week's Ural of the American Medical Association, which is read enthusiastically by Josh Beckett. He loves that Ural.
Reports that out of a group of 55 will be spending between the ages of 35 and 55 who had erectile dysfunction.
17 of them regain sexual function after two years of intensive health at a weight loss clinic.
Of course, being able to find it is real helpful.
That's what I'm saying.
Almost the third of obese men reverse their ED at direct suicide, more in losing weight. That fact is striking Roads Segal in a company editorial of the study.
The successful men up their level of physical activity from an average of 48 minutes of exercise a week to three hours of exercise.
48 minutes of exercise a week that's like seven minutes a day. Who would hells do with that?
Well, walking to your car back.
I see mainly walking, but also swimming or aerobic games like football or baseball.
By adopting a low calorie diet, they also reduce their body mass index from it.
So how about instead of a walkoff home run, let's have a runoff home.
Now we're talking. Let's have a runoff.
Yeah, just like an election or runoff instead of just a walkoff and then we want to have all those fat slabs walking around.
Then maybe some of these guys won't have a big fat ass like they got.
Like what's his name for the Indians? Don't pitch for the Indians anymore. What the hell is that guy?
Pitch for the Indians in the 97 World Series?
Come on, Josh.
Got me.
Oh my God, with an ass decisive amount of rush more.
Good looking kiddie. Pitch for the Indians.
And I think it was the losing pitcher in that game to the Marlins. I do believe.
Was he a stick? I don't remember.
Well, what does that have to do with it?
Is he at a big ass? Yeah.
Puts fish at a big ass. Is he a stick? No.
What about the cafeteria red socks that had the big ass? What's his name?
Well, we're getting a report here.
What? You talking about Bartolo Cologne?
No, I'm not talking about Bartolo Cologne. You seriously, man. You better walk off.
I think you know, Bartos.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Curtis.
Okay, like I said, we got people on here like Curtis, Stevenson, and we're nothing about sports.
Bartolo Cologne, my ass. Well, that's where you'll find it.
5.6705.60.
How about Mickey Lola? It's okay. Let's go away back in time. All right.
Since obviously you guys are just totally lost.
How about Pudge Rodriguez? Well, that's because that's somebody we can relate to and understand.
Okay.
And how do we get into that with a big ass?
That's right. If Pudge would hit a runoff home run, maybe he wouldn't have such a big ass.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. Okay?
He could walk off. That was my whole point. He could...
No, he needs to run off. Not walk off.
Walk off home run my ass. That is got to be.
It's already Wednesday. This is starting to sink in a little bit, but I can't observe it.
I can't handle it. It's so stupid. So idiotic.
Then this Miller is pulling away from Phil positive. Are you sure?
Yeah.
Which of these people bets that's this description?
Somebody used to like it, but now hate like poison.
Hey, Jared Wright. Picture for the Indians?
That's the one. Who gave you that?
Sean.
Thank you, Sean, whoever you are.
What's Sean? Listener?
Now he works here now with the... in promotions.
In promotions? Oh, by the way, Miguel wears those tickets.
Just a joke. Just relax. You crazy, spick.
Dennis Miller 127, Phil Henry 93.
Gelly Gellstein's got 43.
Oh, man.
OJ moved up from nowhere to 36.
Boy, he's going to be moving up real fast. You know what?
Do you think he's going to overtake Dennis Miller? I believe so.
No. No.
What? I think he will.
You'll see.
Ralph Nader 29, Jerry Lewis 28.
Hey, lady.
Colin Powell 22. Fred, there's 21. That's amazing.
Now what is it that he did that turned everybody so sour?
Just a... just a dude. Just agnaturally.
Right.
Just be a general spas-hole.
Todd Snitt 18, Dick Morris 11, Arnold Schwarzenegger 9,
Deon Sanders got 8, Mr. Ego the cane-meister's got 7,
Phil Jackson 5, John McCain 5, Elton John 4, Bob Novak 3,
Tom Jicke has got one, Pat Raleigh's got one,
and David Bryan don't have one out of 471 votes.
We'll get a few more names on here or not.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, Deon Sanders, buddy.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I think you're talking about Jose Mesa.
Oh, yeah, Jose Mesa, sure.
No, the black guy that played for the Red Sox,
come on with a big fat ass superstar slugger.
What, when?
Recently, within...
What happened to hell?
The last five years, 10 years.
Mo von.
See, leave it to me.
Mo von...
What?
Yeah, he finished his career with the match.
That's why I...
He didn't play for the Red Sox?
No, he did.
But, you know, I said, but in the last five, 10 years,
when did he hang it up?
Two years ago.
Okay, so is that within the last five or 10 years?
Well, he hung it up with the match.
But he finished his career.
How many games do you play for the match?
About the...
Fuck, damn, man!
Boy, you are so your brutal, man.
Mo, leave it to me.
And the only...
You want to know the reason that his name came to mind
is because my closest best personal friend
happens to share the same first name with him.
I'm not a bad guy in the local.
We are so close to the video.
560, you ain't.
You ain't.
I'm a damn.
I'm a damn.
I get beaty.
Good morning.
This is John Kerry.
Many of you were listening while riding in your cars.
For many, you're pulling out of the gas station
after filling up the tank.
How much did it cost you, your family, this week?
Let's ensure family is struggling to make ends meet
just to pay for gas.
We can do this.
I have a plan.
The asleep at the wheel during this current energy crisis.
A strong America begins at home with these high energy costs.
And I believe America can and should be the place
that will spend an additional $7 billion on fuel.
Gas prices drop, but it doesn't have to be this way.
We can have an energy crisis.
This is the great project for our generation.
Let's do it together and not stop working until we get there.
I'm John Kerry.
Thank you for listening.
Now I understand why Josh Beckett won't pee at the urinal
next to Josh Curtis.
Now I understand why Dave and Boring won't let
Joshua does his hair piece in between innings.
You better get with it, man.
You sure don't know your baseball.
Moffon.
Moffon retired officially.
You know when?
It was two years ago, wasn't it?
This season.
No, he didn't.
He announced January 8th that he would.
He last played on May 3rd of last year when he went on to the
Disabilist with a match.
He was with a match for two years.
One of which he didn't play.
Most of the year.
Under like that.
But he was out all last season and he said he wasn't going to come back.
He played.
He went on to the Disabilist May 3rd.
Never played again.
That's correct.
So that's last year.
And he announced January of this year that he was retiring.
I'm counting that.
That was the end of the play.
You would know his ass from Cecil Fielder's.
He said he was going to retire.
He said he was going to retire.
He said he was going to retire.
He said he was going to retire.
He said he was going to retire.
He said he was going to retire.
He said he was going to retire.
But there's nothing worse than a criminal ass.
The committee said Democratic Representative Chris Bell met House Rules for filing such a complaint.
The decision is largely procedural, not based on the merits of the allegations.
Delay, a Republican, of course, a right-wing, exelet, a fascist bastard, has called the complaint file last week to product they disgruntle lawmakers.
Bell, a freshman, lost his reelection bid in Texas March primers after Republicans re-drew his Houston District.
The committee's decision Tuesday triggers a 45-day review of the complaint.
The audio, the audio, the audio.
Bell called the committee's movement important first step in the long journey to restore integrity and ethics to the people's house and told House Majority Leader hold him accountable for his actions.
Rabbit lunatic.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Dennis Miller, 136, Phil Henry 93, Gildi 45.
And guess who's peeping up on Gildi's ass is OJ and from what I'm saying looks like he's got a machete in his hand.
He's got 41, he's right on Gildi's butt and Ralph Nader's got WQA M Hello.
It's a cyst, dammit.
Yeah.
Okay, whatever you say.
I'll boil it and see how it comes out.
All the experts all the time.
No, it's not a boil, the ellipse assist.
How did he get an assistant at Gildi?
Come on, Gildi, who got the assistant at Gildi?
It's a goal, it's a goal.
I can't wait.
I might just actually come in here if there is a hockey season and listen to some of those broadcasts and then like tape some of it and critique it on the earth the next day.
Oh boy.
And make his... huh?
It sounds great.
Yeah.
Hey listen, don't be knocking on his hockey show, man.
That's the bread and butter.
It's a miracle we're still on the air after that crap.
WQA M Hello.
QA M Line 8.
Yeah, how you doing?
See, you know, yes sir.
I just want to talk to you now.
Speaking.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm still doing good.
Okay, it's got a quick question for you.
It's like a rational thinking guy even though you lean a little to the left.
Why are these people that are in Iraq chopping off heads to get it out of there if there's no time?
What does that mean?
The people in Iraq now they have every kind of terrorist group that's ever been invented.
These people weren't there before we started dropping the bomba grande.
Yeah, but they're really getting militant now just because we're there.
If there's no time there, why are they trying to terrorize people?
Oh my god.
Because now it's a hotbed for terrorists that they created.
This don't you understand?
Our going there created this.
We opened up the door.
There's a vacuum.
There's no security.
We fired the army.
Oh my god.
What a maniac.
Why are they chopping up?
Why are they militant?
Oh brother.
I mean, don't confuse us.
What are the facts?
It's a hotbed of terrorism.
Every terrorist group from Iran, from everywhere in the Middle East, from all over the world, they're coming on in.
We took out the system that was keeping them out.
Oh brother.
This is so sad.
But nevertheless, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, even though I lean a little to the left.
I lean whatever the hell way the wind is blowing.
I don't lean.
I'm way over on the left and I'm proud of it.
Okay, this business.
You lean a little to the left.
I'm not a Nazi.
Okay, and I'm really proud of that.
I'm not a Nazi.
And not even a communistist.
That went out with white bucks and high-button shoes and knickers.
What you're talking about?
All these silly people with their freaking labels.
How about being a thinking, breathing human being?
What's your you obviously are not?
Read one of the stories on our website someday.
You have somebody read it to you.
You might learn something.
They're so militant.
They're chopping people's heads off.
Oh no kidding.
Maybe their barbarians, is that what you're thinking about?
See if they would just blow people up with bombs that would be more civilized.
Yeah, like Bill Aravy said.
That's right.
Let's be civilized and just start blowing a bunch of people away, including a lot of innocent women and kids.
That's a good idea.
Because we're not barbaric like they are.
Right.
Chopping heads off wanted a time.
What's that?
WQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How the heck are you?
Pretty good.
It's Tampa, college.
I'm so sorry.
What do you mean?
Stanley Cobb?
What are you talking about?
I'm sorry.
Congratulations.
Nice job by the way.
It was a great job.
The lightning.
I love my love, Brad Richards.
I love any LeCavaguet.
I like the Florida Reloading to the Great Job.
You don't sound like you're normal happy so.
What does that mean?
I just, you know, I thought hockey was your life.
Hockey is not my life.
Radio is not my life.
My life is my life.
What do you want me to do?
Do a dance.
This is a long after the fact.
How long are you going to be living on this?
The glory of the Stanley Cup?
I will reach a couple more months, I think.
I don't think so.
I don't think you're going to squeeze it that hard.
Are you going to suck as much average as I can?
No, but you will.
Okay.
Well, long time no talk.
Yeah.
And we thank God for that.
Oh boy.
How about the proud guy?
Another guy wants me to congratulate him on Tampa being
winning the Stanley Cup.
I didn't know he played.
Oh, that was Nikolai Hobby Bullen, huh?
I don't think so.
Well, I can't get too eye-rate with a guy because he's in Tampa.
You know, he's got to have something.
He's got to have something to squeeze on to.
Just like in South Florida, it's the same thing.
Oh, we love the Marlin.
We love the heat.
Whatever's going on there at the moment, which show, you know,
we don't like the dolphins too much anymore.
We hate the Panthers and, you know, in the Herkhooans.
Forget about them.
Screw them.
To them.
That was a Raspberry.
Either.
Just in case Mike Rosen-Tal's listening and monitoring.
That was a Raspberry.
We can't afford to be paying like 275 grand per Raspberry.
Uh-oh, there was two of them.
We could be out of it.
We could be bankrupt by 141, if I keep that.
We could do this as $3 million limit, so.
Oh, that's true.
Small potatoes I never thought about that.
That's $3 million a day.
That's only like 90 million a month.
What's that?
Among friends, right?
Cost to do a business.
Probably Greg is fleece somewhere out of that and trade out just this month.
And Mike and Nicole.
This is 43560.
And back at you.
146 at 560.
That last call I got from Tampa just sets my insides just twisting, you know what?
I got the old twisted kishkeys now.
Yeah.
I mean, what's that enthusiasm?
I said congratulations and great job, Brad Richards.
And a lightning and John Tortororo Coach.
And I didn't name everybody on the team, but I could, but I'm not going to waste the time.
Oh, what's the matter?
You don't sound like you're a hockey's your life.
See, if he would have approached it the correct way, he would have understood.
First of all, it's not a sports show, but if it were, I mean, didn't Tampa
Didn't the bucks win a Super Bowl two years ago?
Yes.
Yeah.
Didn't the lightning just win the Stanley Cup just a couple of weeks ago?
Correct.
Right.
Now, when did the Panthers win a Stanley Cup?
In fact, when did the Panthers last make it into playoff?
How many years ago?
About 30 men.
When did the dolphins last win a Super Bowl?
About 30 men.
Yeah.
So even though Tampa is a Mug 1 place and in the end of the whole place,
and most of the people there came out of a cave in an entry somewhere or a Nashville,
from a sports standpoint, they got it heads and shoulders, right?
And at least their basketball team didn't lose into playoffs this year.
Right.
It's all here.
Right?
They don't have one, but nevertheless their basketball team didn't lose.
You're referring to Orlando?
No, I'm talking about Tampa.
Yeah, I'm referring to Orlando.
Oh, brother.
Yeah, the big...
Oh!
That Orlando.
You are just a mess today.
Let's work with that Van Boring guy.
What's he doing trying to put his piece on your head?
Or is Josh Beckett would do it?
Well, I don't want to go into that.
Robert Sheer writes, the truth about Iraq finally has its pants on speaking to Josh Beckett.
We have no credible evidence that Iraq and Al-Qaeda cooperated on tax against the United States
reports the staff of the bipartisan 9-11 commission
and demolishing one of the Bush administrations,
made arguments for invading Iraq.
Now the administration and its spin-missers are reduced to playing cheap, somatic tricks
to justify one of history's great bait-and-switch operations,
arguing that they never said explicitly that Iraq was collaborating with Al-Qaeda on the US.
The administration was perfectly happy when more than four out of five Americans pulled
as we went to war, said they believed Saddam Hussein had something to do
with the destruction of the World Trade Center towers.
We are not a believe that the dozens of prominent references by President Bush and his top officials
do linkages between Al-Qaeda and Iraq were taken into context by a confused public.
For example, the administration is now saying that when Bush announced on the deck of the aircraft
Kiri Abraham Lincoln that the defeated Hussein was an ally of Al-Qaeda,
he didn't mean they actually helped each other.
When secretaries Dave Colum Powell told the UN that Al-Qaeda was operating inside Iraq,
he apparently assumed people knew that he was referring to an affiliate called Ansar al-Islam
that was operating in the northern no-fly zone,
patrolled by the US and outside Hussein's control.
And when Vice President Dick Cheney said on Meet the Press that by attacking Iraq
will have struck a major blow right at the heart of the base.
If you will, the geographic base of the terrorists who had us under assault now for many years,
but most especially at 9-11, it was only hopefully pointing out that Iraq is in the Middle East, too.
Yeah, all right. The reality is that Bush and company have turned the language of lying
into a fine art, always leading themselves a shred of deniability in case the truth catches up.
For example, Cheney has repeatedly cited as a smoking gun and always shaky report
about 9-11 hijack or Muhammad Ata possibly meeting with an Iraqi official in Prague
only months before the attacks telling the nation that this sole claim to direct evidence
linking Iraq with 9-11 had been pretty well confirmed.
The 9-11 commission staff however begs to differ saying Ata was in Florida.
We've examined the allegation that Ata met with an Iraqi intelligence officer in Prague April 9,
based on the evidence available including investigations by Czech and US authorities,
plus DTN reporting, we do not believe that any such meeting occurred.
The fact is that while the administration has been doing its utmost since 9-11,
the convinces that Iraq is the central front in the war on terror,
our security goals have been terribly compromised by spending our political, military,
and moral capital on the wrong enemy.
As the 9-11 commission interim report makes clear,
Osama bin Laden's allies before 9-11 were Afghanistan in the only two countries
that recognized its Taliban regime are so-called allies Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.
In no meaningful sense were the religious fanatics in Afghanistan,
the secular dictator of Iraq allies.
Indeed what the staff report says is bin Laden had in fact a one-time sponsored anti-Satim Islamist in Iraqi Kurdistan.
Later in 94 bin Laden made overtures to the Iraqi intelligence officer requesting
space to establish training camps as well as assistance in procuring weapons
but Iraq apparently never responded.
Never responded is not a relationship make.
Yet Bush not want to let the facts get in the way said last week,
the reason I keep insisting there was a relationship between Iraq and Saddam and Al Qaeda
is because there was a relationship between Iraq and Al Qaeda.
It's the big lie technique never flinched in the face of truth.
That's why Bush will never admit that he got it wrong when he told the nation
on the eve of going to war, Iraqis and bomb-making and document forgery experts
to work with Al Qaeda.
Iraq is also provided Al Qaeda with chemical and biological weapons training.
There's a saying that a lot can get halfway around the world before truth gets its pants on.
Well thanks to the many brave Americans who pushed so strenuously against the wishes of this administration
for a legitimate investigation in the events of 9-11-2001,
the truth has its pants on now and maybe can finally enlighten the 40% of Americans
who still believe that Iraq played a role in the attacks.
40% still believe it like that schmuck that called before.
Well gee they're really getting militant now and what are they doing over there
while they chop and people's heads off?
I think the real question is why are they there and how did they get there?
And who were the enablers allowing them to be there and do other things?
Well they're supposed to greet us with candy and flowers.
I see.
Well that's why we're supposed to forget about that too.
Or maybe somebody just hijacked all the candy and flowers.
Maybe the UN's got it.
How's that pull coming?
Which of these people fits this description best?
Somebody used the like and now you hate them like poison.
Dennis Miller 148.
Look who just made a hundred.
Are you sure?
Phil Henry.
OJ's moving up fast though.
You'll see 51 he's climbing.
He just hopped over Gully like he was a dead man.
51 to 50.
Ralph Nader 33, Jerry Lewis 28, Colin Powell 24, Fred Durist 21, Todd Schnitz got 20 and after that it's small taters.
My, and Lord, this is for real high cities.
Way to way.
Yeah.
Wobble, wobble, wobble, wobble.
Baby, aren't you couple missle?
Yes.
Toward a place we know.
And came a mad a fella whose first name begins with a...
Oh!
There's one thing we all understand.
How I'll pay to won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Absolutely.
We could chase them round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them who's...
You throw me need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
Okay.
Now pay to need the nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussy food and go blow up?
Pakistan.
Ow!
Bow, bow, bow.
Amen.
And then we'll take out the Saudis and then we'll hook up the big host of the oil.
And we'll be all set.
35 cents a gallon at our station.
This station here?
Yeah, QAM.
Anyway, let's start a rumor.
Let's get a run on the gas.
Dennis Miller, 151 Phil Henry 104, OJ 54, Geldie 50.
Now if anybody missed the show today they missed some heavy duty news.
Now we got that thank you up with Moll because I don't want to put you on the spot again.
No, he doesn't have a key to it.
You don't have it?
You can load multiple things on that second deck there.
Oh my god, are we going to run out of time before we get a chance to play the game?
Now I got news for you.
We'll have to step in front of you now.
Two years later and say it took me a little while.
A little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
It's a radio.
You are the truth.
How do you like that?
We have finally, nobody would have ever dreamed this.
Okay, and the only reason I'm doing this is because Geldie is just, he's the trigger in the wood pile.
He's the odd man out.
Just everything about his behavior and his ambiance and everything that he's done and just turning and stabbing in all directions.
And quite frankly, there ain't nothing there, baby.
There ain't no talent.
That's the problem.
There ain't nothing there, but a squeaky voice that puts...
He's going to do the panting.
Oh, and I love the guy that called him.
It sounds to me like a little bit of jealousy.
Yeah, I'm really in line to do the panting game.
It will be doing play by play in a winter time.
Oh man, what a lunatic.
It's got a question of jealousy.
It's a question of a guy there that's just darting out in all directions.
He don't belong on the air in the first place, but nevertheless.
If your roles will be coming back one of these days, do we have any idea when?
No.
This week, next week, two weeks from Sukkiz.
Oh, nobody knows.
Does nothing, does this clearance know?
Does anybody accumulate this Greg know?
As soon as Greg gets out of the bottom, he man, things will get straight into the...
Bye, bye, bye!
I'm trying to see the music you play on playing for Marty.
Oh my God.
They took my job!
Ow!
