Nice ball Joe. Great book baby you demand or they didn't tell them
Nice ball Joe
Yeah
For the makers of CSI comes a show about tackling on nasty as criminals on the planet
wacky morning show DJs
It's fc CSI
Okay people we got a shock shock making
Statological comments about the female anatomy let's roll see the guardians of decency take down the pervaders of bill on fc CSI
So then you got big juggies don't complain with strange men lot of point you
You guys get that uh yep that's three points two juggies a big dangler and a Lewinsky sir we got a case let's move
Okay, I'll take color 14 for tickets to
Freeze fc CSI
What will what me what do you're under the respite in decency on the airway?
Come on, man, dude. I'll tell you what if you let me go. I'll give you a morning food t-shirt
Huh, what do you say? I don't want your t-shirts come. I want your ass in jail. Uh, excuse me sir
Can you say ass? Sure I can. I'm not on the radio. I'm a TV
Fc CSI only on cds when we're not exposing Janet Jackson's breasts on the Super Bowl
We're exposing some really serious cry
It's a 10-o-one at five sixty W-a-m. It's some Monday. It's May 10th. Georgia defa
This job last week. I'm sure that yes, he did
Why would you say that? I don't know. I just I just have that feeling. I can tell I have that six cents
Six six cents. Yeah, like Gary Sarner might be in the building Gary Sarner
I sure hope you're playing old crash and away back to Miami from New York. Okay. It would be a really bad thing
wouldn't it
To bring Gary Sarner back in little teeny tiny scratch-stuff pieces in a box in a bag and a sack anyway
What good vacation, huh?
I had a great vacation. It's just that I hate Gary Sarner. He's a he's a slime hole
See I haven't forgotten what to still say there's no we can there's a few words we can still say
Not too many
Anyway, I've got a couple of celebrity deaths. Everybody knows already. Alan King died
Unless you're under the age of a hundred you probably don't know who Alan King is right. Who?
Right. Oh come on. I know who Alan King is he was on the Ed Solomon show 93 times beginning way back in the 50s at who he
He was a 76 died yesterday. Alan King
lung cancer
Smoke up a storm. He smoked man. He was not just a chain smoker. He was smoking chains
He was like a wild man and he's dead 76 lung cancer
and
Well, look at that. I got Greg reads the memo stuff in between the two slumber deaths. You think there's an ominer
Wow
I'm gonna say it again. Okay, since I'm gonna let it all hang out today. I really am good thing. It's radio
I have never ever seen a man makes so many mistakes and continually come out smelling like a rose like Gregory this man
He is just a oh we're fine. Did it? Yeah
He's just an accident awaiting to happen and in spite of him
WQM continues with the big numbers and Joe Rose was a big part of that too. I should point out
Do you go over the hour by hour with the shower power? I think it's a part with a golden hour shower
No, seriously. Did you mention those what Joe did? I went and showed it to Joe in the numbers to I'm talking about on the year
I don't want to know what you showed me Joe. We were number two with an eight oh and there you are right
But no rush kicked our ass from noon to two. I'm proud to tell you that we were we were third
Yeah, noon to two 10 to one or 10 to noon. We've kicked serious ass
With a 9.3 share and men 10 to noon, but noon to two between WCM QFM FAMA and
rush
Because we have to get over to rush to hear about how the babes are just they're letting off a little steam over there in Iraq
The babes are doing all of this stuff and it's just a little bit of fun or having to let off some steam, you know
That's a kind of crap that a lot of you people want to hear. Okay, so that's where you can always find it
On that god awful wiod that Glenn Dreck Show man had thing to do to good did it
I didn't know like a three share a three two I think but anyway Joe rose had a 5.3 in the eight o'clock hour and in the nine o'clock hour
respectable
No, I wouldn't say respectable. I would say outstanding nice college. Oh, it would be nice if they paid you now and actually signed that contract
No, seriously Greg reing just continues doing everything in his power to demolish WQM and continues no matter how much
Exchrement he drags us all into continues coming out smelling like lilacs. I don't know what it is
I think he was born with a gigantic four leaf cove or and 16 horseshoes inside his ass is what I think what it's the ass me
Huh, how you doing? Yeah, that's why he walks that way
I don't know about freaky Carlos. I think he walks that way for a different reason
But anyway
Mother of the osman family dies on mother's day. That's that's terrible
Huh yeah, okay sure yet. She died tragic Salt Lake City, Utah
olive osman
Mother of Donnie and Maria osman and all of those other members of the performing family died yesterday
Family spokesman said she was 79
She died a complications from a massive stroke. Oh, by the way. How about you? Bush and what's your name there?
That he can't this court said can't keep those tubes going Terry Shive
poor Terry Shive Oh Terry's law
And the Jebs is if necessary he'll take it all away to the Supreme Court that is after he make sure that Disney won't make that Michael Moore movie
You know somebody else is gonna make it
What's made?
No, I mean, they're gonna release it. Yeah, I know that in fact it's gonna win the thing at the can film festival again
It's in the can is what you try to say
If from what I'm hearing about Jim well back in the day, I might say something about that
But I better not say it right now
Anyway, she died of complications from a massive stroke. She suffered more than two years ago family members were at her side
On Mother's Day. That's just not not the time to die died
She was born in Idaho 1925 Mary George Osman in 1944 wait to hear these numbers man. They were busy
The couple had nine children 55 grandchildren and 22 great grandchildren. How do you like that? Oh my god
Wow
Oh
And now olive osman is dead never I never heard of her before she must have stayed way in the background heard of olive oil
Right and papa but never heard of no olive osman before but she's dead and so is Alan King rest in peace
He was he was
You know he's all right. Yeah, I can't say I actually ever saw he was schmaltzy. You know
He was one of those Jewish comedians and probably should have spent a lot more time in the cat skills, you know
Jewish comedian on the bush belt. Yeah
Well, that would fit into your pool one of the pools you took
Uh, oh, and let me ask you which one do you like better the roadmap or the accorded?
All this crap is going on all of this insanity this madness is going on people are dying children are dying and we got
The world accorded we were the world by cliche is the way things are going right around
We got the roadmap to peace and we got the quartet the quartet had another meaning today
Is that the Sammy Davis quartet or quintet? I forget the barbershop quartet
I see
You have to be seeing him different too. And if you ask me, but that's beside the point
Yeah, the winter ratings are in and the accorded this memo by Greg read announcing the ratings party too bad
I can't be there because it's gonna be this Thursday may 13 am I coming for that? No, no
If a fade dinner in beverages will be served the party will be held at in the pember pines
I can't say we're because then some pain in the ass listeners will show up right did like they were invited
Staff only
Which I assume when he puts that on there that means that no wives no kids no
mothers-in-law right very sorry to bring his mother-in-law
Gary cernor. I hope I don't hope you're playing crashes because there's probably a lot of nice people. I just hope you fall out
What yeah, I hope he just falls right out all the other people on the plan are safe
But I just hope his ass falls right out and the rest of them too. You're an idiot
He's the only person that our building could make Todd Dreckler fuck a human being. That's a kind of schmuck Gary cernor is
Anyway, looking forward to seeing you all there says Greg with that squiggle in his head right we kicked ass. Why were you right?
We're great. We're doing it. We're doing it
It just it just astonishing to me the man who does everything this power
To destroy everything that we attempt to do who's just the biggest impediment to our success continues coming out smelling like like
deathadils in springtime
like roses
Like the lilacs in Rochester
You ever smelled the lilacs sure purple in white. Have you really we're just smell over Montana had several trees Montana had lilacs
Oh, yeah, well, I'll be damned with them huh, Huckleberries too. Here's your pool from Friday
And another nice list. I check your polls online all weekend
You know all week how I was away. Yeah, and I notice a lot of good judgment there a lot of building polls
for whole buildings is exciting
They call that that's the only thing gets them to call you don't see anybody call right now do you know that I'm back from a weekend
Copen Agen and rollman Amstadam and places where they give you the real news or they don't sugarcoder like on CNN
The certainly not news network. I'm gonna tell you seriously the difference is like night and day
reading the British papers
watching the news on BBC
CNN International not sky news because that's a rooper Murdoch piece of right wing crap. So it's like watching Fox News light watching sky news
That's garbage
And what is it with the Brits and all that silly sportsman with a cricket uh, it was a test a record for a test cricket
What are they talking about? I think they ought to test their sanity them Brits and there was plenty of them in Amsterdam again too many
One is too many
All in silly twists they all look like the beast. They got those bowling ball heads the Brits
You know I'm talking about
bowling ball heads big porki guys with bowling ball heads
Drunk is a scunk
Acting like a bunch of silly twits and we know that the queens uh, well, what is it?
Who the British soldiers that did a lot of the abuse in Basra? It was the Queens battalion or something like that?
Couldn't we possibly have been that?
And based on their behavior over there, I think a bunch of queens is absolutely what we're talking about
Just like you've always said nice, certainly how largely agree all of these things always involve all of this
Faggery
Faggery is what we're talking about rush lots and lots of faggery
What?
That's a fraternities military man sports you get you get hold of somebody's sports make sure they take a lot of naked showers together
Initiations baby, right that's right
Get a strip of naked and then uh have your way with them right haven't do stuff rape
murder
Golden showers you name it whatever you can come up with
Stuff that we can't see on here anymore like that is funny right
Oh, by the way, yeah, his he is the missing link the weakest link the moment you can't complain about his numbers in this last book
Because basically he didn't have any remember how he was out sick today after the numbers came out
Lawicky or Friday right yeah
He was in morning. That's what that said
He was in morning for his own bad numbers man. I was pretty lame. Oh, I know you stink. You're really bad
But the numbers you came up with when they rested the station had a gigantic book from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m
Everybody kicked ass the mad dog the Humper yours truly the Joe Rose the blockhead everybody the moment in the old
Dump her
Nothing worse than a sorry old man and just in his hair piece spending all our time in the dumper anyway
Well, I will have to do the break and then get your pull. We got Cynthia Rothrock today
Yes, he depleted uranium
Just those are two words to keep in mind. Okay, nobody cares
I'm gonna tell you one of the books. I know I'm not gonna read any of it because they don't care
Spinning on the axis of evil. It's a paperback. So it's not that expensive written by Scott Taylor
Bestselling author award winning journalist who spent tons and tons of time in Iraq. It is uh, it's
It when you were finished reading this book. This is the one you need to read forget about the John Dean and about Bob Woodward
This is the book you want to read spinning on the axis of evil
You got it
No, not ugly by Scott Taylor where you should have it. I'll bring it
It is just gonna make you want to pee your pants. It's gonna make you so freaking angry
And that line about that after half a million Iraqi kids died because of our sanctions
And because of the depleted uranium that we've dropped all over the country not to mention the birth effects of the children of our own military since the Gulf War
Have them again Iraqi kids dying asked man of an all bright on 60 minutes in 1995 um
Well, I want to get the exact quote. I read it to you, but I want to get the exact quote
Then this time you get out of here see that CNN's even trying to muscle in on my show
If they asked whether the US policy toward Iraq meaning the sanctions the UN sanctions could possibly justify the death of 500,000 children
Then Secretary of Madeleine Albright didn't hesitate. She said yes, the price is worth it
Well there. That was nine years ago
You can imagine how many more dead the people we got now, but then he writes who cares
10 we don't 10 13 at 5 60 WQM
VUM is the only entertainment system designed for a high definition TV
VUM has got over 35 channels of great HD programming three times more than anybody else
VUM has exclusive HD channels of movies sports music and news not available on cable or satellite maybe like real news
VUM has got your favorite cable networks like MTV ESPN and CNN proving nothing's perfect
VUM has got your favorite local channels to in both high definition and standard definition
VUM has got over a hundred channels of great entertainment waiting for you
And they deliver the best picture on earth like you've never seen in your life
If you want to tales column tool free
1 866 848 8666 or visit VUM.com VOM for limited time offer
They offer your free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment
Better get rooming because this offer ends May 31st
Call toll free for all the details call 1 866 848 8666
or check them out online at VUM.com
We're sports radio 560
QAM
Feel Roger Scott
On the next episode of the show
guilty young steam stars as big Mackey
I got nothing to say to you maddo
You're a bad man
A very bad man
I'm gonna bring your face on the stoke
Oh
Kenshin nuns when guilty faces off with Captain Mo
I those pictures I saw of you doing the guy there
Yeah that's right and I want to keep it on the rack see
Okay
I don't want nobody knowing what went on there to be my career
George sacred is safe with me
Good, I got it
Hey everybody
Captain Mo put the mo in for mo
2018 at 560 it sounds like they brought some of the good shrooms in on the plane with me
Sounds like they're spreading them around
That's it. Speaking of the plane uh before Gary Sarner makes his next business trip
Tom I got something special I have a gift for him and but I'd like to place it in the suitcase personal
At any rate
What's your favorite oxymoron is what you're a jansk and now what was the one you said that they be the euphemisms?
Yeah, yeah
The the quartet and I got only one vote which I was pretty disappointed with that was except me and I already voted
What do you mean nobody understood what that was?
Oh you got to watch news and be up to date on Middle East and all that to understand that
You do yeah you do I see
Are you trying to say that the audience is dumb that Americans are dumb?
Is that what you trying to say stupid stupid is that what you're trying to say? Well guess what
At any rate
By the way with somebody I ring the alarm in the john kerry's room and wake him up
He's been in the deep coma for a long time. He makes Terry Shibos seem like a live wire
Yeah, or shouldn't have said live wire with all the pictures that show him around these days. That's not a good, uh, you know
What's your favorite Aussie moron?
That was your dispool on Friday and if I read all these we can get up to 155 before you know it
I know some of these don't qualify but you know
Compassion conservative 325
President bush 277
Military intelligence 110 how about presidential intelligence?
Coach Wons stat 92 that said
Yeah, rap music 88 palmetta with expressway 79
Highly a garden 77
I don't know I don't get that
It's not a garden. Is that kind of like paradise right happily married 68 good Christian 55
jumbo shrimp 54
miserable f 46 that in the miserable can't say it 46 pretty ugly 44 kind of like Roy Orbison pretty woman pretty ugly pretty Roy
Christian science 34 Fox News 31
Civil War 29 holy cruise I like that. That's cute holy crusade 24 and equally cute middle east piece 23 now we're getting warm
Hey, how about some haliva aerial
If if you i wall can eat the canola's in godfather 3 then I think aerial sure won't can eat some of that haliva
He could your pack some in big town. Oh friendly fire 20 Dodge ram 18 airline customer service 18 not alcoholic beer 18
Religious freedom 16 same difference 15 postal service 13
Microsoft works 13 family fun 13 and on it goes with a whole bunch more which I'm not gonna waste my time with
defensive strike didn't get any
Rolling stopped him get any well, I think that's great. I think that's good
You know like that rolling stock I liked it a lot, but you know, there were better choices on there. I see like express lane 7
Fast access DSL 7 I didn't add that that was somebody else called that who put that on there somebody else some idiot
Don't you're not picking on Eric again are you know me no
Can we do that no well who did it Josh didn't do it the the spelling
Are you talking about controlled chaos?
We're I don't see where that is
Oh KOS I see I told you
He just passed his 21st birthday ladies and gentlemen. He still can't spell Schmidt. How do you like that?
He better not say it and anyway, we have the um the lovely
What's your name Cynthia Rothrock on her they have no idea who she is she does martial arts movies
She's a martial artist. I got her bio here. I'm on top of this just because I've been on vacation a week
You think I forgot how this thing works? How we killed another couple of good minutes here?
This is almost 10 30 already haven't taken one call yet. Of course we don't have any because we have no tickets to give away because I'm stupid ballgame
I'm thinking very seriously about this I I'm all that over I spent a few seconds
On my vacation thinking about you know
Whether I I don't want to keep taking these polls where we make a list
You know and I commend you for doing it because it's the easy way out
And it's a smart way to do it and I did that the last the whole last week
Before vacation. I was just killing time. I'm not gonna lie to you. Just get the hell out of here. That's what's all about
But just because of the fact that the software audience can't respond to the show unless we're have a pool building a stupid ass list
I don't think I'm gonna do that anymore. I'd rather go back to just reading mostly bedtime stories with all the crap that's going on right now
When you tell me that most people don't even know what the quartet is and how stupid that is that I tell you there ain't no hope
Okay, there ain't no freaking hope they don't have an idea. They have no clue what the quartet is zero none
The US the UN Russia and
Yeah, you can do it Israel the EU. Oh, oh, I didn't know I thought it was Israel. No
See there he goes bitching everybody else out
There's your smarty pants and you ain't got a clue
Anyway, Cynthia Rothrock. She's behind the beaten curtain today
If you're very old and you're very feeble and couldn't get it up on a bet here's the deal
Then you're allowed to look at it very briefly keep your hands right in front of John
Ascrot's eyes at all time so we can keep a watch on you
Make sure you're not getting no bad ideas
Boy he that he would have gone nuts in Rome man. I never realized why I did but I've forgotten have been there in a few years
All those naked statues over there. There are breasts and the penis isn't just
I mean, there's just all kinds of stuff just right out there in pubic man
Piazza della this and Piazza della that and Piazza della vagina. I mean, it's unbelievable
naked body parts
At least we could keep his ass busy over there anyway covering it all up
Because the one thing this administration does best is a cover-up
Cynthia Rothrock and let me just tell you right up front. Okay all of this stuff in the rack with the abuse
This with the brits and the US
This isn't just a series of isolated incidents. This is the policy. This is policy made by the the movers and shakers
The people in charge over there and all these underlings they're the ones you're gonna stick it to and I'm not saying
Should know better like your girlfriend Lindy England there
What up? What up they on I forget which network it was on I think it was on a BBC
They referred to her in the report is trailer trash
Which I thought was was so perfect man some of us are keen on that trailer trash
Wow
Anyway, Cynthia Rothrock she was born March 8th, 57. It makes her a very old 47
In Delaware
She was the undefeated middleweight kickboxing weapons lady champ for
Um, and then it says I don't know what I see that's a trivia thing
She was in sci-fighter 2004 redemption 2003
Bala Perdida
2002 never say die untouchable two man hadn't chased tire clause three
There is a list here of 80 billion martial arts movies that she was in the hostage night
But not they're not all martial arts movies either duksa hazard reunion on TV. She always kicks somebody in every movie she's in
This is a real litter contract. Did she kick ass and other parts?
Well, you better tell a W bottom. Maybe she can go in her and kick some ass
Deep covers warranted justice
I for an I portrait and red yes madden fast getaway to guardian angel undefeatable
undefagotable
Etc
I've never seen a list seldom seen anybody was in so many freaking movies man. She's just unbelievable
Cynthia Rothrock there she is
In the altogether for all to see speaking of for all the see before I do the break
Can you believe another break already wow as your friend drewsy would say
Right away carry a sarner we have news as plain is just the kind of been wandering over the ocean
in preparation for
Letting his ass act on right out just drop him out okay nobody I'll miss him
Boys he bad news anyway
The on our website today and it's 15 pages. I'm certainly not gonna read it although it would be a good idea
But I'm not going to see more hers. You know it the New Yorker article
How the Department of Defense Miss handled the disaster to Abu Ghraib and now the other calling it Abu Ghraib
Swal say it too, but that's not how you can answer Abu Ghraib
And here's the latest picture to add on and of course this is only one of many many many many more that are coming and the video as well
And Iraqi prisoner in American military dog handlers other photographs show the Iraqi on the ground bleeding
There it is. It's on our website
Chain of command by Seymour Hurst that from New Yorker. It's under today with the picture
nasty looking dog an angry dog and here's the Iraqi prisoner stand on their naked as a jabour
And of course you know the Muslims have already got this thing about dogs right really uncle like oh keep that thing away from my ass and the rest of me too
1027 at 560 WQM think about it for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations is unbelievable
means beating the competition and every dimension
That's what Dalmatris has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years when you call 1800 Macris you get better prices
Better delivery times better customer service better everything
Dalmatris won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch Award for Excellence because they were harder than anybody else to earn your business before during an act of the sale
When you call 1800 Macris and speak with one of their expert bedding consultants
You can rest assured you can bedgrages life on it. You're getting the best possible deal anywhere
Choose from the complete line ceiling
Sir to Simmons King Coil temper pete's stirons in the bill foster bill hewitt at 1 800 Macris you'll discover
There's never an extra charge for same-day delivery either Dalmatris takes same-day orders all day long from candle
The Stuart Palm Beach to Ford Myers to and don't forget when you call 1800 Macris you still get to pick the date and to our delivery window
When you want your Macris delivered when it's convenient for you and they're mighty proud of that delivery record on time deliveries
99.7% of the time. I'm one of the residents satisfied customers for years now. You will be too
So do the smart thing like I always do call 1800 Macris along on to their website macris.com
Dalmatris 1 800 MATTR ES the easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep for years to come
Iraqi language lesson number one let us begin
La Bella
There's a camel sniffing your sister
If my camel had a face like yours I'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backward
Pardon me miss but you have a witch in your robe now turn the record over for a Iraqi language lesson number two
1032 at 560 wq. I'm happy Monday to it 70 votes already on the pool haven't even announced yet
What's your take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners?
Don't let me forget to talk about the geniuses we have in the US House of Representatives
No, no seriously. I mean you know we got our own alien arose and a dana idiots like that but I just
Anyway
70 votes. So what's your take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners? Bush has to go 26. Ramesfeld has to go 16
I don't give a Schmidt 9 it's part of war 9 only the abuse of office should be punish seven and they must have deserved it
Three there you go. They must have had it coming right last for it now just from oh the thing about the
I watched I'm probably one of the few people in the face of the earth. I'm here on vacation. I wasted
At least two and a half hours of my time
Watching and of course everybody had its kind news and BBC and CBC and whatever was CNN International
I don't watch the Senate hearings. I did see the clip Ted Kennedy and the John McCain ripped the Ramesfeld an ass. I love that
But when a house of representatives when a house was holding their hearings
First of all mainly what you've got is a bunch of politicians sitting around making speeches
Either kissing Ramesfeld ass or like Kendrick meek did which I was really embarrassed for him about well
Why you know, it's not political but why you really have to resign? Yeah, he went on and on and on just making a speech
You know not really illuminating or getting any information out for the most part
They got to the one of the congressman from Illinois and the guy's name was oh Jim something or other. I wish I remember his last name
Now I don't want to make fun of somebody that's got a hair lip. Okay, but if you got somebody it's got a hair lip or whatever
His handy cap is I don't know he's got the strange thing out of the
That's how you Ramesfeld couldn't understand him the genitals couldn't understand him nobody in the room could understand a word
He was saying
Like that they prefer if you refer to it as a cleft palate. I see he was
verbally challenged okay as the best way to describe it
And I thought and I kept watching him go from one of these bows those to the next one and I thought to myself
These are the kind of people that we have on a committee like this handling sensitive issues of life and death
Holy moly and you wonder
Now I see on the news today more Democrats call for Ramesfeld to resign
So I guess they must have taken some wheatina or something over the weekend and they're butching up just a little bit
I'm gonna say the same thing that I've always said to you because no there people accused me of being partisan
Which I you know I do have my my
Predictions your leanons yeah, but the fact that it matters you got too really crap political parties in the USA
One is bad and the other one is just
Dangerous and bad
You don't have uh how many good politicians can you name with balls who really like you know
So you say Ted Kennedy and John McCain really did a good job there on the Friday name name me some other ones
I'm done you're done yeah
That's the end of that list maybe Charlie Wrangle, but he was not at committee unfortunately
I'd love to see him rip Ramesfeld at ass
Because you know Ramesfeld's lying through his teeth the whole the whole deal behind this thing is they
They knew about this for months both the brits and the US it was military policy and the only thing that they've got
Egg under face about just like the bushmeister is that all these pictures are available now see these things are supposed to go on
But pictures oh no oh my god
Pictures are the kind of atrocities that they go on at a routine basis
I'm just gonna read a couple of few a few short paragraphs
Can't a command by Seymour Amhert well, we'll take one quick call first and it'll be good WQA. I'm hello
Henry Wachman from California has a pair he can't do anything cuz he's good he's good you're right
Thank you there
He's chronic, but he's a good guy. Well, he came up with a good name now Henry Wachman's good. He's got that bold head and that funny little mustache
Bees a good guy
Uh, in his devastating report on conditions at Abu Ghraib prison in the rack major general Antonio M to Guba singled out only three military men for praise
One of them master at arms William J Kimber a Navy dog handler should be commended to Guba wrote
Because he knew his duties and refused to participate in improper interrogations
Despite significant pressure from the MI military intelligence personnel at Abu Ghraib
Elsewhere in a report of he came clear what Kimbrough would not do
American soldiers to Guba said used military working dogs to frighten and intimidate detainees with threat of attack and in one instance actually biting a detainee
To Guba's report was triggered by a soldier's decision to give army investigators photographs of these sexual humiliation and abusive prisoners
These images were first broadcast on 60 minutes to April 28th seven elisted members of the 370 second military police company
The 320th military police battalion and army reserve unit are now facing prosecution
And six officers have been reprimanded last week says see more her share was given another set of digital photographs
Which had been in the possession of a member of the 320th
According to a time sequence embedded in the digital files the photographs were taken by two different cameras over 12-minute period on the evening of December
2012 2003 two months after the military police unit was assigned to Abu Ghraib
One of the new photographs shows a young soldier wearing a dark jacket over his uniform and smiling into the camera in the corridor of the jail
In the background are two army dog handlers and full camouflage combat gear restraining two German shepherds
The dogs are barking at a man who's partly obscured from the camera's view by the smiling soldier
Another image shows that the man in Iraqi prisoner is naked
His hands are clashed behind his neck and he's leaning against the order was self-converted with terror as the dog dogs bark a few feet away
Other photographs showed the dogs straining at their leashes and snarling at the prisoner
In another taken a few minutes later the Iraqis lying on the ground riding in pain with a soldier sitting on top of me
Press to his back blood is streaming from the inmates leg another photograph is a close-up of the naked prisoner from his waist
Who is ankles lying on the floor on his right thighs what appears to be a bite or deep scratch
There's another larger wound on his left leg covered in blood and it goes on at the great length
Now we'll say this there was one Republican member of the house committee that did the interrogation on Friday
I wish I knew what his name was kind of a blonde-haired guy. Do you see any of it?
Right no, I know who he is there so eclipse
He was great and he said to me he was talking to rumswell. He said to me. He said to rumswell
He said you know you you people talked me into voting to send all these young people over there
We've had over 700 of these people die
Including I guess one in his district. They mentioned the name
Sent these people over to die. I'd like to know what we're still doing there. What are they dying for?
And he gave he made a great little speech there, but of course rumsfeld was busy looking off into space
So he had about you know four or five people with some real balls there and the rest of it was just windowed dressing and a lot of speech making like the Republican chairman of that committee
My god he did everything but go up there and and kiss the rumsfeld on both cheeks and I'm not talking about the ones on his face either
And then at the end of that whole proceeding here is the Duke
Not the duke you're thinking of here's Duke cutting ham. What sounds like a basketball player or something
Duke cutting him
Who the hell is Duke cutting him and he's been sitting there all day long some old grizzled up guy
I look like John Wayne and drag you know with big old glasses on
And he's telling us about his exploits in the military and about how proud he is a secretary rumsfeld
And now he knows all that men would follow him right over the hill to hell if necessary because he's such a great guy
And he just made little stupid speech
Was he a member of the committee? Did he have any business really being there?
Did he ask any questions? Did it anything to our understanding of what all us atrocities was all about?
No, but it was nice windowed dressing, you know, it was good photo op that the Duke
I'm sorry you missed Duke cutting him oh well old Duke he's a good grizzled up old boy
Funny before 11 of course that thing about was on last night on 60 minutes again about me lie and about the
Saudis those barbarian lying bastards in Saudi Arabia
I'm gonna tell you again right now and you can laugh all you want 1973
That's when we had the chance we were too busy bogged down with watergate
That's when we had the big chance the original Arab oil embargo by the way gas prices just soaring
I'll get to that story momentarily up another dime
Happy about that thank you mr. President for those little gas prices
Anyway, love. I'll get to that just tell me to calm down
No too bad a dream bring back some of them good magic shrooms
What it my team before 11 at 560 wq a m
Let me tell you right now about the financial group
You know we've heard me talk about them and they're incredible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate
For the purchase or refinance of your home one and a quarter percent
That's just 334 bucks a month if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan just six sixty eight a month if you're having a two hundred thousand
A loan if you have an breakdown now the advertising on TV they're all over the radio this program has everybody talking because
The only one mortgage makes it possible and the only one's who make it possible for you available
Out of the financial group so refinance your current home get money for renovations move to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again
Zero closing costs zero credit bureau fees zero application fees zero discounted points zero everything
This is for real. It's the emis. So just call financial group toll free
One eight six six three nine five lending it all to the tails
That's one eight six six three nine five LED the only one mortgage. It's the only mortgage you'll ever need the
Renekville housing lender credible stricons apply 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly
Here sports video five sixty two a.m
And we're talking hardball on five sixty two a.m
Call me homie right here at five six seven H.O. Oh, oh five six
Call me homie. Let's be talking to Steve in Miami. Steve you know what me?
Warren, come on. Well, Crow. What do the marbles have to do to win the world series this year? Oh, that's an easy one Steve
They got a swing the bat hit the bow. It's such a
Remember the game of baseball is 50% hitting who that's almost half 50% feeling 50% pension and 20% managing
But Crow that's 175% what don't you be questioning me? Would you be ignorant? Be watch?
I said you'll be a man. Well, no, I'm not ignorant boy. I'm playing ball fetching no made ball in a third world country against men half my size. Do you? Well actually
I played
14 to 11 and five sixty we got the mad dog at two the Humper the Hebrew hammered four from Shulistake two and Miami lakes four to seven
No ball game today. So we got like a clean slate about seven to five. We got nothing's perfect seven o'clock
Hurricane hotline such as it is then eight o'clock we got two hours of the big
OO
Educate ten o'clock and that's it. That's all you need to know till a joke comes on eight o'clock in the morning Joe Rose
When you agree? Yeah, that's all you got to know is jokes
So all you got to know is what's after Moe which just starts with Joe?
185 votes what's your take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners?
We got that whole see more harsh article on our website chain of command. How much is read the whole thing? You know
die
What I like that I don't want to yeah, but you see you don't get any diaries. That's the problem. They're concerned about ratings
They're all concerned about ratings and we got to keep pandering to a bunch of little little silly people like that
I don't really care quite frankly about little little silly people anymore. You know what?
I've just taken this turn in the road. I've come to that fork in the road in my life
fork in the road and I've decided to myself fork it is what I've decided, you know
Yeah
What
Don't be dumping that now if you tell me he dumped that I'm gonna get up and walk on
Watching TV you didn't dump that did you know that's a comedy? Well there you go. It's comedy
Jesus boy. I wish I had 85,000 like you guys
1,000 or 85,000 a piece with that. I have a 50 share
easy
Anyway, thanks you back to this thing for clearance. Thanks a lot clearance
You had a best when it comes to them checks anything else worthless. That was a raspberry
I just want to keep you on your toes, okay
Keep your word on the edge of that I had a dream
You know you know I have dreams at different times of the night sure and late in the
sleep process which I slept like crazy because I'm doing the like switching over the time you know from my European time
So I went to bed about nine o'clock last night, which was the equivalent of three in the morning
Europe time and I slept till 715 this morning my regular time, which is amazing
But I slept right on through like a rock
And right toward the end of my sleep cycle I had this dream that I'm on the air doing this show and sitting in that where you are now
In a room configured obviously much different much wider is this long long table and there are about a hundred different guys
Punk sitting at the day and each one has a yellow button in front of
Yeah, a yellow dump button in front now the audience won't get as big of a charge out of that as we do because
But under the under the recent circumstances
With all the leap and stuff going on. I thought it was kind of amusing myself. Josh don't be last week
Did he really yeah, he dumped you off
study note
Why what did you say give me a clue master bait
Well, and he dumped that no, there was a context thing that there was a judgment call about and that's like whatever
Who might argue with him? Well, I see the Iraqis. That's one of the thing now
I'm glad you mentioned that because getting back to this Iraq business going on all the abuse this in sanity
As we've discussed so many times on the year it always comes back to
Faggery always yeah, the fraternity I mentioned this before the fraternities the
Sports guys the initiations the hockey hazing story that we had all of this stuff and certainly the military
And when you get a hold of other people and you had complete power over them now what was it on
Was it the 69th singer was on date line last night?
Which what were they had a little bit where they had the segment about the
Experiment that they did with the people and they gave them complete power over huh that was date line. Yeah, I saw that
And it's a pretty scary thing because it almost always seems to involve a great deal of
Faggery stripping the other people naked making them a humiliating degree themselves abusing them
raping them raping and in fact part of this so the thing with a bridge now is raping young boys in Basra
Lovely of course it's a brit thing you say wow yeah, they've been out that a while you know them silly brits yeah
Once you take on the abuse of Iraq prisoners is our question today 214 votes bush has to go 90
Rumsfeld has to go 47
It's part of war 24 sure. It's just boys will be boys and girls will be girls are having a good time. That's what rush says
Rush says the babes are doing it. They're just having a good time over there. Okay, the babes are doing
They're stripping them
They're beating them
They're raping them
They're abusing them
But the one thing they're not doing is popping in the axes. Oh, that's called an Appalachian party what they were doing over there
Only the abuse of officers should be punished 20. I just don't give a shmit 18 real rocket scientists out there
That's those those are the people we can say goodbye to okay, I'm tired of them people you know
Maybe they'll care about those other pictures and they must have deserved it 15
I haven't like those people better than once. I just don't care. I don't know give a shmit, you know
That's under new with my life
America is full of idiots man
You watch the news any place else in the world and they come on with the important stuff that has the impact on our lives on a future
The whole thinking planet and you watch the news here in the second stories about stupid ass Kobe Bryant
Well, who gives a flying thing about Kobe Bryant? Okay, I sure is held on
The you
I guarantee a judge probably does because he's got a little bit of that sport nerd rubbed off on his
But I don't care about Kobe you know the Nutella taste just as good without his picture on the lake and I think it was clearance that was responsible by the way
See, I slid that all by and you even pay any attention. I got you off guard on that way. Let's see
Right
See, I'm pretty sharp the first couple days after vacation then I slide back into being you know a dodging old fool
But that's okay because the checks keep showing up
Yeah, I hope others I hope there's a plenty of checks in that box there and at PO box clearance. Okay
We're talking a whole bunch of cash ought to be in there maybe enough for me to say although I tell you I got a new god
It's handling my money and he's losing it so fast he makes me sure it's look like I rock inside really serious
Yes
Not no equities though. I have no I have no uh, I'm I got to call this guy
I'm gonna show over today and tell him that my iron Luca Brotsy. What's gonna be a two and a one? You're hitting Gary Sarner
And anyway why why why do I even bring that up? It's really pressing
There are all a bunch of snake oil salesman, baby. That's all they are
But I mean but I'm up over here over there. Yeah, right kind of like those weapons of mass destruction
You keep looking for your money with all these investment experts. Oh must be over here under the table. So I tend to the sofa
somewhere is some of your cash
WDQAM hello
WDQAM hello
Okay, I don't know why they have to be torture people of God is on our side
Yeah, and you know if he was sent by God to be president he should have more powers than the torture people
Wait, can I get a get a hold of some of our justice to I mean which is also sent by God as well
so
It's amazing. Zahd did you see the Zahd be thing John Zahd be
What thing well he has now said if he carries
Uh
Election to lose. Yeah, and he's doing a hell of a job of it. Yeah, well
And if it keeps up like this, I mean under these circumstances with all this stuff that's going on right now carry ought to be 15 to 20 points ahead and pulling away
Well, you but you also have that 40% evangelical base, you know of other Republicans that just no matter what happens
It doesn't matter what happen. They're going to vote for Bush. So you know
Wait for me that 40% of the country are evangelical Christians
Well, no for about 20 million 20 million evangelicals in the last election cycle out of the 50 million who voted Republican
Yeah, right. So he's got an order but that's but that's only 20% of the total electricity because only half of the voters vote for Bush
Well, they're absolutely right, but they sort of got another 80% and then he's got another 10 million in the water all already vested
Because he's got you know all his cronies and the people he's doing business for
Uh, there's a 10 million 10 million population there. So he's got 30 million secure votes
And you know, obviously made with nature in there. It causes a problem
Let me say it again carry ought to be had 15 to 20 points right now. Well, I agree with you and have a great day
If he was doing any kind of a campaign any kind of a job
What's his plan for goodness out of Iraq does anybody know no
What's his plan what's his plan to counter this uh chilling a free speech in America and the freedom of the press any plan no any commentary no
Where is this man what is he waiting for
It's his for the grabbing grab out of the brass ring okay, John if you can find it
He's a fuzzy pathetic sad loser
You know he keeps all these guys they morph from one thing into another and I yeah like my magic
Maybe he'll morph into this dynamic brand ball of fire candidate between now and uh, November the second whatever the hell it is
I don't see it happen. Do you know
I think it's it's not too late to make a change. I told you this before vacation people thought I was nuts
Well, they always think I'm nuts. That's because they're too busy word about about the important things like the heat
Yes, I
And Kirby Bryant and a lot of other seven foot the freaks of nature. How about Jason Williams
There's another one when he ain't playing no mold. Yeah, how about that got off? How about that Jason Williams got on what a surprise
I hope not
What a shock not
Because one thing in America, jox don't commit crimes. Okay. Do not commit crimes no matter what it is
They're always innocent
5670560 pound what am I getting all worked up about night? I love it clock yet, but it's break time
All whipped up into a frenzy nobody cares. They're trying to tell me they don't care
Don't don't start with that bedtime story subnady. Just had a nice book there. You want to keep those numbers up
I don't care about the freaking numbers. How do you like that? Okay, play some play some fart sounds
I've been doing this too too long to worry about stupid ass numbers and watching those rush numbers on there
Tells me all I need to know between the CMQ numbers and the rush numbers that tells me
Gordish that the more you're lying to the people in the more bullcrap that you dispense the more they just want to lap it up
And there's plenty there for the lap and every day from noon to three man right there in the uh
Just slightly to our right
About six thousand yards to our right
1057 at five sixty WQ a.m
uh
Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs let oasis outsourcing help when it comes to the people side of your business
Payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management
Or just a few of the services oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable make you some big cash
Call oasis outsourcing the day for a free evaluation call 1 866 at oasis
That's 1 866 to 866
47 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide
Oasis outsourcing understand the many facets of human resource management
outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to the folks at oasis outsourcing
Let them make your business lots more profitable if you want a free evaluation call that toll free number
There's no obligation call 1 866 at oasis
That's 1 866 to 866
47 for oasis outsourcing
Were you drudge packing new on bravo? It's the makeover show where five gay women show one straight woman
How to act like a straight man queer pal for the straight gal when it comes to fashion
I got one word for you
Plano
Why flano? Because men are pigs
What's that got to do with flano? Nothing
Say you have a pretty little thing. Oh
Thanks the flab vibe are an elite team of overweight lesbians in bin overalls and crew cuts
And each is an expert in a different aspect of the push lifestyle
Transportation
I got two words for you
Holy Davidson
But I don't really say you are a pretty little thing. You want to ride?
Watch every week as queer pal for the street gal transforms a stylish street woman from fab to drab
This is tasty work. You got me be it. No. Oh, I have his wine. Why swine? Which reminds me mana pigs? Yeah
You mentioned that boy you share our pretty little things. Yeah. Oh
Gotta go
queer pal for the street gal right after flantops and bergenstocks where else but bravo
It's 11.02 done that sound a little bit low. All right. No, to me could be
low, low. That sounds mighty low
Anyway, you're supposed to have stepped in by this point. I'm writing so come back to your senses
Neal and quit the talking crap
I'm like two senses and place some fart sounds right. Well, we can't do that anymore. How about a few things
All right like that some silly stuff
Quit start with his serious heavy-duty crap again
Here's while I give you I'll give you a living proof that that statement is correct
After just five weeks on a year air America radio showing signs of stagnation
What an understatement that is
As co-founder and chairman Evan Cohen and vice chairman and investor rec source enjoying the ranks of those who have already left the building
One week earlier co-founder CEO mark wash resigned while Dave Logan had a programming was fired at it
Uh-uh the company also here comes the real jackpot you ready for this ready
The company also reportedly failed to make its scheduled payroll wins day leaving approximately
100 on air personalities red as producers without a paycheck until Thursday
We're on a wild ride said john stinton the net worth president
Conceiting that the network has suffered the typical bumps and bruises faith by any startup
But the bottom line he said is that we're on the air to stay
Said right
Cohen is a former Republican political operative was among the network's initial investors
Sored citizen investor who owns radio stations in Guam
Well, maybe they can go on here in Guam
okay
Just to start out small you know and then you work up from there
Kind of like when we were at iod and they had a cymo casting on that station in key west
That had the tower knocked down by a tornado and the tower was laying flat on the ground
But we were cymo casting we were on the air just that nobody could hear it remember that's a true story
Hey, Neil two things is this facts the fast-talking very rich senator date and blasted them about suppress the news about this today and rather and
Jan them up
Well, I don't know this facts is in coerid and asked if this is proper for a general to call a news organization
That was a general Myers to suppress the story as usual bullsman answers and double talk another thing
I'll do a well, I don't understand this
So do all generals have lists like general Kimiton general Myers and they all have lift okay
Maybe that's why they're all abusing all those the prisoners over there
I don't know they're raping in the mouth thing and the playing with them and doing things and piling on
I don't know so air america is that big trouble. Did I take you that?
And I take you got no chance
Because this this whole myth of this the see when you look at the at the radio ratings there
And we had a really great book and no complaints except for that no speaking English that nobody ever heard of
But the rush people see they're all they got to have their fix it at right wing
They're just like they're like the fox news people. It's the same thing. There is no there is no counter part
On the other side of the political spectrum it doesn't exist
Because the rest of us are multi-dimensional in other words we're not running around going I have no like that
Praise the Lord and uh, you know and uh, where's fox news, you know
And if you were watching sky news like I was last week very little I should point out
Because I wanted to get the real story what was going on too many big stories
But you see that rupper murdoch spreads his poison everywhere he goes
On the one hand he gives you all the real the real racy entertainment to make the money so we can produce all of his
Right-wing propaganda news stations like fox news and sky news
And his tabloids
Thank you mr. President for those low gas prices by the way right
free
I
I'd like to put that kid in gary cerners lap
Just before that plane hits the hits the ground
The kid that called several months ago smart ass. Oh, thank you mr. President for those low gas
This is right after they started probably about a year ago now I would think
Started the big rancatech the shock awe and I think shock and awe is what we got now when all these pictures and videos coming out
Shocking awe
As in awe she the pictures got out dang
Gary in western says what that last call was referring to is that 40% of Americans finned to read the bible every day that's W's base
That being said could you please get the word out that everybody should consider voting absentee
So the very minimum will have some sort of paper trail
And be sure and sign your thing unlike Catherine Harris who didn't sign her thing. We'll get to that also
She didn't sign her thing. Oh, maybe Catherine Harris could be flying that plane that gary cerners gonna be I'm with that kid with the
low gas prices she could be the pilot
Or at the very least maybe god could be the co-pilot don't you think
U.S. gas prices rose by slightly more than 10 cents a gallon in the past two weeks
How do you like that the biggest jumps since last august and industry analysts say yesterday more than a dime in two weeks
The weighted national average for all three grades of gasoline was just over a dollar 96 a gallon of Friday according to
Trilby Lundberg publisher of the biweekly Lundberg survey which regularly pulls 8,000 gas stations across the U.S.
What do you folks do for business? Oh, we call up gas stations and pull them
Yeah, we pull the gas we pull the attendance to the gas stations
I can tell you some stories back in the day about that, but I better not pull the soldiers were
Tight gasoline supplies and rising demanded to time when seasonal environmental regulations cause a price adjustment
Are we responsible for the increased Lundberg said those regulations are both a cost and supply impact on refiner said Lundberg
We'd get less gasoline out of the higher cost just when we need more of it
Meanwhile tighter regulations make it tougher for importers to bring in additional supplies
The nation's economic growth is also on increased demand contributing to the rising prices Lundberg said the average price of gas is broken
All-time record highs for two months straight although the average price remains about 90 cents a gallon lower compared to the peak gas price in March 81 when adjusted for inflation Lundberg said
Kuroa prices reached 13 year high of 40 dollars of barrel on Friday
He did this is why this is also insane now madness
And also in his book that I'm recommending so enthusiastic being hardly spinning on the axis of evil by Scott Taylor
America's work against Iraq
For the umpteenth time here once again documented and very planning list to understand how we give the green light to Saddam Hussein to invade Kua Kuwait
And we said oh, we don't know fear an error error versus Arab matters
So wink wink nudge nudge anyone ahead and did it and then the Saudis also are peeing in their pantaloons and their Ashmothas
Oh, he's gonna come after us. He's gonna take over Saudi Arabia and that's when the
George Bush number one the Saddam would better go in there and the com things down
And
And the reason they didn't finish off with Sodom after the first Gulf War is because they didn't know who the else was gonna come in there
They didn't want some ayatola coming in there some religious fanatic
That's the only reason they left him in power
And so for Rumsfeld to be talking any kind of crap the same guy who went over there and it's well documented in this book also
About how he went over in shook hands with Sodom we had the picture on our website. They didn't care about chemical weapons
We provided them to them
We gave them the chemical weapons. We sold them the Sodom was saying and so we used them against Iran
But he also happened to use him against his own people the Kurds in north we said wow who gives a crap their animals
Anyway, let them lose their souls we don't care
And now all of a sudden you guys to zone people he was
See the the guy and I wish I knew his name that one congressman man
He should get a congressional medal of honor
For his performance on Friday because he's the one guy had to both to say what are we still doing there?
How can we justify we've killed over set off our kids over 700 of them have died already and the number is increasing every day
What are we doing there? What was this all about?
And this business about just like CNN now the headline the fight for Iraq that that was never the fight for Iraq
It was about protecting us against terrorism
Did have anything to do with terrorism? No, were they like 45 minutes away from an attack against us at a bridge?
It was all a pack of lies
Were they involved with with Osama Yamama? No
But now all of a sudden they managed to pull a bait and switch. This is the biggest bait and switch in the history of the US
What was supposed to be about connected with a war and terrorism and making things safer for America?
Obviously, I was now made more people more if you had any idea how Americans are hated all over the world right now
You would do crawl under your desk right now. Oh, they don't care. They must be wrong. Yeah
I'm talking about hated despised
Probably Americans are hated in the world right now more than at any time in a history of the human race history of this country or the new Nazis
And we can thank W for that at the same time. We're thanking him for those record-hogged gas prices
Ice-gun W you moron you simple than you idiot you how's that pull looking
What's your take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners? Bush has to go 147
See I shouldn't have put that under because that's you know, that's a given 341 with this crowd
Lama's fall last to go 68
Only the abuse of officers should be punished 46. It's part of war 37. I just don't give a shmit 26 7.6 percent
Of those people who want to hear
For hours of that and they must have deserved it 17. Yeah, they had it coming right
Yeah, bunch of infidels right right head
From on its after 11 and 560 WQ I am
VUM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV
VUM has got over 35 channels of high definition programming that's three times more than anybody else
VUM has exclusive HD channels of movies sports music and news not available on cable or satellite
VUM has your favorite cable network like MTV ESPN and CNN
VUM has your favorite local channels both in high definition and standard definition too
They've got over a hundred channels of great entertainment waiting for you
VUM delivers the best picture on earth like you've never seen before if you want to tell some this great offer
The making you right now called tool free
1 866 848 8666 or visit their website vum.com for limited time offer
Free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment better get fooling because this offer ends May 31
Here's the toll free number to check this out call 1 866 848 8666 or visit them on the way that VUM
VUM VUM.com
VUM VUM.com
VUM VUM.com
Thanks Mr. President for those love gas prices here to best it's 1117 at 560 WQ I am
Here's the fact that says George W's having the soldiers look everywhere for WMVs
That's why the prisoners are naked and been over never thought about that. They might be hide in the mirror. You know what?
Blackcomb
Yeah
Something to think about for just a second there. I thought you just maybe were only at
The counteroff route you were doing one reaching for a cop drop
All I see don't tell me that they got those energies and all I crap and events and everything and they're again
No, no, I just have a problem. It says I think we should bend GW and run me over and look
Deeper some brains. I'm sure that they're somewhere. I heard from good sources in Nigeria that they brought back some brown cake brains on the black market
How do you like that says Tom? He has George has to go. It says he sucks on radio
And he underlines radio now. Maybe it'd be good on TV, but on radio you suck. He said well, we'll see
Well, at least it lead no other good thing is you can't see
If you do that on TV you can see and then you'd be in big trouble all over again
But about kinds of tourists then strong who's usually a very good factor here. This ends there
I don't know what I know what that is crap
Can't always be good Sean. Okay nice drive, but that your weakest facts ever. I don't know what that is
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What about those marlin? That's our topic today
What about those marlins huh aren't they kicking some right they're not doing too well right now
They're hellsperch planes. I beg your pardon still in first place
Yeah, because they're in a craft division. Okay, because everybody else is about like under 500 everybody else blows
They're in a crappy division
The way the teams are playing that is correct sir. They're in a craft division
In fact, let me get my an I'd send the other room
I don't want to take the time to run into again
You probably got the standings right there the braves 500 or 100 either one under 100
One one under 500 well, what kind of a division is that they're in second place and they're a game under 500
And you tell me that's a good division well the last time I checked baseball season was six months long and uh by the he's talking to his teeth again
That's right. It's a it's a shun
What's your take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners? That's our pull question today 374 votes
There ought to be 55,000 votes on there
People ought to be foaming at them out. They don't give a fly and crap. You're right. Let's go back to that again
See it took me an hour and 20 minutes and I finally came back to my senses
God
Faith death claim on sex case priest will get to that. This is in the British Guardian yesterday
Well, it's so refreshing to find like real newspapers and real TV news stations to watch and they're just ripping bush and rums fell to an ass
On all the TV I was watching even on CNN international of course because that's not seen domestically
That's not part of the brainwashing program from the a new American Nazi party. That's not part of the game plan
I guess one of those ends in CNN certainly must stand for Nazi don't you think by now no question
cable Nazi network WQ wam hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay?
You know I used to listen to you for laughs and and I still do you know you're awesome
So the world has taken a turn for the worst it's taking a turn man and we have got a horrible horrible
administration in there and I just thank you for your service sir
You know you put in your time and and you do your research and it's important and it really is important that people hear what you're saying because there's no
out there saying it
And let's listen to Randy later on and you know as long as long as he's gonna be on air good thing for her she can still come back
You know that's true and I'm back to Palm Beach Randy. I was forgiven at MR. Ermer. America thing. That's history. That's dead meat
All right, yeah, well, I hope it goes you're right. Yo, in my mind. It might not let's go all right
I was wondering if you I don't know if you mentioned this yet today and the newspaper today there's a there's an article
We're some Pentagon officials and some generals in the field are saying how we're losing the war
We're losing battles, but we're winning the war yeah, it's on our website. Oh, okay. You got it. Okay
Um, yeah, I again, I thank you very much keep it up. You know you you keep me saying during the day
Because you know there's so many people out there you just can't get through to I mean
It's just amazing how these people like you just said a little bit ago. Why do people aren't off this stuff and fire it up
I don't get it either. I mean when you look at the news on air in the second stories about Kobe Bryant
That tells me everything I didn't know about the American public
You're right. That's exactly right. Good luck, Pally. I'll see you at the border. Hey, thank you, bye. All right
In fact, what stories it on there want to make sure I know the story is talking about
I just want to make sure I see the headline on here on our outstanding
bedtime stories on the orages.com
I like this story too on a break of the Cronkite moment
It's beginning to feel like 1968 when if you had no more was first challenged by a till then compliant US media
Start to get the same thing
Let's see where's that story we got the crispy cream story coming
Uh, the the series the tension grows in senior ranks on war strategy
US may be winning battles in Iraq, but losing the war some officers say there it is by Thomas
E
Rix
Ranger his kin to Ranger rix. Yeah
He said he's flipping it
Deep divisions are emerging at the top of the US military over the course of the occupation of Iraq with some senior officers
Beginning to say that the US faces the prospect of casualties for years without achieving the goal of establishing a free democratic
Iraq and you'll notice I should point out in recent days they're saying oh, we don't want an American democracy anyway
They never wanted that in the first place
We want an Iraqi democracy, which is really what they're saying is a theocracy is what they really want
They don't want any part of this. It's not it's not their culture and it's you know, I can't emphasize enough please pretty please
I'm begging you
If you read just one book and mostly it won't read a book, but there are 22 bucks Canadian oh good luck. They won't spend that
Spinning on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq by Scott Taylor
He doesn't pull any punches here. He doesn't know one side or the other side. It's not politically partisan
He rips Clinton and asked he rips Madeleine all bright and asked he rips cool and powell and asked bush rums fell all of them
As tells you exactly what's been going on over there for a long long time the Reagan people
The real evil doers
And we're stuck in the middle of all of this how the hell can we still be there and how can John Kerry not have any kind of a plan to get us to
Hell out that's what I'd like to know
Of course somebody would say well he didn't get us in there to first by sure he did he was one of the participants
Right, he was one of the enablers
And I always say well, we're still gonna have to be there for out here
I say Dennis Kassinich for president man just because he's got a crappy hair piece. We'll send him to Chuck Alphair
I'll pay for it. I was that in fact Charlie said you good guy. I'll probably trade it out. It's too late to get Dean back
Get who back?
Did I say that like 10 days ago? Yeah
Can we say it again? Well, I'm saying again. Let's get back Howard Dean
I'm gonna I'm gonna say it again and I'm not a conspiratorial
I'm not always screaming about the builder burgers knee luminaughty in the trial out of commission
But there's a group of people who decide who's gonna make it and who doesn't and if you think it's the people that vote
Your dream and man. I got some real cheap land decided in my backyard some old dog droppings
Because somewhere along the line it was decided that Howard Dean was just a little bit too independent
He wasn't one of those people that they could manipulate
And so they just overnight they turned him into a jackass. They just oh look at as he's screaming
They they manipulated that video the audio from it
They brought back that old crap again about the Iowa caucus
You know when you talk about caucuses our garbage and the
Stuff from years back just like now this desperation with carry in the middle
What the hell is that have to do with anything and then I want to scream when I read these letters like in time magazine about
From these grizzled military lunatics from these brainwashed idiots
Well, you know a Hanoi Jane and and people like Carrie during Vietnam they took away
You know the morale from the troops. Yeah, yeah, we couldn't have kept them morale up so we could have kept them there in other 10 years
And brought home another 58,000 kids in body bags that would have been smart
So we could have fought off that red menace
Dennis the red menace right Venus the red
Venus careful Venus. Yeah rhymes with penis. We can still say penis
I got news for if your friend Lindy England there can be pointing at penises and Iraqi prisoners there
We can still say penis on here. How do you like that? Huh? All right
We can still say rectum and penis and that's about it and after that dummy up
It's big in a dummy house that had rectum
I haven't seen him in a long time mom. I'm stalling because I got the low piece of copy
You know how that goes sure
What we had that little problem with Gary Sartre this morning who's in New York and we certainly hope that his plane makes it safely back in his return to south Florida
Or not is the case maybe
Isn't that a little bit harsh on my part do you think?
Oh, I'm sorry I was spaced off but I do mean it
With every ounce of energy in my body. I do mean it. I'll be praying remember in the in the movie the ace
The great Santini yeah the rubber Duval
And his plane crashed and then his son was all all just choked up because he used to play a prey for his plane to crash because he hated him so much
Remember that yeah
Well if Gary Sartre's plane should crash I would not feel bad about
Terrible for all I got some special luggage. I'm gonna pack for him next time next trip
27 past 11 at 560 WQM if you're planning on replacing your carpeting gonna spend a lot of cash because you think that's the only way
To get your house looking great again. Here's the answer for you do what I've been doing for over 20 long
Amazing years just call it with people and dry concepts before you think about doing anything else
Certainly before you start spending all of that money on new carpeting with costume arm and four legs
Dry concepts is the best in the world of bringing carpeting back to life no matter how old how dingy looking how smelly
Whatever
Because using their certified print technicians then their exclusive pan did dry cleaning method
They leave your carpets looking brand new smelling clean and the fantastic lemony fresh and soft of the touch stew
They're drying a couple of hours. So you really can clean today and entertain the nights not just the slogan
And don't forget when you call dry concepts asked him to put you understand by list
Which will save you an extra 15% on your extra for cleaning and keep in mind they always give you a fair price to give you a
Written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job on your carpeting your area rugs your area
The rugs your drape your pulse to read all of these things so call today and they'll never let you down
They'll do a spectacular job. You'll be amazed at how great your carpets look smell and feel call tool free
1 800
248
5071
That's 1 800 248
5071 or check them on the wicked web and dry concepts dot com to the best in the business
My
The local
This is five six years
There are years
All yours
Oh
Q and
It's day
Oh
If I am a town
That's the
Moody
At five six
Oh
WQ
A
N
Baby
Launch a couple
Miss
Oh
Oh
Toward a place we know
Yes
And aim a madame
Whose first name begins with oh
There's one thing we all understand
Alcatel won't be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase him round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
But special forces are some tire
Of jumping through them moves
You pull and you need another plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And we'll blow up Pakistan
And
Clear
And
Okay
And go
Oh my god
And while we're at it, Saudi Arabia something
Why don't you step on the way to Bumbo, Jeffrey?
I guess by the way something yes, so it's on the way Saudi Arabia
Right on the way to Pakistan
Oh, I see
Fake death claim on sex case priest
British police have flown to Australia to investigate claims that a priest
Faked his death in order to avoid child sex abuse charges
Father Christopher Cohnen was attached to a church in Coventry for 20 years
Until 1992 when he fled the city after former altar boys accused him of molesting them
Another one of these isolated incidents you do understand of course
He went to Australia where he's believed to oppose his
Christie Oliver a property developer
I don't know if that's Christie is in a guy or I don't know
In the town of Bendigo 90 miles north of Melbourne where his brother Andrew lives
Andrew Cohnen said the priest died suddenly a brain hemorrhoid six years ago
But there have been sightings of men burming him and coming here with the past year and claims that he's back in England using a false name and posing as a teacher
A sergeant and a superintendent from West Midlands police are in Australia liaising with Melbourne police
Born in Kloen the county in the Irish Republic father Klonemov to the Christ the King Catholic Church
Encowned in Coventry as an assistant priest in the 70s
A part-time builder and property developer before he entered the priest city with nicknamed Father Fixit
For his abilities in church construction projects look out for Fixit Man he's dangerous
But he vanished in July 1992 after eight former altar boys between the ages of eight and seventeen at the time of the offenses accused him of molesting them
In January this year Simon Gray 38 received an out of court settlement of 330,000 pounds
Record compensation in the UK for a sex child abuse case mr
Gray claim that six years of abuse at the hands of the priest turned him into a violent alcoholic
Would spend time in jail and tried to set fire to himself for other cases were pending our pending
last year Andrew Klonem produced a death certificate stating that Christopher O'oliver Klonem died of a brain hemorrhage
October 22, 1998 is 56 and was cremated in Bendigo crematorium
Andrew Klonem said at the time his wife identified the body in the presence of police that his brother was cremated
Unusual for Catholic priest because the family was short of money but
but
Sort quoted in Birmingham Sunday Mercury newspaper claimed several priest and spotted father Klonem in the city on a number of occasions over the past year
Maybe made a comeback. Maybe he pulled a Jesus. Maybe it's a resurrection
Maybe Mel Gibson can make another movie about him and make another total and 50 million bucks
The source claimed he's lost a lot of weight
But otherwise it did not change much and he was using an Irish passport which stated his profession is a teacher
How do you like that?
I just mentioned that in passing
5670560.560 on a 18 and teen Verizon line once you take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners
ResonanioRudges.com
444 votes we got which is two thirds of the way to you know what we got 444
Bush has to go 201 and those people are oh my god
Absolutely correct sir
Romsfeld has to go 83
I have no life
Only the abuse of officers should be punished 57. It's all part of war 50. It's just one of them things. Schmidt happens
50
I just don't give a Schmidt 32 and they must have deserved it 21
21 people almost 5% say they had it coming okay stick it to them bring it on
They had it coming like that cad driver for example right
Theint
He was a therapist he got out of his car and that was good enough for us
It was charging on reasonable terrace. There was made him a therapist man
I say turn and pit bulls loose on his ass before noon
back
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I guess we're going to have to have a whole pile of stuff here tomorrow you know it
I mean I don't know I'm just not doing those let's build a silly pool now and have oh I got a couple for your
If I list you know that that come all done with that I'm through with that you know thank guys serve the purpose what huh
It's served the purpose it killed some time it you know ran another few months off the meter that I'm running here
But that's it
Yeah, it's like running a meter you know right
Play it out the clock right w.q.a. I'm hello
Hey there. I need to speak this uh, Neil speaking
This is Neil yes it is hi
I listen I have quite often if I'm lying you're dying
Hi there. I actually I have this friend of mine lawn while not my friend but I hear he's like a friend
He's always calling him maybe he needs a job
What are you talking about you're talking about crazy Ron? Yes
What what is that job a job doing what I don't know maybe
I don't know driving everybody crazy. Yeah, why don't you all round them up and get lost okay? Bye honey
See we have no women the last book prove that beyond a shadow of a down or we do get one
It's always somebody like this bitch. I mean somebody does crazy or certifiable
No, no, no, no, like that
As if this is a topic of conversation in the middle everything we're talking about that's going on
I'm whipped up into a frenzy here and she's hacking me a china about crazy Ron
Hi, hi that one there who makes that one seem almost normal by comparison
But you know, so I underline the almost no several times. She's probably calling from the same home
Yes, why don't you get him a job? Okay, honey or give him one
There you go that's something to think about be careful where you're going with that no because Josh has his finger
All sharpened up now looped up and ready to go he's got that baby looped up and read it a insert
Somebody q a m. Hello
I bet you doff is coming in yes
Hey, I want to put someone on your uh, yeah, I bet you did put this
Oh
They get they get so frustrated they just can't stand it. Oh, but for your left-off they I mean it's a more selection
No, you're gonna have to cure yourselves of that okay folks no more that
I got a couple names for your port now no more that's done finished that was that was a phase
It was it was fine and it's time that's over
New ball game now got some new play toys will bring out. I'm not sure what they are yet, but we'll finger it out
Gosh, he'll finger it out
Once he sharpens up his broadcasting tools and skills he'll finger it out for you
I
Wanted to how do you like that so we got Ron and Ron's accomplished there
I like to yeah, in fact let's let her be sitting on Gary Sarner's lap when that plane goes down
During phase one if you recall she was what she was an accomplished during phase one Ron phase one
I don't recall I washed that from my brain
Are you serious? I am sure I remember these things
Well, you are more inemily involved in that oh, yeah, people will have to send the authorities back to pay them a visit again tight
Right 20 till noon at 560 WDQM. We got the highly rated gym management
Henry Goldberg between two and seven this afternoon
The Hebrew ham will be at
Shula stake two
Hercun hotline at seven we apologize for that because who really cares?
The big oh at eight and again more apologies necessary and then at a K-10
No apology needed oh, how'd you like to have to follow a
Panther hockey huh poor Eddie
I wonder can you imagine if we had something on like seven to ten that people would listen to nice
Could have been strong and I wonder book we could have been like number one man. No, we could have been number one overall
Even when that weak sister we got on there in a morning man the weakest link between five and eight and eight and man
She is just pathetic. Absolutely. God
Joe Rose certainly showed his ass to that one didn't he?
You know I'm talking about
Asia huh
Oh just picturing it well pretty big picture. Yeah
What are we gonna do with that the piece of crap I dump the bitch right now?
Well something to think about they sure like to I'll say to that
And in case there's anybody out there don't know who we're referring to it's hour from bokeh
19 till noon a QA and let's face it you've been hearing me talk about fast train for a Kunzage on a show and now
Maybe you've been wondering if it makes sense for you since your life seems to be going no place
I have no life. Maybe that's your deal
Well the facts are simple if you have the dedication fast train can provide you with the necessary training
And they can help you achieve that new high-paying computer career in just four short months by the end of the summer
You can be on your way to make in some real serious cash like your esarner for example or Todd Dreck
Fast trains got day night and weekend classes financial assistance available for those who qualify to once you complete your classes
Fast train will even help you out and getting a new computer job. It's just that easy
So if you're sick and tired of having your life be on a treadmill go in no place
Just pick up that phone and change it call fast train at 1 866 fast train
They have seven locations including Miami Kendall for Lauderdale and Pember of Pine so there's bound to be one nearby you
Call them today check them out of the web first if you like it fast train.com
And when you make that call be sure and mention Todd Dreck for some extra brownie points call 1 866 fast train
We're supporting you 560
UAM
Start bombing back dead
Do it every day
I want to watch it on TV I rack I rack
We've not
It should take a day
Let us just put a man to it I rack I rack
I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist
Put in thin air and tell that side of the scene
We're really pissed you're under my skin that little piece of sh
Ain't get away
I'll get the off the big guy hits from all of New York
So dumb has got to go
All of that now
We all know it's time to bomb I rack I rack
I
I
Want to wake up and see their cities
And say that
We can be
But can we have one
Start bombing I rack
Why not start to say you
Let's make your heart
He's on a list
That's
I rack
I
When all the boys are there I'll do a show with that
And say goodbye
I rack
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I think they have these lines written down on three by five cars. Oh just relax these companies are going out of business yet
I've heard all these same songs before you know
Yeah, the market is very volatile right now. I just I never yeah all of these things. Oh these things come back so fast
It's like they're all on three by five cars
At these snake well salesman university
Anyway, you want to be heaping all of my
Soros on everybody else do I
Why not pull show majority while UK troops to pull out
This is the UK independent newspaper today this morning should be British troops pull out of Iraq by the 30th of June by about
That's the question the response
Yes, 55% no 28% don't know 17% they're too worried about the Queen
How do you like that two to one margin 55 to 28
Pull all our raki troops out by June 30th and I should point out that the Brits acted as you saw incredibly defensive and paranoid
Oh the mirror the daily mirrors is making all of these things up the full of our doctor
Guess what
The same crap was going on in Basra and in the south of Iraq as was going on up in all these other places
As oboe grab it
Man always in denial of those Brits those bloody Brits. Oh, we wouldn't be doing anything like that
That's those bloody Americans doing it those barbarians
And of course we all remember how well the Brits treated those people in their massive empire
All their subjects. Oh, yes with the greatest of dignity
Right Gandhi was just a troublemaker and the South Africans too always with the greatest of dignity
And that's to forget Los Melvinus
Wow
The mushroom supply just came in I can tell
I wish even by long distance I can smell it
I was speaking to smelling Rush Limbaugh in the babes of Abu Ghareeb
Ghraeb
Gras is written by Kurt Nemo and counter punch. It's on our website today I do believe
Either yesterday or today. I put this stuff under yesterday not knowing whether you wouldn't
I'm glad I did because I don't think you did I did not I think you did on Saturday either
No, I slapped I thought you'd be back like on Saturday
I'll just pretend I didn't hear that
Torture at the Abu Ghraeb prisoner in Iraq question markets no different than fraternity hazing or so to clear is the king of reactionary radio Rush Limbaugh
Beating and killing Iraqi detainees according to Limbaugh is good fun
I'm talking about people having a good time these people see high agents and MPs at Abu Ghraeb
You ever heard of emotional release you heard of need to blow off some steam Limbaugh asked to call her
This is no different than what happens at the Scullin Boads initiation and we're gonna ruin people's lives over and we're gonna
Hamper our military effort and then we're really gonna hammer them because they had a good time
Limbaugh is attracted to people who torture on his May 3rd show the Laugh Mouth drug addict said have you noticed
Have you people noticed who the torturers are women the babes the babes are meeting out the torture
Limbaugh's talking about special
um
Subbri what is it? What does that mean SPEC?
Isn't there a word that's supposed to follow that? I don't know
Anyway subbrinded the harman and military police officers have been charged with abusing detainees at Abu Ghraeb
Harman is now probably the world's most infamous dominatrix of Saddam Asakism
She took her orders from army military intelligence officers CIA operatives and civilian contractors have conducted brutal Israeli-style interrogations
She's accused of photographing dead Iraqis posing with corpses
Stracking several prisoners by jumping on them as they lay in a pile writing rapist on a prisoner's leg and
Attaching wires to prisoners hands and penis while he stood on a box with his head covered
Most of us would likely find harman seriously deranged in need of years of psychological treatment
But Limbaugh finds her and pfc limbed the England attractive
England is featured in many of the torture photos and once he smiles happily with the cigarette clents between her teeth
As she points at her hooded to raki man's private parts. That's my girl
England's boyfriends surgeon Charles Grainer is a former prison guard with a history of domestic violence
None of this bothers rush on the contrary
Harman and England are patriotic Americans initially engaged in good old American pornography as limbaugh said in May 6th more like good old American snuff films
In fact for limbaugh torture is a good thing it builds character
Americans are too squeamish too wimpy unable to face up to the neocom plant of total war against Muslims and Arabs
The war bushes promise will last for generations
I think a lot of the American cultures being feminized
I think the reaction to this stupid tortures and example of the feminization of this country told his audience
In other words, if torturing people makes you sick you're a feminine or maybe French
It used to what rush seems to be saying there's more where that came from
For Russian the neocons it's all about humiliating and torturing as many Arabs as possible
It could all be that the whole purpose here which has been said was to humiliate these prisoners
And there's no better way of doing it than what was done
These are Arab males love better way to humiliate them than have a woman or have authority over them
What's the purpose here? What's the objective of this? The objective is to soften them up for interrogation later on
As I said there was no horror there was no terror there was no death no injuries nothing
Said rush
Never mind that people were killed and photographed by limbaugh's centerfold subbrindity harman
The point rush is making is that Arabs are
Untermencine subhumans and they don't experience horror and injury the same way Americans do
It's okay to settle up the 70 year old Iraqi woman with a harness and ride around like a donkey because Arabs are immune to terror and abuse and it goes on
Rosh limbaugh and the babes of abu grave
Yeah, nobody died
Right
Well a few just a few that were beaten to death, but yeah just a few and the brits by the way
Beat of fume to death also plus raping the young male the prisoners
well
all of these things
In the war against terror
You're doing a superb job. Oh, yeah, you know, I have a job especially with whatever the camps man
Wait till he start taking him in to take those showers
Hmm once you take on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners is our question
Bush has to go 243
Romsfeld has to go 104 this is out of 534 votes only the abuse of officers should be punished 62
It's part of war 55. I just don't give it shmit 43 8 percent. They don't care
No matter what they just don't care they want to hear
Not 30 man
Lot more of that and they will and they must have deserved it 27 5 percent say they had a coming
Them schmata heads
rag headbar burians they had a cullin
They shouldn't have bombed us on you know not a lot of
That'll teach you not to do it again
Oh, by the way the number of Iraqi dead so far see the British newspapers actually list the numbers each week go for the week
And so far the total why would they do that?
Because they're not like the american press they're not totally intimidated yet
Not totally controlled and brainwashed
16,000 dead Iraqis
Hmm any year
1195 us and brits almost 1200 16,000 Iraqis well, they shouldn't have attacked us
Should have been having a morphine's of astrospection all over the place right and those plans should have been having dinner with Osama
Your mama the same story with all these other evil doers harboring terrorists
Should have been putting that chemical weapons that we gave them on their own people
4 meds till noon at 560 WQA M
Nobody wants to talk about cancer heart disease all of these horrible things and yet
We owe it to ourselves and our families to be sure that we're in good health
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well treatment if
Detected early that's the key. There's an amazing place. It's called Hollywood Diagnostic Center
Was there about three four weeks ago? They're proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy
coronary heartscoring and full-body screening exams that can detect cancer other life threatening diseases and their early stages
The doctors referral isn't even needed for all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center
954
9663600 for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind if you have a really good exam like I did you walk out of there
Get the results and you think hey, I'm gonna live like in these at least another week or two at Hollywood Diagnostic Center
They are first aid the art imaging equipment with open MRI high-speed cat scan nuclear medicine and much much more
These folks have been serving the south Florida community for over 20 years
And if the solvary also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you like for example when
Throger's mother breaks her arm and leg and neck so called Hollywood Diagnostic says for your imaging exam today at 954
966 3600 that's 954
966 3600 that could be a life-saving call
I am from Iliana
Ross Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the near rocket
I'm gonna eat the hour
I hate you so I always will I look at you and wish I could blow you away
I'm sure wish you hadn't wrecked my wedding day wedding day
I was on my back and then you shot me
But now I will attack bill because you never got
I always let I will feel you until I kill you
I hate you so I always will
And the revenge rules my heart I will shoot straight
Yes, till you'd better be prepared to meet your fate
Oh drop dead bill
Oh please
I love to kill you
I love
I got the care of the blues
Please long to be
Follow to have a little weeny for lunch here
Okay, having a slim gym and cheese
I'm already going to very much work a life
And I'll present it called the Iraqis Iraq's
The provide security will continue on July 1st and beyond
I'm July 1st okay, ready for that? I'm July 1st
Oh, it's gonna be fun
Yeah, we're gonna turn it over to somebody
Here's the case to the kingdom anybody want them?
Oh, well don't know I'll jump a ride once now come on
Yeah, I mean this is already May the 10th
June 30th we're handed over to the kingdom
To somebody over there, we're not really sure who
Paul Bremer by the way is forming at the mouth
You see what he said the other day about how they waited and waited on this thing with the abuse of the prisoners
And they knew about it for months and the international red cross had been screaming and yelling
The Brits finally admitted that in early February
They were warned by the international red cross about the abuse advisor by the British troops
At the same time the Brits were saying their news media
Oh, it's all a bunch of funny pictures
It's uh, oh well, I guess we were wrong
But it's probably T-time anyway in Britain, wouldn't you think?
It's in it always
It's always T-time, that's why they spend so much time in the T-room
Here's the facts from Jeff who says, welcome back, we went to Rome a few years ago after hearing you for so long
We went all over the place in Italy then we went to London, Paris after 9-11
Everyone was sympathetic treatise by kings, the French kissed our asses
That's all been shot to hell thanks W
In fact, I was talking about this with some friends over the weekend when we were still in Europe
The fact that right after 9-11 we had the whole world on our side
The whole world loved America, they felt for us, they empathized, they sympathized
They wanted to do everything, they wanted to massage our parts, they loved us
Two months is all it took for W to turn that right around
Turn the entire world against us
Anyway, Jeff says this year we'll be going to Vegas and San Francisco, not Budapest and Prague like I want
Can't wait to pay $3 a gallon of P.S. where are my guilty noises?
Jeff wants to know
Well
Oh
Oh
Oh
There you go
That should keep you at least one o'clock
Keep you going through the lunch hour Jeff
Calm down
5-6-7-05-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Don't forget we got the pretons coming up Saturday right?
Dave Johnson will be calling again on Friday
I know
I gave it to you a triple man
What's in the end of the horse in the Derby that I picked?
Smokey is Smurras, Smarmy, Adams, Grizzly Adams, whatever it is I forget
Smokey Beck Canadian horse
Longer Derby, easy in the mud
An imperialism with the Kent Dissoramel board finished there
I told you he'd be on the money
Dave Johnson is always not fast enough, Neil, I'm so sorry
947 dollar triple I do believe
Probably some people cash but they don't want to call and say hey thanks a lot of you you made us some money
That would that would be you know that would be bad
Let's see Kentucky Derby oh yeah I already got this it's on our website and I'm going to get to it but I don't know why you just back to us
To me I guess you're not checking very closely okay about Jose Santos
We love you Jose always like Jose Santos number one and number two now I like him even better than ever because he's suing a hero
Oh
Nice going Jose baby
I think it's the same yes the same AP story
The jockey who wrote funny side to victory last year's Kentucky Derby in pre the stakes is suing the hero for libel
All right
No you know even you remember that but where they showed the uh that yes maybe
I believe that the imaginary uh battery that he supposedly had in his hand
Right
I think somebody at the hero should have a battery up there
Let's get all those uh Iraqi abusers uh let's bring it over to one hero plaza okay
And start abusing those hero publishers those right wing lunatics those many of those pandewars
Jose is seeking forty eight million dollars in damages and federal law suit filed last Tuesday in US District court in Louisville
The suit contains that the hero printed articles and photographs about the Chilean jockey that were libelist even after Santos
Directly and in arguably disagree with and contradicted denied all the allegations presented by reported during a telephone interview
Robert Bady attorney in spokesman for the anxious hero publishing company
So yesterday he hadn't seen the lawsuit once we do we'll analyze it and determine the appropriate responses
But I can assure you we will be defending against the allegations vigorously you should only rot at the hero
Okay and by the way Howard Cohen nice story there about those ratings huh you idiot man
Did they ever print a correction about that all see that's the thing about the newspapers
They just put any kind of craft they want in there and that if it turns out that they're wrong if they ever do
Print a retraction or correction it's in little teeny tiny print somewhere like on a page
Where they got all the subscription information or that nobody reads you know I'm talking about oh yeah yeah
That's their idea of a correction big 106 not heard by shop-jock laws right you should live so long
They went from a nine something share in February to a 1.8 and men in March
What's eight nine so nine since like eleven it's a almost 90% of their audience vanished in one month
And this jackass this clown is idiot in the business section of the hero rights a week ago Friday big 106 not heard by law so
Shocked yock and then Tom Jerk by the way our good close personal friend
Musk gives him all the numbers okay a given the graphs and the charts and the numbers for this and for that
Of course, up he's seen a few numbers this time
There's his time I checked the Sun Central every single day and I even confabulated with muff about it this morning
In our pre pre show a meeting I said I didn't see a time jicker right away about it did he said no how you like that with egg on his
Push he said no didn't write a word give all the numbers all the information
That's the kind of information you get in the South Florida fish wrappers boys and girls you don't have it
For mankind is the internet and that's pretty sad because it's a little on the scary side like the 18-year-old kid in in Germany with his sassy
Of virus there that a stick him on top of a box and stick those wires up to his his hands and his penis
Don't you think oh yeah
In fact let's take a look at the pictures you really looks like all the side you know which ones I'm going to take care of if you want to interrogate it personally
No I just thought I would clip the wires on the complaint was brought by santo's in his family as well as sacked at Togo's stable in New York which owned funny side
The newspaper is parent company night rhetoric and several employees are named as defendants
The proof liable sent us would have to show the newspaper had knowledge that the facts were reported false or enacted with reckless disregard of the truth
Stewards investigated the finish of last year's Kentucky Derby after a photograph and story in the newspaper last May raised questions about whether santo's might have carried an illegal device
A battery in his right hand when he crossed the finish line stewards later concluded santo's was holding only his whip
The newspaper reported santo's city carried an object in his hand during the race and they've described it as a curing to learn how to write it to his presence
The jockey who speaks English with a heavy accent later said there was a misunderstanding he was talking about his curay bracelet for arthritis
No speaker to no pick it upon me now what what kind of Spanish do they speak in Chile Spanish
Spanish
Spanish
Kind of an answer is that it's a it's Spanish but you know there are subtleties between the countries I see
5 670560.560 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line let's get some additions for this pool of air
What's your take on the abuse of the Iraqi prisoners bush has to go 266 runs fell has to go run me is crummy 115 lying piece of crap lying Nazi bastard
Hermann gearing junior only the abuse of officers should be punish 73 is part of war 62 I just don't give a Schmidt 47 almost 8% they just they refuse to care
And they must have deserved it 28 4.7% of nearly 600 votes WQAM hello
Hey Neil yes sir I don't want to turn into a music show but have you ever heard that let's do a music show
Have you ever heard that Beach Boys song a cocomo?
WQAM hello
QAM hello
Wow WQAM hello
Kind of talk to Cory WQAM hello
Yeah I do believe that SPEC would be a specialist however they could be an SM SPEC
SNM?
Yeah that would probably work
SNM specialist okay thanks I think that's what we got over there is a lot of SNM specialist don't you?
Yeah see this is working out real well not building the pool I don't care I really don't care
I can't just talk I beg your pardon they can't just have a conversation
No they have nothing to say about anything we were we figured that a long time ago right?
Uh huh yeah but boy if you got a pool uh name me a movie name me a singer name me a song
name me a uh a mountain name me uh something a planet
All the movies that begin with are what's your favorite uh erotic exotic metal?
How about heavy metal?
I think the noble gases personally
Sad
Very sad
South Florida man it's America and it's purest and most pathetic it's exactly what you see is what you get
WQAM hello
Yeah are you doing it can I please the needle please
Speaking
Hey Neil how you doing?
I'm doing good
It's in reference to what you were talking about slush on Friday he also said that it was clinton's fall
That all the abuse is were going on because of the zone-ass zone-tell
Well that must be it he must all be fags out there including
Oh yeah yeah yeah
Yeah of course he's a fact
Should I have never put them on there for a rush?
There you go
Don't make that mistake again pal I just rush away from that spot on the dial
Oh no we have to hear rush
Love to out there yeah
Very sad
1213 at 560 WQAM
Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV specifically
Boom VOOM as in Vava Boom has over 35 channels of HD programming three times more than anybody else
Boom has exclusive HD channels of movies sport music and news not available on cable or satellite
Boom has your favorite cable networks like MTV ESPN CNN
Boom's got your favorite local channels in both high definition and standard definition two
Boom's got over a hundred channels of read entertainment and they deliver the most amazing clearest
Best picture you've ever seen in your life call 1 866 848 8666 or visit boom.com for limited time offer
Ha!
There for your free installation no upfront cost no long term commitment
Better get booming because this offer ends May 31 just in three weeks
So call today for the tails 1 866 848 8666 or check them on the web at boom.com
Live in local
Here sports video 560 QAM
And in a car accident have you been injured at work or you a middle aged
Elf vinyl former pop star accused of child molestation then you need the law offices of Thomas
Mesero Jr. we specialize in auto accident dog bites medical malpractice workers compensation and
Certically altered freaks charged with being a little too fond of little boys
Hi I'm Thomas Mesero Jr. If your innocence is as plain as the nose on your face call my toll free number
Your first consultation is free even if you're a moon walking her mapper I do think she's beat a pan
I am beat a pan
I don't get paid unless you win and you won't win unless I get paid so hand over the deed to the ranch
And you might have a chance
Don't leave your case dangling like a baby over a hotel balcony call the law offices of Thomas Mesero Jr. today
I'm Thomas Mesero Jr. and I guarantee I'll help you beat it
It's a 12 18 can we still say that?
No, okay what he really meant to say was
12 18 at 560 WQM happy Monday to it's made the 10th gosh I missed the ill-sick little mile
Oh we had a party did you have a big party on that day?
Invited all the Mexicans
Red Cross report describes abuse in Iraq
The Red Cross saw American offices mistreating elbow-grab prisoners by keeping them naked and total darkness in empty cells
And up to 90% of Iraqi detainees were arrested by mistake according to report disclosed today
Let me just read that last line again there up to 90% of Iraqi detainees were arrested by mistake
Like cab drivers for example
Right for example the report by the international committee the Red Cross supports its allegations that abusive Iraqi prisoners by American soldiers
Was broad and not individual acts contrary to President Bush's contention that the mistreatment was the wrong doing of a few
ICRC delegates directly witnessed and documented a variety of methods used to secure the cooperation of the persons deprived of their liberty with their interrogators according to the confidential report
The delegates saw in October how detainees in Abu Ghraib were kept completely naked in total empty concrete cells and in total darkness the reports said
It said found evidence supporting prisoners allegations of other forms of abuse during arrest initial detention and interrogation
Among the evidence were burns, bruises, other injuries consistent with the abuse that prisoners alleged it said
The 24-page document confirmed by the ICRC as authentic after was published today by the Wall Street Journal said the abuses were primarily during the interrogation stage by military intelligence
Once the detainees removed irregular prison facilities the abuses typically stopped it said
The report said the abuses on 10-month torture including brutality, hooding, humiliation and threats of imminent execution
These methods and of psychological and physical coercion were used by military intelligence in a systematic way to gain confessions and extract information of the forms of cooperation from persons who had been arrested in connection with suspected security offenses or deemed to have an intelligence value
The agency said arrest allegedly tended to follow a pattern
Arresting authorities entered houses usually after dark, breaking down doors, waking up residents roughly, yelling orders, forcing family members into one room under military guard while searching the rest of the house and further breaking doors, cabinets and other property of the report said
We're here to liberate you! Why aren't you thanking us and giving us candy and flowers?
Sometimes they arrested all of the old males present in the house including elderly handicapped or sick people that said
Treatment often included pushing people around insulting, taking in with rifles, punching and kicking and striking with rifles
It said some coalition military intelligence officers estimated between 70 and 90% of the persons deprived of their liberty and a rack have been arrested by mistake
They also attributed the brutality of some arrest to the lack of proper supervision of battle group units
Pierre Cronbule, ICRC director of Operation said Friday the report of a given US officials in February but only summarized what the agency had been telling US officials in detail between March and November of last year, either in direct face-to-face conversations or written interventions
Cronbule said the abuse of prisoners represented more than isolated acts and that the problems were not limited to Abu Ghraib
We were dealing here with a broad pattern not individual acts he said there was a pattern and a system declining to give further details
The report described how male prisoners were forced to parade around and women's underwear
Well, we didn't hate that song, you know? That Christmas song?
We don't, no that's right
It said that information obtained suggested the use of ill-trimid against persons deprived of their liberty went beyond exceptional cases
And might be considered a practice tolerated by coalition forces Cronbule said the ICRC regretted the publication and said it would have preferred sticking to its policy of confidential discussions with coalition authorities
Because the US have been making progress toward meeting its demands they declined to discuss the full report
Yadi Yadi
But then of course these dang pictures got out, you know what? That's the Chigurana Wood pile, the pictures got out
Damn it
That's the proper training they were talking about it they were trained not to take pictures right into your problem
And they keep asking what kind of lunatics, what kind of maniacs would take pictures of themselves doing all of these things?
All of these things!
Part of the procedure they decided
Catherine Harris, you're about her plane?
For her to about her peanuts?
I heard Gary Sarner was on her plane
That's her alarm starting today, put that in your uppipe and smoke it Miss Foddo, can't there's room in your mouth?
Yeah
Tough on it, Matt
Representative Catherine Harris, the former Florida Secretary of State who oversaw the disputed 2000 presidential election
Admitted she's responsible for a vote coming uncounted, her own
She's a vozo, she's a dumber, she's a miserable idiotic bitch
Harris forgot to sign her absentee battle when she voted in Longbow Kees Local Election March 9
I feel terrible the Republican said Friday, it's a mistake I regretted
Harris said she was in a rush to catch a flight
Uh-oh, you hear that?
Catch a flight
To Washington DC when she handed the unsigned ballot to her husband to say then she said she usually both in person has never had trouble before
I know how important voting is, Harris said, oh what a line that is, huh?
She knows how to fix an election with the best of them
The election decided the fate of a proposed community center, yada yada yada, after the making of events
Harris later received a letter from the supervisor informing her that her vote didn't count
This story to me, this is one of the most amazing things for Dr. Bob, wouldn't he be just shocked right now?
The crispy cream story?
Yeah
You talk about it?
Nope
Well why not?
You're saving it for me
Yeah, that's all
Hey you like your crispy cream, and look at me
Had one this morning?
Yeah
Lire, how about you Jyce like crispy cream?
We had crispy cream all over the place in here
I like it
You make it donuts better actually
Oh my god
I have just
Lost it
We'll find it
That has got to be the most unbelievable comment in the history of the subhuman race
You like Dunkin' Donuts better than crispy cream, you know what that's like saying?
Oh boy
That's like saying you'd rather sniff, you'd rather sniff scruans ass for six hours
Then have a banana split
You'd rather put your nostrils under Duff's armpit for six years
Than enjoy a delicious plate of spaghetti bolanesi in Rome like I had
Spaghetti pomegranate d'oral
Man, outside of the food in Rome continues to be, there's just nothing like it
Man
I wish I weighed about 20 pounds when I went there, you know?
And just had to eat like several meals a day just to stay alive
You really said you like crispy, you like a Dunkin' Donuts, I'm gonna give you a chance to change your mind on that now
You want to use stand by that answer?
Yeah
What does he know? He's just a punk
Now you don't eat the crispy creams that we have in the building for free?
No, they're looking sugary, you know?
A little tooth-weed
Maybe if you'd start eating crispy cream instead of Dunkin' Donuts, you'd stop talking through your teeth like that
Maybe it makes you, it makes you greet your teeth when you eat the Dunkin' Donuts, they suck
They're the worst
I wouldn't feed Dunkin' Donuts till like a starving Saudi Arabian, to a peasant in the desert
I wouldn't feed Dunkin' Donuts to some schlepper on the street here
San
Spare some change, Mr. I wouldn't feed them Dunkin' Donuts, eh?
Crispy cream hit by the Atkins craze
Oh my god
Yeah, we're getting to that heavy duty
Even though Josh would rather hear about
I noticed that Dunkin' Donuts stuck in effected because nobody gives a flying crap about Dunkin' Donuts
So there's no story about them
But you continue eating those which leaves a lot of crispy cream for George and everybody else, right?
Right, until we die
Good idea, good thing
26 past noon at 5.60 WQM
Let me tell you right now about our friends and financial group
You heard me talk about these people and they're incredible only one mortgage per-wraim with an unbeatable
1.25% rate for the purchase or refinancing of your home
1.25% that's just $334 a month on a $100,000 loan
$668 a month on a $200,000 loan
Now they're advertising on TV, they're all over the radio
This program's got everybody talking, the only one mortgage makes it possible
and only the financial group makes it available to you
So refinance your current home, give money for renovations, move to another home
and never ever pay fees or closing costs again
You pay zero closing costs, zero credit bureau, fee zero application, fee zero discounted points, zero everything
Kind of like Reg Read, zero all the way around, this is for real
Just call financial group toll free at 1-866-395-Lend to find out more
That's 1-866-395-L-E-N-D, the only one mortgage sits the only mortgage you'll ever need
The Reneku housing lender, credit restrictions apply, 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly
My high and low, this is for trail by 60, you wait until 8
Back in the day when someone done a strong
We didn't take their cry
Imperial Harbor, they're one that jobs, drop their bonds
We bombed them bad, and now the Saudis, they hit us hard
And on our cards are little flags waving
As that Saudi love and recharge points the farmers the wrong way
And on embarrassed to be in Americans
Where they follow goals like cheese
The United States of arrogance
Led by Bush and his family, reading of this country
And the late North, the largest state in our history
I don't want to be a tax American
Act in the USA
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the West
If you want that SUV to drive
You're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world
They train us to believe
And anyone who says that obviously
And the four to be
And a thousand barrows to be in America
Where we pay three authentic leaves
We have flagged with hand with our head in the sand
And blindly follow the powers that we have ascetic
And I'm not a frantic dog
Washington State for News on a 65 inch screen
Black scratcher, fired, everything's okay
In the USA
God dang, 1232-560WFUM
This test in from the mirror.co.uk, the Daily Mirror
You don't want to publish all those fully pictures
Right
Coalition forces were yesterday accused of a catalog of sex crimes against Iraqi prisoners
US forces were alleged to have committed wide-ranging sex attacks on prisoners
And three British soldiers were said to be facing sex assault charges, sex assault
London and Washington were raised for a fierce backlash from the New
Revelation
The Yorker magazine published a photo of dog threatening an A.K.D. and made it Albu Grey Prison
We got that on our website
And the same man with blood streaming from his leg after he was apparently bitten
The US was expecting the publication of more photos
And a video from the notorious jail in Baghdad that they're thought to show US soldiers raping a woman prisoner
Troops are also seen beating a detainee within an inch of his life
A video is expected to emerge taken by US soldiers showing young boys being raped by Iraqi guards
Photos of soldiers acting inappropriately with a dead body also exist
Prozi Moto would be proud
One accused Sabrina Harmon is said to be posing with a decomposing corpse with her thumbs up
Pentagon sources warned that the abuse of dead bodies possibly murder victims
Is a recurring feature in the sickening material. I'm going to read that paragraph again
While I get sick
Photos of soldiers acting inappropriately with a dead body also exist
One accused Sabrina Harmon is said to be posing with a decomposing corpse with her thumbs up
Pentagon sources warned that the abuse of dead bodies possibly murder victims is a recurring feature
In the sickening material it was announced that the unrelieved pictures will be handed over to Congress by the Pentagon
Senator John Warner said lawmakers would be allowed to view them in private
But Senator Lindsey Graham said the Bush administration needed to make the photos public as soon as possible
You know that Dhrulan Lindsey Graham?
He said if there's more to come let's get it out for God's sake let's talk about it because men's and women's lives are at stake
He said for God's sake gosh dang it
Last week Mr. Graham more and the public needs to understand we're talking about rape and murder over here
The administration is prepared for a damaging fallout a worried defense official said it's a time bomb
The expected sting of filth loomed as British troops were also accused of sexually abusing prisoners
Three soldiers in the royal regiment of fuseliers what the hell is that they don't come no celer than them?
It's just a fuselage Brits
Are said to face charges of sexual assault including rape and breach of the Geneva Convention
After photos showed prisoners being forced to take part in homosexual acts
Oh my God
Well they're Brits what do you expect okay?
A bunch of people are worship a queen what do you expect?
The abuses came to light when staff at a photo lab alerted the police
Kelly Tilford who worked at Max Spielman photographic shop in Tamworth's staffs yesterday described in graphic detail the pictures she saw of her racke's been sexually abused
Kelly 23 was processing a film taken by soldier Gary Bartlett a year ago
She ended the pictures to police they passed him on a military authorities who launched a probe if you pardon that expression
Oh man
Kelly told the mirror was a film of about 24 pictures all taken in Iraq most of them showed general scenes of soldiers holding weapons posing for the camera
But there were four of them that really shocked and disgusted me they were horrible she said
The first showed a prisoner being forced to perform oral sex on a soldier
The prisoner was screwing up his face and disgust he looked deeply ashamed
The second showed two naked iracky men with one apparently being forced to rape the other one
The third appears to be taken in some kind of warehouse and showed a naked iracky looking terrified being dangled in the net from the lifting gear of a forklift truck
He was being held about 15 feet off the ground and looked absolutely petrified at the wheel of the forklift was a soldier in uniform and you can clearly see his face
Two British soldiers were watching what was going on and smoking
The fourth one showed a group of a racke men all naked sitting on the ground
There were about ten of them sitting were squashed up together but none of them were on top of another
Some of them were scared some of them looked ashamed
Labor MP Alice Mayan said the sickening twisted this already horrific tale diminishes us all
The news that Iraqi women and children were raped is a truly horrifying turn for the worse
Are we really to believe that these soldiers are the only ones responsible for not a chain of command?
We need answers from Washington and London about what those orders were and who gave them etc
There you go
We better get that on the watch right here
There is a war on off steam
That what it is good fun. Yeah, that's what rush says
This boys will be boys girls will be girls
It was the babes that were doing a lot of the stuff those hot babes
Just pathetic people who are there and all of them virtually all of them
And we've done extensive research on interviews with their loved ones their relatives
Their friends back in their hometowns whether in West Virginia or Maryland or anyplace else around the country
Say they have no way they can't understand how it's possible that these people did allegedly
What they're at least seen as having done in these pictures as you look at those young faces what goes through your mind?
They are the face of America wolf and not only that
They're smiling just as they are in the pictures and that's why when my colleague says you know
Well, let's just keep this investigation quiet. Let's recover
We can't recover by the way if we're looking like we're covering up
And these young men and women were smiling in those pictures because they believed that they were doing the right thing
They were going to get into trouble for doing what they were doing in these pictures
There's a sense of hilarity in these pictures
They were having a good old time as well as a good gay old time
That's what it looks like to me right?
I believe in hotel
Exactly. Yahoo, y'all come
22 to 1 at 5 60 Don't forget about that crispy cream strainer
I know that Josh don't want to hear about it because he's too busy with his dunky donut
Man, I can't believe that. My opinion of you was in fact George told me before he came in this morning
You did a fabulous job last week it was great, etc.
And you have just dropped several notches on a Richter scale. You got some serious work to do with Mr.
You eat like two crispy cream donuts. You got diabetes. How can you handle that?
I already have diabetes. Okay, but you can't eat only two. You have to have at least three.
I think you got it. You have to have at least three. Okay?
I only had one this morning.
Yeah, well what's the excuse for that?
I took one and then I ran away from the other ones and ate it in here.
But ate it right next to the box and would have five.
That's for sure. You can't eat only three.
21 to 1 at 5 60. We got the mad dog at 1 at 2 at 1. All right. I like to sound of that at 2.
You got the Humber, the Hebrew hammer at 4 and then after that it's, well, it's Monday with you went.
No ball games. That attendance has been dropped in badly.
Although most of they had 30,000 people there because it was, it was, uh,
Darryl, what was it? Don Trell, Cap flip off your coach something night.
What was it? It was like Don Trell hat night.
Well, he made it a little more complicated. Now you kept flipping something.
But that's tough. You know, she's got a real sense of humor.
He said 30,000 for the giveaway night. But the other games have been on a week side.
13,000 for the Dodgers, 14, 16, 12,000.
A little on a week's side, I would say maybe everybody's billed out of town. You think?
Yeah.
An excellent idea too.
Hey, is your company suffering from regulations that increase labor cost let Oasis outsoicing help you want to come to the people side of your business?
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsoicing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsoicing today for a free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to our friends at Oasis outsourcing.
So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you want a free evaluation, no obligation, call them, call them tool free, 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Call Oasis outsourcing.
You should shut your mouth and don't be anymore. Back to the U.S.S.A.
Great thing I come up with in my SUV is far from easy way to play.
I play my oil, teach you city back in the East, left the Stolly Packs with marriage and way I'm back at the U.S.S.A.
You should shut your mouth and don't be anymore. Back to the U.S.S.A.
Great thing I come up with in my SUV is far from easy way to play.
You should shut your mouth and don't be anymore. Back to the U.S.S.A.
Great thing I come up with in my SUV is far from easy way to play.
You should shut your mouth and don't be anymore. Back to the U.S.S.A.
Great thing I come up with in my SUV is far from easy way to play.
You should shut your mouth and don't be anymore. Back to the U.S.S.A.
Great thing I come up with in my SUV is far from easy way to play.
You should shut your mouth and don't be anymore. Back to the U.S.S.A.
Great thing I come up with in my SUV is far from easy way to play.
I think I was scary John Kerry. By the way, if you notice how little we've seen him these last couple of weeks, I mean,
we're the ads finally, which are kind of weak, but at least they're there now.
But where the hell is he though? In the middle of all this. He ought to be screaming and yelling and carrying on shouting from the rooftop.
We see a lot of Joe Biden. We see plenty of Ted Kennedy. We see lots of John McCain. Where the hell is John Kerry?
Maybe he's Biden his time. Either better, maybe he's trying to get the medals back.
Now get back to Krispy Kreme, the important stuff. In fact, let's do that pool. What do you say? Not on the website, but just for the hell of it.
He'll give him something to call about. Do you think? Okay.
Krispy Kreme or Dunkin' Donuts? Or maybe they got some other ones they like. Is there another, I don't know any other ones.
As far as a big chain? Yeah. A big chain.
I hear what you're saying. Krispy Kreme hit by Atkins craze. This is a shocking. Don't make her Krispy Kreme a scene that shares plunge.
After it warned that the man is being hit by the craze for low carb diets.
Everybody and their brother now is low carbing it. I mean, beer is low carbonate. Subway, every fast food joint is low carbonate.
Oh, you'll be pleased to know that the pet rat was still there. McDonald's on the dam rack.
Well, that's good. I never understand that. It's always under, you know, the deep fryer they hit with a frizer.
It's always under there. And every time I've stood there waiting for my diet, so to my whatever the hell I'm getting, it comes running out.
Maybe it's just a greeting or something. I'm thinking maybe it's a mechanical rat. I don't know. You shouldn't name it.
The firm said donut sales were I did. I said, hey, Greg. Nice to see an Amsterdam.
The firm said donut sales were following across the industry and that it would close the gourmet bakery until a bought what a unit that a bottle only last year.
The news profits were likely to fall, push cheers down 25% to $23.90.
More and more Americans have tried to cut out carbs as part of the popularity of the Atkins diet rest in peace. Nice going, Dr. Bob.
How can anybody stick to that diet though? Really? I mean, I did it once. How can you stick to it?
I don't know. Well, we have the lights away spoken the next breaks and maybe that's the answer.
See how I bailed out of that? Nice.
For the diet said here in crispy creams glazed gooey confections as well as baked goods in general are off the menu. See that Josh?
You don't want to balloon up like the beast and all those other fat tubs like Zach, all those tubs of crap you got right in around there. Those bald headed geeks.
I don't think there's any chance of that.
The warning marks the first real setback for the company since it went public four years ago.
The intervening time is a spandor overseas, including in what some would see is that a departure from its downhomers in the US South.
An outpost in the upscale Heritage Department store in London, no less. This is the BBC website.
The brand's endorsement by celebrities has helped drive it to a strong position in the $10 billion dollar donated to your US market.
And since floating in no wonder this is written so awkwardly it's on the BBC website. It's written like it by a bunch of brits.
In a statement, crispy cream had no hesitation in blaming the Atkins diet and its local likes like the South Beach style, which is absolutely nothing but a real cheap imitation of Atkins.
I don't care what anybody says.
For several months there's been increasing consumer interest in low carbohydrate diets. It's got live and good. The firm's president chief executive and chairman.
He's the C. When did that start? We started hearing about the CEO and the COO and the ACC. See you next time. What did that all start?
Just subtly slow in. It's kind of like the quartet. Are you, you, you're not trying to make me that nobody knows what that is that they're using that term.
I'm surprised about the EU thing because since when did they start acting as a unit just because of the money thing?
It's the US, the UN, the EU and the Russian. I mentioned it, but I thought Israel was in there somewhere in what in the quartet. Oh, they're in there.
I'll write. They're stealing all the halava. The trend has a little discernible fact that our business last year, but recent market data suggests consumer interest in low carb diets has heightened significantly following the beginning of this year.
It has accelerated the last two to three months from now on. He said the firm will focus on the core donut business, which means that the writing is on the wall from Montana mills, the gourmet bakery business brought last year for $40 million.
In addition, Krispy Kreme is hoping to bring out here you go, Josh, what you've been waiting for a low calorie sugar-free donut by the end of this year.
That doesn't taste like crap. Oh, and probably going to taste real good, but the crap part you got to keep in mind because that's probably what it's going to make you do.
It's probably going to be loaded with like sorbetol and manateau and maltatol and the old stay close to home and crap it all.
Can't say that no more.
I want to watch it. That team of button pushers that are lined up at that table I dreamed about. They're going to be on your ass.
I'm serious. I really had that dream. They were all I think I had that dream too.
Yeah, they all just sitting like long, long wooden table and each one had nothing but a little yellow squared dump button in front of them.
And it had to go right right down at a whole committee before it could finally go out on the year whatever the hell we were talking about.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQM. Hello.
Yes. Yes.
I got to put it for the new car died.
No chain, no S-car, no road spill.
Okay, we're on it.
Wow. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I think he really wanted to say something about Dom Trail Willis and about them caps.
But he got he was in. He was on a sports show. He was humiliated and embarrassed.
He was getting there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on our AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQM. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Did you see one of the prisoners in one of the photos?
He looked like he had a swollen package.
WDQM. Hello.
That's a guy to call in his whole thing is swollen package.
That's his whole lie.
Whether it's a rock group or whatever it is swollen package.
That's his life.
I have no life.
Oh, excuse me.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Crispy cream or ducky donuts.
You can do it.
Come on. Paper or plastic.
I'm going to say I may just go back to that like the seven months ago.
I'm going to think about it very seriously.
The seven months what?
Did no calls?
Right.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm pondering it in my mind.
Well, you know, maybe you call there like one over.
You know, just for a variety of sake.
Because it's too much pressure.
It's unfair for us to put this on a public.
Actually, like have something to say about anything.
It's a hell of a lot.
Yeah.
As opposed to just saying swollen package.
You're supposed to do for them not the other way around.
WDQM. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Welcome back, buddy.
Hello.
Easy for you to say yes.
Hi, guys.
WDQM. Hello.
Is there?
Speaking.
Yeah, between crispy cream and ducky donuts.
I would say crispy cream.
But you know, you had asked on the poll if there were any others.
I guess time and all.
It's the best.
Small potatoes.
Oh, okay.
They're all small potatoes.
Thank you so much.
I watched Godfather 3 on the plane against them.
The seven 77.
I watched Godfather 3.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
The acting was just as bad.
But the and the awful lines.
You know, now they will now they will fear you.
Maybe they should fear you.
It was just so sad to take a movie.
A movie with such an important message.
So much important historical stuff in it.
And make them acting just stick to join out.
Like I said before the show today, if they were to shot Sophia.
If they were to shot Mary in the beginning of the movie.
And if they would have fed Eli Wallach,
the canola is right in the very beginning.
And we could have had these movie gone.
Daddy.
And if they were left to George Hamilton somewhere on TV with that stupid.
Isn't that amazing that he actually he and his wife actually had a talk show for like five minutes?
George Hamilton.
Well, what does he do?
Where did he come from?
He does exactly that.
He has a tan and nice teeth.
And that's that's it.
Boy, can't complain about his acting because he don't do any.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How can someone not like crispy cream?
I know.
It sounds like a communist thing to me.
I used to live about two blocks from a crispy cream shop.
And by the time I moved out of there, Don Deloitte could turn and looked at me and went damn you need a diet.
Yeah.
And the last time I ate Dunkin' Donuts, it was horrible.
You know, they say that's what they like to donut fresh.
My god, when I was living over on the other side of the state, I could have gave a donut to Japlone's skin.
He couldn't have stopped that in the net.
Yeah.
It was that bad.
And...
Okay, you're on a material pal, thanks.
I mean, yeah, I'm not asking you to do a whole lecture on it just to...
In fact, quite frankly, I would hope you wouldn't respond to it, but they will.
Because they got nothing else going.
Five, six, seven.
I have no life.
Oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty.
I have no life.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
On our poll, we're going to go to response.
What's your take on the abuse of the Iraqi prisoners, which we're sure are just isolated incidents?
Not.
723 votes.
Bush has to go with 328.
Ramesfeld has to go 134.
Only the abusive officers should be punished 93.
It's part of war 75, very naive folks.
I just don't give a shmit, 61.
8.4%.
Now, it's moving up there.
And they must have deserved it 32.
They did something.
We don't know exactly what it was, but they must have given like a dirty look or mouth off or something.
They're there.
They must have said you're mama.
They shouldn't have a bond night or whatever there.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil.
Yes.
Talking about polls.
I just don't believe any of these polls about the president being ahead.
You know, I don't know what to take on that is, but I don't buy it at all.
Why not?
I don't know what you think.
Do you think that all the polls are fake?
They're all fixed?
Not all of them.
I mean, what do we have to look at these days?
I mean, all the corporate mogul vote, all the media stations.
I mean, you look at it.
I don't know if I can say this, ABC.
I mean, it's Disney.
So they're not going to cover any of the issues that's having a...
But, uh, move it out.
Okay.
And have a great day.
Whatever you said.
ABC Ted Coppel did do the thing the other night.
A week ago, Friday, and Ridley, and names of all the dead soldiers.
Which I commend them heartily for.
And then, of course, what was the company being with an ass again?
I mean, Sinclair.
Sinclair Group.
They're 70 ABC affiliates.
The public.
The public.
The public.
The public.
The public.
The public.
The public.
The... you know, the narrow things we're doing.
All these wonderful things were emancipating.
We're bringing democracy.
Since it's when, and again, nobody's asking this question because the American media sucks.
But since when was it our goal to export freedom around the world?
Export democracy.
Nationbuilding, which is exactly what Bush said he wasn't going to be doing when he was running for office.
Nationbuilding.
When did that come about?
Sure.
I see.
Emmancipating people from all these evil dictators that we installed in their first place.
I don't know.
I must have missed that part of the year campaign.
He's starting up again.
Yes.
1257 at 560 W.C.
Like I said, there's nothing like the Atkins diet, man.
Or any other low carb than I just say that minutes ago?
Just.
Well, I did point out that it's hard to stay in any of the low carb diets because just the meat and the cheese and the seafood, I mean,
it sounds all wonderful and good in the butter.
That's great by itself, but it's pretty boring.
It's one dimensional.
And that's why people are looking for variety.
And that's why you ought to be heading for Delights of West Booker the number one low-carves through an American.
Now, a lot of the new reduced carb products on store shelves are geared toward cutting back on carbs, but not on weight loss.
Well, who the hell wants to do that?
Delights of West Booker's expertise has always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting.
They carry over a thousand products with a focus toward the lowest carb as possible that can fit in a way successful low carb or a lost plan.
The spring sale is in full swing right now.
If Delights host stop by, their staff knows dieting inside and out, and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
Delights of West Booker's on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to prestigious Boston Market or column toll free at 1-877 Low Carve,
L-O-W-C-A-R-B or find them on www.lowcarve.com.
Here's some taste, here's some variety, here's something to keep you on that straight-nero path that otherwise is so boring and one-dimensional.
Don't forget Delights of West Booker's your official Atkins retail center.
5-6-Low-Coff, this is 5-C-T, the radio's on your side.
2-1, this is Delaries, and you know, won't be listening to her in junior ads as I want to.
Another thing, you know, some of me would have been a big star by now.
You know, it's that little bit sweet voice that you can take anywhere, little cutie-poo.
We saved you?
I think that's a different brand.
I don't want that 30-500 Ways to hire a huffer.
You're a hot, the more I see you.
Yeah, what a huffer.
The more I hate you.
What do I see?
And when I see you.
Okay.
I want a time.
Hi, you're a tech agree.
Oh, don't, don't, don't cheat.
A roll.
It's the end of the whole matter.
And points like that.
Why you, why you're a smart you?
That's a thing.
I know my smell attracts you.
But unlike that you.
You still got your job.
I feel just like that you are my divrutter.
And what did you do another?
That's why you are still not buying it.
The noise, the noise, the noise.
The noise, the noise, the noise.
The noise, the noise, the noise.
I'm on a show and I must you.
In a cow, by...
That's what you think we'd say that's all about you.
It's 103 at 560 WQM. Happy Monday to you. You didn't talk it all last week. I guess about
that story about the three proms in Lyons, Georgia. No, I did not. That we've seen this
morning around CNN and the... I beg your pardon? I missed the story. Three cultures, three
proms for high school. Now the only story I could find was one from last month. Monday,
Monterey, Harold, somewhere. Where is this from? Monterey, Harold? I don't know. Where's
Monterey? Oh, it's in Georgia. Okay. Well, that's where it happened before. They keep
having that there. Yeah, I understand. The black kids at Tumes County
High School, and keep in mind, this was written before. I mean, these proms just happened
this past weekend. The black kids at Tumes County High School will hold their prom at the
National Guard Armory next weekend, and the white kids will dance live, reminisce, and
cry on the same building on May 7th. What about the Hispanic kids? Which party will
the children of the Mexican migrant workers attend? This is in Lyons, Georgia. Neither
they'll hold their own prom. It won't be my first for... Oh, hello. Wow. I don't know if
you can hear us. Neil. We just lost a line or something. Or audio or something. This
is a technical emergency. Maybe he'll pop back on it. I know it's lunchtime. That means
nobody's going to be going right. The engineer is anyone. Go rustle up an engineer or
something. And you know panic. Like, you know, yell, scream like a woman. Hello. We just
lost the air thing. We lost you. And now you're back. Well, what else is that all about?
I didn't go anywhere. I didn't shut anything off. Obviously you didn't on your end. So
something's going on on your end is what you're saying. I'm sitting here talking and I'm
not going to be responsible. I'm thinking you're probably just stuff on another door
on your face or something. What kind of crap was that? We're up and running, but we weren't
there for a while. We're often running, man. It sounds like sabotage to me. Probably
Jeb Bush got his fine figure stuck in the middle of this crap. First impression is me.
An evil elf in the control room leaned on a button or something, but there was nobody
there. Anyway, what I'm trying to say is,
Tumes County, Georgia now has three separate proms for the high school. They have one for
the blacks, one for the whites, and one for the Hispanics. Well, how do you like that?
It wasn't supposed to be this way when Yuri Flores bought a $50 ticket to the white
prom in February. She retired later that day with a white girlfriend, Jennifer Hart, who
also wanted to buy a ticket. Hart says the white prom committee girl wanted to know if her
date was white, black or Hispanic. Mexican was the answer. Well, she told me that it was
a white prom, not a Mexican prom, not a black prom. It made me feel mad. That's not right.
I wanted to put my fist in her face. She said, you go, girl. It's the babes that are
meat now that punishment. Anyway, that's what Russia says. They Flores too was stunned,
hurt, mad, and with the minutes determined. The Hispanic slash Latino prom committee was
formed that February afternoon. The Silverado Night Club on US one North Alliance, Georgia
resounded May 8th. That was set out night with Kumbaya, rap, pop, and reggae. As Latino
high school kids in Tums County and from across East Central Georgia go to the prom, CUMBIA.
Kumbaya? My lord, Kumbaya? This is the land of freedom. It's supposed to be a land of
dreams that Anna Rosa Perez, a Tums high school junior with braces and aspirations for
a career in Hollywood, but it's not equal. We just don't want to be left out. I'll probably
show other people if you want to try to achieve something you can do. Why can't all the kids
go together? Oh, excuse me. I'm sorry. Now who's being naive? K. Oh, boy. I printed out
a good part of this. See more her story from the New Yorker. I don't know. It's just
too long in Pondras. We do. We do have it on there. Chain of Command, how the Department
of Defense Misshandle did disaster in Abu Ghraib. Grab, grab, grab, grab. With that new picture,
the moment of the dog, everybody's going to want to take a peek at that. And then also
they were speaking of dogs, Cynthia Rothrock. Now she's all right. That picture is okay.
It's kind of erotic. She's got a good body. How about that? From many, many years ago.
She's how old I say she's now 75, something like that? 49 or something. I don't know.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Look at that phone, man. Are they
doing it or what? WQM? Hello? New. Yes, sir. Three things. Love the moment, Goldie
Bits. Man, that's the best thing on radio. Second thing, I got a right. All time favorites.
Oh, God, I love it. I got a brother to the military. And he said that the civilian contractors
is a politically correct way to say mercenary in case anybody hadn't caught on to that
quite yet. And I was delivering to a feed supply store near Lake Okeechobee last week
when George went off on one of his Middle East ramps. Right. And actually had a guy come
up to me, some big cowboy bowhunk. And he came up to me and said, what station he listened
to? And I told him QAM out of Miami. And he said, who's that faggot liberal that's
talking? I told him that George needs a spilling host. And he goes, that faggot needs
to have somebody put a bullet in his brain. And then he's just off. He's got Jesus saved
license plate. I'm scared. Oh, man. All right. And there you have it.
I just love you. I'm going to forget it. And have a great day. There you go. He's gunner
for your ass, George. Yeah. We were talking about the Christians. When you're good red
neck, he folks there went in good Christians. He got Jesus on his bumper stick. And he got
his shotgun in the back in a cab. Speaking of what he was just talking about before that,
many of the prisoners abused at the Abu Ghra'at prison were innocent. Iraq. He's picked
up and random by US troops and incarcerated by underqualified intelligence officers or
former US interrogator from the notorious jail told the Guardian newspaper, the Brits.
Torrin Nelson who served as military intelligence officer at Guantanamo, baby for moving to
Abu Ghra'at was a private contractor last year. Blendy abuses on a figure of command in
US military intelligence and overreliance on private firms. He alleged that those companies
were so anxious to meet the demand for their services that they sent cooks and truck drivers
to workers interrogators. In fact, maybe this truck driver that this last caller was talking
about, maybe he ought to be going over there. I'm sure he'd do a fine job. Now, yeah,
he'd feel right in with this crowd. Military intelligence operations need to drastically
change an order for something like this. Never to happen again, Mr. Nelson said he spoke
to the Guardian in a series of interviews by phone and email. He claimed that many of
the detainees of the prisoner are actually innocent of any acts against the coalition
and are being held until a bureaucracy there can go through their cases and verify there
need to be released. And it goes on about the variety of different, incompetent, unqualified
clowns who are in charge of the interrogations. Mr. Nelson denies any involvement in the
physical and sexual abuse of Iraqis at Abu Ghra'at was listed in the official military
report into the scandals of witness rather than a suspect. He says he be sung from his
job in February and fear for his life because Abu Ghra'at was coming under increasing
attack by Iraqi insurgents and because of his disillusion in the military leadership
there, he's now working as a private contractor but not as an interrogator. Any audio,
anonymous. Also on our website, torture on the cheap. It's a beautiful thing. 5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 60 pound. So I'm just examining in my mind since I made that comment at the
beginning of the show. I'm not doing any more of those. Build the pool things, the
older builders. Have you noticed? Yeah. It's like a culture shock. You know, oh,
what do we do now? Because you had a really rolling there on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
with the euphemisms and the oxy morons and just the plain old everyday morons. They
were on a roll man. They thought, hey, this is heaven. WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good. Hey, Andy really had a great idea for what George Bush
should be doing. Yeah. Did you hear it? No, I did not. And see. He didn't need to get
off the campaign. You know, stop back from like a candidate and start acting like a
president and get us out of that quagmire. Put all his energy into getting us out of that
quagmire as opposed to campaigning. You know, 25. I have a suggestion for you, Andy. Hold
your breath. Okay. And here right now, we'll let you know what an exhale. We'll keep
it on your eyebrows. The chances of that happening on a scale of minus infinity are
an ink on a happen. In addition to which, how do you act like a president? Oh, you know,
put on some makeup. In other words, what he's been doing for like three years plus,
come on. It's after one at five, 60 WM, you know, buying a mattress can be so dang confusing.
So many brands and different model names that are restored. It's almost impossible to
compare plus all the phony sales. False promises and strings attached. You have to really
read the fine print, which is why dollar mattress is so amazing. It's the easiest possible
way to buy a mattress. When you call one eight hundred mattress, you'll get the best prices
on the best brands, whether you're delivery on your schedule and the best customer service
in the business. Why in the world would you want to shop for mattress, anyplace else?
Now, a mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch award for excellence
because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before during and after
the sale. When you call one eight hundred mattress and talk to one other expert bedding
consultants, you'll rest assured you're getting the best possible mattress and deal anywhere.
Choose from a complete line of silly. CERDA Simmons, King Coil, Tempropetic, and Sterren's
M. Ananas Foster too. And dollar mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kindle
to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. So do what I've been doing for a long time
call one eight hundred mattress and pick the date and to our delivery window you want that
mattress delivered. They're on time ninety nine percent of the time. Ninety nine point
seven percent is not what I just said. Yes, I'm one of the residents who satisfy customers
and I guarantee you will be two when you call them the first time at one eight hundred
mattress. Log on to their website at mattress.com. Diali mattress one eight hundred MATTRES,
the easiest possible way to get to a great night's sleep.
We're sports radio five six. You a M.
Vidmilti's version of the old west when cabboys were smelly and used five hundred
curse words for sentence. There's a new gunslayer in town to avenge the death of his
friend. Why I'm building. What you do? These parks stranger. Yeah, who did? For you.
I'm Buffalo Bear. Mommy.
He said.
Kid living in a low bill. You sure are fast on a
I wouldn't be fast if I didn't put the lotion in a
holster.
Stranger. I've been told a terror for my
nose. That's about as close as we can get to promoting the viral
article. Only on eight.
No.
One seventeen at five sixty W. D. Q. M. the man dog coming to two we're going to change
the polls now.
Oh, I already emailed the terror. I mean a fact that I did something with it. I stuck
it in that stuck it.
The already faxed to him. Here's the final result of the first poll today. What's
you take on the abusive Iraqi prisoners and obviously the audience isn't nearly
is a whipped up into a frenzy as I thought they would be. Are they? No. No. They just
read don't care.
Bush has to go three hundred and fifty nine. Chris we could have asked any we could
have asked which is the best donut and if we put Bush has to go is the first
category on here it would have won. Right. See what I'm saying.
Bush has to go three hundred fifty nine.
Romsfeld has to go one forty five. Only the abusive officer should be punished
one hundred and one. It's part of war seventy nine. I just don't give a
Schmidt sixty five eight point few percent which is depressing but probably the
honest answer and they must have deserved it thirty two four percent of almost
eight hundred vote. Here's the a new poll for the rest of the day. Much more
important obviously which is the best donut. Okay. This is something they can
sink their teeth into.
Christy cream. Don't get donuts or I hate donuts. I don't know why the other
choices. There are many many independent donut shops. Yeah but none that we
ever heard of that. I mean their individuals this is like mom's donuts pops
donuts. Yeah mom's. Don't I. Rose. Donut Joe.
You're brosie donuts by the way and everybody thought about that. Yeah.
I suppose the brosie. You suppose the brosie. No. No. Yeah. Who knows about the
brosie. Hose. Which is the best donut.
Christy cream. Dunkin donuts. All right. I hate donuts. We have no other choices.
Now naturally you can always add on to that list. But see what's going to really
piss them off as I picked another poll right away. I mean is there anything else
to really put on there. No. Not really but we'll see. Because I mean let's do
it the scientific way on our website instead of having a bunch of stupid people
calling and saying oh Christy cream. But oh don't get that. Yeah. It's just a
pathetic is what I mean we'll kill a good hour forty or one minutes. But we
ain't gonna do that. Alan King is dead. We mentioned at the beginning here was
the lung cancer. Heavy heavy smoke. He was all right. I mean he was not like really
fall down funny kind of guy but he was schmaltzly you know. 76. He's dead and
all of us. Osman is dead. She was the mama mama Sita of the whole Osman
clan. She's dead 78 after a nasty stroke. Look at that power balls 205
million. I'm gonna go win that. I'm gonna get in the car and run a car and drive
on that Ohio and win a power bowl this week and then have a good time. And then
maybe that guy would just pick up for I can drive up and give you what for. Give
you like Licky Licky all over your body. That's probably what he'd like to do. Oh
yeah. But he calls all the names in there. Just like you're seeing over there in
Iraq right now. That's what it's all about. It's closet baggering head is finest.
Somebody QAAM hello. Yes sir. I'm sorry I've never added to your polls before
but I just feel compelled. The spirit of Christ compels you go ahead. Public
bakery makes very good donut but I would never eat any there because donuts are
best for you. No I'm not asking you whether you'd eat them or not. I mean this is
not we're not gonna come and check in your cupboards and all the way might. So
look at the second covered from the right if you do. Oh that's the one okay thanks a
lot Pally. See it publics. Publics let's put publics on here we can get Josh do a
little bit of work here. Add a couple of names on right. Maybe we'll have a
list of a whole bunch of them. About 30 minutes. Like two o'clock what do you think?
I doubt it. Then we'll of course have to go and sample them all. You will have to
go. I'm not I'm not eating no donuts. I'll tell you all about it. No I don't
even care because I know crispy cream is the best number one and number two if I'm
gonna eat something outrageous like that. I'll go find me some more nestly
turtle ice cream something like that. Or maybe some rollo ice cream things.
Cones. You ever have rollo candy? Rollo cones yeah they have them. We call them
rollo but then what do we know? Is it rollo? I don't know I could be wrong.
I don't know. It's probably rollo but you know I went to school in Florida. I see
they're damn good no matter what you cone and they're gonna kill you. There's
nothing but pure sugar. Although the thing about those now if we're talking about
the same cone is that it doesn't really have a cone. The part underneath the ice
cream is all chocolate. It's solid chocolate is that what we're talking? Yeah. See
now the cone is where you find all the trans fatty acids in there so that's
probably a lot worse for you as if you're one of those ice cream cone things with
the cone is much much worse than the rollo which is pure chocolate which has
probably got more calories and more sugar but won't kill you so fast because
you don't have the trans fatty acids. Got it? Got it. Remember Dr. Kilmer McColley
Culkin, man he warned us about that stuff and that homo problem too and I look
what's happening over there in Iraq in Abel Gravenant. Somebody QAM hello? Yes sir?
With Neil please? Speaking. Oh Neil how you doing man? How about
Entomans? Entomans don't know. Oh my god how could we forget that? And Velvet Cream also
makes them. Okay the good point thank you. See I told you this is gonna now the
audience is happier. Velvet Cream which I can't read that's with a K. Yeah right
and Entomans now Entomans quite frankly I don't think I we're had an
Entomans just a donut maybe I guess I must have with all the crap I've eaten. You
know like the chocolate covered donuts are the ones that most people buy from
Entomans which are I can't wait to see the way Josh is gonna spell Entomans but
never less. Now Velvet Cream I'm trying to think that I certainly predates
Krispy Kreme by a long time but don't but Kreme where where did we find us? I don't
know. Thank. So see this I told you this was gonna open up a whole new avenue
now the audience is next to feel so bad like we've we've shut out their
creativity their their laundry list all of these things you know. All of these
right now they feel a little bit better about life and they're not so pissed off
that I'm back from vacation. Of course it could always be a range I can go right
back tomorrow sounds good. No. Why not? Don't do that. Then of course don't forget
a week from tomorrow George will be on again to just test it out make sure it
could just keep it in practice. Test out that panel of our finger are our
button pushers. WDQ way I'm hello. Mr. Donets good. Mr. Donets. Yes sir. I may
go ahead WBTA this summer. WBTA good. Well I hope we run into each other.
At least I'll run into you anyway. If I see you wouldn't surprise me if he was
here. Yeah. My my my. Blind Mike is back WBTA and but they're right Mike. Oh you'd be
perfect there man. Talk about the blind leading the blind. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8. Oh
actually you have to be working for Greg Rita would think would be a perfect fit
blind leading the blind man. Greg congratulations on the phenomenal job you
guys have been doing over there. Power 96 WQA. We couldn't have done it without
you Greg without your fantastic leadership with your hands on approach with
your real interactive thing. That's what I hear on the building he's got an
interactive thing that's what I'm hearing. I can't tell you who told me that but
you can probably imagine WDQ way I'm hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey how you know.
Pretty good. Good listen. I just say you know man the Gover Cree was on H Street
30 second Avenue across from Georgia Super Stumps another wonderful place.
8th Street and 30th. Yeah. Yeah. In Miami and Kyotl. Oh that ain't my hood.
Across from Georgia. I guess they were all over the place though.
Well it was a shame. Anyway great to have you back guys. Have a good day. Thanks
pal. I have a great day. Velvet Cream. See now we got it at Donuts. Something
people care about. Not these beatings and all this abuse and all this barbarism and crap.
All the lies. All the innocent lives being sacrificed. We don't care about that. We want to hear
about Donuts. Now we got something like I said we can seek our teeth and new, right?
That. They got crispy cream here as matter. All of I don't think I don't know. I don't think
that close by me. Thank goodness. And unlike where you are in tomorrow you don't go any
like your convenience store and find crispy cream donuts or any like local gas.
I haven't even seen any gas stations here. I don't think they can afford any.
I think they'd rather unfumes. But in in South Florida for example you go into like your
mobile station. Right. And behind the counter. Because from what I hear is crispy cream. We'll
set it up just about anywhere. If you want to have a thankful of their donuts. Yeah. A booth.
Oh, whatever it is. But what do they call it? Donut. Yeah. They'll come in and they'll set
up for you and bring your fresh every day. At least they used to until they started losing their ass.
See it goes to show you man. This whole thing with a stock market. I don't want to get started on that
again. But it's you know, hide it under your mattress. That's my best advice. Okay. Hide it under
the mattress. Don't let anybody see it or touch it in the money either. Because all of this
below me. But this is the hottest damn thing to come along. A fool in his money are soon parted.
Nobody knows that better than I do. Believe you may. In fact, when his show ends at two o'clock
today, I'm going to be making a phone call. You'll be able to hear it even off the ear from all
the way down there. Be hearing screaming and gnashing and wailing. But listening. Exactly. In fact,
I might call him. Absolutely. This bitch him out just in general principle. I spoke by the way. The
weakest link. The mole man. A grotesque book. Joe Rose showed you his ass man. He showed it right
to you. His big right. Lily. Why I ask right to your push. Let you in the dust. Mo. I'm feeling good.
So anyway, it's good thing that you told you because our fine programming staff and management
didn't bother. Joe Rose would have found a copy after this was like third day. Man, you clear
clearance and duff. You ought to be ashamed yourself. All these stuff. Anyway, clearance to get
me my checks. Hey, good news. Lobster Fest is back at the Emerald Coast. If you've never been there,
you don't know what you're missing. Not just an ordinary Asian buffet. They're all over the place.
We're talking about a gigantic feast. Emerald Coast opera sensational mouthwatering dishes. You
won't find no place else. Stuffed out with six different kinds of soups dozens of delicious
mouthwatering entrees like New York strip made order and their sizzling Asian grill along with their
new Hunan fish. Enjoy main lobster, Thermador style, Jonah crab oysters on a half shell. And they've
got hand carb primer waiting for their brand new Thai specialties to no MSG. No corn starts. They
cook only with cholesterol free oils. Soon, you never have to worry about walking out of there with
headaches. Just a big smile and a big fat puppet. There were faithfeatures of full salad bar,
full Chinese food lineup. Their brand new sushi bar and of course fresh. Seam cocktail. And if you
have any room left after all of these things, which is unlikely, but if you do, take the crow bar
and shove it into your pants and make room for some dessert because they got a full dessert station
featuring Belgian waffles pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh
fruit too. No donuts, but it's the perfect ending to a fantastic feast. Emerald Coast three locations
for you. Pembroke Pine, Sunnayals and Sunrise. Take the whole family. Book your next business
luncheon right now. Let them do the cooking for you. Take out of the available two.
Hoded number one buys it got restaurant reviews and even WSVN news. As uploaded as best Asian
buffet and I guarantee you they're right. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 4
information about the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
His deputy Mustafa Al-Dia Kubey and 963 other names we can't even pronounce.
If you want to see a consutory that's complete full of GIs, you won't want to miss
Lava Fallujah and coming later this summer it's Gaza fest starring Osama Osborn.
12 132 at 5 60 WQAM 58 votes on a second poll now this is the important one.
Now you notice how I did that purposely donut can be spelled DOUGH and also DONUT right?
Oh we got it. Mixed and matched all over the place which is the best donut.
Krispy Kreme 26 which is clearly the best answer the right answer. 26 I hate donuts 13.
Dunkin' donuts 12. Publix 3. Endermans 2. In Velvet Creams got a pair. They have two.
How can it be that close? Well there's a lot of people with bad taste I guess and don't forget
Dunkin' donuts is for Graham. 567-0560, pound 566 on the AT&C and Verizon Wireless Line.
Come to QAM hello. Hello. Yes sir.
I'm Clonail. Yes I am. God loves you sir. I just wanted you to listen to your bid you played the
day that has Cartman on it. You forgot to believe just before it speeds up. Yeah. Have a good day.
Okay. What is he talking about? Whatever I don't know. Yeah there was a belief that he thought
should have been somewhere. Well we don't really care okay sir so just leave this.
Remember the other year. Yeah well when we have auditions for people to sit on that long table
at the panel with the yellow square buttons. We'll let you know okay. A few months away.
567-0560, pound 566 on the AT&C and Verizon Wireless Line.
WBQAM hello. QAM hello. All right. Sam just punching all over the place just just to check it out.
QAM. Yes sir. There is no doubt anybody's literate or illiterate mind. It's got to be Dunkin' Donuts.
Well how about if we try holding the candle to your door?
Right. And then you can sympathize with those poor raki prisoners over there too.
What kind of an idiotic comment was that he sounded kind of militant about it too. He sounded like one
of them guys. I guess in the trailer parks they probably liked Dunkin' Donuts a lot when you think.
Or now the trailer parks they probably bring home the public's brand by the dozen you know.
WBQAM hello. Jesus whoa buddy.
WBQAM hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir. Yeah won't you marry me to Kennedy G. Go?
WBQAM hello. Yes I agree with that last call. If George is deaf again he needs to be put.
WBQAM hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir. How about Hostess and Drake's cakes?
What was the second one? Drake's cakes. What the hell is that?
New York thing maybe. Don't know. Never heard of it. But Hostess is around here. The Hostess
with the most is put Hostess on it and make them feel better. I thought Hostess made cupcakes.
So I guess they made cupcakes. They probably make brownies. Things like that. And Donuts.
He sounded like a brownie hound to me. 25 till 2. Now here is the book spinning on the
axis of evil America's war against Iraq which I know that all the intellectual people in the
audience are going to be rushing to the bookstore to buy it by Scott Taylor. It's a paperback.
You might actually be able to afford it but I doubt it. Spinning on the axis of evil America's
war against Iraq by best selling off the award winning journalist Scott Taylor. If you read one
of all these books that are out today this is the one you need to read. Okay. Got it. I'll even bring
it back and loan it to you. Loan it and then I want it back. It's just it's just all in there.
It just tells you everything you need to know. If you really want to know and of course most people
would rather not know they'd rather be in the dark. I don't know. How about Tim Horton? What is it?
Tim Horton. So Tim Horton's Donuts. Now we're talking a. I'll ride. How could I forget
it and Tim Horton? Yeah put it on there just for fun. Maybe a couple of connox will be voting for
Tim Horton's. How the least do them by the way? So yeah fairly significant moderator on the buzz.
Other yeah buzz this okay. I wonder they're all drinking after that last Philly game. And anyway
it's all over and it's probably just as well you know. I know you're pretty excited about the
finals right? Conference finals. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T in Verizon world
of China. Certainly they're the world's man Canada went in the world tournament over there in Europe.
Why are they going to give it up already? It's getting a little bit stale and old just too much of a good thing.
Somebody QA him hello. Does David still exist? That's a good question I don't know. I don't think so.
You don't think so? There was one on eighth street they tore it flat down to the ground and the one in
the floor and the one in Coral Gables has been gone for a while. Krispy Kreme rules.
All right now there's somebody with good taste thanks a lot sweetheart Krispy Kreme rules.
Well put the I mean velvet cream at least once upon a time it did exist. What's the question again?
Which is the best donut? Maybe they got some petrified that they've been hanging on to for a long time.
Maybe they put them in the freezer. Very nothing like a good uh well I was going to say chocolate
clear but you know what's even better than that is cream puffs. Oh yeah those are good. I haven't
had one of those in a coons age man a cream puff. I don't believe you. I haven't I don't know
how do you find those even a cream puff. I'm going to start placing this station. There are?
Oh well that's another story. No no seriously. Where would you go to find a good like chocolate
a clearer cream puff? What kind of a bakery? There aren't really a lot of good bakeries. What?
In Hollywood we have some like French bakeries and stuff like that that are very good.
On the Dam Rack in Amsterdam they have a French bakery man where they they're lined up at 738
o'clock in the morning for the all across Johnson all I have stuff they make in the morning.
They make like those little tiny pizzas on whatever the hell kind of French bread unbelievable.
I thought I'm eating them you do understand and just watching everybody else eating them.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM hello. Hey the south
forward more good. I need to stop faxing 20 page fax. Sorry sorry. Sorry.
Go ahead sir don't let your just step on your material. That's okay. I got two. One was
I don't know if they still make donuts but does a raw castle make donuts? They do?
I think so. They never heard of that. Yes they do have bakery there because they used to have the
little. Get out of here right? A bakery at raw castle? Not a bakery but they actually have the
donuts and they're the Boston cream donuts. I know with the white frosting on the top.
I'll be there. That sounds good. The one in North Miami I think it's around 12
to after. It's not like that. Wayne Arnold's. Wayne Arnold that's it. That's it.
And that's all I have to contribute today. Okay thank you and have a great day now.
What were you saying about the guy from where? A Southbrower brokerage or mortgage brokerage or
a 20 freaking page fax of what? Crap. George Tenant's agenda for the next century or something like that.
Oh god stop already. Stop trying to save the world. It's just a freaking radio show. Okay we're
trying to do the best to put out little information there for you to read some ponderous articles to
kill four hours of your meaniest life every day. I have no one. The South Florida which pretty soon
is going to be like a it's going to be like a steam fact read on there pretty soon. What's the
temperature? Not about 89 in the shade. Not really. It was quite nice last night and not bad today.
10th of May. Well you just wait Mr. Wayne. You see nothing yet. Like I said pretty soon.
Like in about a half an hour. It's going to be smoldering.
21 till 2 at 5 speaking to half an hour gym manager be longer to a clock this afternoon. The highly rated
afternoon boys. You manage Hank Goldberg had a big book. We had a big book. Joe Rose had a big book.
In fact the weakest link was five day in the morning man, especially those six to eight hours of
discretion embarrassment to QAM. We're still waiting for Tom Jiggett to write his piece about the ratings.
You know you're pretty disappointing Tom. I'm not talking to him anymore either because that last
time you know when I try to get the thing out about stop FCC and all that jazz and he still miscoated
me again. Put the thing in the paper about well the station is every a few minutes they keep taking
something. That's not what I said at all about the station taken stuff away. It's because of the FCC
rulings. It's because of what's happening to freedom of speech that we used to have once upon a
time a little bit of Tom. But you can't get it right. Can you Tommy? So perfect for South Florida
man just like Howard Cohen at the Harold. Perfect match. Big one or six. And in fact when you think that
this rating book if the only thing he wrote about was during going off the year in the market
and big one or six taking his gigantic tumble wouldn't that alone be worth it? We could mention
some of the other numbers in passing but doesn't that make for like an important article? No. Excuse
me. 141 at 560 WQM. Spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car
truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead. They're on US one just 20 minutes out of the 836. Armstrong
Toyota homestead is worth the drive no matter where you're hanging out because they're going to save
you so much cash. They will literally save you thousands and thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out the great least deals waiting for you right now. They got an 04 camera or four runner for
just 269 a month for 48 months and 04 highlander you pay just 309 a month if you need a truck. How about
an 04 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America just 179 a month for 48 months. And these are just
a few of the great savings waiting right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. General manager David
Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to get you into a new Toyota day. So
experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference. They're locally owned and
operated committed to 100% customer satisfaction to the service department is even open late to late. We
nice to make sure they get all your work done free and done right easy to find them. They're right on
the corner of US one and 2.93th Street in homestead just 20 minutes out of the 836 and wait till you hear this
good news Armstrong Toyota homestead offers you free tires batteries and replacement lights
apart for the life of your vehicle. That's right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody
know where does that. So don't waste your time at the big mega dealers and car drives who give you
the big son to dance screaming shout and then get you into their dealerships under false pretenses
only let you down. Call David Rich. He's the GM the guy you want to talk to at Armstrong Toyota of
homestead. Call him a 305 2 4 2 3 2 4 7 for an unbeatable deal for real. 305 2 4 2 3 2 4
4 7. Drive a little and save a lot of that green new Toyota Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
Absolutely.
I need to lie across the country. I'm up to steam out get sand splared.
In love I'm going to resist the affair. So you're keeping the silly day and one of my lovesick.
And hope is more than to the trick.
Last one has to be chased. No girl for wearing lace.
No big brother. No special effects for people born into their mommy's place.
A trigon just records all across the USA.
trade Oh
It was a hit and that is really but passion still be one of the things
Not one has to be chased
No girls will ever lay
No late father's a special
People fall into them on the flag
147 at 560 WQM. I think tomorrow what we're gonna do is do just do a complete turnaround
Okay, because it's taking us all of these years
We finally figured out what the South Florida audience responds to what they just lap up
I mean they they will phone in by the millions if he gives something to sink their teeth into how about something really easy like
What's the favorite product at the public's oh boy like
Velvita cheese or
How many thousand products can you think about 30,000 we can get in fact that can curious right into August
I would think name some food
That's not a bad idea
In fact, I'll make it even more specific name some food you like and then the next day we can do names some foods
You don't like would be good of course brand names naturally
How are we doing on the donut trail and of course this is all inspired by Josh and blame him because he had the interpret
Comment earlier about like in Dunkin Donuts better than crispy cream
Which I thought that was like a revolutionary to say that. Oh, we'll say this on American yes
Dunkin Donuts has other things like coffee coffee very good and then I can't drink coffee make my stomach explode like an H bomb
I can't say that once and whatnot. Yeah, so other they have croissants. Oh, yeah, they're very good to and they you know they make croissant sandwiches
croissant which is the I thought it's burglar king makes well likewise
Croissant which is without the egg or with how come we never got that back in the days when D for was working
And speaking of D for how did the WF the other that's another station that doesn't show up in the market
850 members in sarni sin all you savvy sports fans out there will punch a button up to 850 a program your button a 50 you're an idiot sarni mirror total puts
God he looks like a putty walks like a putty is a putty in sarni at the Sunsino other idiot
He listed the numbers that the muffin several days ago and never mentioned my name though
This show doesn't exist because it's not a sports show see
So even though we had the highest number on the station as usual
Uh, it didn't it didn't make it into sarni's column because we don't do a sports show
You know nothing about radio probably don't even oh, I probably hangs out with Howard Cohen from the herald at two of them probably doing something
129 votes
Best donut crispy cream 68 duck and donuts 23 which is just ludicrous josh
I hate donuts 22 and amans donuts six public donuts five velvet cream four well
Either much old farce with a good memory or maybe this one store around somewhere just because it doesn't exist in those neighborhoods
Where they said you know like in little havana our humans bigger than donuts. I would think so why not
The greasy right they're fried fried and greasy sure no beans though
Tim Horton's donuts one and host this donuts don't have any yet. I think we just invented something really new and great
crispy cream donuts with beans with refried beans all right
Hmm for synchro denial what's not to like five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WQAM hello
Pretty good pali
Late entry every are best eaten donuts no
I was up in New England before Duncan don't it stuck over never heard
Neil do you think wolfie or romney are gonna step down. This is just getting disgusting not I am
No, no, you think anybody
um, I mean below the cabinet is gonna take a hit for this or
I mean absolutely they're gonna find some scapegoats you bet right but I mean not just the pfc all I know I noticed that
um
Chuck Hagel said today that who's of course is a Republican he said that he thinks
Uh, it's getting closed rum so I may have to go
It's gonna have to roll and you'll keep the good work up. Thanks pali
Has it got a roll but in the meantime there's only one head that needs to roll that's in November and don't look too promising because John
Kerry continues being really scary. We just can't find him. We can't seem I don't I'm not even sure he's still around
You know, he may have just still left
He may have gone on hiatus road. You know that new one that they're building that they can't seem to get over and finished
That maybe where John Kerry is hanging it out because he just uh absent here's the opportunity to go in for the see he doesn't have the
I don't know how he beat Dean. I'll say it again. I think that that whole thing was fixed
How did he come from absolutely nowhere to win all those primary? I saw it too
I mean what was that all about what what what precipitated that
Besides the course the great scream and then of course the biggest mistake of them all
When we got to see judy dean that was the real
killer
I think that means kite I haven't played that in a long time. I think we can still play that we don't I think she says
Two or three times and by the way on that uh south park thing you like
What a bunch of knuckleheads what that you know what that punk was trying to say I have no life
That's what he was trying to say somebody q a.m. Hello. Hey Neil how are you pretty good?
First of all, I got a second your uh your choice those uh donut shops and Amsterdam
There's one right on dam rack right right now. Let's tell that I stay at I mean I go there you stay at the Swiss hotel
That's exactly where I stay. How did I know because it's almost right like on the other side of McDonald's and I always get the same room
211 because I have a balcony
Well the windows they open up right on to dam square right
out at all the people and throw joints down to them
Also, uh, but those places that that set one o'clock in the morning
I would get four or five donuts and bring them back to the room with me
Uh, but also that guy who called about Drake they're the ones who make ring dings devil dogs
Uh those things that the I think we sound think we say ringding anymore. I think it's on the list or devil you dog now god forbid
Anyway, uh, and uh I'm not a material man. Thanks. Thanks a lot to zines
Yeah, do we
152 at 560 W.A.M.
And local
This is sports radio 560
Florida now award from Howard Dean's wife hi
Hello there, hand actor Julia Steinberg. Quite a presidential candidate. How it didn't you can call me juli
Not judge juli. That's a different risqu people want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with how it hey
Did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I made crap a bison and look like a shane a poon him
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much yiddish, huh?
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mischegas
For those of you who don't take a piece the yiddish that means crap
How is a good guy though? He's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him
I remember one time one of our kids left the cap off of the toothpaste
I thought he was gonna blow a gasket
Zaveins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were gone in the corners of his mouth
Event my sugar. I spent 23 years with the shagitz most of the time he's a man. But on occasion I hate him
I think my husband how he would make for a very good president
One of the things I'm a little p.o. about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV
I want to watch section the city. I got a schlep down to campaign headquarters
To the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set
I have never seen any program in color. So I'm no Jackie Kennedy
Hell if you look at me. I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't want to make up. I'm like a whisker away from being amish
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints
Anyway, Gazagazont that's yiddish for that to judistine work over and out
People are by the committee to elect John Kerry president
Don't forget tomorrow it's gonna be a name some food that on Wednesday and in some people
Ha ha ha
And then Thursday name some dead people, huh?
Oh, they don't really get Moao ban on a ship remember that time we did
I did a pull on the dead people and he's doing a show about dead people and he's getting bigger waiting
So I'm getting a blah blah blah blah
If you do this about it now Mo is that everybody's getting bigger waiting
Is the new or even the test pattern so you don't have to feel bad. It don't take it personal unless you want to
They just all hate you moan. That's so what it that's what the deal is
Anyway, which is the best donut? That's a very important pull. We're taking right now
We're getting the food stuff. We take it very cereal
169 votes crispy cream 90. I hate donuts 29. That's kind of surprising
Perfect aren't you shocked? Well, how do you hate it donut? I don't know you just scream at the whole
Dunkin donuts 28 Entomans donuts 10 publics donuts 5 velvet cream for him hortons three votes for Tim Hortons
And host is donuts a making a cut yet
Bye bye
Today big money big gift big deal
