There's a song thatanza finally thrills me and is suddenly out of theâys and the
خolio cllssphмаola dosix fg
La stocia c heal
Da langrele
to the fire, to the end, to the oil company.
Here she is, the water test of fire,
to the truth, won't set a free fire.
It's 1003 at 560 WDQIM.
She don't want to testify, but she will tomorrow.
I'm thinking that we could pull a pretty good scam
here again tomorrow, too.
She's going to be testifying for two hours.
And don't you think that people who can't be
near their radios tomorrow, or near their TV sets,
would want to hear that, wouldn't you think?
I think that would be nice.
That would be great.
By the way, Zach is with us today.
Zach's going to give us the real inside stories
of how we got shoved off the Mohawar David Achilles.
Absolutely.
You can honor that Jew boy that they brought down from New York
from the fan.
Well, you know, one good Jew boy deserves another.
Anyway, 2005 votes on yesterday's pool,
based on all that's happened,
what's your current take on the war in Iraq?
You people that voted, I supported 100%
and you people really need mental help.
Also, in the ones who say they think it had to be done
but was poorly planned, it had to be done based on, yeah.
Anyway, it was based on lies and Bush
would be impeached 1224, 61% of that.
I think it had to be done but was poorly planned, 211.
It was based on lies 209.
Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed
by the Bush crowd, 180, and you can't even keep track
anymore to be honest with you.
I supported 100% 136 based on, yeah, I guess that,
based on nothing.
And I'm not sure yet, 45, we just, we always have to have
that 2% who can't figure it out no matter what the question is.
So let's see, 61, 71.4 and 8.9, but over 80%.
So at least have enough common sense in this crowd
to realize that this is a, just like human sacrifices
what it is.
It's all it is.
As a matter of fact, we always get the bad news
out of the way in the beginning.
Come on to give people too depressed.
US military helicopter crashed today
and was seen burning in the central Iraqi city
of Bakobah where she had militiamen and American troops
were fighting.
There was no media word on casualties yet.
The crash came immediately after an explosion was heard
so it was probably a shot down.
But we're still waiting for word on the casualties there
if there were any.
US forces battling Sunni insurgents in Fallujah
apparently hit a mosque filled with people today
and witnessed as many as 40 people were killed.
It's a great that we're bringing peace and order to Iraq.
I like that.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
It's called Emancipation by decapitation is what it's called.
Right.
Wow.
And of course we all know this really bad news.
American forces in Iraq came under fierce attack.
Yesterday was as many as 12 Marines killed in Ramadi
near Baghdad.
And it just goes on and on.
Pretty soon the count will be 700.
That will be 800.
And I keep thinking about oh and on the CDC last night
they show some footage that you won't see on the American
networks.
Some of the footage from last week,
whether we're hanging the corpses and dragging the bodies.
They were just dragging bodies through the streets.
In Fallujah they were dragging body parts,
bloody body parts.
It was disgusting crap.
You could ever begin to imagine.
And they ought to be showing that on TV on the American
networks every hour on the arrow we should be seeing that.
You know, hell of a lot more than Janet's booby.
How many million times did we see that?
Thirty million times we saw Janet's booby.
But in the meantime, the real brood,
the sickness of this whole business that's going on over there,
they have to shield the public from that because they might be upset.
They might be offended by it.
I like seeing the booby though.
There you go.
It's nice, everyone.
Just watch yourself.
Don't get a little bit too carried away here today because you already
said more in the first five minutes than B said the last two days.
What is his problem?
He had too much food in his mouth.
That was a problem yesterday.
That's what Clarence says that damn B's has always got something in his mouth.
Anyway, here's a great news.
See, let's immediately put up, put up in the backburner all that bad news
because the public wants to be shielded from that.
Here's the good news.
California voters say to Walmart.
How do you like that?
All right.
Voters in Ingolwood, California, an LA suburb rejected a ballot measure that
would have allowed Walmart to build a warehouse-sized store while
scirting zoning traffic and environment reviews.
Walmart, they're the anti-Christ.
They're the Chupa Cobra and the anti-Christ.
Make no mistake about it.
With 25% of the, with 25% of the 29 precincts reporting,
Ingolwood voters oppose the initiative.
65.7% voted and only 34.2% voted.
No, it's probably the people that were going to be working there at Walmart.
All those illegal aliens.
So they just said no to Walmart, which is a real good idea for all you shoppers out there.
Just say to Walmart, they're the anti-Christ, they make me nauseous.
What about Tarje?
I've never shopped in Target, but the George likes it.
I like Tarje.
You shopped at Tarje?
Every once in a while I go with the moms.
Oh, by the way, Operation Vigilant Resolve.
Have you heard that?
No, what's that?
That's every now.
We've had all these different things in the military, like the give all these cute names
to these brutal and grotesque operations that go on.
So this business of cleaning up now as starting with Fallujah,
and we're going to go in there, Paul Bremmer said,
and this will not go on answered, and all this other garbage that's going on now.
Operation Vigilant Resolve is the name of it.
Big words?
Yeah.
We had Operation Desert Storm, Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation Desert Resolve,
Operation Onura Yamama, and a lot of operations,
if they had the hospitals working which they didn't.
But anyway.
Today's pull-quail before we get to the pool.
Guess who's on well already, Tarje?
The beaded curtain.
If you're over the age of 70 and you can prove it,
and if John Ascroft don't give you the thumbs down,
because you'll see his picture with MbDS.
Wait until I get to the pornography story.
With all the stuff that's going on in the world today,
what is the administration fighting pornography?
All right.
Millions and millions of your tax dollars to fight porn.
Because we're going to bring decency back to America,
whether you wanted or not.
How do you like that?
I think I spent millions and millions of dollars in porn too.
The beaded curtain today is Marilyn Monroe.
Oh my gosh.
How do you like that?
When she was still alive, no less.
We could have put some of the...
Look at that.
There's Marilyn.
I don't think that's really a very good picture.
Are you looking at it?
No, no right now.
I am.
It'll do.
That's okay.
That's all right.
Probably not the greatest nude picture.
But there she is with all those boobies.
How do you like that, John Ascroft?
Well, we got boobies, but you must be over the age of 110
and have 45 pieces of ID and have written notes
from your great-grandparents and from Ema Sumak,
whoever the hell she was.
Otherwise, you can't look at it.
Okay, the poll question today,
we're going to have the audience help us out.
I haven't put any choices on here.
Now, the obvious ones, I already know who they're going to be,
but let me leave it to the audience.
Which of these people makes you want to puke
when you see them on TV?
And only one.
Okay, one reads perred, because otherwise,
not just a bunch of names of people you see on TV
that you don't like.
Which of these people most makes you want to puke
when you see them on TV?
You know what I mean?
In fact, I will put one down there, okay?
All right.
Rosie O'Donnell.
Yeah, she could be up to three.
Totally.
She is the most obnoxious.
There's just, I can't look at her.
She makes me want to vomit.
She just is nauseating.
Oh, God.
How does she ever own show?
She did have her own show.
I don't know, because the women of America
have very bad taste.
They have to.
Oprah?
Yeah.
No talent.
Rosie.
I mean, look at what they watch.
The women of America have the worst taste of any group of people
in the world.
Administration wages war on pornography.
Here's the good news that all you people out there have been waiting for,
all you right-wingers.
Hallelujah, baby.
Obscenity, for the first time in ten years,
the US government spending millions to file charges across the country.
We'll get to it.
Also, residents hustle to fight Larry Flynn's sex shop.
You know where they want to build Larry Flynn's sex shop
and for a lot of deal?
Of course, that.
You remember the landmark peaches there on sunrise?
Yeah, right on sunrise.
Yeah, it's a bit of a...
The Ray Flynn wants to open a sex shop there.
That would be great.
Very classy kind of thing where they have like, you know,
coffee latte.
You know, like a, like all those fancy,
schmancy bookstores that they open.
I like that.
That's a good idea.
Only a adult kind of a bookstore.
But the residence in the area, like,
oh, no, you can't do that.
Non-fictory of park.
The world where those queens are.
I mean, and on top of this,
because it's all coming down really fast now,
Bill Frist, who's a really anxious right-wing schmuck,
who's a real f***hole.
Am I right?
He's attempting to work out a deal with Democrats
to limit debate on legislation that would increase the fines
people pay for broadcasting smut
so that a vote on the bill could come tomorrow.
While everybody's paying attention to kind of leads in a moral,
while they're all being deflected,
they're looking away to kind of Lisa,
talking through that gap in her teeth,
they're going to try to like shove this through the indecency bill.
So every time you say,
right, it's going to be $50 trillion or whatever,
whatever arbitrary number they come up with.
And the words, of course, also be arbitrary.
They'll decide what words you can and cannot say.
Can you say f***ing now?
I don't, in fact, I think you know what,
they've added one on there.
That wasn't on the bill yesterday,
since yesterday's show, you know what it is?
Which one?
BAP!
Can't say that.
Oh man.
$45 million fine each time you play it.
BAP!
So we better play it a lot.
A lot.
You get it on our assistant.
Wow.
So we got an old Oprah,
and I was at your choice?
That's where we're on there.
Yeah, I'm on for that also.
Must have taken a Herculean effort to throw the harass around.
Boy, I'll tell you, if we were getting paid by the pound,
an Oprah and Rosie, that's a good start.
What about yesterday if we were paid by the pound?
Yeah, that's true.
You and me in the beast, that was really something.
You could feel the trembling.
Maybe that was the 55,000 Marlon fans at the mall park yesterday.
Oh!
They were at Marlon's 4-3 opening.
They victory against the Montreal Expose.
Wow.
I love that.
55,000 plus, I loved it more than anybody.
That two hour show yesterday,
you talk about getting used to something easy.
That was just fabulous, is what it was.
We have two of those today.
We have two of what?
Two of them two hour shows.
I'll take a little break.
Oh boy.
What a putz.
Anyway, 12 minutes after 10 to 5,
60 WQM.
What have we got on the agenda day?
We got the mad dog, two to four, at the masters in Augusta.
I guess there will be a lot of white people there.
Then the Hebrew hammer will be on it for at the arena.
It says at the Mime heat.
I guess at the Yentra arena there in the Dade County.
The Tripoli.
Marlon's on deck at 6.30.
The Expose at the Marlon 705.
Tonight's the litmus test.
Let's see how many people show up tonight.
Anybody can show up opening day.
Let's see how many people show up tonight.
I won't be happy unless there's at least 30,000.
30,000, right?
There's not going to be that much.
No way.
It can't be the base volume.
30,000, no excuses.
Kids are out of school.
It's a vacation for a lot of people.
Anyway, if you're in a dead end job like most of the people at QAM,
if you're underpaid and overworked like most of those folks,
how'd you like to get yourself a new high-paying career?
You don't have to have a lot of cash to go to college or the four years to waste.
All you have to do is make one easy call to our friends at Fast Train and 1-866, Fast Train.
Fast Train can have your train insur defined for a great high-paying computer network professional career.
And they can do it.
Here's the best part in as short a time as four easy months.
You can be fully trained already for that new career in just four short months.
And Fast Train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule no matter what you be doing,
no matter how often you're standing up here in the street corner with your thumb out.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance, financial aid to people who qualify.
And with seven convenient floor locations, there's bound to be a fast train close by you.
So don't wait.
Pick up that phone or call them today because in just four short months, you can be well on your way
to a great new high-paying career in that big fat paycheck you've always wanted.
Check them out on the way to fast train.com and then make that call.
Get off your ass and do it.
1-866, Fast Train.
My life and love.
This is Forth Radio 560.
You ain't way in.
Holy Makin' on.
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Hey Dad.
What are you doing home?
I'm downloading porn, drinking beer in a chat room and violating myself.
Now you can see me here and feel the internet has never before.
Go ahead, work from room, download Big Vile Stacks.
So switch to Verizon for not much more than dial out.
But be careful, this is really powerful stuff.
Oh my goodness.
Well thanks for the internet.
I'm now bored with sex.
For Verizon.
Link progress every day.
10-18 at 560 WDQ.
Let's get some more names on it.
Let's be before we do anything else.
Okay, 560-705-60.
Count 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
What person makes you want to puke most when you turn on the TV and you see them?
You see that image.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, let's fuck me up.
Speaking.
Nail, I'm a couple for your bowl.
A couple?
Well, I have one and my wife asked me to put one on the list of them.
Okay.
How about that?
Talented generous and that dikey snorey.
Spell keys, Norey?
Spell keys, Norey, that's it.
Okay, thanks a lot, Palli.
Spell keys, Norey.
You got to even how to spell that, right?
Dikey snorey.
P-E-L-K-Y-S.
Spell keys, Norey.
And who was the other one?
L-N-D Generate.
Getting a lot of dikes on this bowl so far.
You know what?
I thought dikes were in, but not ugly disgusting dikes.
I'm not talking about Spell keys, Norey, of course.
I don't know what her story is, nor do I care.
But she does make me nauseous.
You got to be good looking, at least.
I-I can have already put a hundred people on this list myself very easy, but I figured
let the audience do it, give them something to do, give them something to sink their teeth
in the new day.
Before we take any more, though, Zach is going to tell us about how we got really shoved
off the mohawai davidid show so Moe could put a family friend in his place on his show,
right?
Um, sure.
Yeah, well tell us all about it.
Come on, don't spit it out.
Waaah!
Well, I was getting to the point where I needed to get another job to get more.
No, no, no, if you're going to do that again, I was curious.
That's an area again.
The truth of the matter was, is that I couldn't wake up this early and be able to get another
job.
Yeah, I told Howard that.
Yeah.
And he said, well, you know, I need someone to, you know, work for me and, you know, be
here early.
Okay, I'm sorry, I asked.
What would he mean?
See, I know the real story, and that's not the real story.
That was the real story.
No, it is not the real story, okay?
What?
You were going off an ensure whether you had to get up or not.
Now, you know that as well as I do.
Well, that's more information than I know.
I see.
Okay.
It's not what you told me when I was down there, but at any rate, see, this is the way
that we got a bunch of pansies down there who just don't want to come on a year and tell
it like it is.
Now, you told me before the show, you were going to like spit it right out.
You said, yeah, just like that, you said.
And once again, but it beat, it's, it's, you got naked pictures of you and, uh,
guilty or something.
What's the deal?
I hope not.
I'll set you a bunch of pansies.
Anyway, speaking of pansies, Bill says, Kiano Reeves, he hates that, uh,
fucking guys, what he says in his facts.
Kiano Reeves.
I mean, I'm not a big Kiano Reeves fan, but, uh, but hey, we'll put them all on there.
We got to build that list, right?
Come and have about a thousand names on here.
And of course, didn't take too long.
Our good friend Mike says, Rick San, I love this comment.
He says it comes out both ends when I see him.
Rick San, he is nice going, Mike, you're the best, baby.
Of course, the other one I can't play anyone.
And of course, it didn't take too long either.
George W. Bush, he'll president, he says, makes me hurl and puke and toss my cookies,
this year.
Oh, PSI, haven't been to a Walmart in nine years.
I never will.
Nice going, she wrote you go, girl.
She hasn't been to a Walmart in, yeah, years.
In fact, if she did go this, she probably went into Robert Grieper who would be handing out bush for president,
the stickers, probably slap one right on her car.
The carman's car.
Yeah, what a, what a little Nazi man.
What a self-hating Nazi, Robert Grieper, who by the way is going to be leaving us in about 15 years.
He keeps threatening, this is the longest departure in history of broadcasting.
I've never seen anybody keep threatening believe as long as Robert the Grieper creeper.
I heard it's been like six years since he's been trying to leave.
Oh, yeah.
Of course, who else would hire a functional misfit like him anyway?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Now, what's this time of Rick San, says George W. Bush, you getting these, Josh?
I don't want to go too fast for you now.
Yeah, they're on there because we got that Emerald Coast spot coming up next and we want you to be ready.
All the way, we have new copy for that that goes on like about a half an hour.
Come to the assing.
QAM, huh?
Yeah, Uncle Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I just came back from New York and I saw Michael Moore on Sunday at a workshop.
You saw him, yes?
Yeah, he had a lot of good things to say and he's coming out with a movie in the summer.
I know if you've heard about it in the nearest hour.
Yes, I have.
A hot's coming out right before the election, which I can't wait.
Yes, Fahrenheit 9-11.
And he just had a lot of good things to say.
But one thing that he got me thinking about was that hopefully that these kids won't have had to die in vain.
If America will wake up and kick this moron out of office.
And the person that I got for your poll, like, that thing, you know.
Even if they do get them out of office, they still die in vain.
They died based on lies.
Erie, there is so much blood on this president's hands and everybody else who supports him, it's unbelievable.
It's unconscionable.
It is unconscionable.
I try and, you know, at least make a little spin on it.
At least maybe we get that freedom we could try and turn things around.
But the person that definitely makes me hurl is Bob Novak.
Bob Novak's in magnificent choice.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
Have a great day.
Bob Novak.
Oh.
Try this again tomorrow for a crossfire.
Yeah.
He just say, uh.
Oh, man.
Oh, you've seen him, haven't you?
Yep.
Attempting to be a broadcaster, which he's absolutely not.
Try it to be.
Another British job.
A crossfire.
I'm angry.
Catch it, you tell him.
Right wing lunatic.
He ought to be in jail.
He ought to be on death row for outing Valerie Plain.
But nothing happens.
And of course, how's that investigation coming?
Anybody here?
No.
Oh.
Yeah.
WQM.
Hello.
Neil God.
Speaking.
If people know who she is, this is the winner.
Gloria Allwood.
That lawyer from California.
Yes, she always wears that same red dress.
She brought it from Nancy Reagan by the way.
Uh, she just, when I see her, I just want to run to the bathroom.
Okay.
Hey, also a voice from your past says hello.
Good morning.
Good morning.
The door lady.
Oh, the door lady.
Hi, door lady.
Thanks a lot, Pallee.
Gloria Allred.
Got it?
Got it.
Not all these any way you want.
Because I'm sure that, you know, we don't care about that.
We're spelling them phonetically.
And we can get the, Eric can put this up there now.
And Eric can just get lost.
You know, he can go and relax, have a nice lunch.
Because he's under a lot of stress.
He's under a lot of work for us.
And he did all that extra work on that stop FCC, uh, that whole thing, which I'm so sorry we got.
You know, it was good intentions.
Very good intentions.
We don't really have time even to do anything because Bill Frist is trying to jam that through on, uh, tomorrow.
Jam it through the Senate, the indecency bill.
This business about waging war on pornography and about the whole Larry Flinth thing.
This is just, uh, just more of the same before you have time to even speak up.
They're just going to take away all your rights.
So this business about winning freedom for the Iraqis, which is a pile of crap and winning freedom for anybody else.
At the same time that they're taking all your freedoms away.
For listen to what you want to watch what you want to read what you want to go online and see what I'm telling you.
There is no question when you hear this story about the waging war on pornography.
I might read the whole thing.
It's long, but you need to hear all of it.
They want to go after even even soft core stuff that's on cable.
They want it off the air.
They want everything off the air that doesn't have the John Ackross squeal of approval right on it.
Maybe Geldin can get a job there with Ackross.
He can put his squeal of approval. That's okay.
You know, in the skit of Mac stuff, are you late at night?
Forget about it.
They want all of it off.
That's terrible.
Isn't that pathetic?
It is pathetic.
I hope that Larry Flinth gets the, just to get pissed off enough to make sure that he gets that book out this summer.
The one about bush getting the abortion for that broadening knocked up in Texas.
And driving her to the abortion clinic and then paying for the abortion.
We knew about that before the 2000 election, but for some reason Larry Flinth kind of climbed up.
You know what I mean?
Even when he talks, he kind of, oh, it climbs up too.
I think it might have been that bullish that's done it.
So we'll get into all of that.
26 past 10 at 560 WDQYM.
Get your tonsils all tuned up here, Josh.
I think I'm sure it must say shrimp in here somewhere.
Let me take a look.
This copy, let me start now because we'll be done by about 1130.
Lomster Fest is back at the Emerald Coast.
If you've never been there, you don't know what you're missing.
Not an ordinary Asian buffet.
The service is impeccable and you'll never leave on an empty stomach either.
That I guarantee you.
And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids six and under eat for free at the Emerald Coast right now.
How do you like that?
In addition, Emerald Coast still offers you all of their sensational mouthwatering dishes.
Start out with your, the likeable eating experience with any of six different soups.
This is the worst piece of copy I've ever seen in my life.
Then Sample dozens of succulent entrees New York strip made order with their seasoning Asian grill.
Along with a new Hunan fish.
Enjoy main lobster thermidor style, Jonah crab oysters on a half shell.
And if you still have room, try the hand-carved prime rib, their new Thai specialties.
The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living too.
They use no MSG, no cornstarch, and cook only with cholesterol for your oils.
The buffet features a full salad bar, a full Chinese food lineup, their brand new sushi bar, and fresh, seen cocktail.
See, it's only in there once I think this time, so just take a rest.
And because you're a big pig like Zach there, for example, you'll probably be able to waddle over to the dessert station,
even after all of those things, and try out the Belgian waffles and pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream without your favorite topics,
even fresh fruit, the perfect ending to a gigantic pig out.
And believe you me, we got the pigs to enjoy it.
Emerald Coast, three locations there in sunrise, sunny aisles and tempered pines.
So take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now.
And don't forget to fill out a membership cards so you can receive a monthly newsletter too.
Let him do the cooking for you. Take on delivery always available too at the Emerald Coast, called 954-5723822.
954-5723822 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
My, my, and local, this is 430560, the way you weigh in.
We, we, thanks for tuning in, man. Neil Rogers is next.
Okay, dude. See you later, man.
See you, Joe.
Those are bikes, don't you?
You're now too touched on that hoodie.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Get my way, man.
I should out of my way.
There's a fight.
Oh, baby.
There's a fight.
Oh, boy.
One more now.
Now all of you, put that out.
Now, give me Carlos in here.
Okay.
I will be.
If that always something, right?
What is it, Mo?
How's it? You'll pay Mr. Jingle balls and reception more than anybody else here.
Well, who better to represent an all-gay sport-hole station?
And beside, she frightens me.
All right, everyone.
Let's break this up right now, or I'll show you my balls.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm out of here.
You know, I'm right.
Anyway, 1031 at 560.
Now, see, every day, if we had somebody different in there,
the little Pete who's got 85 different names,
who was little Jerry and little Ed and little Tommy,
he's, uh, faxing again, because he knows that you'll hore them to me
because George never said we always smit candy's immediately,
with the squiggly little writing.
Just look for the little, uh, squiggly writing, Zach.
Gotcha.
The one about, I'm glad you put Neil in this place.
But about an hour and a half, it's a little, it's a little Jerry.
I'll play with the squiggly writing, who's been listening for years and years,
every day, every show, and has always got some caustic little remark.
How about, I'm glad you put that bastard in this place.
Get a life you idiot.
I have no life.
God, and don't send me no more of those, please.
Gotcha.
Or you could be fired into it again.
Oh, please don't.
Anyway, here's, uh, I went to the Neil Ranch's websites,
as this fact, the stop at CC.com is gone.
That is correct.
I heard you say the campaign is over.
Not, that's Scott's campaign.
He's still doing his thing, not getting much response,
but then again, he's a hard ass.
Uh, what would you be doing with the contributions already made?
Well, we're going to give him the Zach.
All right.
Because he needs the food.
Now, why we never deposited the contributions.
It's an old panic.
We're not going to run off with anybody's money.
It's not going to be charged that was never deposited.
And Eric had the foresight to say, well, let's just hold off a minute.
I mean, we're not going to run a campaign with somebody who won't even tell us his last name,
with somebody who gives us a song and an aunt about, well, I got a lot more signatures than you got money.
And, you know, just the attitude is wrong.
The intention, I guess, in the beginning was fine, but the attitude sucks.
In addition to which the amount of money that we were getting in,
you could put in a thimble and have room for Zach's ass left over in there.
So just forget about it.
Unfortunately, I think the, you know, my intention was good, but...
The God about it.
Right.
Let's see if Kerry turns out to be a psychopathic scumbag president,
which is unlikely.
Which Republican, oh, this is another pull.
They're trying for a pull thing.
Oh, please, please.
That's so, that's so idiotic.
But God about it.
Right. Thanks a lot, Mo.
Mo, by the way, is going to be doing the Celtics, what are they playing?
The Heats tonight.
The Hears?
The Heats and Celtics tonight.
I see. I guess that makes sense because otherwise you'd have to go wherever they were playing.
The Heats and Celtics, he's going to be doing it on Boston Radio,
which he didn't have passed all over. He ain't no Johnny Moist. I guarantee you that.
Absolutely.
He had even in the league with that.
But he's going to be doing a game for a Boston Radio station.
And the room where I'm hearing is that we're going to be monitoring that.
Maybe.
See, there he goes again.
Don't want to speak out. Just pour it out.
Okay. What's he going to do?
Is he going to come back from Boka?
Kick your ass?
I hope not.
No.
Anyway, administration wages war on pornography for the first time in 10 years.
The US government is spending millions of dollars of your tax dollars, by the way,
to file charges across the country.
This is in the Washington and the Baltimore Sun.
Land Yen's job is to sit for hours in a chilly, quiet room devoid of any color but gray,
and look at pornography.
This job, which New Yen does earnestly from 9 to 5 surrounded by half-dozen other computer forensic specialists like him,
has become the focal point of the Justice Department's operation to rid the world of porn.
In this fear law office in Washington, 32 prosecutors, investigators, and a handful FBI agents
are spending millions of dollars to bring anti-obsettity cases to court houses across the country for the first time in 10 years.
Nothing is off limits. They weren't even soft, core cable programs such as HVO's long-running real sex,
or the adult movies widely offered in guest rooms of major hotel chains.
That's terrible.
Now, are you following that? The last part?
Yeah.
The adult movies widely offered in guest rooms of major hotel chains.
In other words, if I own a Ramada Inn in Boston, and I want to pipe in whatever I want to put on there for my clients,
for the people in the room, who rent the rooms, whatever entertainment they want to pay for,
because the adult movies obviously are premium.
You have to be an adult, and you have to pay extra for them, and they don't want you to be able to see that.
You can't even have the option to watch it anymore?
No. Not if they get their way.
That's crazy.
These are absolutely crazy people.
Absolutely.
And what we're talking about, and you people out there to continue supporting the spacious,
and man, you have just as much guilt in this as you have all the blood on the hands of all those dead kids in Iraq.
Blood on your hands, and you can't wash it off.
Department officials say they will send ripples to an industry that's proliferated on the internet and grown into an estimated,
and, no matter if you're a better, take a look at the enormous gene right now, Maryland, and Rome,
and make it on our website if you're over the age of 100.
Take a look real quick.
Before it disappears, just into where she goes.
Take a look.
Anyway, they want to send ripples to an industry that's proliferated on the internet and grown into an estimated $10 billion a dollar
a year, Colossus profiting fortune 500 corporations such as Comcast, which offers hardcore movies on a pay-per-view channel.
The Justice Department recently hired the anxious Bruce Taylor, who was instrumental in a handful of convictions obtained over the past year,
and unsuccessfully represented the state in the 1981 case Larry Flint versus Ohio.
Flint recently opened a hustling icon in Baltimore since everyone is in the businesses wary,
making sure their taxes are paid in the talent as Oliver 18.
He says he's ready for a rematch, especially with Bruce Taylor.
Everyone's concerned Flint's in an interview.
We deal in plain old vanilla sex.
Nothing really outrageous, but who knows.
They may want a big target like me, said Larry Flint.
A recent episode of Showtime's Family Business, a reality show about Adam Glasser,
and it all filmed director and entrepreneur California, had him worrying about shipping his material to states more apt to prosecute.
It also featured him organizing a pornographic internet telephone to raise money for targets of prosecution.
Drew Usterbond, chief of the division in charge of Senator Prosecutions at the Justice Department, says,
officials are trying to send a message like Joey Zaza, they're going to send a message.
At Halt in Industry, they see as growing increasingly the lawless.
We want to do everything we can to deter this conduct by producers and consumers, Usterbond said.
Nothing is off the table as far as we're concerned.
Nothing.
In other words, if you're watching one of them nasty movies, Debbie does Detroit there and you have privacy or home at two o'clock in the morning.
You might get a tap on the door or as a matter of fact, they might have him knock on the door.
They might just knock it down and come and take your naked ass away, okay?
So they're going to raid my house on a Washington porn?
Maybe.
That's crazy.
So stop.
All right.
It's unclear though, it says how the American public and major corporations that make money from porn will accept the perspective of the Justice Department ad,
Attorney General John Ascroft, it says,
any move against mainstream pornography could affect large telephone companies offering broadband internet service
or the dozens of national credit card companies providing payment services to pornographic websites.
Cable television meanwhile, which is far late night lineups with adult programming highly profitable, is unlikely to budge and such companies have powerful friends.
Brian Roberts, the CEO of Comcast, which offers hardcore porn on the hot network channel at 1199 for film and Baltimore,
was co-chair of Philadelphia 2000, the host committee that brought Republican National Convention to Philadelphia.
In February, the Bush campaign honored Comcast President Stephen Burke with Ranger status for agreeing to raise at least 200 grand for the President's re-election effort.
Comcast executive vice president David Cohen has closed ties to Governor Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
Tim Fitzpac, for exposing for Comcast at its corporate headquarters in Philadelphia, declined a comment on the Cable Network's Adel Program,
but officials at the National Cable Intellect Communication Association, which Roberts used to chair said,
adult programming is legal, relies on subscription services for access and has been upheld by the courts for years,
good luck turning back that clock said Paul Rodriguez, a spokesman for the Association, and probably kind of George Rodriguez being the proverb that he is.
In a speech in 2002, Ascrop made it clear that the Justice Department tends to try, he said pornography invades their homes persistently through the mail, phone, VCR, cable TV, and the Internet.
All right.
And as strewn its victims from coast to coast, its strewn its victims from coast to coast.
Yeah, like him.
Given the millions of dollars Americans are spending each month on adult cable TV, Internet sites, and magazines, and videos, many may see themselves not as victims,
but as consumers it says here with an expectation of rights, choices, and privacy. What a concept.
Ascrop, they religious fanatical, a religious man who doesn't drink alcohol or caffeine, smoke gamble or dance.
You got this?
Dance?
He doesn't drink alcohol or caffeine, smoke gamble or dance, and has fought unrelenting criticism that he has tried roughshod on civil liberties in the wake of 9-11,
and is taking on the porn industry at a time when many experts and Americans are worried about government intrusion into their lives, and those people are absolutely correct.
The Bush administration is eager to show up its conservative base with this issue. Ascrop held private meetings with conservative groups a year and a half ago to assure them that anti-porn efforts are a priority.
But administration critics and First Amendment rights attorneys warned that the initiative could smack a big brother, and that targeting such a broad range readily available materials could backfire.
They were miscalculating the pulse of the community set attorney Paul Cambria, who's gone head to head with Taylor and cases dating back to the 70s.
How do you like that?
Millions of dollars of tax some money is going to be spent to try these cases as once again.
John Ascrop is going to tell you what you can look at, what you can read, where you can touch all of these things.
I want to take him dancing.
In the great though, that we're bringing freedom to other places in the world, as America loses it, we're going to export it.
Funny and 19-4-11 at 5.60 Q.A.M.
5.60.560.560.
Where do you know your name?
Q.A.M.
Did you say?
Freedom's fair, freedom's fair, let's bury our hands.
Freedom's fair, freedom's fair, let's bury our hands.
Don't you see those things wrapped up in a stain?
Don't you show host's mind when they throw in no man's absence?
Oh, we're fine.
Freedom's fair, freedom's fair, freedom's fair, freedom's fair.
Freedom's fair, freedom's fair, freedom's fair, freedom's fair, freedom's fair.
10-45.
Better or watch out what you're looking at, what you're thinking.
Just like a airy fly sure left before they ever shaved his balls body, said he better watch out what you're saying.
That's exactly what he said.
Probably what they told him to.
133 votes on the pool, that's not too bad, we're not paying too much attention.
We'll have 100,000 names on every 40 end of the show.
133 votes, which of these people makes you want to puke?
And we actually still can play that aren't you excited?
I like that.
There are two things that we can still play.
One of them is that and the other one is that.
I like the second one better.
I understand that was a big hit at the ballpark yesterday.
Oh, it was hysterical.
Every time to Marlins got another outer, got another hit or squirt or run, everybody's gone like that.
Do the guilty.
Anyway, George W. Bush is leading what a surprise, 67.
Rosie O'Donnell, my favorite least, oh jeez, I just, I get nauseous, I get, oh, I want to just vomit.
27, I think I have a Rosie allergy.
Rick Sanchez 11, Oprah's got 9, 5 Novak 8, LND, Gen. 5, Gloria all red for, and Keanu Reeves has got a peer.
But nobody's found him yet.
I can't say that.
He's got, nobody's found him yet.
Oh, here's a good one too.
Don Rumsfeld, that's good.
The crummy rummy.
It says this individual not only makes me want to puke when I see his face, but I run to the, I run to the Lou and take a wicked, right?
This is what he's, what scares out of me and include Kahnie as well.
Yeah, let's put her on there.
She's going to be on the mara for a couple of hours.
Kahn Delisa, what do you say?
Got her?
Got her.
Can you handle it now?
I'm handling it go too fast for you, Josh.
Josh is under a lot of pressure because he had old Dave and boring hands through opening day.
I said at the ballpark, are you going to be holding his hand again tonight?
Now there's no hand holding there.
Come on, that's not what I heard.
I heard that you have like to slip him all the, all the, uh, everything, everything that's going on.
You have to like slip on a little note.
And that's right.
He's not going to say anything.
Well, he needs the job.
Okay, so this is the problem while all these people are closed mouth because they were afraid of saying anything just like yesterday.
I want to apologize to profusely for putting Josh on the spot on Tuesday, whatever the hell they was Monday,
because I didn't realize that you work with Dave and boring.
That's right.
Someone was trying to get you to admit how terminally boring and an empty is.
You were like, although you didn't admit that he was, I was proud of you for that.
What?
Why?
Isn't that what he said?
Zach, he said he was a terminal and boring in Pontreus, one of the worst.
I forgot.
You heard it, didn't you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I said, can you tell us a little more?
And that's when he claimed that.
That's what he said.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
We're going to fight smut.
We're going to fight porn.
We're going to fight freedom.
We're going to fight whatever you like.
We don't like it.
That's John S. Crawford, your baby.
He's covering up them statues.
I'll tell you one thing.
It's a good thing they decided to attack Iraq and not Italy.
Can you imagine if he would have had to cover up all of them statues in Italy with all of them boobies and penises and all of them things?
Wow.
Wow.
Well, take it forever.
In fact, he probably have to get some of his buddies to surrender their sheets so we can cover up all of them statues.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let's all do the guilty.
What do you say?
Let's just forget about all this stuff because it's too depressing.
Let's just do the guilty.
Wouldn't that be a great dance?
In fact, don't we have a bit called do the guilty?
No, we have do the Clinton.
There it is.
I don't, the one thing I don't know though because I have it.
I gotta be careful.
I don't know what it says.
Oh, by the way, Jeldie, I hear you're not gonna be doing a Panther game next season because there isn't gonna be any next season.
What a bad break.
Well, you talk about a Vulture.
He was hovered over Judge McDonald's crusty old decaying bodies for the last couple of years, man.
I want that job.
I want the Panther job.
Judge's assistant.
He's old.
I want that job.
And I'd be...
He'll deny it if you ask him.
Huh?
He'll deny it if you ask him.
He'll deny what?
That he wants that job?
Yep.
I know it for a fact that he wants that job.
Make no mistake about it.
He wants it bad.
He wants to be the voice of the Panthers.
5667.0560.0560 on a AT&T.
In fact, I think the season when they don't have any games would be excellent.
You know, we can just do like a dry run every day.
WDQM.
Hello.
Oh, God.
WDQM.
Ola.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I would like to add your poll, Christopher Reeves.
Christopher Reeves.
Oh, that's insensitive, but a good choice.
It is, and I...
Okay.
Thanks.
All right, bye.
See ya.
What do you think that's insensitive?
That's terrible.
To say that Christopher Reeves makes her puke.
I mean, it's...
But I think I understand.
That's superman.
Huh?
That's superman.
No, but she's talking about now when he comes on in the wheelchair in the whole deal.
It's...
It's very insensitive.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Christopher Reeves is Superman.
Superman 5.
That'll tell Superman.
Superman Quig.
Jimmy Olsen is drowning.
Hey, here comes Superman.
Here he comes.
He's...
He's in a wheelchair.
Oh, he's coming off Superman.
Oh, God.
Okay.
Where's the turret?
Oh, too late.
Huh?
Yeah.
Now to call you Super Gimp.
Get out of here.
You freak.
Oh, oh, Clark.
Nothing's happening.
Get on top of me.
Oh, Jack.
Ow!
Why, the evil dog, have finally figured it out a way to defeat Superman.
We...
We've...
We've skipped a night.
No, suspense.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Superman 5.
The search for a bigger doorway.
Rolling into a theater near you.
Oh, good.
We got piano rings.
And now we got Christopher Reeves.
Which is the thing is fantastic.
Very insensitive.
10.501 at 5.60 WQAM.
QAM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Wednesday to you.
How about Dennis Miller for your poll?
Dennis Miller is a fabulous choice.
Hey, go.
Thanks, Pallie.
Okay.
I have a right to it.
Oh, and I say fabulous again.
It's a fact thing.
So I should keep saying it.
Dennis Miller makes me nauseous just to hear his voice.
Just a creep, real creep.
And we'd all agree on that, wouldn't we?
Yes.
I hated it when he was on Monday night football.
Oh, man.
What is...
They paid people millions of dollars to make these decisions.
That's right.
Only when I had to do it for a lot less, we'd have told him.
Yeah.
I would have told him he was terrible.
Just like when they put Moan in the morning for a lot less.
I'd have said, hey, don't do that.
He's just pathetic.
Absolutely.
And he's going to cause a lot of problems here.
Absolutely.
In a real divisive force.
Absolutely.
And he's going to get really big numbers.
Absolutely.
But you know Greg, man.
Greg is just...
He's the chigger in the wood pile like Greg read.
And of course, you can't comment on that.
Although Josh told me some interesting things yesterday.
Huh?
WDQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Pallie.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Good.
Can I add Jim Bush to your list?
Yes, you certainly may.
And by the way, let's give some drivers license to that today while we're talking about this.
Just some of your ingredients.
I was just going to say that you read that story after it actually may be sticky.
He basically had summed up.
He says, well, they're already here.
What do you want me to do with them?
Let's give them a license.
So they get the function on the side.
And a 57 Chevy, too.
Throw it out there.
Nice going.
Way to go, Jeff Boy.
Nice going.
Florida voters by the way, Betonia.
Betonia is a major bull.
Oh, no.
We don't know who this film is.
Greg is.
So we're going to put Jeb in there again.
His name is Bush.
Wow.
Or on terrorism.
George Bush.
A failure of leadership.
There you go.
All right.
That was a good time.
Excellent.
That was magnificent.
Move on.
The org is doing a pen.
See, I keep saying that again.
A sensational job.
Terrific job.
They're doing a nice job.
Raising tons of money, putting on those fabulous ads.
Grip and Bush and ask.
By the way, George W makes people puke.
88 people.
He's leading the pack by a long mark.
Which of these people makes you most of a puke when you see him on TV?
WL president to 88.
Rosie O'Donnell 38.
Rick Snatch has 18.
Bob Novak 13.
A crossfire.
Oprah 12.
LND generous five.
Gloria Allred four.
Canna Reeves got four.
Condoleez has got three.
Donald Rubensfeld has got a pair.
And not yet for Christopher Reeve or Dennis Miller.
As the list continues growing.
I, this list is almost an unending.
You know what?
Thank you.
So all your TV people out there,
you should get the message.
Quit putting so many people on your make us want to puke.
And we might actually watch it.
WQM, hello.
Paul building again.
So boring.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got the winter, man.
Okay.
How about the no talent needle, no skank?
Paris Hilton.
Paris Hilton, okay.
Thanks, Paul.
I love her.
Come on.
Get out of town.
Nobody's got that bad at taste.
Come on.
She good looking girl.
She's not only not good looking.
She's got a skinny nasty nose.
And she's a skanky, squalty bitch.
I'm glad you liked her a lot.
She got a lot of cash though.
Paris Hilton put around here.
Okay.
That's what counts.
5, 6, 7.
And by the way, Paris take all those money movies out of your hotel chain.
Please.
Can you, can you believe that?
Can you really believe that?
No, I can't.
I'm like, I'm really upset about this.
I can't go to the hotels anymore.
You know, I mean, you go to the hotel.
You're paying damn good money.
Heavy duty money for the room.
And whatever is on TV, if you want to pay extra for it,
oh no, they want to watch you see that.
It's just, even for me, even knowing what a bunch of Nazis these bastards are,
it's just, I got to read that one line again there about what he said about what it's doing.
Where's the line about what asked for?
Oh yeah, it is strewn its victims from coast to coast.
It invades our homes persistently through the mail, phone, VCR.
Oh yeah, I get pornographic calls all the time, don't you?
I thought you had to make outgoing calls through the phone to get those.
Cable TV and the Internet and astune its victims from coast to coast
said the anxious attorney general, John B.D. Otte,
asked Crop, and I'll tell you again when you look at Marilyn Monroe and her boobies on our website today,
if you're over the age of 100, you'll notice I'm serious.
His eyes do move around.
He's watching you.
So keep your hands above the counter at all times, please.
1056 at Q.A.
We're supporting you 560 at Q.A.M.
For David's a bitch.
That's the voodoo.
Well, he went on TV and talked to Tim Ruster.
Since that is gonna get into the race.
John Terry's crying.
The George Blur for you smiling.
A Ralph Vader keeps getting right up in their face.
A Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Democratic Party is really fun and it can't be a Ralph Vader.
He keeps on running.
She'll be conceded of victory coming.
A Ralph Vader keeps on spoiling.
Democratic Party was going to keep on boiling again.
Yeah, he's gonna spoil it all right.
He's gonna make everyone Ralph Vader's gonna make everyone uptight.
But he can't get elected but the outcomes affected.
Prime.
O Ralph Vader keeps on running.
In the crash party is a really fun and it keeps on running.
What's the point, Ralph? Is there any point?
Oh, I don't understand. These people every time they take these pools.
Well, three or four percent in this state or whatever, or a gun, are going to vote for a
nader. Based on what? What's the point? What's the purpose?
Someone else.
Have you heard?
For voting for someone else. Anyone else?
But for what purpose does he have any chance to win?
No.
No.
So, so, my even bother.
Why not just sit on your ass and stay home? I don't get it.
Residents hustle to fight Flint's sex shop. Boy, we're the anti-sex crowd today.
Let me tell you that right now. You better get all you can before the end of the day.
Because by tomorrow it may be ill, Eagle.
Excited about the redevelopment of their once-down-trot and four-lotter-dail neighborhood.
Victoria Park residents are suddenly aghast. Aghast!
Oh my god.
Over the new neighbor who appears to be moving in down the street. Larry Flint.
He's all over the place. Can't wait for that dog to come out.
And then the Michael Moore movie.
The Hustle magazine publisher, the infamous Prince of Roche explicit pornography,
wants to open a shop to pedal lingerie, toys and DVDs.
And the store formally occupied by Peaches Records store at 1500 Easton Rise Boulevard.
That's a landmark.
Yep.
In fact, I've never been doing many an appearance there at that Peaches.
I think Phil Henry was there with me.
Are you sure?
I do believe so. Back in the day when he was like a real person.
Before he sold his soul to the devil.
The evil doers.
Damn shame.
The sex shops neighbors include newly built townhouses selling for a half a million dollars.
A strip shopping center.
A soon-to-be-built public supermarket.
And next door to the building and the question.
The heralds for the laundry bill bureau on the second floor of the Kyze Real Estate office.
Oh, I see. This is in the herald, of course.
The heralds don't want no smut.
Next door to them.
Its unfair were very upset to Jan Eidelman, president of Victoria Park Civic Association.
Will prevent this to all legal means possible.
But it says it's uncertain whether there is a legal way to prevent hustler from opening the store.
According to a city ordinance, businesses within 500 feet of residential area, such as the former Peaches, can be closed.
If 51% or more of their sales are pornographic.
Vice Mayor Carlton Morris said the ordinance has rarely been enforced noting that several ex-rated businesses operate in your residential areas.
And churches.
Churches.
Oh my God.
Wow. What's the Lord going to think about that?
We'd have to audit every business like that.
And that would be unprecedented. He said I don't know of us ever doing that.
Although Flint's attorney Paul Cambry would not confirm the project was underway.
He said he was well aware of that ordinance.
We always operate within the parameters of law. He'd be saying.
Even if the city ordinance were enforced, it isn't clear that the shop could be targeted.
Flint's sex rated empire has spawned a series of successful coffee shop porn imporims all over the country.
Where the president of a camp at Chen was almost as obscene as the rights of bonded merchandise.
If he sells more Java than Janet Jameson videos, the ordinance might not apply.
So in other words, if it's under 51% then it's kosher.
All right.
Got it?
Yep.
Flint is fighting Kentucky officials over his effort to run a similar shopping Lexington, Kentucky.
Officials in Greensboro, North Carolina struggle in court for years to shut a peep show that to get around an ordinance also offered non pornographic fair.
The business was represented by one of Flint Cincinnati based attorneys.
City Commissioner Dean Trent Allis, whose constituents live in Victoria Park, says he doesn't want hustler moving into the neighborhood.
But he too is troubled by the language of the ordinance.
49% students saw anything up to that amount.
How do you measure that? He said, I mean, what's the point if he can still sell porn?
Trent, tell us about it.
A push to commission to change the law so it doesn't require an audit of sales receipts to close a business.
Mayor Jim Noggle, goody two shoes mayor, has decided to wait and see about a decade to go at Toplas Donor Shop and next rated car wash open sending for Lauderdale residents into a tizzy.
See, for Lauderdale residents don't want anybody in it.
They don't want spring break. They don't want young people.
They don't want the x rated car washers. They don't want even an x rated donut shops. They don't want nothing.
If I say probably not like donuts, Toplas Donuts.
Yeah, they don't like the donuts because you know what you might do with that donuts.
That's got a hole in it.
And the places failed miserably to attract anyone.
He said oftentimes these places don't have the business.
We all expect they'll have a slight say relax and wait says the obnoxious mayor Jim Noggle.
I'm surprised he's taken such a Lauderdale fair attitude being the good righteous right-winger that he is.
But nevertheless.
So there you go Larry Flint's got him all up in a tizzy in Victoria Park.
If he can't open up there, why not the Wilton manners will welcome with open arms and legs up that don't you think?
Are you right now with what maybe?
Wilton manners will are simply a Flint with open arms and legs.
Yeah, you're probably right.
Which of these people makes you want to puke when you see them on TV?
That's our poll question and the orages dot com when you're finished looking at Maryland and row under boobies.
George W. Bush 126.
Rosie O'Donnell 52.
Rick Sanchez 22.
Bob Novak's got 18.
Oprah 14.
Kyle Nellisa 7.
Agoria all red 7.
L. N. D.
Gen. 5.
Can't arrive for Paris Holtz got three Zach.
Damn it.
Ramis fell three Dennis Miller to Jim Bush to and Christopher Reeves got one.
From some insensitive bastard out there WQM. Hello.
That was all Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Miss Camel?
On Channel 7.
Camel?
Bill Camel.
Oh, Miss Camel.
I think that Carmel Cafferro.
Oh, it helped Camel.
I got you.
Okay. Thanks a lot, pal.
Miss Camel.
You know how I start these things right away.
Oh, by the way, what does Bill Camel have in common with Charlie Christ and Mark Foley?
I don't know.
Okay. Well, just think about it.
See that's one of those rhetorical questions.
Don't answer the question.
Just think about it.
You know, the state Florida Attorney General Charlie Christ has got a lot in common with Bill Camel.
Oh, the weather theory on Channel 7.
And Mark Foley, Republican representative from Palm Beach County.
Just ponder it in your mind.
Just keep thinking about it.
Roll around in your head.
I'm pondering.
Okay.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
Got a guy for your poll there.
Bad air piece.
Not on TV quite a little, quite a little, every once in a while.
You can hear him on the screen.
I can hear him on the screen.
You're in a round, bad hearpiece.
Mo Allard, David.
Definitely.
When's he been on TV?
I think he's been on TV a couple times.
He's just, he's commercials and stuff, but nothing major.
But, anyway, his voice and people in Boston are going to hear him tonight.
They're going to talk.
Okay. Thanks a lot, but we're not putting Mo on air.
Don't lay off of Mo.
Okay. You talk about a stretch, right?
Is Mo a TV person?
Oh.
Have you ever seen him on TV?
I have not.
No, I don't think he does any commercials.
I don't know what this guy's talking about.
Just another chance to take a cheap shot at my personal girlfriend, Mo.
And Zack's good buddy, too, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, Josh said he likes him almost as much as Dave Van Boring, but not quite.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
Oh, I will say this.
Mo is at least a little bit.
When you get him a riled up, he's a little a lot more animated than Dave Van Boring.
Oh, my God.
It's just up and away.
That's where he ought to go up up in a way with a good year of blimp.
Just drag his ass out of there.
Okay.
Or maybe just hook it up to his hair piece first as a threat.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
This is a pretty good turn off my radio.
Yeah.
Please.
Hey, I got a lady for your poll who's a lady I cannot stand.
She thinks she's really hot.
Yeah.
Her name is Sybil Shepherd.
Sybil Shepherd, right?
Got that CYBIL Sybil Shepherd.
And Paris Hilton is a hot baby.
And Paris Hilton is a hot baby.
He was doing so well until he got to that.
Paris Hilton is a hot baby.
Wow.
Man.
I think she's a hot baby.
Well, look.
There are some of you guys who are into the, in fact, Joe Castello also,
Reston P.s.
Joe is into the squawney, you know, like Christine Aguilar.
And now she wants you to have to throw the cheese's bait.
That's Paris Hilton.
She's a real skanky, nasty, needle-nosed bitch.
But if you like that, more power to you.
Thank you.
In fact, in your case, I think that's what you ought to be going for.
Some skanky, well, anyway.
Hey.
Never know.
You never know.
Sometimes the real fat, the big grotesque guys, they get the real hot babes.
You never know.
Oh, I'm hoping.
Oh, it's basically when they're making the big bucks like Zang.
Now, you're working at that, oh, and listen, what's going to happen to your other job
with John Ascroft gets his way?
They're going to be closing that joint down.
I hope not.
What is the name of that place?
The Treppies?
The Dollhouse.
Like I said, the Dollhouse?
In sunny Isles.
Yeah.
That's where I'm at.
And who are you doing?
I mean, what are you doing there?
I'm the floor manager.
Which means what?
You manage what's going on on the floor?
I manage what's going on on the floor.
Exactly.
I see.
And what are you going on on the floor?
Well, you better not say it because John Ascroft, they might be monitoring right now.
I'm thinking.
Yeah, they're monitoring.
And they're not liking what they're hearing from you.
Mr. Pervert.
Hey, I'm not a pervert.
It's a sexually oriented establishment.
Yes, it is.
So you better find some of the work of endeavor because if we get bushing here again,
those will all be closed by January the 25th and next year.
I hope not.
Here and T.
Really, it's just amazingly the religious nuts and see,
with all of this bloodshed, with all this tragic crap that's going on in the world today,
and the mainstream media so terrified because they might have fanned widely religious institutions
and the goody-touches crowd out there.
So God forbid we should talk about what a bunch of lunatics, fundamentalist religions are of all stripes,
like that bitch in Texas that stoned her kids to death.
That's terrible.
That got off by a reason of insanity.
She's a committee to a mental hospital by the way.
I got that.
That's what I'm as well doing now.
A mother acquitted by a reason of insanity for beating two of her sons to death in Tower of Texas with rocks
was committed away maximum security state mental hospital yesterday.
The NLNA 39 was ordered transferred from jail to North Texas State Hospital in Vernon, Texas.
She'll be examined after which a judge may order her to stay there,
prescribe outpatient treatment or release her outright.
Oh, I'm going to release her.
I'm going to release her.
Maybe.
That's crazy.
Understate law, Lani could be committed for the rest of her life,
which I would certainly prefer that if that's the best we can do as opposed to maybe like frying her ass.
Authoring rocks at her.
Lani backed her son's skulls with heavy rocks,
going two of the majors six and eight and severely injuring the third boy now,
two is like a vegetable now.
She acclaimed God ordered her to kill the children.
She was found innocent by reason of insanity of murder and other charges.
It seems to me I could be wrong.
Remember David Berker with the son of Sam?
Yeah.
Didn't he have the same defense?
Then the dog tell him to do it?
Yeah, that's right.
A dog told him which is God's spelled backward, all of a sudden, V.S. baloney.
See, it's just a matter of the green with a religious people.
A system of question of how crazy they are.
The fundamentalist religion is whether they're Muslims or Christians or Orthodox Jews.
Oh!
They're making it into their crazy people.
They're dangerous people.
These are the people responsible primarily for all of the insanity that's going on in the world today.
A didn't have any of it at the course by the big business people who think that they got to leg up on a tax-free religion.
Tax-free business.
It's all the same.
But they don't want to talk about that because that would be bad.
We don't want to offend anybody because some sponsors might get all upset, talk it against religion.
So naturally, the mainstream media, they walk with egg shells.
Even the Catholic prescandle, man, they just give it a lick and a shmure, so to speak.
Can I say that?
They give it a f*** and a f***.
Right.
I can't say that anymore.
Sorry, Goli.
Yeah.
He gets all upset.
In fact, we got a...
There's a machine coming out which I'll get to this story in momentarily.
It's a profanity, elimination, and word-logging device.
I'm not making this up.
There's a true story.
What?
It's called Guardian.
It's called Guardian, an automated profanity, elimination, and spoken word-logging system for radio and TV broadcasts.
This is the truth.
It's in radio ink today.
I'll get to it in a moment.
But what we're going to do instead of that is every time somebody on the station says something because we are of course on delay.
So we have our own...
We can stick our own words in there.
So once anybody says anything that doesn't...
You can't be on the air instead of like having a f*** that.
We'll have that.
I like it.
Don't you like that?
A lot better.
Yeah.
In fact, that might increase the audience.
I think that damn clown.
See?
See how well that worked?
That was great.
Let's see.
It says if Mo was looking to get somebody else fired, he should go after whoever wrote the copy for the spot he does recall someone named Anthony or something.
My main man, three...
Oh yeah. Well, do you understand, Alan, the factur, that everybody is Mo's main man?
My main man.
He's got more main men than Freaky Carlos.
I don't know.
It says is there anything sadder than an old Jew with a bad herpes trying to be cool using this fresh that was popular 30 years ago?
And the next spot they should get him to say that Anthony is my hip daddy-o.
Alright.
I think he's going to be doing that tomorrow.
Absolutely.
Alright, Mo, you go, Mo.
Oh, Mo.
Man, my main man.
He just makes me sick when he says that.
In fact, that 24 hours when he and I, when he thought he made the piece with me, remember that?
The piece drinking of bad pieces.
Yep.
And my main man, Neil Rodd, he was so excited that someone actually pretended to like him for one day.
That's as much as I could handle that.
I was exactly never pretended to like him at all.
Huh?
You guys did such a bunch of pansies.
He back in the old days, back in the day I would say where the begins with P that also wins and asks.
But we can't say that no more.
See, I can say that.
No, I bleeped out the first half of it.
See, it wasn't pansies.
But anyway, can't say that no more.
That's another one of those words we can't say quite of the beastlies.
Oh, quite of the...
Please.
Speaking of Skanky bitch, the goofball out.
Oh, now did we put spielkeys in the Ray or not?
No, you got to spell that one.
Okay, I knew that's the reason you laid off.
See, he thinks that I'll forget about it.
No, that I'm old and seen out, but I never forget.
B-E-L-K-Y-S-N-O-U-R-A-Y.
Got it?
Got it.
B-E-E-L-K-Y-S-N-O-U-R-A.
Why?
There you go.
Spielkeys in the Ray on Channel 7.
And also, here's another one, Dr. Phil.
That's a good one.
Oh, God, I'm staring at...
Have a gag reflex.
Dr. Phil, in fact, any time I'm like channel surfing in the afternoon and I see him, I can't...
I can't change a channel fast enough.
Because I also have that same kind of reflex.
1113 at 560 WQM, if your carpets are in bad shape, you can go out and spend a lot of money in replacing.
You can open up the yellow pages and play Russian roulette and invite some axe murder to come to your home and make a mess.
Or you can go to the supermarket and rent that carpet cleaning equipment and make a real mess all over your floor.
Or you can do this smart thing like having to do it for over 20 years in a variety of different homes.
And that is call the experts at dry concepts because they're the best in the world.
Whether it's your carpeting, your draper, your area rugs, your oriental rugs, your poultry, all of these things.
All of these things.
They do the best job in the world because they dry clean them.
They suck out even the deep down dirt that you can't see with an naked eye, which leaves them looking just like brand new.
They look vibrant and color soft to the touch. They smell a little bit fresh.
Your carpets are dry and just a couple of hours and will be like somebody performed a miracle right there on your floor.
I better take a sip of my...
Because I'm gagging over here.
What a much higher.
My club soda with shelter by the way with bubbles.
What is with that beast that likes it flat?
I don't know, I love shelter.
Well, if you like Paris Hilton, you must like it flat too.
And don't forget with dry concepts. Like I said, your carpets are dry and just a couple of hours so you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
It's not just a slogan, it'd be the truth. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start that fantastic job.
And if you come to put you understand, by list, they can save you an extra 15% off the already unbeatable job of your carpets cleaning.
So give them a call today. You'll never ever be disappointed.
They're the best in the universe. Call toll free 1-800-248-5071.
Call my main man over at the dry concepts 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com.
And dry and low. This is sports radio bike city.
You way, yeah.
It's day, oh!
Miami Town.
At 560 WQA.
Yeah!
My wife took their car to the f***ing.
She drives my f***ing and she's three feet s***.
I wouldn't ride with her f***ing.
I said I'd need it and lay it today.
So I'm just f***ing gone afin to f***ing waiting for the f***ing to take me away.
Just f***ing gone afin to f***ing.
Sweet night, friend.
First night, it's time to tell my f***ing.
First of f***ing, I don't always see this f***ing.
All that's gonna do with f***ing tells me to do.
Describe it high rates and keep my f***ing.
I'm just sitting here and resting my f***ing.
Wondering why my f***ing won't leave me alone.
We've talked it over, but I never f***ing.
I just wind up f***ing through the f***ing hole again.
So I f***ing underwent you f***ing.
Waiting for the lolly f***ing to take me away.
Just f***ing gone afin to f***ing with my friend.
There it is.
It's about f***ing time.
That's where the old f***ing day in this bitch.
F***ing f***ing of your day.
How you f***ing doing?
Nothing's gonna touch you.
I'm gonna see all the bleeps all the time, man.
Because that's the sound of radio in the future.
In the very near future, if they get their way.
I got my Dick Clark books in here and I'm talking about American bands.
Richard Clark against all enemies.
And I was meaning I don't want to do it with Zach there.
Because I don't want to bore you with reading a whole lot of stuff.
I don't want to get too newsy.
Dude, what you got to do, man?
Oh man.
So I have your permission to do whatever I want.
It's your show.
It's not a crant show.
I even though you're not gonna like it though, right?
It's okay.
Well, have you read this book?
I have not.
It's just four pages and they're not really big, gigantic pages like the addiction area.
I just thought that this might be of interest to people that have maybe a little bit of an open mind.
This is like where he's describing what happened in the wake of 9-11 in his day afterward.
And when they're like sitting in the bunker and doing this and that,
and then they go to the security room, the situation room.
Anyway, he says, after one o'clock in the morning, I agreed to go home briefly to shower and change.
Lisa and Mike Fenzell would stay supported by Margie Gilbert of the National Security Agency.
Before I left, I called Pete McCulley to get a ride through the Secret Service positions around the building
and to put us on a list to get out and get back in.
We drove through their barricades down the empty streets.
This is after 9-11.
A Humvee with a 50 caliber machine gun was on the corner of 17th in Pennsylvania.
We stopped on the Roosevelt Bridge over the Potomac and watched the smoke still rising from the Pentagon,
lit by the floodlights that have been brought in.
It gave me a chill.
As we pulled up to my house in Arlington and shut off the car, we heard the drone of a heavy forage and aircraft, A-Wax circling.
An hour later, as I dressed to go back in, I wanted to get how many al-Qaeda sleeper cells there were in the U.S.
I had long believed they existed, so as John O'Neal, who was now dead under tons of steel,
so had Dale Watson who had tried to get the FBI to look for the sleepers, where there still cells planting more attacks.
Thousands had died, we in the West Wing had almost been among them.
Now we had the full attention of the bureaucracies and the full support of the President.
I had to get back to the White House and begin playing to prevent follow-on attacks.
I found my Secret Service issue 357-Side Arm, thrust it in my belt and went back out of the night back into the West Wing.
I expected to go back to a round of meetings examining what the next attacks could be,
what our vulnerabilities were, what we could do about them in the short term,
instead I walked into a series of discussions about Iraq.
At first I was incredulous that we were talking about something other than getting al-Qaeda,
then I realized with almost the sharp physical pain that Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz were going to try to take advantage of this national tragedy to promote their agenda about Iraq.
Since the beginning of the administration indeed well before they've been pressing for a war with Iraq,
my friends in the Pentagon have been telling me that the word was we would be invading Iraq sometime in 2002.
On the morning of the 12th DOD's focus was already beginning to shift from al-Qaeda.
CIA was explicit now that al-Qaeda was guilty of the attacks,
but Paul Wolfowitz, Rumsfeld's deputy, was not persuaded.
It was too sophisticated and complicated an operation.
He said for a terrorist group to have pulled it off by itself without a state sponsor,
Iraq must have been helping them, he said.
I had a flashback to Wolfowitz saying the very same thing in April when the administration
had finally held its first deputy secretary level meeting on terrorism,
when I had urged action on al-Qaeda then, Wolfowitz had harked back to the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center,
saying al-Qaeda could not have done that alone and must have had helped from Iraq.
The focus on the al-Qaeda was wrong. He had said in April,
he must go after Iraqi-sponsored terrorism. He had rejected my assertion in CIA's that there had been no Iraqi-sponsored terrorism against the US since 1993.
Now this line of thinking was coming back.
By the afternoon on Wednesday, Secretary Rumsfeld was talking about broadening the objectives of our response and getting Iraq.
Secretary Powell pushed back urging a focus on al-Qaeda.
Relief to have some support, I thank Colin Powell and his deputy Richard Armagedd.
I thought I was missing something here I've ended, having been attacked by al-Qaeda,
for us not to go bombing Iraq and response would be like our invading Mexico after the Japanese attack as a Pearl Harbor.
Powell shook his head, it's not over yet.
Indeed it was not.
Later in the day, Secretary Rumsfeld complained that there were no decent targets for bombing in Afghanistan,
and that we should consider bombing Iraq, which he said had better targets.
At first I thought Rumsfeld was joking, but he was serious and the President did not reject out a hand the idea of attacking Iraq.
Instead he noted what we needed to do with the Iraq was to change the government, not just to do with cruise missiles as Rumsfeld had implied.
Joy Chiefs Chairman, Hugh Shelton's reaction to the idea of changing the Iraqi government was guarded,
he noted that could only be done with an innovation by a large force, one that would take months to assemble.
On the 12th and 13th of discussions wandered.
What was our objective? Who was the enemy? Was our reaction to war on terrorism in general or al-Qaeda in specific?
If it was all terrorism we would fight, then did we have to attack the anti-government forces in Columbia's jungles too?
Gradually the obvious prevailed, we would go to war with al-Qaeda in the Taliban.
The compromised consensus, however, was that the struggle against al-Qaeda in the Taliban would be the first age in a broader war on terrorism.
It was also clear that there would be a second stage.
Most Americans had never heard of al-Qaeda, indeed most senior officials in the administration didn't know the term when we briefed them in January 2001.
I found a moment without meetings and said to my computer and began, who did this? Why did they hate us? How will we respond? What can you as an American do to help?
It all came out in a stream of pages. I wrote al-Qaeda's hatred of freedom of its perversion to a beautiful religion, of they need to avoid religious or ethical prejudice, thinking it might be helpful I said it to John Gibson in speech writing.
Meanwhile, Roger Cresci and I, just about the draft national security presidential directive on al-Qaeda, authorizing aid of the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan.
Joined by Lisa Gordon-Haggity, we also began to list the major domestic vulnerabilities to further terrorist attacks and to task the departments to start plugging the holes.
Trains with hazmat, hazardous materials were diverted from major cities. Crop dusters were grounded till they could be tracked and we could be sure terrorists weren't filling them with biological agents.
Special security teams were sent to protect telecommunications hubs, chemical plants and nuclear reactors.
George Tennett and Cofer Black, the counterterrorism chief of the CIA, were often running now, demanding action from friendly intelligence services and preparing to at last to send CIA officers into Afghanistan.
Colin Powell and Rich Armouredage were turning Pakistan around from half-hearted support of the US campaign against al-Qaeda to full cooperation.
Later on the evening of the 12th, I left a video conferencing center and they're wandering alone in the situation room was the president.
He looked like he wanted something to do. He grabbed a few of us, closed the door to the conference room.
Look, he told us, I know you all have a lot to do in all, but I want you as soon as you can to go back over everything, everything.
C. F. Sodom did this, see if he's linked in any way.
I was once again taken aback incredulous and it showed, but Mr. President al-Qaeda did this.
I know, I know, but see if Sodom was involved. Just look, I want to know any shred. Absolutely, we will look again, I said.
I was trying to be more respectful, more responsive, but you know we have looked several times for state sponsorship of al-Qaeda and not found any real linkages to Iraq.
Iran plays a little as this Pakistan and Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
Look into Iraq, Sodom, the president said, testily, and left us.
Lisa Gordon-Hagridi stared after him with her mouth hanging open.
Paul Kurtz walked in passing the president on the way out, seeing our expressions he asked, geez, what happened here?
Wolfowitz got to him, Lisa said, shaking her head.
No, I said, look, he's the president. He hasn't spent years on terrorism. He has every right to ask us to look at it and we will, Paul.
Paul was the most open-minded person on the staff, so I asked him to leave the special project.
He got to state departments and agencies to once again look for a bin Laden like to Sodom Hussein.
He cheered a meeting the next day to develop an official position on the relationship between Iraq and al-Qaeda.
All agencies and departments agreed there was no cooperation between the two.
A member random to that effect was sent up to the president but there was never any indication that it reached him.
That's all I'm going to read. That should be enough.
Right from the beginning it was Iraq. Here was the excuse they were waiting for.
Exploiting the lives of those 3,000 people who died on 9-11 so they could carry out their plans for the Iraq attack.
We're now hundreds more are dying and it's going to be thousands and thousands of innocent Iraqis too.
And the public is like, the movement like that, oh no, you're wrong, Neil.
Iraq was behind 9-11. That's what we heard somewhere.
We heard it on the down I'm sure somewhere.
Oh the internet. Yeah, I'm on the internet somewhere.
I read in one of them chat rooms.
So you see that was worthwhile. Even it was kind of ponderous, right, Zach?
It was definitely worth it.
Oh, I thought we were going to say it was definitely ponderous.
27 past 11 at 560 WQM. Hey, looking for a fun and original gift for somebody's birthday.
A new baby bear or maybe for Easter.
Send them a bear gram from Vermont Teddy bear or just call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counselor.
We hope you choose from over 100 bears, personalized for your loved one and delivered in their famous gift box with free card and chocolate.
You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday and burdened on the bib.
They've got some great bears for Easter too like the traditional hair bear with bunny ears.
The Francis O'Hare bear, overnight in Saturday, delivery is guaranteed.
So call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
Show you care send to bear. It's the creative alternative to flowers which are then just a matter of hours for any occasion like Easter, like she was like, uh, Pesach.
Call today toll free 1-800-829 bear and be sure to come that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-V-E-A-R.
My line in local, here's horse radio 560, you ain't U-A-M.
And now ladies and gentlemen, the former president of the United States, William Jefferson Clinton.
Good morning. Before I begin, I'd like to give a shout out to Fantasia Burino from American Idol.
Wow! Anytime, any place.
Text message me some time honey.
Lately, you've been hearing a lot of rhetoric about me and my administration allowing Osama bin Watten to elude capture.
For the record, I want you to know I have no idea who Al Qaeda is.
I have never met Al face to face.
Though I do suspect we have made love in an AOL chat room.
I'm pretty sure one of us must have misrepresented our sexual identity.
I know Al Gore, Al Pacino, Weird Al, and I will admit I may have had a drink with Al's brother, Joe Qaeda.
But I do not know Al.
Quick break for another shout out to Yawana from America's next top model.
Ow! Anytime, any place.
I have no earthly idea why Dick Clark would say the things he's saying.
How does someone who hosted bandstand have any knowledge of international terrorism?
For heaven's sakes, if he was that good, Donnie Osman would have had to replace him.
And bloopers, blunders, and practical jokes would still be on the air.
Quick break down for another shout out to Amber from Survivor All Stars.
Dump Boston Rob and come get Harlem Bill.
Wow! In conclusion, let me say I am endorsing Jim Carey from President.
He has the experience, leadership qualities, lots of money, and most importantly, he can talk with his butt.
Fiky, Clinton out, take that rindsly crest.
Level 32 at 560 WN 401 votes.
Which of these people makes you want to puke when you see them on TV?
George W. Bush 190, nobody can touch W. 190 votes.
Rosio Donald 78.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 33.
Bob Novak 21.
Oprah 17.
Gloria Allred, a dozen.
Condoleezza 10.
You're going to do a lot of pukin tomorrow, those 10.
Gonna be pukin their guts high.
So what do you think we ought to put the audio on tomorrow, some of it?
A couple of hours.
A couple of hours is good.
Condoleezza's got 10.
L. N. Generat 7.
Peris Hilton's got 6-Act.
They realize what a skanky bitch she is.
Perfect.
Jeff Bush, John Murumsfield 5.
A piece can't reach 4.
Christopher Reeve 4.
Highly insensitive.
Dennis Miller and Dr. Phil 3.
A piece.
Spilky's deranged out of peer.
And you don't want to see him.
Bill Kamal's got 2.
The weather for re and simple shimper don't have any out of 406.
560-70560.
On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WCWAM, hello.
Intensive.
Dennis Miller and Dr. Phil 3.
QAM.
Okay, you don't want to see him.
No, no.
I'm a Korean, the most emperor on that area.
I'll have a great life.
WCWAM, hello.
You need nothing to throw a restaurant out, alright?
This is good.
WCWAM, hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a name for your call.
How about WC Goldberg?
Oh, gee.
I may change my vote.
Good one.
Yeah, alright.
I have a good one now.
And you too.
Have a great day.
At great day.
Davis.
560-70560.
Pomp 560.
You got that.
Whoopi Goldberg.
He just fell out.
Can you handle it, John?
I can handle it.
Josh is making whoopi right there on our website.
But don't do it when John Ascroft's looking.
Check those BDIs first to make sure to look in the other way.
I can't, you know, if it's a good thing Eric made a real good choice to put Maryland on
a row on this week.
Because if we put Maryland on a row on during a regular week, in other words, the non-Easter
PaySoft Week, which we got a very limited amount, a limited number of people out there.
We'd have liked Bust, they would have broken a whole thing, you know.
We'd have overloaded it.
So nice going, Eric.
In fact, I think that's really it.
I hate to say this because, you know me, I'm Mr. Sauer.
But 55,000 plus at this time of year in the Maryland game yesterday indicates that people are either
bored to death or just really whipped up about something to do.
It's opening day.
Because there's really a lot of people gone.
You do realize that, don't you?
Of course.
Tonight's the big test though.
Tonight's the real, it depends on how many people come out tonight.
And your prediction is?
About 8,500.
Oh, come on.
8,500.
Talogade.
Even the Anxious Blue Jays have gotten blown out by Detroit 7-0 and 6-7 or 3 or something like that,
the first two games.
They had 48,000 in the sky dome opening on, they two days ago and yesterday they had 21,000.
Yeah, well you also got, you got two games tonight live here in town.
The heat and the marlins.
The heat, how many people are going to be at the heat game?
About 3rd, man.
And they're only going to the Yanke Moza hairpiece off.
Oh yeah, if you see Mo at the heat game, then I give him a little salute for us.
Oh yeah.
Wouldn't that be great if during his broadcast?
What Boston station is carrying that?
BZ or HDH?
What station's got it?
Not sure I'm going to find out now.
Oh, you'll find out.
I mean, we're going to be monitoring you, Mo.
We're going to be monitoring.
We're going to be playing clips all day so don't make any mistakes, okay?
Be right on your tippy toes.
I kind of feel now like we're turning tables on him.
You know what I mean?
In other words tonight we can say to him.
I'm listening.
Yeah, there you go.
That's right.
We're monitoring your performance and it better be really sensational.
Or you're going to get a lot of crap from everybody.
Especially Joe Rose.
Room where I'm here is that Joe Rose wants those tapes and wants them bad.
Which certainly I'd like to show up a little bit.
560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Somebody QA and hello.
Yes, Neil?
Yes, sir.
D. James Kennedy.
Oh, yeah.
D. James, Grover's Presbyterian and the anti-Semitic Church.
Thank you.
D. James Kennedy.
Got that.
You can put Dr. James Kennedy.
All right.
As in like Dr. Rice.
Don't forget Dr. Rice has got to be testified tomorrow before the 9-11 commission.
And for those of you who will only be near your radio and not your TV,
we'll put some of the audio on.
Now, once you make your 20-minute opening statement or we put that on.
No.
I don't want to hear a prep-pre-affabricated propaganda that the Bush speech writers have already
put down there for.
I want to hear when she, when they put her feet to the fire.
If they do, if they do, we'll see.
They talk a good game.
We'll see how a cane and all the other ones on there.
How just just how hard they really twist and pull and the ancan twist.
WDQM, hello.
Canada bands, Bush, you know that, don't you?
WDQM, hello.
QAM.
Yes.
I've got a quick talk.
Two for the whisperer today.
What is it, sir?
Speak to me.
Not there.
WDQM, hello.
QAM.
567-0560.
Now, what's the deal today?
Like I said, there's nobody in town so we're getting like the same eight people including the whisperer.
And then a little squiggly Terry Jerry, whatever his name is this week.
WDQM, hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
What I think it'd be a little tough on L president day and his cracker jack staff.
Yeah.
I mean, war on terror, war on Iraq, anyone to make that mistake.
Any time I see Sean Hannity, I have to run to the, to the, okay, good.
Excellent choice.
He runs to the cracker.
Can we still say that?
No, he runs to the, or Sean Hannity, S-E-A-N, H-A-N, and IT-Y.
Got it.
Good.
Nice job there, Josh.
He's a fast diaper.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
We want to get at least 10, 15,000 calls on here before 2 o'clock.
Now, getting back to this device I was telling you about before and this is not something I made up and it's in radio ink.
They were, they're not kind of a website that's going to put some phony baloney thing on there.
This is space AG and ridiculous as it sounds.
It's a real guardian.
Encosystems, not Ronco, but Encosystems has released guardian and automated profanity elimination and spoken word logging.
And the system for radio and television broadcasters, the unveiling will take place officially April 19th at the NAVV convention in Vegas.
In fact, maybe the big race money to go out there to Vegas to cover that.
Huh?
Maybe.
You can get his listeners to call in, send him some cash.
We can go out to Vegas again to cover it.
It's certainly a lot more important than that NFL, what's that thing called?
Combine.
The Combine.
I still don't know what that is.
I never heard that in my life before this station started putting that crap on here.
Oh, but the big one out there and spending his all money to cover it.
What is it again?
It's where everyone like, you know, like all the college kids have to go there and they get time in the 40, the bench press.
Like they just like see all their statistics basically.
So in other words, it's like a skills competition.
Yeah, you got to set the skills.
Watch it now.
Watch it.
He's starting to get dance right on and line again.
Encosystems present Eugene Novichek says it's important for broadcasters to properly deal with objectionable material.
There haven't been any important developments in technology for them until now.
Guardian adds high-end speaker and dependent speech recognition software to the traditional profanity delay.
You know, like the seven-second delay we got?
Yep.
Well, this adds something really special to it.
The technology that we developed for our end-caption product proved to be perfect for use in an intelligent automated broadcast delay.
Well, that leaves us out.
The broadcaster maintains two lists of words or phrases within Guardian.
There's one list for words to eliminate like that.
And another for words to log.
Guardian constantly monitors the broadcast air feed using variable length delays of the settings.
When a word or phrase from either list is detected, Guardian can bleep mute and or log the event.
The date time logging is enhanced by storing of a small piece of the actual audio for future reference.
So they can go back and say, say, look at that.
You said that.
And they even have the time you said it.
That's crazy.
So I got one to read that again.
When a word or phrase from either list is detected, Guardian can bleep mute and or log the event.
Guardian is a two-rack unit device with stereo-balanced analog and AESEBU inputs, whatever that is in outputs and features contact closures for control of external devices or alert mechanisms.
It'll be available in May of 2004.
And I guarantee, I guarantee that these leads will be on top of that before you can say Greg reads of puts.
19-till-new and at 560 QM, the Mad Dog at 2, the Humper, the Hebrew Hammer at 4, from the Heater Arena.
Now is he going to have Moana's a guest since Mo's going to be doing the broadcast in the game?
That would be classic.
Oh, man. Even I would sit in here and listen to that.
Oh, that would be for hours.
My, and look all.
This is for real by sick.
You ain't way, you ain't.
See approved MTV.
We cleaned up our act in accordance with the project for a new American Century.
Where's your hurry, hurry, hurry home.
Where's your hurry, hurry, hurry home.
Carson, Daily?
Yeah.
You're out of here.
Hey!
We got a brand new MTV VJ by digging up the body of Stoocke Lanson.
Hey, Stoocke, you're on.
Oh.
Well, that didn't work out too well.
So we found someone even less exciting than a dead man.
Meet your new MTV VJ, Harry Smith.
Hello, I'm Harry Smith.
Join me tonight for the re-improduction of the internationally famous singing group from Australia.
The Seeker.
The Super are in continuous need.
Starting tonight on the new FTP, Food Head, MTV.
This is federal communications commissioner Mark Rukpower.
Uncertainly, he'll find it in appropriate vulnerability payment.
The current is a special device for sure.
It's 11.45 at 5.60 WQM.
We got some more bad news.
A top aid to the militant Iraqi cleric, Mokkata Al-Sadar,
said today that the supporters had captured a number of soldiers from the U.S.
led coalition during clashes currently taking place across a large swath of Iraq.
Some tribes have captured some occupation forces on the streets.
He told a news conference in the Shiaid Muslim holy city of Najaf.
He gave no further details.
The news conference broadcasts our Lebanon's Al-Mun-RTV station,
Mouthpiece of the militant Shiaid Hezbollah group.
No immediate comment from the U.S. led forces in Baghdad.
That's going to be really, if you think it was bloody an astounding day,
it's just getting worse and worse and more grotesque.
Here's the fact that Seeker's getting bad, you ain't seen nothing yet.
But in regard to censorship he's talking about,
the FCC and the FBI are endorsing the next generation broadband technology called
BPL, broadband over power lines,
have will effectively turn every electrical law in your house into a broadband internet connection.
Manufacturers of consumer electronics soon will be enabling TVs, DVD players,
PCs, refrigerators, toasters, etc. to communicate over the internet.
The introduction of the new IPv6 addressing scheme will open up literally billions of new
TCP-slash IP addresses make this easily possible.
So in other words, your pop-up toaster can talk to my blender.
Nice.
And it's going to, you know what it's going to say?
No.
Suppliers will tap this as being able to monitor your preferences to better market goods,
but imagine a DVD player sending a little email message directly to John Ascroff,
where you drop in a gay porn or Tim Robbins movie,
adding nice little page to your FBI file.
You can also easily manage what else this would imply.
BPL being broadcast over the entire U.S. power grid will also completely interrupt
the 8 to 80 megahertz shortwave band,
it caused new interference on low respect to the AM-Bad 560 for example.
Sound far-fetched it says it's already on the way.
He won't see nothing yet.
John Hannity, we got him on there, right?
Says the biggest, the biggest, the biggest, poll on TV.
Here we got him.
Let's see, here's a chronic Tucker factor.
He says, I don't know if it was just a coincidence, but I've actually puked that
for seeing Amcola.
Oh, that's good.
That's how can we take this long to put her on her nasty bitch.
PS, be sure if you adopt her if you mentioned it,
but your close personal friend,
boy, this handwriting at Tucker is really bad.
Something new, yes?
Can you read that?
Not really.
Was elected the College Football Hall of Fame.
Think they're probably talking about Mandage.
But what does it say there?
I really can't read the bottom line.
That's terrible.
Get your handwriting fixed and maybe it's bow ties in a way, poor Tucker.
Jim Mandage was elected the College Football Hall of Fame.
Oh, right.
Well, number 88.
Of course, his bad promise he played for Michigan.
How unfortunate that he played for Michigan.
It's only a miracle that he want to put them two rings with it often.
Oh, I know.
He played for Michigan.
Of course, I know somebody else who played for Michigan's got two Super Bowl rings.
His name's Tom Brady.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I think I figured out what it said.
Old number 88.
Old number 88.
Van handwriting, Tucker.
Terrible.
Get with it.
Van Stein, somebody says a very good choice.
He is obnoxious.
People will make you want to puke as soon as you see him on TV.
Make your reach for that channel change.
You're like, just go nuts.
Practically break your hand.
Grab him for it.
And the channel change you too.
Well, I didn't say that.
I didn't say cramp.
Let's see.
Eunice Kennedy Shriver wrinkled old bag.
That.
It says here.
Josh from Boka.
It's the first time I ever saw it.
But that actually imprinted.
Nice going, Josh.
How do you spell that?
Blood.
But I can spell it like that.
Okay.
Okay.
You got Eunice Kennedy Shriver.
You got it?
Got it.
Very good.
He's on top of it this Josh.
Well, he's trying to stay in a good mood.
Oh, and did you hear the song that was playing on MTV during the Boka brand bit?
No, I didn't.
Shrimp Boats.
Yeah, that's the song.
I mean, wait before your time.
So you didn't know what that song was.
Shrimp Boats is a common.
So what's it called?
Seam Boats.
Boats.
Rick Santorum.
There's another right wing schmuck that we hope never to see again.
That's what Andrew and Pittsburgh says.
Good choice, Andrew.
Rick Santorum.
S-A-N-T-O-R-U-M.
You can't put to the scum and you end with that Rick Santorum.
In fact, you can't spell.
So I saw it on somebody's website.
You can't spell Quagmire without Iraq.
Did you ever stop and think about that?
I didn't.
Now look, it's spell out Quagmire.
Quagmire.
Write it out.
Q-A-G.
Q-U-A-G.
M-I-R-E.
Okay.
Now, do you find the four letters in there?
R-A-Q.
I got it.
Can't spell Quagmire without Iraq.
Absolutely correct.
So wherever I saw that, there was very prispications on their part.
Bill Marr is somebody who says bad spelling here, but they're trying to make fun of the way
he talks.
I guess M-A-H-E-R Bill Marr.
Puky little a nerd.
And I don't care if I agree with everything he says.
I just can't stand him, you know.
It's like saying, well, Rosie said, out of the closet, Dike, you should be proud of her.
I'm embarrassed.
In fact, I'm going to start dating women.
I'm so embarrassed.
Well, maybe not.
Top Senate Republican pushes quick indecency vote.
I mentioned this before, but it deserves a little bit better.
Look, a closer peak.
Senate Republican leader Bill Frist is attempting to work out a deal with Democrats to limit
the debate on legislation that would increase the fines people pay.
Remember that song, Geens People Play?
That would be with Vokobran, but fines people pay for broadcasting smut so that a vote on the bill could come tomorrow.
See how fast they want to ramrod this through?
Supporters of legislation have tried to ramrod the legislation to the Senate to the next-by-dited procedure,
but they ran into promises, various groups and Democrats began to raise objections on voting on the bill without the debate.
Frist has been trying to work out time agreements with Democrats so that there will be a short debate and a vote on Thursday, meaning tomorrow, one GOP Senate aid said,
but it was unclear whether Frist is going to be able to get Democrats to go along with his plan.
Democratic aides also said the Tennessee Senator had been working their bosses in an unententicated vote before the Senate goes off for spring recess, but no agreement had been reached.
There is no time agreement as of now, Senate leadership aid said there's not been any serious discussion of a time, but Frist efforts may have gotten to both the Senator John Bro, Democrat of Louisiana,
underline the lose part, is unlikely to push in a moment to include some cable programming under these same-and-east-Z regulations and broadcasters have to meet.
That missed by one vote is all that missed by when they voted on cable and satellite.
Bros Amendment failed by only one vote in the Senate Commerce Committee, but why said the Senator was leaning against bringing it up on the floor?
But all they're doing is like putting that off until they push this thing through first, then once they get this through with increasing the fines, then they'll work on cable, and then it'll be satellite, and then it'll be the Internet, and then it'll be what you can watch in your hotel room.
That makes me upset.
I mean, I don't know what it takes. I keep saying, when are the public going to wake up? I was thinking about this yesterday.
It was a show about biography channel about Dow and Jones, the two guys who founded the stock market.
There really was a Dow and a Jones. Do you know that?
No.
Now you know it.
All right.
Pretty interesting show.
I like it.
And I was sitting there. I was almost biting my tongue so hard it was bleeding because I kept they were talking about the Great Depression about all the various scams that came down the pike and Michael Milken and all these people that ripped off the public.
And I'm thinking of myself and I've said this before, I don't understand why American people are so passive.
You would think there'd be a revolution of some kind.
People work all of their lives. They have a few hundred thousand or whatever they got put away so they can retire someday.
They don't have to work until they croak.
And all of a sudden they discover that they've been peddled thanks to the gambling channel and a bunch of other phony brokers.
I don't want to mention no names. They've been peddled. They've piggin' a poke as the saying goes and been peddled a bunch of crap.
And defrauded by Enron and World Comment, Tyco and all of these other grave robbers.
And it's kind of like, oh well gee, we feel really bad.
Okay, maybe we'll put some of these people in jail.
Although there's a mist around the Tyco case and these guys are still walking around free.
And the public just sits back, oh, what was me? What was me? I guess I'm going to have to keep working forever.
You see what I'm saying?
I just don't understand why the public isn't revolting.
Whether or not having an arrest break down, whether or not I'm barding the White House with letters and telegrams and phone calls until, I mean, we got a hundred billion dollars to waste over there so we can kill a whole bunch of innocent people and sacrifice a whole bunch of American people.
We got a hundred billion dollars for that and that's only the beginning, by the way.
That's just the tip of the iceberg. It's going to be hundreds of billions in the long run.
It's probably going to be a trillion dollars or more. They're all going to flush down the toilet in Iraq.
They're all nervous Nellies. Now wouldn't it be really nice if we could take those hundreds of billions of dollars and say to all of these people now in their 60s?
Hey, guess what? The government, just like we did with that Neil Bush scandal with the Silverado Savings and Loan, and we've been able to all the SNLs out.
We found way to do that. So all the SNLs didn't go out of it. We're going to like help you people out. If you lost, we're going to give you back 50% or maybe all your money that you lost, all your retirement money.
Because you were sold fraudulent crap. Let's put some lipstick on this pig. I'm going to tell you something. Most of you stock brokers out there belong in jail.
Don't you agree with that? I don't want to mention any names.
And I'll tell you who really belongs in jail and that's the peddlers on the gambling channel.
And I don't care how many times Ted David calls in on the show. I guess you know he regularly calls this show.
Yep.
And I don't care how many first names he's got or how Jewish he is. The fact that it matters. All you people on CNBC, you belong in jail.
Because they're always peddling. They're always pushing. Oh, it's the new economy against the old economy. Was there a new economy?
There is no new economy. It's just bull crack.
And even though the supposed come back, although today's not looking too good. There I see a lot of red and I see a down 88 on the down 86 and down 19 on the NASDAQ.
But I see like some micro systems. Oh, but you didn't understand the oil. They're making the computer chips that go in every whatever the hell they make.
I don't know. I don't even know what they make. Do you know how much of Josh does?
A lot of a lot of electronics.
Like I said, our computer wizard, no wonder Eric don't want to hand you over the keys to the kingdom yet. He was working on. Huh? He wants to.
Yeah, Betty does. He's a little bit nervous. But anyway, I'm just that stock was $117. It's $4 a share. Okay.
Not to mention, of course, the dot coms that went out of business and everybody lost all of their money on those.
And not to mention the ones like ass jeeps that were like 50 and 60 and 80 bucks a share. They're not like penny stocks. If they're still in business at all.
Anybody going to get their money back on that? No, of course not. Because they were defrauded.
They were defrauded. And all of that crap. Remember all the day trading that was going on the gate trading. Oh man, it was crazy.
And at goofball, it was on all those spotstay was on at one spot with Clinton. Hey, Mr. President, you're a you're whatever the hell that line was about.
How much to stock you want to buy? He's going to buy came art and you're riding the wave of the future, Mr. President and all that other bull crap.
And all these people quit their jobs. They were sitting around in the house in the gate trading. And other all broke.
I just mentioned those things in passing. It's good. As in rip off three minutes till noon at 560 WDQM. You just sit there and watch your agenda.
Jackson again.
And look all this is for 205 city.
Call me Mr. Boots. And I've been visiting to the Duel Warner now.
I saw Jesus fall. I was thinking, oh, I'll go back. I saw him fall. I pop up those during the same thing of my call.
Oh, my friend, think of nuts and let the red tank fall. Oh, I saw things. I saw browns. I was thinking of all of us.
I saw him in my shaving cream. So I left it on my face. When I went to work, I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the spring.
Driving home, I was all alone. I was thinking someone was playing tricks on me. But in the rear view mirror, I couldn't see cases staring back at me.
I saw Jesus fall. I was thinking of all of us. I saw him fall. I pop up those during the same thing of my call.
Oh, my friends, think of nuts and the red tank fall. Oh, I saw things. I was thinking of all of us.
He was gone. I saw things. I was thinking of all of us. I saw him fall beside of the top of the window.
I saw him fall. I saw him in a bowl of sticky candy in the side of the sputter's jar.
Yes, I saw things. I was thinking of all of us. I saw things. I was thinking of all of us.
Oh, I saw him fall. I pop up those during the same thing of my call.
Oh, my friends, think of nuts and the red tank fall. I saw things. I saw things. I saw things.
Oh, Lord, there he is again.
Oh, Lord, there he is again.
I don't understand why because Passover didn't begin until sundown on Monday. Another one day, like savings time, sundown is like what? 70 to climb?
Yeah, at least. I said this the other day and I'll say it again. So what excuses did people have to have one, two in the afternoon? I just want to go screw off.
Getting ready for Passover. Getting ready. Going to buy the mods and going to like kosher the house, all of these things, right?
Yep. Going to get your pay us all fancy it up. I'll wash your hands like ten times and washing your tits and your all these things.
Leah fastow abandoned plea deal. Speaking of what I was talking about just before the break of these, these people should be on death row.
And a lot of us would be delighted to pull the switch. Not that I ever bought in, Ron, but nevertheless X N Ron executive Leah fastow the wife of X cheap financial officer Andrew fastow changed her plea to not kill the a filing of false tax return after the judge in her case rejected a plea agreement with federal prosecutors.
And his word is says today judge David Hittner. Move the trial of Leah fastow former assistant pressure at the energy trading company to Brownsville, Texas from Houston, set a jury selection.
Native June second. Hittner had suggested he would not stick to the recommended prison term of five months. Leah fastow pleaded guilty January 14.
The same day her husband pleaded guilty to wiring securities fraud and agreed to cooperate with the ongoing probate and runs two thousand month collapse.
The proposed prison term was designed so the fastow's young children would not be without at least one of their parents. Isn't that heartwarming? Very nice.
Yeah, I feel so much better for those kids now. Okay. They're sure a lot better than that. Now that's interesting because then this other broad very possibly after they check her out and say, oh, she watches passions and she's a lot more sane than Mrs. Wallace.
And most of the characters on that show. So just turn her loose that bitch in Texas Tyler Texas that stoned her kids to death.
And I don't read that because the Bible tell you that the Muslims believe in stoning their kids to death. Sure.
And the Bible, the Old Testament tells you if your kids are disobedient, they shall surely be stoned to death. Do you ever read that? Nope.
You better go back and read your Bible, Mr. because you sure don't know your Bible. I do not. You better put it right with the Lord before it's too late.
That's the one. It might be too late for me. I think you're right. Too late for Zach, especially anybody that gluttony. I think isn't gluttony a sin. Absolutely.
Yeah, so we're all doomed. You and the beast. You're truly we're all doomed. We're going to burn hell anyway. Somebody's going to enjoy it. Why not order some lunch? We did.
Did you really? What do you got from how he's? Oh, you know, I love how he's although they almost killed me with that 45 pounds of bacon that one day.
Oh, my God. I remember I tell everyone that story. That's a true story. They know my my innerds were like in fact.
You know, with the shortage of oil, it's a good thing they didn't find me for a long time because I had enough oil in my bodies.
I applied gas for the entire human race for about a month. I never I never seen. 45 huh? I never seen so much bacon. Yeah.
And you know, when you're fat pig like you are like I am, you just sit there and you keep eating it and bacon is crunchy.
You're just eating it eating it. It's like popcorn. You just keep showing it down your throat.
Oh, what's the pop? And that just tore my guts up. Man, so we love your how he's but don't overdo it. Please.
But I was going to suggest you know, Jeff Cohen was calling in the other day looking for free plug and he got one and he was going to bring you the maca pizza.
Yeah, I'd like to try some of that. I mean, you would like it. It's very good stuff. And even Josh who's a goiish of cup. He would enjoy it.
We should have some here. Even some goiim like Monsa and Kishki pretty good. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 8. Now let's get this straight.
Okay. The Chinese must have stolen. They must have stolen the wonton from the Jews who made crepline. How where did it start first?
Because Mark Mark, Marco Polo stole it for the Italians pasta that whole business. So the Chinese make wontons and the Italians make gravity only in the Jews make crepline. It's all the same crap.
Yep. Just to go ahead at first. I don't know. Come and Q.A.m. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I pulled some strings and I got the great one to give the motivation. Okay, great.
I'm Reverend Jo's boyfriend. WQM. Hello. The Jews make crepline. It's all the same. Q.A.m. Yes, sir. I'd like to add your pole. Go right ahead. How about a nancy grace? Nancy Grace makes me want to puke for hours.
Hi, pal. Thanks, pal. 5 6 7. Yeah, you don't know who that is from court TV. That's always on Larry King. Even host King once in a while when Larry's by a new suspenders.
Yeah. Nancy would have phony sudden draw her. Oh, she might be on right now court TV. Let me take a little peek. Okay. At court TV because the spotter actually taking a hard line.
Oh, he said hard we can't say that. He said a line. I'm nervous to put any of these cable channels on because God only knows what these perverts are going to say.
Nancy Grace said now right now. That's a good news. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Which of these people makes you most want to puke your guts out when you see them on TV. Make it just grace for that channel channel changer.
I'll keep the remote my hand all the time. Don't you have to. I'm one of those people I'm flipping it and flipping it. George W 257. Rosie O'Donnell 108. Rick. She's been pretty well better than I thought. That was my choice.
Rick Sanchez 41 5 Novak 24 the co-host of. Oh, pray 18 Gloria already. Team condolese has got 16 lot of people going on tomorrow.
Man, please a condolese. She got a lot through her teeth. And of course he's got that. That's why that's why she's got that big gap between her two front teeth.
So you can lie easy. So she can lie through it. Dr. Phil 15 other drool and redneck man. Ellen, you generous nine. Paris Hilton's got seven.
Jeb Bush seven and I'm wrong spelled seven. Why her to stray about Catherine Harris. I heard that she. Today. Did you hear that? I did. Dennis Miller six. Spilky's N'Rase six. Sean Hannity five. Christopher Reeve five.
Cano Reeves four. Cano Reeves is right on Christopher Reeves. Ask. And unfortunately Chris can't do anything about it. Dr. James Kennedy four and quarter three.
Wamping over to. Phil Kamal. She's got two. Bill Mars got one and no votes yet for Ben Stein. Rick Santorum. Nobody knows who that is except in Pennsylvania.
Unis Kennedy Schreiber civil shepherd or Nancy Grace out of five seventy. Unis Kennedy Schreiber. I mean how often is she on TV?
Yeah, exactly. How about Maria Schreiber? Now we don't want to put her on. She's busy with Arnold. She's the first lady of California now.
Oh, line nine is reading. Gotta grab that Q.A. and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Star Jones. Star Jones is a good choice. Oh, man. That's it. Thanks, Pellie.
Vomit inducing star Jones got it. That's easy. You should be able to spell both of those. How about Ken star? We don't see him anymore.
Ken star who told James Carval in the airport in Atlanta back during the monica days. I'm going to get your boy. We're going to get him. We're going to get him.
Good religious guy to Kenny star. Now who do you like better? Kenny star, Ringo star. K star or star Jones. Ringo.
Any day. I don't think he's really got very much talent. You know, name me a good Ringo star song. Are they he did by himself?
I don't think so. But he was there. Everybody. Every group has got to have a drummer and very rarely is the drummer like you know, big hot shot. Really a musician. They just sit there and bang on that thing and they bang on that thing.
Yeah, that's it. It's a 12 minutes pass. They just be very careful. I just want to alert you because you do need the job.
Yeah, and because Mo would like nothing better than see you get totally blown out of there. So I'm just I'm just cautioning you that we have this heightened sensitivity as I'm sure you're well aware is I'm sure that all they producers have been warned and and heavy duty meetings of the very intensive meetings there.
Yes, sir with Clarence and Muff. Yep. All those other programming ladies. Well, that's good. So just keep that in mind as we go on because I don't want to have to do that to you.
No, I don't want you to when you shop for quality footwear, great selection professional service. There's only one place to go and at a course by now. You ought to know Brandy shoes and pompato beach at Brandy's will find the biggest selection of men to women choose the best service and the best prices in town. Period.
If Brandy's they got all the top names that you know and love even somebody don't know, but you will love them rock ports, floor shine, S a S. Spirys, Timberland naturalizer and lots more and with Brandy's huge selection.
Chances are they're never going to give you that song of dance. Oh, sorry. We just don't have that size in your style. You want it. They got it ready to slap on your big fat foot. So find out why most of Brandy's customers don't really keep coming back in half for years, but they usually by several pair on each visit.
Brandy's is open daily nine till nine Sundays, 10 to five and they're in a same great location. They've been making great deals for years and years. 12 90 North Federal Highway and pompato beach. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are. And right now it's that big red tack clearance sale going on at Brandy's what means great savings because men's and women's famous brand.
And she's name shoes have extra savings waiting for you stop in the store check them out on the web at Brandy shoes that's with two S's Brandy's shoes dot com.
I've never had one I swear.
All right.
Me back in the ball game.
I admit placing beds. It only took me about 14 years to go on TV with crack that I'll tears but don't wait for me to say sorry.
I ain't taking the blame. I bet once twice maybe three times out of view ball games.
So put me into the hall of fame. I deserve to be in. I am not really a total crook read all about it in my brand new book.
Go I bet bet bet on my own team and if I pretend to feel shame. I will bet they let me back into the old ball game.
No, I hope not scumbag man. Oh I go look at that had to dump myself. Can you believe that?
Can you believe we can't say that? It's unbelievable right that to me. I think of all the things. I mean that is so ridiculous.
See this is what's happened with this company with the nervous Nellies we got in there. See it was okay to say penis.
Like that thing we do with managed to have no penis see penis is okay. That's what does says.
You know what I mean? Yeah. He knows his penis. But when it comes to bag we can't say that in fact there's several things you can't say in front of bag.
You can't say with a D and you certainly can't say with the bag with an S. But that's what Pete roses. He's a bag.
In fact either you pick your own purpose there. Whatever you want in front of bag. Pop has got a brand new bag.
That's Pete Rose man. He is the lowest of the low low life. I may draw the line at that. I don't buy that. I don't agree with that.
I just I don't accept it. I realize that they own a radio station but the idea that we can't say S bag that is just it is so ludicrous it's so commonplace right.
I can't believe it. No I mean back in the day long time ago that was a reference to something else long ago.
I don't want to get too graphic. But I mean now it just means he's a low life a dirt bag. Okay that's a dirt bag. Can we still say that?
I'm sure. Oh no. Oh. And speaking of things we can't say and I hope Secretary Armin attorney general ascrop don't get wind of this.
This is some very bad news for him. Frequent ejaculations may counter prostate cancer. Scorch, glory like that.
Oh sexual activity does not cause prostate cancer and men who ejaculate frequently may even be protecting themselves against the disease.
U.S. researchers reported yesterday. The study which involved more than 29,000 healthy men and covered sex of all kinds including masturbation and
internal emissions confirms a smaller Australian study from last July that reached similar conclusions. He we can say this because this is clinical see it's a news story.
So it's okay. Yeah it was a little bit of who was like if it was like Jocelyn elders talking about masturbation and making jokes about it.
Then we certainly could not see and he'd have to open up his big mouth again. Most of the previous research into the question was on whether sexual frequency caused prostate cancer on the theory that increased production of the male hormone testosterone with prompt prostate
sub-growth the studies chief author Michael Litesman said an interview sounds like a Jew to me. But the new research found that ejaculation frequency is not related to an increased risk.
There was no adverse effect and higher elevations of ejaculation appeared to protect men from developing prostate cancer said Litesman a position and investigator at the National Cancer Institute.
Now that doesn't mean everybody should like you know start you know I'm saying. That's good news though. In fact if they want to check out Merlin Monroe on our website of the over the age of 80.
See if they're over the age of 80 we don't have to worry about them too much because that picture isn't going to arouse them.
I don't have to get accused of like doing all these road test things. The study suggested that frequency ejaculations may decrease the concentration of chemical carcinogens which readily accumulate in prostatic fluid and may reduce the development of crystal
Lloyd's which have been associated with prostate cancer in some men crystal Lloyd's. What's on crystal Lloyd blue persuasion Tommy James.
The prostate is a small grant that produces some of the fluid for semen and other naval love.
Good catch there.
Prostate cancer is the second most common kind of cancer after skin cancer diagnosed among U.S. men and is highly survivable if caught in time.
The new study published this week's Journal of the Mercamedical Association was based on an ongoing survey covering a variety of health issues of thousands of men 40 to 75 on a study began in 86 and 92.
They were asked to report the average number of ejectal issues they had per month during ages 20 to 29 40 to 49 and during the previous year.
I mean are there guys like writing it under one like when you're in jail you know you're right down the number of days on the wall.
I never heard of that you never know in later surveys the rest of the report if they've been diagnosed with prostate cancer.
The survey which covered a thousand seventy nine prostate cancer patients in twelve hundred fifty nine healthy men found that those were at least once a day in their twenties were a third less likely to develop a prostate cancer.
The more you flush the ducts out what are you doing John am flush the ducts out.
Never a doubt before the weather is a good line for you okay. Hey Tommy what are you doing over there flush my ducts out.
The more your flesh it when it doubt flushed them out that's what Moe always says right.
The more you flush the ducts out the less there is to hang around and damage the cells that line them Graham jobs read author of the earlier study said at the time.
Lightsmen said his new study is consistent with the Australian findings and may even be stronger because it tracked them over time rather than asking to recall the
ejaculation frequency how to how could you remember that only after they'd already been diagnosed with cancer.
So there you go when it doubt flush it out can we say that anymore.
Hi thanks so not when not when they know what it means if you speak in code and you keep the code secret then it's alright but once they know what you mean once
around you then you can say no more so when it doubt it out George W look at that he is off to the races man which of these people
makes you want to puke when you see him on TV George W Bush 280 I was watching his performance yesterday you know I say with great
sadness art president he is he's a moron he is an absolute moron he was talking about all the stuff is going on you know all
the latest attacks and falloo just go and crazy in their dragon bodies of American soldiers through the streets and he's going to make
a speech to so much of Bozo's he's saying we will not be intimidated if you ever notice anywhere that's got more than two
syllables he he likes and enunciates it like drags it out like he's talking to a bunch of little school kids like he wasn't
there a soda that day back on 9 11 you know I'm talking about yep we will not be intimidated like you see that I just said a word with a
whole bunch of syllables in an art you're excited aren't you impressed maybe he can't really pronounce it that well wow try to help himself maybe it's a
suburbable suggestion possible happy intimidated and just to listen to the whole the whole presentation I mean like like some kind of a moron
and there are still about half of the country that supports this guy believes he's a president no matter how many lies he
told no matter how many lies he sacrificed what is wrong with you people God it's unbelievable it would be like us right now
saying what you know LVJ was writing Vietnam and the Nixon too I mean what is that all about just like the people
I want to attack carry you can attack him for a lot of other things and being too face them both sides of a lot of issues but as
far as coming back from Vietnam and having the balls to say hey guess what it was wrong and we're butchering and slaughtering people over
there and this is all about nothing I say more power to him just like those people that were crucifying Jane Honda
Hanoi Jane all of that crap giving Eden comfort to the enemy all that baloney 58,000 kids they brought back in body bags and we still haven't
learned our lesson now we got the same crap going on all over again we got half the cut 57% think we did the right
thing by going in latest poll the other day 57% think it was right for the Iraq attack that's not crazy people based
on what did they have weapons of mass destruction no were they connected without kind of they have anything to do with 9
11 but other than that but Sodom was a bad guy he's a bad guy that we put in power to we arm to the teeth he was our puppet against the
ran against the Shaw against the I told a rather the Shaw was another one of our puppets see every time we put in a puppet something
happened something bad how are you doing Haiti by the way I'm sorry Colin Paul said now we don't want to look into that
just forget about it just leave all enough of that face that's the model with Colin Paul no matter what they ask him
if you notice that matter what the question is it's good about it yeah he must be listening to the
most show okay let's get back to the pool okay I'm getting really worked up and I'm not going to change any
opinions I mean those people are one I keep voting for Bush and kissing his ass and cover up the truth
they're going to keep doing the same it's it's pathetic not about politics in this particular
occasion it's about the future of the freaking world about a bunch of lunatics wolf woods and pearl and
shinny and rumsfeld who basically are running the whole government while this bozos running around going I will not be
intimidated WQM hello WQM hello Q I am yeah I'd like to give my opinion on why people seem to be so
apathetic and not going to do anything and what is that sir when when they institute a draft again I think
it affects people closely and their children are involved I think things will start to change yeah a lot
of our troops are going on their third tour now yeah eventually they have to be
released and I think they're running into that problem right now yeah the draft may be coming
man that's the one was that's a rumblings we're hearing if the Bushmaster gets in a rigging
90 of a 2005 six whatever else going to be five they're talking about the draft to just keep that in mind
okay because now we need more troops interact because we don't have enough to have all this chaos
that's absolutely totally out of control right now while the media is waiting here from
Condoleez aligned through that big gap at her teeth tomorrow out for a couple of hours I don't know what the big
cynicism is going to be because you know she's just going to lie and stone wall and lie is there any doubt nope no
26 past noon at 560 WQM isn't a time if your mattress is worn out lumpy and bumpy and you're not getting
the kind of sleep you ought to be getting that you call dial amatris get with it dial amatris backs
up everything they say they're advertising 100% but the competitors still lie like crazy they lie
through their teeth like Condoleez when you see a macros head making outrageous claims do
yourself a favor read the fine print here's an example of some of the lies waiting for you you see a big
ad that says no down payment no interest no payments for 24 months but the tiny print at the bottom reads
like an encyclopedia of disclaimers requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sale prices many times
not a single advertised that would qualify for financing interest penalties are 21% or more shoppers who need
financing the most rarely qualify but dial amatris ads have got no tiny print no disclaimers they are straight
shooters man they give it to you right up front when you call 1 800 macros will discover there's never
an extra charge for same day delivery dial amatris takes the same day orders all day long from
Kendall to Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers when you call 1 800 macros you pick the date
into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered when it's convenient for you when you're
going to be home and they'll actually be there they'll show up take away the crappy old vetting set up the brand new
in order to charge call right now and you'll see why 1 800 macros is ranked number one in the world
and overall customer satisfaction I've been calling these folks for years dial amatris reminds you to read that
fine print because they want you to know exactly what you're buying even if you decide not to buy
from them so do the smart thing call 1 800 macros or log on to their website at macros.com
dial amatris 1 800 MATTRES the honest way to get you a new bed and a great night sleep for years to come
you're sports radio 5 cc q a m
this if your toothpaste doesn't taste great your kids don't brush long enough which could lead to ugly
tater build up the solution regular check ups and brushing with new crust the tater control
toothpaste lays with crack cocaine
hey shut almost gun in there washing get the bushing
rust is not only clinically proven it's also highly addictive see your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush
come on Billy it's been 45 minutes
brushing if you're not careful you're going to wear those teeth down the little leaven oh god no
I'm almost out of cross hope your kids and a healthy habit for life brushing with new crust with crack cocaine
sure I'm going to be late for work now but it's good to see Billy brushing get out of me honest with the car jacket
Billy what are you doing I sit out really what are you doing got a car to get work
new crust toothpaste race with crack cocaine recommended by nine out of 10 drug addict
see the good news is Elise bill is said he was brushing out flushing 1231 at 560 WQM
which of these people makes you want to pick when you see him on TV George W. Bush 309
Rosio Donald 118 to do the ones like and triple digits their way ahead of the pack and good choices
Rick Sanchez 47 they just have the is he sure still on does anybody know
that I'm not sure I didn't have it seen it on the wall
hmm what do you mean by that you've seen the show I've see I saw it up like couple you know weeks ago I've seen it
I didn't like it but so he's still on pretty pretty lame Ricky okay go get a real job five Novak 25
Gloria all red 21 Oprah 21 that's a good pairing right there match made in heaven
Condoleez is moving up nicely she's talking with Dr. Phil like a 20 a piece Jeb Bush 11
and I don't remember putting Jeb Bush on there do you I guess we did call or call
do we put him on there earlier see that's what happens when you get old and feeble like me man
well that's right I was talking about the illegal aliens and drivers licenses but I'm sorry and we see him on TV
just on the news once in a while when he's making an announcement like that
oh sure all you illegal aliens here's a driver's license here's $50,000
here's a brand new 50 seven the Chevy that the recondition here's a
of voters registration card as long as you put the elephant on it
still keys to raise God nine they really hate that bitch you know it
L. N. D. Generat 9 Donald Rumsfeld 9 Paris Hilton 8 and Coulter 8 I'm surprised you don't have more
Sean Hannity 7 Dennis Miller 6 Christopher Reeve
4 Chris man he's got 5 whoopie Goldberg 4 Kiana Reeves 4 Dr. James Kennedy D. James
Kennedy 4 senior anti-Semite star Jones 3 Miss Bill C'mon she's got a pair
that's what the Brian Orkross says Rick Santorum 1 Bill Mara 1 and no votes out
of 600 say not none for Ben Stein Unis Kennedy a Schreiber Kennedy which I have no
idea why we put her on there anyway because we never see her Nancy Grace nun and
civil shepherdon have any I still can't figure out why people call in a name and then they don't vote for it
happens all the time maybe they just don't have no computer you think it's possible
no I don't believe it everybody's got a computer let's say Clarence says Jim
Norton called producer VL Frank and show they want you on as a guest today are you
out of your mind Clarence they want me on as a guest today the answer is no do that
crap okay I'm not on some kind of an ego trip I'm a daughtering old guy at 2 o'clock
I'm going to lunch just as Zach hilltay is not what I should be doing at 2 o'clock
absolutely a fat pig like me like Zach he knows 2 o'clock I'm going straight to
lunch I'm already eating lunch now Frank and show up why would I want to be on with
Al Franken for crying out loud I mean he's a good guy he means well but he's just
as wooden as a cigar store Indian he says I have no idea if you have any remote
interest doing this or even that kind of stuff I told him was a big question mark I'm
sending this in case I missed you after the show missed me after the show Clarence I'll be out
here like a like a lightning bolt it's made day my maid comes on on Wednesday
like I got Rick Generette standing in the door going may day may day you like Rick
Rick Generette he's great he's great he is great see Zach at least knows who Rick
Generette is which is good let's do some hockey talk we love those mayful
leaves there you know all that stuff come on let's go in fact the series is a start
tonight we got the Bruins and a Canadians who are nice Vancouver is playing Calgary is
that correct I think so yeah and who else is playing I Detroit who's the Red
Wings playing San Jose Detroit's my Colorado right are they I don't know not
not like the Western Conference I'll I'll look you okay I'm just reaching for
my national post day as you can be sure that there's hockey coverage up the old
back home here man they're just look at this what's hockey let's see opening
round Vancouver in Calgary Colorado in Dallas what do you know man St. Louis in
San Jose oh I'm sorry Detroit in Nashville that's right I was so happy to see
the predators make it because a little berry trots you know he's been a coach of
that team since the inception and somehow he keeps hanging around I think he's
got naked pictures of David Legwan but anyway it's Detroit I wish I had him Detroit
in Nashville at least it out of was tomorrow I'll see this isn't even tell you day
by day that kind of crap is that here's today's I can't find it I know that the
Bruins and Canadians are starting off tonight that's the important thing right
yep especially for the beast who's off the Boston yes I should have asked him who's
gonna go see the hockey game I'm sure he's a closet he's a as the Bruins family
don't want to talk too much about it because he realized it's a big turn off oh
and Tampa Bay against the islanders man that's the big deal today Tampa Bay in the
islanders there's the shock team of the universe the Tampa Bay lightning man they're
awesome anyway there's enough hockey please okay okay y'all they okay sorry what a
phony town man 55,000 phony screaming holes in the stands yesterday who you people
kidding you you hit it right on the head when you said tonight will be the acid test
it's gonna be the ass test and from what I'm hearing man with a drought conditions
there hasn't been a drop of rain scene in South Florida in a how many days now
but third man more than that so don't give me a song to dance about well you know the weather
and there's a cloud in the sky and a pigeon just dropped one we thought it was a
rainstorm starting no excuses pack that place world champion Florida marlins let's see
you know I'm let's put him to the test I'll talk a good game oh no near we're real
fans you'll see okay well let's see tonight's a test the cheapest ticket in town
man you can't go to the heat game you can't go to the Panther game you can't go
to the certainly the dolphin game for the kind of money you can get a cheap seat at the
Marlon game right that's right let's see here's a factor in Belgian Illinois who
says you're killing me with that guilty sound I can't even type I can't believe that Larry
King has made the point oh there's a good one uh-huh yeah uh-huh
even with the volume all the way down he makes me want to puke says that Jack and
Elgin Illinois thanks a lot Jack he says the girl he's done is just doing it for him
a lot that's my favorite definitely oh here's another one from Pracey and
Kendall great minds think alike Tracy she says her vote for the pool is Larry King he looks like an owl
and owl with suspenders I think that covers it well we got to say that Larry
let me just do this this is Paul and Ron should thank you I guess they're I think they're
fooling people by waiting week or so before stealing your material although they never
said they were taking a pool they were taking suggestions for someone you think is
attractive that others don't sound familiar even with your ideas they're sure still sucks
oh man are you kidding me what a disgrace castren over I know how to do a talk get out
of here Larry Tracy says I saw a great bumper sticker that said there's no flag big enough
to cover the shame of killing innocent people shame on you George W shame on you
says Tracy well said have a great day and go heat go heat oh no Tracy's on that
bandwagon now let me see his real fan you think probably not good well probably not
is right well that's all right that's the hot ticket and town right now the heat one
a few games are going to get to playoffs and even their what their how many games
under 500 really weak look at this al franken wants me on the show to talk about
to I didn't even mention this did I al franken to talk about the rush limbaugh oral
arguments now what the hell would I know about that I mean am I in the court am I
even in the state no well what am I going to contribute about that I want to talk
about fat ass limbaugh on all his pill popping his oxies and Wilma you know well what
do I want to discuss that for isn't that pathetic this is air america ladies
and gentlemen this is the liberal talk network that's going to counter rush
and it's going to counter all the right wing propaganda bill or rally in
fox and all this and he wants to talk to me about something I have no absolutely
no way of having any inside knowledge about what is wrong with these people
isn't that embarrassing seriously a little bit I mean you know he's when you
think he'd be talking to John Kerry and he's going to be talking to Al Gore and you
know big names man Michael Moore big names known by somebody make your debut
with a splash instead like Randy getting on there talking to John from Lake
Worth on the air america I mean come on you have to transcend the the parochial
crap Jesus I'm I'm humiliated and I'm especially humiliated a clearance is bugging me
with that crap hey get lost clearance okay he is he really is a bag you know what
I'm sorry forgot he's your boyfriend too huh Zach and the beast and clearance
and who else is in that friend stew gots now do you get stew gots guest numbers
also what are you talking about I'm talking about your friend stew gots over
there are rwR effects fox radio I look at many numbers the word is that he's been
getting the numbers of for guests from clearance and from inside from the beast
and other people inside that's the room where I'm hearing
calling our rate sports guests over to the competition man I think anybody who
does that well I'm not going to say a clearance but I'm thinking if I read
DDD D far did it hey let me tell you right now if you're on the
Atkins die right there they're low carb diets that's it's in not just in but
it's a sensation now all of a sudden after all these years after we croaked after
poor doctor Bob had that slip and fall finally that's what it took from the
croak and then everybody said oh guess what he was a genius oh he's dead but
anyway let's try that low carb diet so whether you're starting or restarting
the Atkins diet sugar buster south beach or any low carb sugar free diet the
lights of west mocus always been the story you want to head for because they've
got over 1200 low carb products and stock to choose from more than any store
in the universe they've got breads bagels can eat no bagels today though can you
oh hey especially if you're orthodox they got cookies crackers chips and
brownies chocolates carbolite ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheesecakes and
so much more and don't forget if it's new and great tasting in the low carb
blind lights I have it first before anybody else always the lights is open
every day seven days a week from 10 in the am till 10 in the p.m. and you can
always try anything the store before you buy it before you lay out any cash the
staff at the lights knows dieting inside and out and the Atkins brands product as
far as they're concerned they're on sale today all day everyday even
on simclastura the lights of west bokeh they're on the northeast corner of
glades in 441 right next to prestigious Boston market column tool free at 1 877
low carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B. around the web it's lowcarb.com there's only one
Gillette style to get go when he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the
but a cigar and her you don't mind well we don't know where a store
he goes I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and human
and then I can saw the term see the they saw her naked stars reportedly to go
in line that's when he was working hard late nights in the overy office working
on the practical joke he took a mac and noodle for an exploding load in for Monica was
blowing rings of smoke bills to go to Monica
she let's not a gay go every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the but a cigar and her you don't mind
or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband feel that Hillary was wronged
up in the Lincoln bedroom she was morning morning our door was doing her with bills old
morning bills to go to Monica she let's not a gay go every
friggin time he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the but a cigar and her
she know my walk and he is a man
a master is faster oh yeah
what you gotta do is take a trip or reload a cigar and put it oh yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah
146 and 560 w2 and we were living right through it boys and girls the end of the first amendment the
end of freedom of speech the end of freedom of choice the end of democracy and liberty in America
and the public is like but only like that oh there's John Kerry that is still the promise of our country
okay whatever you say John what and that was that was pretty good I mean it wasn't classic
it wasn't like the day we punched up Don Rumsfeld and he said
anthrax like that but it was pretty good oh by the way speaking of anthrax how we doing
with that tongue for those anthrax goofballs um we got them yet sure no this thing you just
the facts to me from the BBC this is the most disgusting right in the middle of the lunch hour if
anybody's on a diet I'm gonna help you out right now if not the better you better put your head
under the uh whatever you're doing I figured you'd like it let's see here let me do the other one
first let's see he's only local these days but if I see Rick Sanchez well it's on here already
Rick Sanchez in third place okay wow and president uh Lincoln still got that aching pounding throbbing
ache that ache and let's see worm diet treats bowel disorder and I did I guess they said this for
me with my irritable bowel yep oh is this gross people with inflammatory bowel disease could soon
be swallowing worms in an effort to relieve their symptoms oh my god scientists in the US have
developed a drink containing thousands of pig whipworm eggs oh lovely of starving yeah that's
what I'm gonna have for lunch then I'm gonna have me like a cheeseburger and a big glass of pig whip
worm eggs um trial suggests it can dramatically reduce the abdominal pain bleeding and diarrhea
associated with the disease the worms don't survive very long in the humans it says thank goodness
a cornda report in new scientists the drink which is called t s oh could be unceiling europe by
may if it's approved for use by regulators a number of studies have suggested that live worms
could be an effective treatment for conditions like Crohn's disease and colitis known collectively as
inflammatory bowel disease i b s in fact or i b d they call that one in fact some scientists believe
the eradication of worms from the human stomach over the past 50 years maybe behind the rise in these
conditions oh no as the number of infections by parasites such as his roundworms and human
whipworms has fallen the number of people being diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease has
increased in contrast the condition is still rare in developing countries where personal infections
are made common see so there's something like really good about being in some like in Haiti for
example see that yep i can't think of any other benefits of being there but there's one
scientists at the university of Iowa said they've tested their product on 200 people with a
condition they opted for pig whipworms because they don't survive very long in humans they say
symptoms disappeared and most of those who took part in the trial the findings are due to be
announced at a conference in may in the u.s with our new impressive results we can come out of the
closets and dr. jolt wine stock sounds like another Jew a gastroenterologist at the university
who's developed the treatment the product will be made in germany by a company called bio cure
jay i hope that the bear people are made to do with it you know the ones that made all that gas
to the nerve gas to kill the Jews during ww2 yep it has an applied to the european agency for the
valuation of medicinal products for a EU wide license to sell a product patients would take ts
oh around twice a month when you drink in there open worms
yeah prone disease ulcerative colitis other forms of inflammatory bowel disease appear to be
caused by an overactive immune system which causes inflammation in the digestive system the condition
is incurable and normal treatments include steroids which can reduce the inflammation all of these
have been known approved side effects like bulking up and playing baseball did i mention that peat roses
is a bag yes you did i can't believe i had a dump myself did you dump that also when i said that
i was about to i did really see we had two dumps that's one of the new words man
well see there you go muffin be really proud of our people are on the ball
Josh Cortist and man this guy is like he's got his thumb right on it well you heard that
other story i said before he's got his thumb on it because he's also probably got his
he's got to hold the buttons there for uh davan boring the cough button the dump button all
those buttons are at the ballpark huh no i listen when you're going into a coma when you're
nodding off during a i wouldn't be surprised if he puts himself into a coma when it gets to be
yellow middle of july middle august 100 degrees in the shade in the ballpark
come on dav wake up kick him in a side a little bit there davan boring terminal really bad guy
i'm not a bad guy personal that's not that not personal it's business one of the all-time worst
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t if rise wireless line glad that
everybody's whipped up about the Stanley Cup playoffs let's get some hockey talk going here at
George style university here in watch i see that they're interrupting john kerry's making a very
important address now do you want to hear john kerry if you're watching this you do want to hear
wolf blitzkrieg nobody wants to hear wolf blitzkrieg get off there you not see bastard you wolf
freaking blitzkrieg benefits for cuss see he's still talking kerry's talking in the behind but in
the meantime wolf blitzkrieg and there we go again that was the end of kerry won't see him no more
on there is that a disgrace or what that is just it's not acceptable it's not something you want to put
hockey on how he rose he's pretty good you like how he rose yeah you know how he rose does the
other games yes you sure i think so yeah you know how he rose from peat rose i know peat rose
i think you don't know how he rose do you see that's why you can't discuss hockey in south florida
because nobody's got the package in fact i'm going to say it again i want to say this very loudly
and clearly including you gilding mr hockey expert see it's one thing to watch the local teams
which uh that's okay but it's like football same thing all these football experts we have on qm
they're at the dolphin game okay well yeah now hang for example the Hebrew hammer he's uh whatever
wherever he espn send him that's where he goes every sunday or monday night wherever right yep
so he's covering one game so if it's a sunny afternoon game that means he doesn't see any of the other
games played at that time follow my grip yep mad dog he's doing the uh with moha or david it's
absolutely too happy about it but he's doing the game with him the dolphin game right moha or david
he's broadcasting the dolphin game gildy he's uh twirping around somewhere you know what the hell he's
running around yeah he's running around and the dolphin thing through he's part of that broadcast
so they don't see all the other games unless unless unless you've got in your home a satellite dish
unless you've got the hockey package the NFL put uh package and all of these other things that
the major league baseball package how can you possibly sit and have an educated conversation
about sports how can you know what you're talking about am i right yeah unless you actually walk
just as an example i i see more hockey games in a week in again any given week than anybody on
this radio station does in a whole season okay or in my life or in your lifetime well that's because
you don't care about it in Josh courteseries not saying anything so obviously he don't know a
hockey puck from his ass what's a hockey puck uh huh you're ass oh speaking of ass look at this
you see who won the uh this is this is so depressing to me and i probably shouldn't even read this
do you see who won the two point four million dollar jackpot in land of city in the slots
no you didn't see this no somebody's mother who needs the money i'm sure like you need hemorrhoids okay
oh i did hear about this this jayla's mom yeah oh my god
rectum yeah that's the word rectum oh no how did Jennifer Lopez's mother
won a two point four million dollar jackpot while playing dollar slots in the land of city on
Saturday night like she what a loopay Lopez what a loopay hmm sounds like a real beater to me
what a loopay Lopez 58 in the orc was playing wheel of fortune at the borgata hotel casino in spa
which he had for two point four twenty one uh and a bunch of other change million just before eight
o'clock Saturday night according to casino casino spokesman Michael facenda i'm sure not related to
the great late john facenda he's due the NFL uh highlight games the pen of john facenda oh yeah
denied knowing of any relationship between the jackpot with see the one thing would sack no matter what
name you oh you know uh uh how he rose oh sure oh yeah you are so full of it what do you mean
you don't know how he rose like i said from how he uh how he's restaurant in fact that's
the only how is you know i thought that's who you're talking about the the older the bacon people
how anyway us weekly in people magazine report upcoming issues that go out of loopay Lopez is
denifers mother the casino spokesman said we didn't know who she was
Jennifer Lopez's publicist rob shooter declined a comment us weekly reports that are us weekly
reports that go out of loopay Lopez plans to use a portion of our winnings to start a hundred
thousand dollar college fund for her two grandchildren will ain't that nice and i'm sure like i
said they need like a luchin cup as the Chinese say right man oh man there's no justice man
there is no justice in this world the rich get richer and everybody else just sucks hide win
you know who we need to go to for justice don't call your own that's it that's the only place
you're gonna find any justice because you won't find any in the Atlantic city and certainly not in
not in Vegas that was a bad finger on my part just to keep Josh on his toes there
oh you should see me as i'm probably jump two feet in the ear when you agree with that
well you know what i'll slip of the finger good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the 18 team for eyes more or less one i want everybody on the way to that ballpark right now the
games not till seven oh five i want to start seeing some action baby not just this opening day
i still i'm i'll say it again i realize i'm way out in the limon this i'm often at all in my
world of my own as usual but the big deal with opening day i don't get it all look at that i
already threw away the one and two hour log i need another copy the one and two i guess i threw it away
not that i'm getting ahead of myself but i schmit can the one and two hour you like that i like that
i'm looking for that way just by that golly bit the whole time during the
okay that's what you're gonna hear between one and two all day today folks i like it in fact i
have it in two different places because i know i'm gonna be using a lot so i can like do real
well i can do a whole bunch of you
okay yeah we can do it the whole way okay calm down keldie wow so what am i doing here i'm doing
this pop but you don't forget thanks me that uh log in the last page as i ain't got it
boy and you know what you don't probably won't inspire me for that was yesterday that two hour show
man that was great and we're jumping into the gun ten to noon i like it i love it
that is perfect two hours don't you think two hours is enough for everybody yeah
or there are three i can handle three we'll start with three and then we'll whittle down to two
as i age rapidly plus fifty seven at five sixty w de q a i'm springing the savings right now and save
like never before on a new car truck from armstrong toyota homestead on us one just 20 minutes south
of the eight thirty six armstrong toyota homestead worth the drive because they're gonna save you a lot
of cash man thousands of great new toyotas check out the great least deals waiting for you right now
an oh four camera your four one ages two hundred and sixty nine a month for 48 months how about an
oh four highlander just three oh nine a month need a truck how about an oh four toyota ten with the
safest truck in america you pay just a hundred and seventy nine bucks a month for 48 months these
are just a few of the great savings going on right now at armstrong toyota homestead general manager
david rich and the staff they always tell you they'll do just about anything to make sure you get
you into a new toyota today experience the armstrong toyota homestead difference they're locally owned
and operated committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction to their service department is
even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on easy to get
there there a us one two ninety third street in homestead just twenty minutes south of the old eight thirty
six armstrong toyota homestead offers free tires batteries and replacement parts for life let me
say that again you heard right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else does that so
don't waste your time with those mega dealers of car giants who always give you big song dance
and then under deliver call david rich the gym at armstrong toyota homestead right now call three oh
five two four two thirty two forty seven nobody know where I'll cut you a better deal three oh five two
four two thirty two forty seven drive a little and save a whole lot on that great new toyota at armstrong
toyota of homestead my and love this is for 205 city
not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon it's a great privilege to be here at outline a new
budget i throw darset aboard to come up with a number of cash relief in my plan no one will get
relief for lower income families you'll never get ahead and this president doesn't care and won't
my attitude is government should stand in the way of families achieving their dreams together we
will do so i hope you'll join me in standing firmly unrestrained some say my
is too big others
others say it's too small
I respectfully disagree this is just right
it's 102 at five sixty w a m only this enormous Kent is emailing me stuff here right in the middle of
show i'm on the air here normal okay plus i don't see anything and that's something when
somebody emails you something and there's nothing there blank page huh blank page it's a blank
page it just has a website i'm on the air right now normal k go away five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a eight t and t and for his at wireless line it is unbelievable how useless
some people are whenever less than that you're doing something normal hope you're still alive it's
uh... see which of these people makes you most want to puke when you see them on tv
George w bushes winning hands down three hundred and forty three
Rosie O'Donnell one thirty seven rickie tiki sands his fifty four dr. Phil twenty seven
Bob Novak on crossfire i just like saying it the way he does because he makes me sick
he is so he he just got a broadcaster okay forget about the fact that he's in nazi and allow
any outed Valerie Plame forget about those if you can he's just not a broadcaster you know
he's a broadcaster like uh like you know what is a broadcaster
Bob Novak twenty six Oprah twenty six glory all read twenty two condolese a twenty one
Donnie romsville crummy rummy's got fifteen and quarter that bitch has twelve jab bush twelve
schmilkeys nirase got eleven per sultan ten shan handy ten and everybody else
single digits and i'm sure there's lots more coming right yep five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a eight t and t and for his at wireless line w k u m hello not there
w k u m hello k u m going once w k u m hello hey how you doing pretty good all right listen
uh uh uh uh vote and an idea yes sir hey the vote is uh obviously Rosie O'Donnell who if i was a lesbian
i'd switch back to guy so frickin other uh the other thing is remember money night football
he said i have a tv set up in bars all over the country that one uh how i could sell a come on
a halftime the winner of the lottery would get to throw a brick through the tv really i never
did oh yeah well i don't know and you know you're pretty sure by any way yeah they would take that
and put that in bars around the country now put Rosie O'Donnell guys will be flocking to the bars
yeah that's a good point get their name on there that's a great break through i mean i could tell you
she like to say she she you look up in the dictionary ugly and there's a picture of her right okay thanks a
lot pal I'm with you somebody say don't like Rosie she makes me nauseous she's a good solid second
place in fact she she's not gonna give w run for his money but she's your uh light years
at everybody else nobody can touch that bitch and of course who in their right mind would want to
w k u a m hello uh equally as disgusting as the president is uh dick can you put him on there
yeah comment well that's because we never see him probably but that's a good idea put Dick
Chani on on those very rare occasions we see him like what he was in Cincinnati throwing out the
first pitch you see that yep chicken ends with employers i was amazed at his comment when he said
goddard's an awful lot of black people in this locker room i didn't say oh marge shot i think
said it all of she ain't there no one did she die i think she croaked didn't she i think i
think she did last week we better look that up last week yeah no she didn't die last week get out of
thought i was just recently i think she croaked because there were more stories about that bitch marge shot
what a nasty rotten piece of crap she was i did my research on how he rose by the way and
and i found out what all about him now so now if you ask me again i could say yes i do know who he is
and he's good he's a very good now see does he islander games on uh whatever whoever it is
as a fox in the or whatever it is a game yeah fox works on i guess out there right and he's also
doing the met stuff this year also to see really the 2004 season we'll see how he began his role
as a full-time radio announcer on all met games well i'll be damned oh and that's part of
now maybe that's the oh maybe that's the job that booster was gonna get or he was gonna work with
how he rose or whatever boo god love you baby you're a good guy you're a great talent but you made a
bad mistake if they really offered him that job turning that down don't you think i think the
York is a great place to be god i mean it's a very special place to live and i realized maybe
the money wasn't as good as whatever the marlins might be paying him which i doubt but uh man to
be there doing the meds what a stepping stone to greatness oh i think that he was gonna have to
spoon feed Ralph kinder his problem in between innings though is he still on the on the air
oh i don't know Ralph Kiner did you ever hear him do the games after he had his stroke
no i did not oh you have to be joking me here's right the eyes is kind of like now he's
i seriously the man cannot talk i don't want to be disrespectful okay because i've had a
couple of minestrokes myself but this man had a very bad stroke and the meds he put them on the
air Ralph Kiner he cannot speak that's not too smart no but then against New York thinking
to whatever they want look at all the years they have the scooter run there wq amp hello
yes anybody uh to just bill a Riley not yet but that's a magnificent choice thank you thank you
very much in fact there comes there comes some of them pinworms in fact when bill or
rallies on my tv the pinworm starts jumping out voluntarily five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wait i don't want to because it is very a lot of people
are still eating lunch or going to wait to it i don't want to gross people out too much but stop
and think about all the different microscopic stuff that's crawling around on your body at all times
yummy i bet you don't stop and think about that maybe that's a good way for you to lose weight
Zach just take a picture of someone with those things that's on your butt take it on your refrigerator
oh no i can't do it you know what i'm talking about haven't you ever seen those magnify they magnify
at 50 million times you know and it looks huge yeah and it looks like this gigantic thing from
Mars this nasty you're all with it and falls around yeah just crawling around by the way it's
part shot in your hand person Mars shot is dead all right here are some good news all these
all these dead soldiers all this terrible stuff going on but the good news is
Mars shot is pushing up daisy oh thank god she died March 2nd wow maybe Pete Rose can join her
w.a.m. hello hi what's up Danielle speaking oh hi i wanted to say Trent lot
Trent lot is a beautiful thing especially when he's got them pom-poms on they're doing a
really routine can i just do one more sure oh who's the blonde and culper she's on there oh she is
okay great meow can i ask you a question okay as far as a 9-11 goes you think they'll ever find out
who touched in on the stocks for American Airlines no no no can be that hard to figure out though
but i bet you that if they looked in Saudi Arabia they can probably find out who it was yeah exactly
i'm telling you right now thank you have a great day the Saudis and the packies baby we're busy in a
rack uh spent all these billions of your tax dollars and all your uh kids are getting killed over
there and butchered and believe me today it's just total chaos over there and the meantime if
we're going to attack anybody after Afghanistan the Taliban and getting uh and of course we never
followed up there anyway with the warlords are back in business again and the opium business the
poppies are everybody's running around the country going i poppy and they're not the holios
bigger than ever but the Saudis why the hell did we never do it they had the history of the
Saudi world family on the biography channel the other night very interesting uh very depressing
and about how during the Arab oil embargo was 73 74 they just arbitrarily quadrupled the price
of oil overnight about a being like that that was the time if we had a present with any balls in
which of course Nixon had his own problems during those days say that was a problem
then we had Gerald Ford who couldn't walk in two com at the same time and then we had Jimmy Carter
that peanut farmer from Joja who was spent most of his time running around trying to keep his brother
from peeing in public yeah that's right that's what Jimmy had to do we had to spend most of his time
on a bad phone finding out where Billy Carter was all the time so they keep him from peeing on the
side of buildings in public all the time that was the prestigious Carter family what about your
retards and the meantime we should have gone right into their Saudi Arabia we should have kicked
their ass throwing out the world family taking over the world fields and you people be paying
15 cents a gallon of gas right now guaranteed right yeah instead it's two dollars
and I got news for you mr in some places in the west by the end of the summer it's going to be
over three dollars because on a west coast it's already like two and a half bucks for premium
I'll start losing weight soon I'll be walking everywhere there you go and as you're walking
along maybe some of them bugs are going to like jump right off your body only if you uh
micro you know I'm serious what you ought to do they have they have these places you can probably
find it on the internet where they have like pictures of fat if you would take a picture of 10 pounds
of human fat I'm talking about a color picture you know that yellow nasty and just take it on your
refrigerator I lose a thousand I lose a hundred pounds in three days I know you were you just
to eat out a lot more that's all that's it 12 minutes after one at five sixty WQM if you're in a
dead end job like Zach who's in two dead end jobs especially that sex job you got man away things
are going out forget about that I wouldn't I wouldn't make any long range plans for that I'm not
the sex police the porno police the word police they're all out there they're going to get you
but anyway if you're underpaid no for work then you just don't have four years to waste on college
or the money to pay for that expensive tuition this could be the answer to your prayers fast
train call them today what do you got to lose beside that crappy job and at schmuck of a boss
call toll free one eight six six fast train because these folks can really have you trained
and certified for a great new high paying computer network professional career and they can do it
as short as four months you can be fully trained and ready for that new career by the end of the
summer fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule no matter what it
is fast train offered job placement assistance and financially to people of qualify two they've got
seven convenient floor locations to serve you so don't delay check them on the web if you like
first fast train dot com and then make that call that can get you out of your rut change your
life for good call toll free one eight six six fast train and be sure and tell them when you call
this will really put you ahead of the other the other of the pack that Todd direct told you to call
one eight six six fast train
my life and look all this is for trade oh by 60
you way to way yeah
anytime they see that we're lacking it's a call
oh
they broke out ahead like that will be you by the
no
yeah
you say they stand is the one
the
now they have only one
day
till
door
know
5
sis
Can't get any government or own party country, please
You believe in what they say, like a girl
Like a little fool, I say you can race
A state of respect for the poor, a true
Close the election, we're gonna arrive
Push it's got it in with we're gonna
Get down on your knees, we got it
We're gonna fall, we're gonna fall
We got it
I just got this back here
It says what about adding the biggest bag to your list?
I remember, so was this user act that put bad word on there?
Yes I did
I see, good, well, being brought into my attention
I'm curious, does Josh, you have a list of the words sitting right there in front of you?
I do in the other one
No, but I know that was one of the new seven that we got
Right, so now we got the original seven and now we got the dirty seven
We got 14 words that we absolutely must not say
And one of them is bag and then of course is always bag with an S and with a D
Anyway, the Reverend Jesse Jackson, that's another very good one for the list
Jesse Jackson put him on there right away
That bag, that exploiter
Let's see, Brian Norcross, this is when I see Brian Norcross
My stomach wretches, my balls turn and my anus closes for the season
And look who it's supposedly from, I'm not saying that on the ear
Okay, has something to do with it
Okay, that's enough said about that
Next thing you know I'll be saying bag again
5670560, hey listen, what am I gonna do?
We did our best, I was just looking on Scotts StopFCC.com website
It's slowed down to what trickle knives that 154,000 signatures
Which he'd have like probably a million by now
But the problem is when you're, I don't know what his deal is
But I'm not gonna raise money, I'm not gonna ask people to send in money
And then buy an ad and then find out that this guy is, I don't know what the deal is
Who knows he could be another David Birkerwitz, I don't know
I mean even behind the scenes, even surreptitiously he's like in hiding
Nobody knows his name, nobody knows what it's all about
What he's eventually really gonna do with his signatures
So why should I continue to pat my head against the wall?
Here was a chance of a lifetime, a major market top rated radio show
Was the one that collected money to put an ad in the largest circulation newspaper in a country for this guy
So we could have his million signatures
Which is a hell of a lot more than Mr. Ego in New York
Up there is doing what is big nose and his long hair
And it's 30 million bucks a year
But I guess whatever we are efforts were wasn't good enough
So we're lucky to Scott, because believe me you'll need it
Leave, now what is this?
I think there's still one I'm with a hearing with Limbaugh
Susan Candy-Odi is live
Where's my good friend Susan Candy-Odi?
Hi Susan
Hi Cara, the courtroom battle is over how prosecutors seized Rush Limbaugh's medical records last December
In their case looking into possible felony charges of illegal
We already know that, anyway see when she said it's over, it was bad reading Susan she meant it's over this
It's about this, not over
How about you know Zach Owen, I'm with Al Franken now, it's not too late, he's on the old tree
I'll go on with him
Zach Cranches is going to go on with Al Franken between two and three this afternoon to discuss the drug Rush Limbaugh case
In fact maybe we could play some of the bits we got for him would be good
And I'll even loan this to you
Just to show him a nice guy even though I'd rather go to lunch myself I don't have time to be doing it
But we'll loan you this
See?
There you go
That's perfect
I make Al Franken's audience wake up and listen, sure be a lot more entertaining than what he's probably doing
He's just, you know, he's another guy that's good and print but he's a wooden, he's just not going to cut him
I could be wrong, I hope I'm wrong
I just don't see it
WQA, I'm Hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Yeah, I wanted to check if you guys have an archive for your beaded curtain on your website
Oh, no, we're not yet, we don't
Who did you miss?
I missed yesterday in the stasha Henshridge
Oh, damn it, it was a great picture too by the way
Yeah, she's one of my favorites
Well, sorry, well, don't give up hope, we'll have it for you
That sounds great, thank you
Okay, stay alive and we'll have it for you
That's a henshridge, Henshridge
She was hungry yesterday, did you see that?
I didn't see it
He sounded so depressed about that
He was not?
He sounded so depressed
Look, let me tell you, he was depressed
Look, if there was somebody hot that you liked on there, we had Starknick and behind our beaded curtain
And you missed it and it was not nowhere to be seen again, you'd be pretty damn up here, believe me
Like Lucy Lou?
Like Lucy Lou, for example, did you see Lucy Lou?
I haven't
I'm sorry, I said pretty hot
Now that's just Josh being a smart ass again, because he likes Lucy Lou
Oh, brother
She's not a good guy
She's not a good guy
She is marginal at best anyway
I guess she's got the right parts though
We got Marilyn Monroe today, it is not the greatest Marilyn Monroe picture in the history of mankind
But it's okay, I'll give it about an eight and a half on the scale of ten, wouldn't you?
Yeah, about an eight and a half
Behind a beaded curtain
And there she is, and at least her, where they are, unencumbered by any kind of clothing, etc.
Look at that, well there's one of them anyway
I mean, what more do you want?
I bet you'd join a masjure, never saw that much
Can you believe that she actually did join a masjure?
I'm sorry, I just not buying it
I know that she had perpetually bad taste, she married Arthur Miller
Who was one of the ugliest human beings in the face of the earth, made Zach and me look like Brad Pitt
Alright
And Joe to Masjure, and who else, did she marry somebody else?
I think that was it
But man, oh man, were they ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly guys
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, but at least Joe to Masjure had a really big badding average
WCWAM, hello
Hi, I'm Neura
Yes sir, speaking
Hey, how about Donald Trump?
Yeah, I'm with you man, I've had it with him
I'm just oversaturated with a Trumpmeister
Especially because of the recent fame crap, what's up with that?
Yeah, yeah, awful
Thanks, Paul
Good choice, very good choice
With a bad hair, that's joy, you know what that reminds me of?
Although the show was entertaining about the first five minutes
It was on Millionaire with Registri, remember how the, oh, this is like Revolutionary
And ABC was so greedy man and so, oh, they were just falling all over themselves
Look at all the money Registri's making us and the show's got a 90 share of the Millionaire
And then they put it on 85 times a week and they started putting celebrity guests on it
And they killed it, they butchered
Like television is just evil man, no matter what they put on it, they butchered it destroyed
Isn't it, now that?
The hottest show is this Donald Trump thing so people can go on and see other people getting humiliated and getting fired at it
You know
I like your premise
Why, based on what it's all, I saw once it's a horrible show, the whole concept, it's just an SNM thing
That's all, you're just a sadist
You want to see other people be humiliated and treat the like crap
Yeah
You just want to get even now for the way Mo treated you
That's all, that's what it's all about
In fact, I think when Trump gets too busy with his other stuff like trying to save his casinos in a Atlantic City
He gets too busy for that, how about making Mo the host?
Absolutely
You're fired at it, huh?
Don't you think that's got some serious possibilities?
I think there's potential now
I mean, he's either fired or tried to get fired, everybody in building including me
What's that crap they played on the whole?
That's power
What garbage, the kids today don't know what's good
I'll be careful because I have no idea what the words might be in this
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head, you remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happy I live in a split level head, I'm happy I live in a split level head
You don't remember that?
No
Why am I surrounded by morons?
Come on, howie
Don't you call me howie?
There's nothing to put in action from you pal
No!
Come on now, you son of fattle!
Okay, that's it!
You're all fired!
You bad stupid, the fool
Oh that's right, just remember that the J word is in here too
We have played that one
It's in there a couple of times, what a good memory
But that was enough, that was enough to get the gist of it
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
WQAM, hello
Hey Neal, how you doing today?
Pretty good, pali
Did you see yesterday in the news, I think it was Hascroft
Can he be on that list by the way?
Oh yeah, we can put John Hascroft on there, yeah it would be interesting
I'll put him 12 times
He said we lost 12 Marines today, so we wanted to spend another 1000 over there
Right
Like what's up with that?
That's like saying, oh we just got robbed
And we'll reload the building
I was that Hascroft that said that or Rumsfeld, I'm thinking Rumsfeld probably would be
Oh what do you want to sell?
Yeah, but you know of them need to be on that list because they're both more on
Okay thanks pali, what do you say?
More on, oh
Yeah let's put John Hascroft on there, luckily we don't see him very often anymore
He's the busy covering up all of them statues in Roman and Florence
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
Which of these people make you want to puke when you see them on TV?
George W. Bush, 376
Rosio Donald 145 and they're just a million miles ahead of the pack
Rick Sanchez 60, small potatoes, Dr. Phil's God, 31, Oprah 28, Bob Novak 27
And after that it's like I said small theaters, small theaters
Can we say that?
I think so
We can't say theaters?
Yes
And Laura says please add Rush Limbaugh, well he's in the news today
And even though he don't have that TV show anymore, CNN has this obsession every time they talk about that story
They got to show a file clip of Rush sitting there behind a microphone talking down his nose to everybody
Pontificating about all those drug people, a lot of being in jail behind bars for the rest of their lives
Set him
That close to show you what a bunch of phonies most of the right wingers are man
Well one of their own gets caught right handed with 50,000 pills
Don't make any difference, one of their own who's been condemning everybody else
Here's the fact that says about your comment on CNBC that everybody belongs in jail
Please leave Maria Bartiroma watch, he's a queen. Oh God
It says her face and JLo is behind what a fantasy. Oh my god. In fact her face looks like JLo is behind
What is with these guys who think Maria Bartiroma like I said a million times she's got bigger bags under eyes than you'll find in public
And then it says the number one
I see what this is this is a talk show chronic okay talk show cry
Please go ahead with the Al yeah, please go ahead and do the American needs you the answer is no talk show groupie
We don't deal with talk show groupies on a show we only deal with sports talk show groupies
And am I right sports because all we care about it now you gotta say right boy that's more like it
One one
That was me sorry
Four or here's one more in Ellison
Board this is my favorite this is clearance boy
Five and the local this is five sixty
Three is all yours
Two
A
It puts the notion in the basket coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
They created one of the most recognizable hooks in hip-hop history
Unfortunately, that's all there is left of the song they were snapped
This is the most rare unexplainable phenomenon I've ever encountered paranormal researcher Hubert Black
That part of the song with a woman goes I got the power has become so indelibly stamped into the brain
That any memory of how the rest of the song goes has been erased from the public consciousness
In the university study professor wack gathered a group of test subjects into a controlled environment to try and isolate the part of the mind that could account for such a huge collective brain fart
I got the power
I got the most frightening test of all
Professor wack then produced the CD of the song itself and hit play
Okay, now you can see there the track one is playing and the digital counter is ticking off the seconds right but we hear nothing and then here comes now
Dan gone again silence that's some weird ass juju so far
The reason as to where the rest of the song went are in conclusion think of it the human psyche driven insane by hearing I got the power over and over again
Until it wants to him rage has perhaps gotten together to destroy a song that it can no longer tolerate either that or God just went
Hi, oh you're not with the singing and the powering it why hey lady I mean you know anything is possible
Can a song be wiped out by the power of our minds alone if so do you think we could do something about hey yeah
It's a big juicy shopping light look at show business tonight on inside the behind
You know how God sounds an awful lot like Gary Lewis in that video say hey lady like Jerry Lewis very close I understand why most everybody except the French hate Jerry Lewis like poison the French are pigs by the way just mention that in passing not all of them just most
133 at 560 WQA M we should have probably left L president to offer this and maybe rosy to them we could have a battle on our hands off this pool today it's pretty obvious
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA M
Neil yes sir oh yeah Neil I was kind of agreeing with you your call us until my wife said to me what she can't stand is those full of crap lawyers that just keep telling you to soothe the whole world on those commercials yeah yeah
and he I want to ask a question or do you remember guy Larry click yeah sure Larry click it is lemonade stand WB Z in Boston that's right right I thought he would I thought he was the best I had ever heard going back that is Larry click is a he's a greeter at legal
seafoods in book or somewhere yeah he's a lot of people doing well then huh well yeah okay we're great day he's still doing well well I guess better in lemonade stand
for Larry click very good was you don't know their books before your time he's to overnight so WB Z in Boston he was great I'm going to say it again if the risk of
saddening I can hold funny dirty which I am the these people were personalities man they were fantastic now let's see here's the facts that says I interrupted myself because it was going to go rambling on about that
but what's the point you know I'll go to your reasons for stopping your efforts on behalf of stop FCC calm are completely understandable well not just
understandable but they're mandatory from where I'm sitting because I'm not going to get myself into a jackpot including the concern you
expressed just before you stopped that you might be unable to afford the newspaper I'd have lots of donations to return I was one of those who used his bank
debit card to make a donation only hours before we decided to quit now the stop FCC dot US website is gone I like to know if my card is going to be
credited or if I'm going to be a rember you're not going to be charged in other words the charges weren't put through so it would be credited if it did go
through in any way it'll be credited I would appreciate either a personal reply or explanation on the air what people in my position will do to get
their money back many thanks thanks for rust rust in cocoa thanks for attempting to help always try doing that but you know how that works with a debit card I really don't know I think if they didn't charge even
if they charge it they'll throw right back on there it's all right it's all like a credit card when you got to wait like 30 days or no no you won't have to pay it you won't be
charged because Eric never deposited the charges so any of it so there you go and if not the exact he'll pay it out of his own pocket whatever
was I think rust donated like a thousand dollars I got like four five bucks in a row I just made that up he donated like I think 50 grand to Josh oh nice you guys work on it go out in the corner of
Ives there before the ball game tonight you can go out there with a tin cup of gate G and make collections okay to pay back all these people don't worry about it Russ we're not
charging anybody we're not running off of your money although we got some great items on the beastly auction if you'd like to get some of those now let me ask you this did your rose get
sucked into that because George has always told me that I'm the only one on a station stupid enough to read all these liners that they send no joke
complaints to me every day yeah and he had to read that thing about that fake action to the race hell about that he reads them all I put them in his face and he
raised hell about that after we found out that it was a for-profit deal oh I don't I'm not sure well you should bring that up to him
tomorrow tell him look at that maybe he doesn't even know about it yet yeah you're right because he don't listen to this show he's got
nothing to do with this show we have no interconnection between I liked you a lot but he's you know he's in a world of his own 10 or two he's
out of here right old blockhead and he's listening to a Fox Sports probably well that's just this thing most of the guys in a station want to hear only about boy they don't
know what else is going on the world but anyway that deal with a beastly is our auctioning off stuff on a QM website that is so
smartly man and it's presented to us with this liner to read about oh well we got old used dark straps and all the baseball gloves
and autographed t-shirts and we think well this is another one of those in a long series of charitable donations that we're going to make for some good
cause and come to find out it's a beastly enterprises another revenue stream his parents put it well stream this you idiot I you
make sure you do you know about it so you don't you am hello yes sir sounds like me yes
okay a couple things you're talking about ring though before you know you broke up the network up the people
the other one that had it was either a number one or a top 10 single to them nobody else is not in the park what were they I don't remember the name
there's a lot of other cocaine and drinking wine and I'll buy the floor or something well I'll tell you let me look at my book right now okay why do you talk
yeah he's one he's coming back yeah no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
any works how long they they stay is the head of the FCC, other everything I don't know how long it works but they're all appointed so I let's just to try it and then we'll find out. Let's see, don't come easy back off Google you're 16 photograph, oh photograph that was one of them. Bring or start.
I think it was really good night.
Can you have a album with them?
Nope, no, no song.
Only you.
I don't see any other big hits here.
The only ones that don't come easy.
Back off, Google U-Foot, a graphics 16, oh my, my.
Only you.
And the first one was talking about it one night.
I remember it got a month ago.
And he was the only one who did it in the top 10
or a number one.
OK, thanks a lot, pal, and get a new phone.
And say, out of for real.
Hey, for real, it's coming back.
He's going to kick my ass.
Could be so obsessed with me, for real.
Don't worry about this thing on the air, period.
I'll be going to do it.
Keep a job.
How long has he been there about the, how many days?
About 30, man.
Atlanta.
And now he's already worried about coming back to Florida.
Right.
Man, he just out of control.
20 to 2 at 5.60.
You have the Mad Dog from Augusta.
We're going to have a lot of nice white people up there.
At the Masters, you'll be out of two.
All my days in Illinois, we're sports radio five 60.
It's you, A.M.
Bye.
Ah.
F***.
Oh.
Can't believe the language I hear on TV.
Every home of word is an obscenity.
A rank used to be that came up was a whole lot worse.
But now the networks let their act discurs.
There's no women's sites with this obscenity.
All the dialogue and teeth for fantasy.
Oh, wearing like a sailor on a pre-day pass.
Words are a whole lot worse than ass.
Welcome.
F-1, F-1, how will it be?
It's for the drop the F-1 on that word TV.
F-1, F-1, there's no telling where.
F-1, F-1 on the U-P-L.
Please don't say the F word.
Okay, we won't because Josh has got his finger on it right now, man.
He's just leaning on the heavy.
142 at 5.60 WQ-A-M.
Don't forget Marlon's in the expose again tonight.
Any interest?
55,000.
Now you were there yesterday, Josh.
What was the ambiance at the Ballpark light?
It was lively.
It was like opening day.
Yeah.
I guess that's because it was opening day.
Was it like the seventh game of the series?
No, not even close.
What do you mean by that?
It was like a playoff atmosphere.
In other words, the game was just 1-1-62, but it was opening day.
And everybody felt compelled to be there.
Yeah, basically.
Yeah.
Now what about Dave Van Boring?
Actually, I had a spy report.
I don't want to say it was from the Beast.
But early this morning, I had a spy report that Dave Van Boring was somewhat animated on the last out of the game yesterday.
So that's the point.
You must have hooked him into ribs.
Is that correct?
Yeah, he had the opening day jitters.
So in other words, tonight he'll be back to his comatose usual self.
Is what you're saying?
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-0.
Does he?
He doesn't comment to you about any of the things that are said about him on this radio station.
Do you ever have any verbal intercourse and a change about that?
No, he hasn't said anything to me about that.
No, he don't listen to this station.
And you want to know why?
Because he's like clearance and he's like the X-Jocks.
That's it.
That's his thing.
He's all about sports.
Right, that's all.
I don't want to hear all this.
He's even crapp going on here in the midday.
This anti-sports stuff.
George W. Bush, which of these people makes you want to puke when you see them on TV?
W is about $399.
One more for 400.
He'll do it.
You can do it, W.
I got confidence in you.
Rosio Donald 157.
Rick Sanchez 64.
Dr. Phil Thur...
See, the thing about Rosie.
Now, this sounds insensitive, okay?
Being a fat grotesque slave myself.
But looking at her, regardless of what she says, what she stands for, what she's like,
you don't need to follow what I'm saying?
I do.
Even if you agree with a lot of what she said, which other than gun control,
I can't think of anything else I agree with her on.
But she's just so nauseating to look at.
Is it the New York thing?
Is it the fat?
I think what it is.
It's all of these things.
Yeah, a combination of just that whole ball of wax.
And I do mean wax.
Man.
Oh, God.
Dr. Phil's got 36.
He's disgusting.
Oprah...
Look at that.
He's even leading Oprah.
She's got...
5-0-28.
Gloria Allred 26.
Condoleezah 24.
Ancorder 17.
Crummy Rummy Remsfeld 16.
And Sean Handeldi 15.
Spooky's the Ray 15.
She ain't doing bad.
Now, the good news for you is that tomorrow we got Condoleezah, right?
That's right.
And since we got...
We're hooked up to every...
We got it.
You want the...
You want the BBC?
Well, you don't have it.
I don't think we have it.
But I got it.
Market boards.
Sponsored by Credit Suisse.
And that impressive, there's the BBC.
I like it.
If you want the BBC, we got the BBC for you, eh?
And people in your own family that don't want to hear what they don't want to hear.
See, there you go.
I bet you can relate to that.
People in your own family don't want to hear what they don't want to hear.
It's my health family.
We got MSNBC.
They'll give you the MS even though nobody's watching.
Christmas Matthews is a great interviewer.
You, sir, are against this war walk.
It just hits your heart.
If you don't answer, it becomes back out to you.
We're not getting anywhere unless you answer my questions.
He sure talks funny though.
Don't need Chris Matthews.
He talks really funny.
And then of course we got certainly that news network, which we're glued to just around the clock
because they might actually someday tell us the truth that I doubted.
And Franklin's CNN, they're in a commercial break.
So there you go.
We'll be hooked up with Condoleezah and we'll put some of that crap on
so that people will work their own field like they're missing something really dramatic, right?
Because everybody in the world is hanging on every year.
We're coming between their teeth.
I would think.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Law.
Let me tell you again.
If you want the real news, go to the Internet.
Go to the CBC.
Go to the BBC or go to hell.
But you'll never fight it on the American networks.
Never ever.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Maybe two.
Yes.
I have an idea for a future poll.
Yes, sir.
One famous question is that we think that have hit the wall.
Like, you know, I just, and I think it's going to be beautiful.
Just hit that ugly wall.
Okay, that's not a bad one.
Who hit the ugly wall?
Which of these has hit the ugly wall?
It used to look great, but now is grotesque.
That's a good poll for tomorrow, ain't it?
I like it.
Don't you think?
Sure.
Give me one real quick.
Somebody used to be really great, but now has hit that brick wall.
I'll tell you something, not that I like it, but the Dick Clark.
Used to look young all those years, you know?
That's it.
I thought he ever looked great, but he used to know all of a sudden man.
He aged.
He went from like looking about 40 to 90 overnight.
And of course, after seeing a Michael Moore movie, he all said, yeah, he deserves it.
We like the other Dick Clark, but not this Dick Clark.
Watch it now, Josh.
Careful.
I'm going to spend your money.
Don't start rushing the judgment, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, damn sure you read that book.
Of course, the rest of judgment by Mark Lane.
Yeah, many times.
W and Q and hello.
Yes.
Neil, more important than all the issues going on is how people are so queer and gay like yourself.
No, okay.
Thank you.
That's important stuff.
Absolutely.
How come I knew it was a real pull?
How did I know that?
W and Q and hello.
Yeah, you know, I tell you you're not my type.
Hello.
Yes, Phil.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering, I missed part of you show earlier, did you get the real picture of Atlanta's
more set up there that they were she fully exposed?
No, that was a put on.
It was a put on.
She had a like a like a phony outfit on a skin suit with hair and it wasn't for real.
Oh, it wasn't for real.
Because they've been blotted out everything down here.
I had a couple of seeing it.
They blotted it out.
Yeah, the naked was like a skin suit with a body part, stuff like that, you know.
My favorite thing is when she said it puts the lotion in the basket.
That was my favorite.
She was just making fun of America and the Janet Jackson thing, okay.
That's what she was doing.
I school in alainist, good old alainist more said.
She was a poking good fun.
And it's really scary that people here are scared too.
They just can't believe what's going on south of the border with all this puritanical crap.
I mean, if anybody see, used to be Canada because of their close ties to England,
was like about as puritanical as the Brits.
I mean, air really uptight and very prudish.
But once they kind of cut the umbilical cord and said, hey, get lost, hey.
Have a nice day, hey.
They told it, although we still do have the queen on the currency, which really pisses me off.
Why, why is that?
I don't know.
The queen is on the $20 bill.
She's a nasty looking bitch.
Why, I hate that bitch.
Don't you, the queen?
Oh, yeah.
In fact, she's about the only queen.
Well, her and Carlos, I have to figure out which queen I can't stand the worst.
Now, I'm looking now.
Let's see, who are all these people?
That looks like Bob Cole when he had a little hair out of $50 bill.
Who is that?
Bob Cole, who called the worst game in history and at the last game of the season, not a one of the least.
You know, Bob Cole, don't you see?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Hockey night in Canada.
You don't know who any of these people are.
In fact, I don't think you ever been to a hockey game in your life.
What is hockey?
$20 bill.
That's what the queen is on.
But other than that, she's still on the currency, but they cut the court.
And now we're making jargaine extra.
You know, whether it's game marriage and pot and all of these things, you know, and like moving in the,
all this stuff, stem cell research, moving ahead forward as opposed to backward.
$56.705, $60.
By the way, if Bush don't like it, he better watch himself because Paul Martin is going to unleash all the stars on the US.
So go quick picking on us.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
How are you?
I'm just going to hang him.
All right.
Anybody call you regarding?
No, I'm going to get you as soon as they say how they...
Anybody call you regarding one of the categories in the Nickelodeon awards they had on Nickelodeon last week?
No.
I'm sitting down yesterday afternoon because I show the repeats of my seven-year-old son.
And they have a five-minute segment and an award for the best celebrity fart.
Uh-huh.
And it was five minutes, nothing but movie clips and fart sounds.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I had a crush on it.
I had a crush on it.
I had your help, and Michael Powell don't get a hold of that.
That'd be the end of Nickelodeon, man.
They'll be done.
It just...
Just by my mind that you can't do that and...
...in closing.
That was just a raspberry, by the way.
Don't get panicking now, Josh.
See, that's just a raspberry.
I always qualify that very quickly so nobody thinks there was like gas or anything like that.
Just a little raspberry.
No.
Which is okay.
In fact, raspberries are good for you, aren't they?
Yes, see?
151 at your heavily censored station, 560, QAN.
I'm in law.
This is which when you're fighting, you are...
...you are.
He is for the Hormel.
Absolutely.
Out of your bush!
Where's the place you can land so that you can?
A boy be he in them now you said you...
...sejective duty just by my UV accent.
In your mind, George Bush.
Your position's a state because John Kerry...
...is out to sue your fate.
It's always questions about the National Guard that might leave your grip.
You nation starts.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You might burn back voter up to you
or you let them in, he'll be along the two of the Humper from the heat, where the white people are ones in the stands, that'll be from four to six thirty, then we got Marlins on deck six thirty to seven, oh five, expose to the Marlins, here's the true test for South Florida, okay? I'm gonna be watching very carefully, I might even take a peek to some of that game on TV, because Montreal will be televising, it'll be on here. And then it may be kept at a baseball game overnight, we sign off until five in the morning when Mo and Gildia do the thing. What's your guess by the way on how many people are gonna be at the game?
21,000. Really that much? Well, that's my challenge, because if the blue, if the blue jays who have just awful start now, seven, nothing, I mean the Tigers are like a little girls team, okay? And they have 48,000 people, keep in mind that since they got spoiled here, they won those two World Series, since those days the blue jays don't draw like they used to, because the people get spoiled and they're not so great anymore. So they're attendance like about 20, 25,000 a game lately. So they open with 48,000 opening day.
It was pretty good. And then 21,000 last night after a seven, nothing shall lacking. And then they lose again to the 463 last night. But if Toronto can do it 21,000, we're quite frankly. I think most people's minds here are someplace else beside baseball right now as far as sports is concerned. Wouldn't you think so, Zach?
Yes.
Even though you know nothing about it.
Huh?
You would know Joe Bowen from Jimmy Bowen.
I know Bowen.
So if we can't go and do as good as Toronto would baseball right now, would everybody worried about the Hispanic playoffs?
And let's see, we got the bronze and the Canadians as the ones here is I'm really fixate.
And I think the Canadians could upset the apple card. I don't want to piss off the beast, but he's on a way to Boston anyway.
He's probably there already.
Please go with his girlfriend.
He has a girlfriend.
You didn't know about this?
The beast has a girlfriend.
Oh my God.
That's one that's alive in another box.
One that you don't have to blow up with a hose.
Yeah. He's going in.
And I think that's I think he might actually be going with her.
Well, let's hear about this.
I don't know.
I know this is one of the most shocking developments in history.
The beast actually has a living and breathing girlfriend.
She's got a pulse.
Yeah.
And I thought Janet left town in that red truck.
No, come on.
Give us a little description.
Is she attractive?
No, he won't let any of us see her.
You won't talk about it at all.
So this could be just him talking.
I know a lot of guys with those plastic girlfriends.
Yeah, I mean his girlfriend.
Or it could be the girlfriend's name is like Bruce.
Yeah.
Or something like that.
Or pop.
Yeah.
Something like that.
Or Josh.
And I also heard that Zach's got a girlfriend is what I'm hearing.
Me.
Really?
That's what the beast told me yesterday.
Oh, here we go.
And I don't have a girlfriend.
I'm single.
You think working in that script joint all night,
you think that you'd be picking up everything that moves,
including some things you probably
have to get heavy medication for.
Well, I don't want to go that far.
Right on a spit.
That'd be great.
Oh, God, I'd pay extra to see that.
Condolees.
We'll put some of that on the ear tomorrow.
And colder 18.
There's another one.
And when they finish roasting Condolees
is as they can put a little an right on their two.
Right on the ass end.
Spilkeys in the race 16, Donald Rumsfeld 16, Sean Hannity
and Jeb Bush 15, a piece.
Paris Hilton's got a dozen.
L.N.D. Gen. 11.
Whoopi Goldberg 10.
Everybody else's single.
They're just small potatoes.
OK, well, this wasn't too bad.
It was a little bit too long.
I think about two hours too long, would you say?
Of course.
But tomorrow we'll work on like 10 to noon.
I think that one day next week, you
will be checked to schedule, which we don't have time right now.
One day next week, we have another Marlon game.
Love those Marlon's, baby.
The rate nothing like them.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah.
I'm going to watch your show on classic TV
on QAM, my name is for learning.
And that's the way it ought to be in Augusta.
The 70.
