In birthday, Joe Costello.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Space.
The final frontier.
These are the voyages of the starship overpriced.
It's highly expensive mission.
To put a man on Mars.
To seek out little green men.
To boldly spend more than anyone has ever spent before.
I love that music.
Mr. Spock, you think we should spend lots of money?
We don't have to send a man where humans were never supposed to be.
I mean, you love you, Captain Bush.
You need to loosen up there, Mr. Spock.
But I have no emotion, Captain.
Kind of like, down the rumsfeld.
Well, never mind.
Scotty, take something Mars at warp speed.
I can't eat you at Captain.
We need more fun things.
Oh, darn.
Well, maybe Dr. McCoy has the answer.
Hey, balls.
Can't you buy me some funny money for this year?
Mars mission.
Damn it, George.
I'm a doctor out of Enrona, Captain.
Well, it's only one thing to do there.
Setpasers are deficit.
Hello to the 560WQM.
How old is Joe Costello today, do we know?
I don't know, maybe 31.
Oh, seriously?
31.
Thirty-one.
Two.
Somewhere around that.
33.
29.
29.
34.
And anyway, happy birthday, Joe.
He's probably still sleeping right now at a mansion.
If he's got any brains at all.
I think.
You know, he reminds me of, I don't want to say it.
Why not?
Because you'll take it a negative way and you'll say something.
I don't mean it in a negative way.
I'm talking about there's something on his face that looks like Howard Dean's chin.
You know what I mean?
He's, huh?
His nose?
No, no, not that.
His nose looks like Howard Dean's chin.
Anyone, sorry, I said that.
A thousand and twenty-three votes on yesterday's pool.
We got heavy duty stuff today.
We got two polls, of course.
Which of these statements do you think you most strongly believe we asked yesterday?
Is most true, whatever.
None of the above the show is fine.
432.2%.
That's a pretty good endorsement, I would say.
We'll take it.
We'll take anything we can get.
That's good.
I'm impressed.
WQM needs for all back bad.
177.3%.
Is he coming back?
No.
So it's a mode point, okay, but you just keep waiting.
Now what was the story with Joe Rosas morning?
Was he just out of...
His son or something is getting recruited, possibly, for the sporting team somebody.
He wants to hold his hand.
Man.
Like I said, take the mind of the bank boys, okay?
It's outstanding.
Work whenever you feel like it.
All these guys, all these big macho guys, had it turned to me to be their leader.
George is a hard ass pick as next in our poll.
118.4%.
You moved up nicely and it was strong third-place showing.
I voted when I got home.
Clarence's gay 65, and not only that, but highly underqualified for the position and the chair and he's sitting in.
You're not a bad guy, Clarence.
You're not great, but get out, get lost.
He's got 65.
WQM has a death wish, 64, and I think Clarence is part of it.
Too much bush on the show, the wrong kind, 64 will make up with that for a second poll later on.
That's a bush, right?
Well, we're trying to like make up for lost time.
Greg Reed belongs on death row, 63 in vote, what I'd be delighted to pull that switch.
And last and very least, Neil is too angry, 41, only 3.9%.
So you Ojrán provocateur going about there, he tried to steer that come.
Oh yeah, everybody we talked to, they don't want to hear you anymore, you're used to be a lot of fun, but now you're too angry.
You're too angry.
Emotional cripples is what we're talking about.
Plus, it's a little a big cluster of fork that sit around having a circle director in the show.
The five.
One of them was the one that called yesterday about Michael Moore and I like that, and it was one hand.
But I just let him go, see, unlike you, I don't get all bad out of shape.
I don't let him go close in good time.
It's very entertaining.
It gets you all worked up.
You're like that.
Oh, speaking of that, so I watched the entire hour and a half debate last night and it ended just like Fargo.
They wrapped it up real quick and sudden and like, what just happened, you know, like that's the end?
Just happened.
It was, it was okay.
But like I said, and even the pundits, even the talking head pundits in the aftermath, which they killed a lot of time with that, they agreed with me.
And so did you.
Now, Shrupton and Dennis Cassinitz were far and away.
I mean, heads and shoulders above the others in terms of their answers, in terms of their command of the issues, in terms of having the big balls.
And the other guys were like, okay, except for Lieberman who's pathetic.
Who continues to be a Republican and drag and nobody takes them serious.
But it's interesting that two guys who do the best, they have the lowest numbers and all the polls for Scenic and Shrupton.
Coincidence?
Not amazing.
Well, it's just that nobody gives them, nobody takes them seriously.
They enjoy it by entertainment.
We like hearing the fact that they got a big mouth, but we know they haven't got any chance to watch you waste their vote on them.
Oh, the last of the flammus coming today, you're going to love it.
You'll be able to smell it.
But here's the amazing news from MSNBC this morning, the polls.
Before we get to that, poll number one, let's get that up there for the first couple of hours.
And then we'll build the other one all during the show.
Just for fun.
Now the reason I'm doing this is because I saw him the last couple of days they've been showing clips of Bubba.
And every time I see him, I think to myself, all please, please, can't we just change that?
Can't we have another constitutional amendment?
So that president can serve three terms, four, five, six, please.
And when I think of all of that crap that the right wingers dragged this country through, Kenny Star and all these other Nazi bastards, and Ted Olson, all these far-bisoned goyms.
Who were trying to nail his ass from the day that he won the election fair in square in 92.
He is gay, all this garbage.
Well, how come they didn't spend more time on fighting terrorism?
Because there were two busy fighting a bunch of right-wing lunatics about a stain on a blue dress. That was a big part of it.
At any rate.
So I haven't seen him, and he spoke to the Senate leaders the other day.
They came out with a big smile on their push. They liked what they heard.
Just for fun.
If Bill Clinton could run again in the elections today, who'd you vote for?
Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, neither, or I wouldn't vote regardless. We always have that hard-ass crowd.
We're not going to get me to vote. It's crap. It's a bunch of crap.
You know, they're the angry ones.
Maybe they're just not angry enough.
See, if we live in a country where the people really had any brains at all collectively,
I'll start to get a little bit smarter. That's pretty obvious now. They're getting pissed off.
Even the American public are only, they're only like mellow for so long, and finally, they start getting pissed off and fired off.
Like when they have no job, things like that.
Little like when too many innocent people started dying all over the place when they discovered they'd been had.
But the thing about this trying to make a deadline for the 9-11 investigation based purely on political grounds.
And then John McCain, who everybody always touts in spite of that big cancer is staying on his cheek,
John McCain says, well, I have a solution for that. How about not releasing the report to like January 2005?
Well, what kind of crap is that?
In other words, if they find a bunch of really damning evidence, let's just go ahead and have the election again,
and then you'll find out afterward you elected a liar and a thief and a crook again.
You can't tell us that before the election.
Why can't they just do it until they're actually finished with their work?
What a concept.
Whatever the information about why 9-11 happened in the negligence and who was responsible and who was feeding us a pile of crap.
Then the American public can find out. What a concept, huh?
Wow.
But like I said, if the public really was foaming at them out about that, I noticed that Dennis Gassettis was the one that brought up the project for numerous and centralized side and had the balls to say that they had decided ahead of time,
that they were going to invade Iraq, that it was already, they were just waiting for some excuse, which they found, like 3000 dead people in New York and Washington, etc.
So anyway, there's the poll. The first one, if Bill Clinton could run again a third time against the Bush today, and the elections right now, who do you vote for?
Let's see how Bobbittos compared to like Carrie and Dean did the last couple of times. What do you say?
Do you say those?
Do I say them? I don't need to say them. I kind of committed a memory. I committed.
Dean had about 67% to Bush 18 and Carrie had 72.5% to Bush 18. Got it?
Got it. Keep in mind.
Now, speaking numbers, let's throw a lot of numbers out there. What do you say?
That's part of the sports thing, you know?
22, 68, 49, 69, hike. That kind of crap.
I love when the players come out and they like, clap their hands when they come out of the huddle or the best is like when they're holding hands.
Such a, such a faggy thing. Anyway, go pay for it. That's what I have to say.
I like to hold hands with Tom Brady for a while.
With the total 269 delegates to be selected next Tuesday, seven states.
What are they again? Let's see. North Dakota, Delaware, South Carolina.
I should want to apologize for both of us. I keep making this mistake. He was born there, I guess, in South Carolina.
But the John Edwards is a senator from North Carolina. You should know that being a North Carolina near South.
Yeah. But we keep saying he's from South Carolina and it's his home state. It's pretty damn close.
You know, right down the O'Hershey Highway. We apologize.
And anyway, I think it was pretty bland last night. They said he blew it. It was his big chance.
He really desperately needs to win South Carolina. Right now, the Zabi pole says he's in a statistical tie with Carrie.
Every 25 Carrie, 24% and the full effect of Carrie's endorsement by black representative James Clayburn.
The state's most influential black leader has yet to be felt it says.
So they're like dead heat in the South Carolina so far.
In the other states in Missouri, this is shocking.
This is the latest Zabi pole. Missouri. Carrie's got 45% at John Edwards, 11%.
Nobody's even close and Dean's got nine in Missouri. Ready for that?
Oh, well. And Arizona. Carrie's got 38% Wesley Park 17 and Howard Dean 12%.
Percent. Are these numbers staggering?
The only place where Carrie's not leading or in the time for lead like South Carolina is Oklahoma,
where Clark leads all his rivals with 27% followed by Carrie at 19% Edwards third at 17%.
So it looks like Carrie if he wins a couple of these or maybe three of them, especially Missouri.
And especially South Carolina, can you imagine that?
Because the rap has been, oh, well, he can't win in the South and he's a liberal New England piece of crap,
Kennedy liberal, all of a sudden a bull crap, you know.
People are tired of cliches. They're interested in that.
Just tell us what you think, what you're going to do.
And we don't really give a crap out all of cliches.
It's just like all the other, the right wingers last night. Well, you know, what's that gay marriage thing comes up?
That's going to really turn off them people in the South.
People have more important things to worry about.
The people who are concerned about that are going to vote for Bush anyway.
The right wing fundamentalist assholes with their noses up everybody's up, but those people are going to vote for the Bush-Mister anyhow.
So that's really kind of a mood point.
It's a red hearing if I can say that.
Well, here's our daily death report. Thank you again.
Scott Patterson, who?
Northern Ontario Curler, who began the first man from North Bay, Ontario to skip two men's teams to the Briar Canadian Curling Championship.
How do you like that?
Oh, I think.
I think it was the same thing with Tony Third.
After the ban he was driving, we'll start by another vehicle. He was only 34 years old.
Wow, sorry.
He was one of the great curlers along with that late, the Sandrush Merler, the great Canadian Curling.
Remember she died?
Right.
Charlotte's Weren, noted documentary filmmaker, best known for films, depicting lives and visual performing artists ranging from Kleistow to Elephant's Gerald,
one of the better known practitioners of cinema verite, of she's dead, died 72, a long cancer, a home in New York, aged 72 on January 22.
And Eddie Klons.
Oh, we had that on yesterday.
Huh? Huh?
We had that on yesterday.
tabloid journalist, editor of the We Got The World News, Eddie Klons, he's dead.
So there you go with your dead people. Keep the list right right on your hand, right on your wrist like a memento, right on your leg, right on your back.
Come on, it's after 10 at 560 WQM.
Let's see, I better vote on this thing here, get started.
Let me think about this for a while.
Hey, listen, here's a bad joke that's really true.
What has 60 pounds of pasta covered with six gallons of marinara sauce that's got 40 pounds of ground beef mixed in with it.
The answer is it's Pompato Parks, free spaghetti dinner on Monday, February 2nd.
That's right.
We got free spaghetti again at Pompato this coming Monday free, F-R-E-E, South Florida's favorite word.
No fist fights, by the way, over, please.
This Monday night, everybody who purchases a Pompato Park program will get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the 4th floor players room.
Dinner includes salad, rolls and butter, a heaping big plate of pasta with sauce.
And even if you don't want the race program, you can still buy a coupon for just 2.5 bucks.
It's the best bargain anywhere in South Florida.
In other words, if you don't care about the racing or the program, just buy the coupon for 2.5 bucks, go up to the 4th floor, pick out like crazy and get the hell out.
And if that's not enough, if you get your cabbide, then try this one on for size.
Next Friday, a week from the night, Pompato Park not only features great nighttime harness racing action,
somal casting, and their fabulous poker card room, but it's the tracks 40th anniversary night.
They'll have live music, including Christmas Donald's tribute to Elvis show,
Shayne Lamar Entertainment's triple shot band, Giveaways, free prize drawings, a family fun night,
antique card display, and lots more stuff going on all starting at 7 o'clock next Friday night, February number 6.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 in the Florida Turnpike Pompato Park's easy to get to,
and best of all, Pompato Park offers you free admission and free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
poker starts at noon and goes on till midnight, and live racing gets underway five nights a week at 705 PM, including two nights.
For more information on their schedule called Pompato Park at 9.5.4, 9.7.2.2000 S for Harold Stodgrass, or go online at PompatoPark.com.
Hey Goldberg, asshole, asshole, each ringizing a suction asshole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abram, what's that he's pounding on?
Oh, he's the quintessential asshole.
The only thing there is left to say is drop and right away.
Okay, the reason I played that here's the fact it says, value-renacar and national card will announce today
that relocating to Tulsa, Oklahoma.
These two companies are owned by none other than Wayne Hypinga, the anxious bald-headed Pockmarked one.
It's that these two relocations will cost for a lot of it over 500 jobs.
Oi!
Thanks, Heisenge, you fuking Pockmark Schmidt bag you.
Please play the Heisenge asshole song you got it.
And also pledge to cancel, we also pledge to cancel all dolphin season tickets, says this fact sir.
Hey Wayne, fuk you, it says.
Honey, like that.
Pretty strong emotions there, that's good.
You're a little bit too angry but good emotions right?
No, angry is good.
That's our poll now is the last fact you're too angry.
He's pissed off and fired up and we like that.
Oh no, this is bad news.
Yeah no.
Rosemary Zappa died.
Is that incredible or what?
Well, it's about to happen.
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
Rosemary Zappa, the mother of the late musician Frank Zappa, died yesterday.
She was 91.
Oh that's old enough.
I didn't say that you said that.
Ma.
If she died in a Burbank convalescent hospital, said daughter Patrice Zappa.
Zappa was born in the US, the daughter of a Italian immigrant.
She and her husband married in Baltimore 1939 and moved to San Diego 15 years later.
Frank Zappa started out with the 1960s group.
The mothers of invention recorded dozens of solo albums until his death from prostate cancer
in 1993 at the age of only 52.
Jesus, how come she couldn't have died in 52 and he could have stayed alive?
You know what?
Can you imagine all the good stuff we'd have to play?
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
The sea on the queue is boy and down.
He tells me that your sister has a blister by it, but that's decided point.
Oh speaking of sisters with a blister, here's a bad story from Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Boy the stuff is coming.
If I could tell you what piles I got here, it's unbelievable.
Although we do want to get in some really good calls like this one on Line 6.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil Rogers?
Yes, I am.
Oh, okay.
I want to get in on a poll that you had last week.
Okay.
That I missed couldn't get in on the TV radio personalities that have left.
Jennifer Rim.
Jennifer Rim.
Oh, how could we forget old Jennifer, my god, we apologize to her.
Anybody have a heart or a right?
Exactly.
We were only doing TV personalities.
Oh, that's right.
Well, she was on TV for a while.
Yeah, TV?
Yeah, sure.
I remember the night thought she came on the news and said, yeah, kid, baby.
Yeah.
She's a sweetheart.
We love Jennifer.
Okay, I just want to make sure her name got on the poll even though I'm about a week late.
I'm delighted that you did, man.
It was a bad oversight and we apologize.
Thanks, pal.
Alrighty.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
See, I told you that was a good call.
I could feel it.
I could smell it.
Can't you smell it?
I got a great story to tell about Jennifer a little later on.
Yeah.
After the show.
Okay.
No, remember what I told you about I&Z?
How she used to bring her boyfriend?
Were they used to come calling for her?
Yes.
Yes.
Man, she had really good taste.
That's all I can tell you.
I don't want to embellish it because all those homophobes go.
Oh, gee, here he goes again.
Well, you know, it's eye candy, man.
That's what George says.
And everybody else and I'm tired of hearing it.
I don't know.
What?
Huh?
I'm starting to think I like that expression again.
It's just got a little bit older for a while.
Let's bring it back.
Go ahead.
You can have it.
Eye, eye, eye, eye, eye, eye, candy.
No, seriously, because one of those guys would show up.
I'd go to the door and I'd look and say,
I'm going to be a little bit older.
Candy.
Yeah.
And the best part of the whole deal was when Jennifer would see who it was at the door.
Yeah.
You know what she always said?
Want a lollipop little boy?
See, it was more than just eye candy.
Maybe it was fly candy.
There you go.
Or fly paper.
At any rate, can I get to this story please?
I'm a little bit too angry and pissed off today.
Actually, I'm delighted today.
I don't know what is.
I'm getting rid of all that flim.
Don't I sound much better?
You do.
You sound chakrolled.
I'll tell you, no matter what you do, a cold, genuine last.
Unless it's a real, real mild one, you know?
And this is the first more serious cold I've had.
I don't know.
A couple of years, I think.
But a cold last like a week to two weeks.
10 days to two weeks.
Correct.
Am I right?
You are correct, sir.
And I got like a little flim but I'm doing much better.
And of course that pisses off a lot of people.
They're waiting for me to be on that death list.
Well, just to be a prick, I'm going to stay around to at least 90.
Now I'm thinking 87.
Did you ever...
No, you're not psychic like I am.
My only psychic.
No, no, I really am.
Very psychic.
And for a couple of years now, I've had this thing that...
It's like a little subliminal message in my head that tells me that I'm going to make it to 87.
Well, you better hurry then.
See, I'd make it to 90.
But the diabetes I think will catch up to me because I did have another point of Ben and Jerry's coffee toffee crunch yesterday.
Oh, it's the best one.
It's so good.
Did you ever... you still haven't had it, right?
I know they have these...
That's funny that you should say that.
I bought these Hershey's, you know, the little nuggets that come in the bag.
Yes.
They have almond toffee.
Most nuggets do come in a sack.
Almond toffee.
Hershey.
Chunks.
That's my weakness, man.
Almond toffee.
Just like that.
Rogers almond brittle.
Oh, God.
I just...
I spaz out.
I just...
Two kinds of crud.
So far beyond even the wildest sex in history, man.
I'll tell you.
That's stuff from my ethylems in Vegas.
Yeah.
That almond toffee crunch or whatever it is.
I can eat the whole box.
It's very sad.
At any rate, Bridgeport, Connecticut, a Norwalk, man.
Can we take a quick first look at this pool?
Because it's pretty interesting, I think.
124 votes in no time.
I'm telling you, man.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
You're gonna see.
And of course, now the Neocons are peeing in their pants.
Which is why they got the army saying,
oh, we're gonna get Osama this year.
Well, how do they know that?
Crystal ball.
They're positive.
They're gonna catch it in this year.
And if not, they'll dress somebody up like I said yesterday,
who looks like it.
In addition, which we've already heard as Indian times,
that Osama's told his kid that if he's in danger of being captured,
blow his brains out.
He will not be captured alive.
I'm like, uh, Sodom.
He won't be in a spider hole.
So they can, like, they can come up with any tall person, you know?
And say, hey, look at this.
It's Osama.
They can put on the phony beard.
Sure.
And it's Osama.
And then, of course, when a real one shows up,
they'll say, oops, we made another mistake, but we meant well.
You know, it was just the faulty intelligence again.
The growing danger.
Yeah, with George Tenant's problem.
See, Tenant, keep in mind, is there a holdover from the Clinton days?
He was the head of the sea eye during Clinton.
He's the only one who was like a holdover to this fascist group.
I mean, this group.
And so he's an easy scapegoat.
So I don't know why anybody surprised that they're laying the blame on his shoulders.
They were doing that months ago when they started with this crap about,
well, you know, we got some bad information about that Uranium in Niger.
And that was all bogus.
And about that meeting there in Germany that never took place with Muhammad Ata
and all of these things, you know.
And then the real irony of it is now, now they find out Al-Qaeda has been sneaking across from Iran
and Al-Qaeda, which was no threat in Iraq before, is now there up to their ass.
Isn't that amazing?
So Iraq was really one of our least worries before.
And now it's our primary worry, along with Afghanistan, with seven more American kids died yesterday.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It's worth it.
I see.
135 votes, just for fun.
If Bill Clinton could run again, good old Bubba, whether without the blue dress stains, baby.
That's one of the reasons I think we liked him.
Who the hell wants a president who's a stuffed shirt?
We like a president who wants to give a little action, right?
A little bit of fun like the Kennedys.
Not quite that much fun though.
If Bill Clinton could run again in the elections today, who'd you vote for?
135 votes, Bubba 109, 80.7%.
Oh, God!
George W20, 14.8%.
Did you say 14?
I just have worked it.
Wow, so amazed.
You know, I'm astonished.
Right.
Neither one, five.
And I wouldn't vote regardless one.
So it goes to Shoei that the crowd would stay away.
See, Bubba would motivate them.
That's one thing that excites them.
Dean did excite them for a while to they realized that he was, eh, not that great.
And then Kerry excites them for the fact that he can still speak.
Because he looks like a dead man.
He looks like Herman Munster.
But I like Kerry.
Didn't I tell you that a long time ago?
Yes.
I said that every day that tried to say, did I tell you that?
No.
Well, I'll get to this horrible seminary in charge of the most and girl story.
But it's 1027 at 560.
QA, I'm your heathen station.
I hate it anymore.
Here's the horseback.
That's your evening's point.
Stay away, you am.
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on over, honey.
Now come and take a drive to my big house in Chaparklaw.
We can both get Junson maybe a little Panama.
But wife is on business.
She's out for a win.
I'm not going to be a wild time.
Not my home in New York.
Just to meet the early cheaters I can sport.
Unzip my fly.
It's all good.
I'm an over-honey now blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of Monica.
And my God.
A little bit of Monica without my wife.
Now a little bit of Monica.
It's what I see.
When she's far away, that's still a rate.
A little bit of Monica.
It's what I need.
A little bit of Monica.
It's that more wea.
A little bit of Monica.
Here I am.
A little bit of you on my happy land.
I take it off of you.
A missing family.
Bubba's got about 80% of the vote.
178 votes if he could win again in the elections right now, today.
Who'd you take?
Bubba 142, just under 80%.
GW2715.1%.
Neither one of them is seven.
I wouldn't vote at all two.
See the difference.
See that vast.
Maybe he could go away and come back as a different person.
There you go.
Facial augmentation.
Change of the name.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe straighten out that penis a little bit.
Bridgeport Connecticut, a Norwalk man who was studying to be a priest in the Roman Catholic
diocese, he was trying to straighten out his penis.
Has been charged with sexually assaulting a 16-year-old girl.
A girl?
Yeah.
Cain O'Vale.
That was her name.
That's a good name.
Leonardo Montoya, 30.
How old was he?
About 30, man.
Turned himself into Bridgeport police, Tuesday and then after learning that there was a warrant
for his arrest, he was charged with fourth degree sexual assault and posted a $10,000 bond.
Pricey's official said Montoya was dismissed from the diocesan seminary in program January
15 after police told church officials about their investigation according to the Connecticut
Post.
It was an astirt year of a four-year program leading to ordination as a priest.
Joseph McAteer, McAlyr, whatever it held his name, was a spokesman for the diocese,
said Montoya entered St. John Fisher's seminary residence in St. St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
The other Montoya's denied the charges made against him.
They, McAleure, said he was dismissed from the diocesan seminary in program for showing
poor judgment for allowing himself to be placed in an inappropriate situation in which those
charges could be made.
Police said Montoya molested the daughter of an acquaintance, November 30.
What date?
About 30, man.
While visiting the family's home in Bridgeport.
Oh.
How do you like that?
So there you go.
Another alleged priest pervert.
He's doing innocent bystanders.
And this time a woman, though, less.
Let's see what we got.
You can find a little stance.
I beg your pardon?
It was a woman.
Let me just give you a hint.
It was what the second poll is going to be a known, but put it up a known, but we can start
putting it up.
Put on your thinking caps.
Okay?
Just grab a hold of yourself and put on your thinking cap.
What's your ultimate lesbian fantasy?
An actually a lesbian.
Two famous females.
And the reason I put famous is, you know, we can't have like Britney Spears in my wife.
You know, something like that.
Like Jordan would say.
No.
Huh?
Hmm?
What's your...
You know, because we said what's your ultimate lesbian fantasy.
So like I said, like Jordan wouldn't say.
Two famous females.
I started out with Britney Spears and Charlize Theron.
Myself.
Now what did you add to that?
Charlize Theron and Jessica Beale.
Yeah.
And Howard Beale?
Yeah.
And that's what we got so far.
So that's what we'll put up at noon and you can put on your thinking caps and think about it.
Okay?
Your ultimate lesbian fantasy.
Because lesbians are in.
I figured we got to do a lot more lesbian talk on the show.
For we're going to win back the audience.
I would say we're in.
A lot more diced up.
Oh, speaking of a perversion.
Michael Jackson encouraged the boy who later accused him of molestation into appearing in a British documentary with the suggestion of a movie career.
A former lawyer for the boy's family tells ABC News primetime.
Jackson brought the boy to his Neverland ranch and gave him some inducements about things that might happen if he did a good job on camera.
Like he might have a movie career.
William Dickerman told primetime Cynthia Fat MacFadden.
The interview took place before a judge issued a gag order in the case earlier this month.
In the documentary Jackson is seen holding hands with a 12 year old who also rests his head on Jackson's shoulder.
Put your head on my shoulder.
What spread my rear?
Oh God.
The boy tells the interview here and his brother had spent a night in the singer's bedroom and Jackson says he slept on the floor.
Right.
Dickerman and others told primetime that at the time the documentary was shot, according to the boy, both Jackson and the boy were telling the truth.
There had never been anything sexual in their relationship.
Right.
But according to a source from anywhere with the boy's allegations, the boy said that after the cameras were turned off later that same day, Jackson showed him pictures of naked women and cuddled him.
The boy told no one.
Dickerman said the boy who was befriended by Jackson when the answer was critically ill with cancer was brought to Neverland expressly to do the interview.
He hadn't been there for months.
I suppose he was trying to clean up his image, put a young boy in front of the camera who says, yeah, everything is okay.
He doesn't sleep with me.
There's nothing toward happening in Betty's set.
When a program aired last February, the boy's mother contacted him, Dickerman said, not because she had any suspicions about child molestation, but because she felt the documentary's producers hadn't treated her son fairly.
He had been on camera.
There had been no consent given, said Dickerman.
And when she found out about it, she was absolutely livid and said she would never have given her consent.
Jackson disappeared from the boy's life for five months after the interviewer source says the source, as he disappeared, he reappeared just before the British documentary was set to her on ABC and at a storm of controversy.
Dickerman said the family told him that Jackson asked the 13-year-old boy to fly with his family to an exclusive resort in Miami.
Dickerman said Jackson told the boy they would hold a joint press conference there announcing the documentary who was going to smoke it.
Me?
He wanted to take the kid and mom and the mom said no we're all going.
He wanted to take just the kid but mom said, uh-uh, we're all going, which apparently wasn't a big hit with Michael, who reportedly has no use for moms and for kids sisters, said Dickerman.
Don't want them bitches around.
They get in the way.
At the mother's insistence, Dickerman said she and the boy's brother and sister arrived at Turnberry in Miami, but there was no press conference.
Sources told Primetime that Jackson then flew the boy and his family back to LA in a private jet.
After the documentary aired, Jackson urged the family to abandon their modest department and work in class East LA.
He convinced the family, given the upper-around the documentary, that for their own safety, they should leave their home and move into Jackson's Neverland Ranch in the Santa Inaz Valley.
At the Neverland Ranch, the mother stayed apart from her children. They were very closely monitored and closely guarded Dickerman said.
We'll get to the Jesus Jews. We're getting to it.
It was sometime in February 2003, sources say that the boy says, cuddling first gave way to incidents of sexual touching, but he didn't speak of molestation to his family.
Never less Dickerman says the boy's mother was becoming increasingly uncomfortable to Neverland, believing that they were being closely monitored and followed whenever they left the ranch.
The family felt that they were under house arrest at the Jackson compound Dickerman said, in letter to famed criminal defense lawyer Mark Garagos, who had already been hired by Jackson, Dickerman said Jackson or his staff engaged in despicable behavior in that the children were hounded harassed and terrorized.
Dickerman said Jackson or his agents were surveilling and photographing the children's school, eavesdropping under phone conversations, in possession of the family's belongings and holding the family's passports and visas, and maybe even master cards.
The passports were arranged for them by the Jackson staff allegedly to send the family out of the country. Dickerman said Jackson and the staff might have held the documents because if they showed that they had the passports and the visas, it might suggest they were trying to send them somewhere, you know?
According to sources, Michael Jackson's associates proposed that the family relocate to various places among them, Phoenix, Australia, Brazil, or Argentina, or maybe now Mars would be good.
Garagos spoke to ABC News and the tale before the gag order was issued, he told McFadden that the child and his family have made up all the allegations of abuse, called them just the latest attempt to shake down his client with false accusations, Jack Nuspley did not kill thee.
Dickerman sees the child's story differently, he believes the boy was molested without a doubt, without a doubt he said.
Dickerman says that the alleged victim, he was very, very reluctant to speak, his sister and brother weren't, but of course they weren't the alleged victims, and it wasn't easy, especially because he had been humiliated, and he also really adored Michael Jackson.
Sources told Prime Time the boys given many details of the alleged molestation, including that Jackson gave his sister Vodka and him and his brother wine, which they say Jackson called Jesus juice.
Sources also told Prime Time that alcohol was detected during a blood test for the boys' cancer treatment.
According to a source, the person who was not a member of the family also corroborates the drinking, but asked about these allegations, if Jackson gave the boy wine, sleeping pills or showed him pornography, Dickerman said, I can't say these are all part of the case.
I don't want to step on the DA's toes. In the meantime, the trial is still many months away, the family has moved to an undisclosed location, and there's concern about these still fragile health of the boy.
They seem to be doing okay if basically being a prisoner in your home is okay, Dickerman said, they were sent not essentially in hiding, they are absolutely in hiding.
How do you like that? They are absolutely in hiding, not just essentially, they're doing it.
Got more Michael Jackson stuff later, even though nobody, everybody pretends they don't care.
I don't care.
Michael's own supporters are harassing the boy, yes you do.
I just want to see his ass pride.
Well there you go, that's why I'm using all of this.
I was speaking to somebody who might get his ass pride, but I really doubted.
Prosecutors contact second woman in Kobe Bryant case.
Oh no, wait a minute, this one.
Not Kobe?
Yeah, I got the inquirer from yesterday, I got celebrity justice, I got stuff up the answers.
It's a lynching?
Yeah, that's right, it's that lynch-bob mentality, it's a black thing.
Celebrity justice has learned that prosecutors in the Kobe Bryant case have contacted a Portland organ hotel worker.
Sources tell celebrity justice that this woman says she had a sexual encounter with Kobe Bryant at a hotel where she worked.
Celebrity justice has learned that woman works for room service at the hotel.
Sources tell CJ that the woman disclosed the co-workers that the meeting between her and the NBA superstar was Hot and Heavy.
All right.
Ready for that?
Yeah.
Hot and Heavy.
Sources posted the woman tell celebrity justice she and Bryant actually met a few years ago at the hotel and he continued to request her for room service on repeated visits there.
I guess this gives new meaning to the warm room service.
Isn't that the warm?
That's the warm.
Sources say the encounter prosecutors are especially interested in allegedly happening in April 2003.
Sources claim that Bryant requested that the woman deliver a room service when the woman went to his room.
The romantic encounter.
According to these sources, the young woman at one point put a stop to things because she felt guilty.
She was involved with someone else at the time.
Also, the new Kobe was married.
These same sources tell CJ, Bryant and the woman then began to get in and again.
Sources say the woman finally said no.
No.
And the encounter stopped.
CJ has told the encounter didn't get as far as sexual intercourse and was consensual.
The incident could impact the trial of prosecutors or attempting to establish an MO or pattern of behavior on the part of Kobe Bryant.
Celebrity justice spoke with the woman in question.
It was extremely distraught over being brought up in the Kobe case.
A source says it's a penis she would testify about her relationship with Kobe.
The source says she did however describe Bryant as a perfect gentleman and she says she hopes he's acquitted of sexual assault charges in Colorado when he was hung like a moose.
She says she never saw anything like that in her life in her wildest dreams.
She said even though suites in the elts never saw nothing like this.
1041-19 before 11 at 5.60 QAM.
You have not yet been lost.
This is 420 devices.
QAM.
Friday you bastard.
Monday.
He just bought a new reason to shut a plane.
He's so rich that he can't help being paid.
And if all I know is to pull against.
And we all know.
Trump has got cash but no class has passed.
That's a loser.
You might say little's I don't do it well.
Home to yacht I've seen old and old tell.
It's a surge for taste.
It's our promise that's part of it.
Trump has got cash but no class has passed.
14-11 we got the mad dog at 2.
This schedule was incorrect by the way.
I don't want clearance to get all been out of shape.
If he's busy changing those promos I'm sure those are a board of long two-minute promos that go on with ancient play by play from 100 years ago.
That are really embarrassing and dusted by the way they suck.
And the dog at 2.
The Humper at 4.
At 7.
At 8.10.
And overnight it's sporting news radio.
Anybody know what that is?
No.
I wonder what it sounds like.
I wonder if it's any good.
All sounds the same.
Exactly.
That's right.
It's all the same crap.
Here's one for the upcoming pool.
Two famous females who constitute your ultimate lesbian fantasy.
Catherine Zedid Jones in Jennifer Conley.
Asked Wes.
Welcome to...
Right.
Got that?
You got to notice there's some like tracks and stains that came through on the facts.
Tracks of his tears.
Shame on you.
You as passing you're speaking of that.
Well we better take a couple of calls.
Maybe we'll get some more.
We'll be building that pool slowly.
Real slowly and it gets a little bigger, little bigger.
WQM, hello.
Hey Neil, my two favorite would be Halle Berry and Sandra Bullock.
Sandra Bullock.
Good choices.
And it's interesting.
And for Mo, Janet Reno and Rosie O'Donnell.
Okay.
Excellent thing.
I think that already happened though.
I probably did.
Also anyway speaking of old-time entertainers.
Last night I hesitate to mention this because only those of us over the age of 100 like me,
old farts, ever even turn on lyricing even for a second.
I just looked to see what's going on there, especially after the debate which I enjoyed.
And he had a tribute to Jack Par.
Now again old farts like me, we realized that Jack Par was one of the all-time great entertainers.
He was one and a billion.
You can talk Johnny Carson.
You can talk about Steve Allen who I liked a lot back in the day.
Or you can talk about Leno or a Letterman.
There was nobody who did a talk show.
In fact he really invented the whole genre of what he did like Jack Par.
He was great.
He had balls.
He was low-key.
Right on.
But he didn't have any fear of anything.
He was fearless.
And he told it the way he saw it.
Anyway he died a few days ago.
So they had a tribute to Jack Par which was really I enjoyed it.
They showed a lot of clips from the old shows.
But the only part that was not enjoyable was seeing Mike Douglas who looked like he just saw the celebrate his 400th birthday.
My God.
I mean big dark brown chunks of skin like pasted it under what used to be ahead.
I mean what was that?
And they had Murr Griffin who really is spending that money on a lot of food I guess.
For he has prooked up he's got to be he's got to be tipping at least 270 to 80.
Murr, he was just a monster in that chair.
Hey by the way Murr if you got all that money it's time to come out.
Bob Newhart was on there who Jack Par discovered.
Right.
Phyllis Diller.
Ed McMahon.
Who actually looked pretty good last night at I'm not big fan of his but he looked almost human.
You know what I mean?
What's his name?
Pat say Jack was there.
Okay.
Dick Kavitt.
All of these people were like protégés of Jack Par.
And it was it was a lot of fun it was interesting.
On the phone they had who that was it from the South Pacific they called him.
Oh he downed.
Who used to be the announcer on the show.
He was he was to Jack Par what Ed McMahon was to Johnny.
Got it.
Mm hmm.
Hey you would have enjoyed it.
It was some fun stuff back when TV was all live and it was just spontaneous.
You never knew what was going to happen.
And he had all these great guests on like Cliffarkette and Alexander King and John Villetheve
and Dolly Goodman who was a real wacko bitch.
He was hysterical.
It was just a great show.
It was a lot of fun.
Uh huh.
Right.
Anyway you as passenger douses baby on Brazil fly.
I saw that yesterday.
Say old power of Brazil.
Well Brazil is pissed off at us.
Let's do a couple more calls before we do this story.
WQA and hello.
Uh yeah hi.
Hi.
Can I talk to Neil?
Sure speaking.
Oh hi Neil.
How you doing?
I have a good couple for you that has already happened.
Okay.
Can I re-know an ambitious.
Okay.
We'll put it on there.
Thanks sweetheart.
Janet re-know an ambitious.
You like that?
I would be surprised if Anna she had a Janet rather and she's driving around the country
and that red pickup.
If she's, huh?
Huh?
She's probably got Anne's body stuck in the back.
Pickled.
She's got it, uh yeah, pickled.
Maybe in fact I think Janet's got a pickle.
Now that you mentioned it.
In the box.
WQA and hello.
I'll go in for you.
Connie Chung and Greta van Sustern.
Beauty.
Okay.
I think that's the mad dog's favorite.
All right.
Connie Chung and Greta van Sustern.
The lovely Greta.
I think Greta is going to just get a pregnant.
Yeah.
That could be it.
I think Greta's got a big one.
I don't think there's any mistake about that.
No.
You get all these down now?
Even the ones that sound to you like a joke.
Put them on here.
I guess.
The one with Janet and Bishop.
Janet is very, very popular.
She is.
Everybody loves Janet.
You go boy.
I mean, whatever you are.
Ever see Janet Reno together with Celia Cruz?
No.
Super my point.
All she did was just changing a different outfit like Alice threw on the passions.
Oh, by the way, Alice gets slammed up against the wall by Antonio today on passions.
Get slammed up against the wall.
Not a good idea, Antonio.
As Sheridan continues getting the juice from that wild,
a demanded doctor who's terrified for his own family.
It's just the best.
WQM, hello.
Not a couple.
WQM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Give my suggestion.
Go right ahead.
I'd like to have, uh,
a cat's aided Jones.
Yes.
And Jacqueline Smith.
Jacqueline Smith.
That's interesting.
Yes.
Okay, we'll send him right over.
Thank you.
And you're welcome.
No problem.
Just treat him well.
Be nice.
So anyway, an American citizen who spilled a cup of water in the face of a crying baby during a flight to Brazil will be deported to federal police.
I guess today.
Ronald Harry Duffy had his visa revoked because of inconvenient behavior and was not allowed in the country.
Inconvenient behavior.
Right.
I don't like it.
Lucky if you like far to line.
That's inconvenient behavior.
Said federal police spokesman Wagner Castillo.
He has been ordered deported.
A 35 year old Duffy is from Pennsylvania.
We'll see the next to a Brazilian couple and their baby during a T.A.M. airline.
Mimey to a sail power will flight the lighted Wednesday.
Anoyed with the baby's constant crying.
Duffy who was drunk.
Oh, through the contents of a couple water in the baby's face.
I like that.
The flight attendant's had to restrain other passengers who wanted to beat him up.
Great.
What's a long flight?
You know, kill some good time as a nine hour flight.
The pilot informed police of the incident when the plane lighted Duffy was detained.
The baby's parents did not file charges.
You know who Duffy looks a little bit like they got his picture here.
Looks a little bit like freaky Carlos out there.
You know what you're right.
Have you seen it?
Yeah.
It looks a little like him a little bit better of course but then again so would a pilot Schmidt.
Leach in his hair.
Duffy was supposed to have left Wednesday night but all the airlines with flights to the US refused to take him.
How do you like that?
He's going to get left there in the deserts of Brazil.
In the deserts.
In the jungles like I said of Brazil.
Duffy was hoping to spend carnival on the north in the northeastern state of Bahia.
Carnival was being held in a private room at Sao Paulo's Guarroles International Airport.
We put on a Miami-Bon plane.
It says yesterday.
When was this story from?
I saw it yesterday.
Nice.
I thought that's not the point where he's back.
It was the second incident this month involving US citizen of the Sao Paulo Airport.
Two weeks ago, which we talked about but it's worth repeating.
An American Airlines pilot had to pay a fine of nearly 13 grand after being accused of making an obscene gesture
during new customs procedures for US citizens.
Brazilian authorities charged that Dale Robyn Hirsch, no relation to sunny,
53 looked at his middle finger while undergoing the new security process,
imposing a response to the civil rules in the US for citizens of Brazil, many other countries.
Basically what is their pissed off and they just want to get even with us now.
That's all.
They're pissed off and fired up.
That's why we got all of them.
Brazilian's living in Pompadone to a dear field beach now.
They sent thousands and thousands.
We'll teach you bastards a lesson.
How do you like that?
Nobody there.
WQA, hello.
Thanks for making your call, sir.
I just wanted to contribute to the two girls thing.
I want to please see Ginger and Mary Ann doing it on the island.
Ginger and Mary Ann.
Tina Louise and the Fed have a girl from Gallagher, and I went to Gallagher.
Gone well.
You have to help me with that because I don't watch Gallagher in the island.
What do you think about like that?
You were young and you were young.
I never watched more than two, but I hated that show.
No, it was an awful, awful show.
Well, but Ginger and Mary Ann.
Well, I was an interest in Ginger and Mary Ann.
Okay, I was more interested in leaving Beaver.
I was more interested in Wally, okay?
So you watch Ginger and Mary Ann who just turned 82, by the way.
Right.
Wasn't that the show that was Jim Beckis?
Yes.
Yes.
And Bob Denver, I loved Jim Beckis.
He was great.
He was on I'm Mary Joan.
Only Boca Brian and I remember I'm Mary Joan.
Would Joan know what's her name?
What was her name?
Was that it?
I don't know.
Joan Fleischmann.
She's the talk of the town.
That's what I'm hearing.
Let's take a peek at that Bubba poll, okay, and see how Bubba is doing.
It's just for fun.
If Bill Clinton could run again, the election would be in the held right now.
Two day, who would you vote for?
We got nearly 300 votes in about 45 minutes.
That is shocking, isn't it?
It's not true.
It's not true.
Tonya, there's something in the air.
Everybody is saying this now and they're right.
As opposed to the usual apathy about elections and about politics and all these things.
Now you see these gigantic turnouts.
Record-breakers in Iowa.
In New Hampshire.
And then this coming Tuesday, you're going to see a lot of folks show up.
You're going to see a lot of dark folks show up in South Carolina.
Excellent.
They are pissed off and fired up.
And they're not all going to vote for Sharpton either.
They like Al Sharpton.
And I like him too in some ways.
But they're going to vote for the winner.
And you know who that is?
No.
296 votes.
Bill Clinton on 230-70s got 80%.
Oh my god.
We got Bubba.
Come on, Bubba.
Bring it back.
Do another one for us.
That's it.
Only pick somebody who looks better this time.
Please.
I think that's what they were pissed off about.
At least if they see a guy to screw around, do like the Kennedys do.
Right.
You know, Marilyn Monroe or who was that brought from Chicago?
Who was San Giancana's girlfriend?
The Kennedys was banging.
What was her name?
Catherine Dede Jones.
Catherine Kevin Spacy.
Bill Clinton 80%.
George W. Bush 37.
Oh there's Tom Brady, man, and his red Patriots warm up on it.
He looked really damn good.
Jesus, let's see him again.
George W. Bush 37.
12.5% is all the Bushmeisters got.
Neither 17, and I wouldn't vote regardless, five no matter what the hell you do to me.
My mind and local, out here, sports radio, five 60s, you and you, A.M.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Greene.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
John F. Aaron, a taxi car, a bus at driver, central park.
You look that mean, so quesitally.
My patrote was in a dark, so I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
No bug speaks English and a mollum.
I went down to my home and I met which weather business and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real fun.
I asked him for a pint of Belgium Beemys' norente endo.
What does that mean?
No butter speaks English and a mollum.
That cornered the alley.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly.
Or you can go back to your arragg.
I came here many years ago, learn my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest, I say pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making mistakes.
You know what, but I speak English.
Hey, Ben, it's letter one.
I'm not a 560.
I was thinking of that one spot that we play.
I don't want to pick on any, but it is a tradeout though.
But I'm thinking of that.
As that goes on, I think to myself, man, that's almost as offensive as those long sports rejoins.
The clearance has settled us with, you know what?
Which one are you talking about?
Let me just say this, clearance.
One thing you don't understand is length of a list of ships.
I remember back in the days when the back in the day, when the first team was on.
Yeah.
And you still have those unbelievable nine-minute breaks.
And they used to scream and horror and carry on.
I mean, yeah, you could hear it all over the goddamn building, all the screaming.
And rightfully so.
Because nobody in that radio station has any concept of length of a list of ship,
formatics.
That's what they don't understand, formatics.
So after a long, ponderous four-minute commercial break, which we need to cache, thank you.
But that's plenty long enough.
See, anything more than four minutes becomes like a newscast.
Have I told you that for years?
What were you starting to do?
You start getting into like five minutes.
That's a newscast.
You can do that on FM because then you go into like a 25-minute set of uninterrupted crap.
Yeah, but let me ask you.
They haven't got any concept of formatics or length of a list of ship.
It's enough to make your scream.
What does that have to do with?
Sports.
That's a good point.
Here's an excellent fact.
The faxes are coming in.
I think we're on our way.
It says, is it a true statement that the larger the flag on someone's car,
the bigger one asshole driver they are.
Absolutely correct.
Or my dreaming upshmit.
No, you're absolutely correct.
That's an excellent point, especially in South Florida.
Right.
The bigger the flag, the bigger the asshole behind the wheel.
An asshole barometer.
Rich Pactor Facts is about 400 pages on this.
The first one will do, Rich.
Thank you.
Just a couple of sentences.
The head of a non-profit Ocala Foundation was arrested yesterday and charged with stealing more than $268,000 in public money.
Intended to send poor children to private schools.
This, I say capital punishment.
I say hang his ass and all his buddies too.
The arrest of James Eisenhower of Ocala, chairman and director of the Silver Archer Foundation.
Came months after a series of newspaper articles drew attention to the state's voucher program.
It's the first arrest tied to the controversy.
Florida Chief Financial Officer Tom Gallagher alleges that Eisenhower committed grand theft last year.
When he raised 268,125 bucks under the voucher program.
But never awarded any of the required scholarships.
Mr. Eisenhower should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for denying parents the opportunity to pursue a better education for their children Gallagher said in the written statement.
Eisenhower was booked into the Miriam County jail and charged with grand theft.
Robert Altman, a lawyer who's represented him in the past, couldn't be reached for comment.
Governor Bush's Department of Education had been criticized for not fully vetting Eisenhower before deemed him eligible to participate in the voucher program.
What a crocker crap.
This is your crook governor, man.
This born again holy, goody-two shoes governor.
What have I told you?
The biggest crook family in America in history.
Bigger than the Kennedys or anybody else is the Bush plan, man.
Even bigger than the Corleotis.
And the one thing that they still aren't talking about as much as the Ottavia or the Bushes in the Bin Laden's man.
Join at the hip, make no mistake about it.
Business buddies going way way back.
If you start reading some of the books that we got on our website, you might start learning a little bit.
Have somebody read them to you?
Liberal live books.
That's right.
Liberal propaganda.
Comedy pink or liberal propaganda.
Fag propaganda.
Sean says, I don't think looks a prowess alone would be enough to fulfill the ultimate lesbian fantasy.
The match must be perverse or forbidden.
Such as women of fame and power.
Sisters, interracial or even interspecies.
Well, I thought we had some of those.
Did we interspecies?
Peasies.
Like Anne and the Janet.
It says, obviously I've given this a lot of thought.
And if I saw a prom film of Linda Hamilton, Terminator girl under twin sister, I wouldn't make it through the FBI warning.
I think he means the FBI warning.
FBI.
That's the forbidden penis warning.
PS1 and the ability to choose just to admit that sex is supposed to be dirty.
It's no coincidence that we make love with the same parts of the body we used to go to the toilet.
Good point, Sean.
If he can't get the above match, he'll settle for Betty Boop and Jessica Rabbit.
So we got Linda Hamilton to the Terminator girl under twin sister, whatever her name is.
Do we know her name?
No.
Well, look at that Joshua, whatever his name is there.
He can look it up.
But if we just, uh, because she's not famous for twin sister.
So it's just Linda Hamilton and her twin sister.
And her twin sister.
Okay, that's fine.
I'm easy.
Here's one that says I would like to see Janet Reno and Judy Steinberg had to be your lesbian celebrity couple pool.
That's okay.
And I got another one for you.
Okay.
Listen, Janet Reno.
Uh, we're all alone.
She's going to get a lot of work here, man.
So she's going to be exhausted.
Janet Reno and Dr. Judy Dean.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
I like it.
Pretty hard to play with that.
Oh, there's John McCain was under for a second.
Yeah.
Now, John McCain makes a lot of sense once in a while.
Like every alternate Wednesday, he makes him sense.
And then in between, he just be averts to his origins.
He babbles a lot.
Anyway, here's an interesting thing from the Palm Beach troublemaker who really redeemed himself with excellent facts.
Here's the quote.
I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war.
Never mind whether it'll be plausible or not.
The victor will not be asked afterwards if he told the truth or not.
In starting and waging awards, not right that matters, but victory.
And who said that?
August 26, 1939.
It all Hitler.
Honey, I like that.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
And he ends it by saying, and mad cowboy disease now.
That's beautiful.
Man, that's one of the all-time great ideas.
We have to have wager nation-wide worldwide campaign to end mad cowboy disease now.
Beauty.
Look at the way Bubba's hovering right there about the 80% mark.
That is so impressive to me.
Actually, it should be more like 90.
But somebody's bush bastard.
They just won't give it up.
You know, somebody's goody two shoes.
Holier than now.
Just for fun, if Bill Clinton could run again, and the election has been held today, who would you vote for?
339 votes in much less than an hour.
Bill Clinton, 270, 79.6%.
Oh, you go, boy.
All right.
George W. Bush 46, 13.5%, neither 18, only 5%.
I wouldn't vote regardless, only 5.
How do you like that?
Pretty impressive, ain't it?
Impressive.
First thing for this crowd.
WQA Am Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil Rogers, please.
Speaking.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a great one for...
How about Jessica Alba and Halle Berry?
Okay.
And then I got my nasty one, is Ricky Lake and Karney Wilson.
Oh, geez, okay.
Before the die.
Okay.
Poor Karney Wilson.
She lost all that weight, yeah.
She did.
She lost a ton of weight.
Well, she was on a biography a couple of weeks ago.
Did I tell you I saw that?
No.
See, I know it's much more fun to rip fat people, including me.
It's more fun.
But it's a disease.
Yeah.
So when you see somebody who's just a gigantic tub and they can't stop...
It's a disease.
It's a disease with an easy cure.
No, not, no, you're wrong.
That's why saying that alcoholism has got an easy cure or a drug addiction is an easy cure.
What?
What's the easy cure?
Mr. Axford.
What?
Stop, it's poison, stop doing it.
It's killing you, stop doing it.
You are such an asshole.
Yeah, and...
Let's do that poll again from yesterday about who's, you know, George is being...
What is it?
What was an asshole's good?
It's like a real disease that has no cure.
And you just have to suffer and die.
But for you to sit there who doesn't ever really had a weight problem and say, oh, it's easy.
See, that's why people are just revolted by that kind of crap.
That's not easy.
You're addicted.
I'm telling you.
You don't believe me.
You're addiction.
You're addiction to refine carbohydrates, especially sugar, man.
Sugar.
You know what I was thinking about the other day?
Remember I told you this story about when they tried to reopen the famous restaurant in
Danyah?
Mm-hmm.
Big daddy knack in his wife and they invited me there for dinner in the opening of the big pink...
...the pink...
...a palace which sure ought to be a white elephant.
And they tried it, first of all, there's...
How many Jews are there in Danyah?
About third, man.
They tried to reopen the famous restaurant.
But at any rate, and they're sitting around both gigantic fat people.
I mean, they were nice to me and that was great, although they did not have the kishki.
And they're telling me stories about how well she's going to the hospital and they have to have a leg amputated.
They're both diabetic and they're moaning and groaning about all these things.
And while they're doing it, she's stirring the Hershey syrup into her New York egg cream.
And I thought she was going to pick up the can of Hershey's syrup and drink it out of the can.
I wonder if there's still a lot of you to wonder.
Probably not.
And it's easy to make fun of that.
And I have, because what else are you going to do but cry?
But it's a disease you're addicted to and you just don't understand it.
Of course I do.
No, you don't.
I'm not sure the cure is in your hands.
It's not like, like, you know, there's something else in my hands right now.
I don't want to cure that.
I don't want to cure that.
I'm going to have cancer like a other disease.
I'd like to make a girl, but I want to cure it.
What?
Week, week, week, week.
Yeah, but for you to sit there and say, oh, it's easy.
It's not.
It's a tremendous, enormous addiction, man.
It's so powerful.
I went through it.
I was gaining weight.
I had to stop the crap.
How much?
How fat did you ever get?
Mr. and little fusion here.
I had a stretch of my thighs.
I grew out of all the clothes.
How much did you get?
How much did you weigh?
I don't know, like, 160.
One, what?
About 30, man.
About 130, soaking wet.
That's what I weigh now.
We weigh 135 and little shrimp.
It comes up to your kneecap, folks.
Yeah, because I cut it out.
It's an addiction about being fat.
Well, because you don't have a disease.
You were just getting sloppy, though.
But you're not addicted.
You're not one of those people that sits down and opens up a thing of pregles for pain.
It's the first one or two of the needs.
The whole guy in the inbox.
You're not one of those people.
And you're pointing to the face.
That's right.
We're a week.
We're all week.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
Pound five, sixty on a AT&T in Verizon.
Here's somebody at my door.
I think they're coming to take me away.
WQA, hello.
How about the bird in T.P.?
WQA, hello.
Hey, yes, sir.
George.
Yes.
George, the deal is that if you're an alcoholic, you can stop drinking.
If you're dukkotain, you can stop doing cocaine.
But you have to eat.
But if you're eating soda, you have to eat.
Right.
You don't have to over eat.
Excellent points, youses.
You still have.
You got your thumb right on him, and then don't listen to George.
He's full of crap.
He's just a hard aspect.
Don't pay any attention to him.
Thanks, pal.
Thanks for the YouTube.
Have a good one.
You were in your hands.
Have a couple of fruit loops.
What?
The cure is in your hands.
Oh, stop with a hand thing.
Okay.
I think there are a lot of fat people out there who like to come in and put you in their hands and squint.
It's easy to run a neck like to eat me, probably.
Right, they might.
I don't think so.
Well, I'm sweet.
Maybe a carless out of the desk.
Got cheese.
Mmm.
Melted.
For Maggio.
5.670560.
0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Maybe Josh Friedman will come back and eat you.
Maybe he'll come back and have me for lunch.
WQM, hello.
Hey, happy Friday.
And back to you, sir.
Uh, what was I going to say?
Oh, you know what?
You know what I forgot to say?
What?
Hi, howdy.
Go ahead.
You know, who's that reporter I'm seeing and she's a hottie, Bernette.
Uh, Ronald.
Oh, Candy Cowley.
Is that her name?
No, that just can.
Oh, anyway, I had complete forgot her name.
Oh, the one that's on early in the morning?
She learned all the time, actually.
Oh, what is her name?
But I'm going to see you beautiful.
I want to see her out with, uh, Catherine Vita Jones.
All right.
We'll find out her name.
I know exactly who you're talking about.
Thanks, Bob.
All right.
Take care.
Okay, pack in your pants.
Uh, what is her name?
I don't know.
She's about the only attractive female on all CNN.
Oh, that one other one.
She's not too bad.
The other one.
No, no.
I know there's the one and the other one.
I don't know either one of their names.
The one and the other one.
Well, we'll find out.
Somebody will know.
Somebody will faxist the name of the female CNN anchors and we'll hook.
Hook that one up with Catherine Zita Jones.
And maybe Michael Douglas will stick his nose in the wood too.
Carl Molden still alive by the way, I mentioned that.
God, I couldn't believe how bad he looked.
If you could have seen Mike, well, of course you don't even know
if Mike Douglas do you?
Yeah, I saw some pictures.
Oh, man.
Seriously, if you talk about a dead man on your screen last night,
it was like just blotches of brown skin.
I'll like, like, like, um, like putty.
Like something.
You're just taking a bunch of putty and slap the little together
and stuck a couple of eyes in it.
Wow.
Hey, Mike, time for the old dirt nap, sweetheart.
You're finished.
He made Larry look young.
1113 at 560 WQM, if you feel like about 100 years old,
because you don't sleep well at night, there might be a problem
with your mattress.
It might be finito.
If your mattress ain't giving you the night sleep anymore
than it used to, it's probably time to replace it.
How do you do that?
You make one easy call.
Now, if you want, you can go out to your bedding and apartments
through and pay for their big overhead and get ripped off
or if you're smart like us, celebrate the new year in real comfort
with a great new name brand mattress and unbeatable price
from our friends at Dialomatres.
And you can sit right there on your fat ass, eating cheetos,
just make one call to 1-800-MATRUS.
And Dialomatres now is proud to have added Sterns and Foster
to their already strong Champaign-Ship lineup.
Sterns and Foster is the finest mattress made in America,
and you can sleep on one as soon as tonight.
If you make the call right now, call 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS.
And of course, they also add the complete line
of the other top makers in the world they got sealing.
Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Temporpédic,
choose from dozens of models at low everyday discount prices.
And only Dialomatres lets you choose a two-hour delivery window
that meets your schedule any day, seven days a week,
when it's convenient for you.
From 8 in the morning till 10 at night,
in other words, like noon to 2, 1 to 3, whenever you want, they'll show up.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and removal,
it's easy for even a moron to see why Dialomatres is ranked number one
in the world in customer satisfaction.
So do what I've been doing for years in Georgia,
Miguel, and everybody else.
In fact, if Pharrell wanted to stuck around, he was open to do two.
Call 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS,
or online, it's mattress.com.
My life and low-oh, this is Fort Real by City.
You're way too late.
You're way out.
You are the man who are well-known.
I won't comment on that matter.
That would be pending.
No kidding.
Newmer's investigations have been conducted.
I had another personality.
Magnificent.
I think I was in somewhere.
Yes.
I drank.
I smoked.
I did drugs.
You did exactly the right thing.
Yes.
I did anything I could to get sex.
That is just a travesty.
I'm personally opposed to sex.
Yes.
Put me on all fours.
No.
No.
It's one of the most horrible acts I think a human being could commit.
There's no life.
Correct.
I'm going to go get one.
Fate here, sir.
There isn't going to go on four.
Get that on there, Jenner.
Are we doing an NH?
Okay.
Why not?
Here's the fact that says,
whoopie Goldberg and CCH Pounder.
Man.
Talk about nasty.
CCH Pounder from West Wing, the shield.
Postcards from the edge and bagged that cafe.
And a bunch of others.
Chelsea Clinton and the other ugly bitch you can think of will be another one that says here.
Chelsea Clinton and Dr. Judy Dean.
Oh, man.
Wow.
I think that's when he started going downhill.
They took a look at that bitch.
So that Miskite, they said, holy crap.
That's the first lady.
In fact, they said, that's a lady.
Did you think I could make a hike?
Yeah.
Miskite.
Oh, here's a horrible story, but it's so American.
It's just typical.
They won't even get to be surprised by this.
Georgia considers banning the word evolution.
All right.
Satan.
Atlanta, Georgia.
The state school superintendent has proposed striking the word evolution from Georgia's science curriculum
and replacing it with the phrase biological changes over time.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Yay.
Man.
You think that the people in South Carolina be dumb.
Georgia.
I think Georgia's got them all beat.
That's where they like last year we had the story about the, maybe it was two years ago.
About the segregated senior proms.
Right.
Wow.
Hey, somebody better show them the calendar.
All of South Carolina is right there with them and of course they're side by each.
Yes.
The changes included more than 800 pages of draft provisions that Georgia's curriculum have been posted by the, and let's
hats off the Al Sharpton last night.
We're talking about how Bush stole the election and all the dark folks in Duval County and Florida and other places that were turned away because they told them they had to have four pieces of ID.
Yeah, nice going out.
Boy, I sure wish I could like him more, you know.
I know.
I do like him.
I mean, he's an asshole and he's a, he's a racist anti-Semite rabble-rousing exploiter.
But nevertheless, I like him a lot better than Jesse Jackson.
Oh, yeah.
If we could just put his brain and big mouth inside John Kerry's body, wouldn't that be great?
Uh, in Kerry's body?
In John Edwards body.
Okay.
Edwards is 50 by the way that when he said that 50.
50 years ago I was born in Little Town in South Carolina.
I thought I looked at him.
I said, you're 50.
Right.
Holy crap man.
He must be drinking that magic juice.
The blood of young virgins.
Anyway, getting back to Atlanta.
The changes included more than 800 pages of draft revision to Georgia's curriculum been posted
by the Department of Education on his website.
The middle and high school standards are expected to be voted on by the state in May after pubic feedback.
Superintendent Kathy Cox said the concept of evolution would still be totally proposal, but the word would not be used.
Right.
The proposal would not require schools.
In other words, in Georgia you can have an abortion just don't call it that.
You just say, Terminating a baby's existence.
I'm having a birthday party.
No, an unbirthday party.
Ha ha ha ha.
An afterbirthday party.
The proposal would not require schools to buy new textbooks, so admitting the word evolution would not prevent teachers from using it.
Cox repeatedly referred to evolution as a buzz word yesterday and said the ban was proposed in part to alleviate pressure on teachers in socially conservative areas where parents object to its teaching.
Well, I think it's time to drag those parents out of the woods in aintry, okay, honey?
And keep in mind that delivery was in deliverance was in aintry.
In Georgia.
In Georgia.
In Georgia.
In Georgia.
Talk about a bunch of inbreds and halfbreeds.
Inbreds.
If teachers across the state, parents across the state say, this is not what we want them.
Well, change it said, Cox, a Republican of course elected in 2002.
Got a picture here, man.
Talk about a miskype.
Educators and legislators criticize the proposal saying science teachers understand the theories behind evolution and how to teach them.
Wow, what a concept.
Here we are saying we have to improve standards and improve education and we're just throwing a bone to the conservatives with totalist regard to what scientists say said state representative Bob Holmes, of course, an Democrat with balls.
Social conservatives who prefer religious creation to be taught instead of evolution criticize the proposal as well.
If you're teaching the concept without the word what's the point, did representative Bobby Franklin, a Republican, no kin to Ben?
It's stupid.
It's like teaching gravity without using the word gravity or gravitas or grab your ass.
How do you like that?
Watch your mouth, don't go to Georgia folks.
Stay out of there.
In fact, I'd paddle right up around Georgia and South Carolina.
Go to North Carolina, go visit Georgia.
He's got some really good crap.
In fact, he's got a crop grown that you wouldn't believe, man.
I wish.
407 votes on his, but look at this.
Bob is up to 81%.
Oh, man, he's looking for his ass.
Oh, I'm telling you.
Let's do it now before it's too late, just so that there's no questions, no doubts in anybody's mind.
407 votes.
If just for fun, if Clinton could run for a third term and elections right now today, who'd you vote for?
Clinton or Bush, neither I wouldn't vote regardless.
Bill Clinton 330, 300 and 81%.
George W. 53, 13%.
He's on a way out.
I can smell it.
Neither one, 18, and I wouldn't vote regardless.
Six, only six.
Even if it wasn't highly motivated, they'd go out there to vote for Bubba again.
They like his style.
They like old slick Willie.
They like his slick Willie.
Here's the facts from J.U. says I'd like to put Jessica Simpson and Lil Kim on the pool.
I agree with the guy who said he need more than just two hot chicks.
I think the matchup of innocent Simpson with Lil Kim, who as my dog would say is one of five midget hoe is we're intriguing.
Okay, there you go, Jay.
It's interesting.
It's kind of about there.
It is.
That is interesting is Dr. Judy Dean and Bishop.
Condoleezand, Laura Bush.
Oh, I love that.
Oh, yeah.
Are you going to be disrespectful to Dr. Rice again?
Yes, Dr. Rice.
Oh, please, please stop it a baloney, okay?
Dr. Rice.
I like it better than Uncle Benz.
Oh, God.
F. Miraddoctor, okay, is they seeing Yugoslavia?
Dr. Rice.
Oh, get her out of here.
Drag that bitch out of here right now before it's too late.
5,6705,60, POM 560 on a AT&T.
And Verizon, Marlissa Lana.
Our second poll goes up at noon.
It pops up at noon.
What's your ultimate lesbian fantasy?
Any two famous females that you love, you'd love to see that would like really do it for you.
WQA, hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of holiday to them now, I was flipping around looking for the hockey scores the other night.
I happened to land on a fascist news network.
And it was Hannity and Colmes or Shruth and Direct, whatever the LA column.
And guess who the third party was discussing democratic politics?
Heinrich Himmer.
The Reverend Pat Robertson, you were close.
I wanted to say one thing to Robertson.
Right.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
Okay, I need to.
Oh, it's the Abullion guy, George.
Yeah, I heard.
What?
Nothing.
That was the Abullion guy, but he was short and quick.
I know, sorry.
I was picking on him.
At least it wasn't Reverend Jones.
Thank God, he'll be around.
Just relax.
I'm begging you.
I'm begging you.
Just calm down.
Josh, as he hyperventilating is his head starting to turn all red and purple.
No, he's cool.
Okay.
Yeah, right.
I got to hear.
I've evidently.
I guess you're sharing some of that shipment, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
By the way, if anybody's listening, Josh is smoking some bad stuff today.
No, he isn't.
It's all only good.
It's all good.
It's all good.
I know.
That's what Bubba said, too.
It's all good.
Take a puff out.
27 past 11 at 560 WQA.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
All you divers out there speaking of fat.
Now, George says it's easy.
That's because he's a heartless schmuck.
Yeah.
But if you're one of those folks who's desperately trying to lose weight,
you know one of the reasons it's hard to stay on the low carb diets is because it is boring.
It's monotonous, even no matter how much good juicy steak you have, it is boring.
You don't know how good the meat is.
You like something a little bit different, a little variety is where it's at.
And that's why you want to be shopping at Delights because they've got over a thousand low carb products.
So if you had a great variety, great taste and keep you satisfied all day long, at least partly,
including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates,
ice cream, pasta, fantastic sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots more.
At Delights, you'll find the biggest selection of great low carb and sugar free items anywhere in the world.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can try anything in the store before your buy it.
Their staff knows dieting inside and out, unlike George.
And they have the most complete line of accounts, brand products anywhere that are on sale today.
Next circus, next forum, next you will always all day every day.
So if you're on more than many low carb diets, even including that Tony Bonabolone of South Beach diet,
what a ripoff man!
Then head for the number one low carb store in the world.
Delights are Westboka, they're on the northeast corner of Glades in a 441 right next to Boston Market.
Or call toll free 1877 Low Carb that's L-O-W-C-A-R-B, runawaybitslowcarb.com.
There's only one Delights and it's your official Atkins retail center.
It's my life and local.
This is Forced Radio by City.
Where's you way am?
This is Abraxha Hoey.
Wow!
How you doing honey?
This is your foot in the present on the United States.
And this is my must state of the women's dress.
I've known a few girls who thought they were pretty hot,
but Bill, he's here to tell you that girl, you're not.
They used to wear makeup and wear boy pants.
But when they looked at me, they were under much higher.
Whoa!
You think you're a special?
Whoa!
You think you're something else!
So Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't give me wrong.
I'll blink you're alright.
But that won't give me one better meal all the night.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
Let's move on, shelly.
Ha-ha-ha.
I'd like you to remember this one.
She had a tight-ring carder, but she kept on her phone.
And after she escaped, she would bury the mom.
She got herself some life, oh, and a tummy tuck.
But she still has a ugly, as a hockin' pug.
Whoa!
She likes you something special.
Whoa!
She likes you something else!
So, Linda Trepp got some surgery.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't give me wrong.
Yeah, I'll blink you're alright.
But that won't give me one better meal all the night.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
I'll blink you're alright, everybody.
No, yeah, I'm on this next one.
A big chunky girl with a purple-dorite.
That damn gap dress nearly for the away.
Well, secret meetings on my car ignore.
I could have thought we'll chamberlain the hottest score.
Whoa!
She likes you something else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't give me wrong.
Well, I'll blink you're alright.
But that won't give me one better meal all the night.
Ha-ha-ha.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
I'll save the best for last.
Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Gettestar.
When she gives birth, I think her arms break her hatch.
Big old wigs, and an ass of match.
Whoa!
She thinks they special.
Ha-ha-ha.
She thinks she's nothing else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't give me wrong.
Well, I'll blink you're alright.
But that won't give me one better meal all the night.
Ha-ha-ha.
That no-man press me much.
Ha-ha-ha.
Like you, that is my side of the women's dress.
I love you.
All right.
Okay, he's kicking a serious bush on this pole.
He's beating the bush.
450 votes.
He's pounding the bush.
Bill Clinton, 367.
81.5%.
George W. 56, 12.4%.
Neither 1.19.
I wouldn't vote regardless, only 8.
Only a mere 8.
Nucle heads out there.
They want bubble back.
That's no bubble, my see-there.
Let's see, which of these 4,000-
and plus you send me a whole bunch of these twice.
But that's okay.
I know you're not a stress problem on the machine here.
Did you really?
How unusual?
It was like the errors, facts, errors.
I didn't think they went through.
I see.
Anyway, getting back to these ricks, I guess,
my suggestion for the pole would be Adrian Barbot and Lee Marrow weather.
The Catwoman.
Right.
And what was it?
Was she on Barnacles, Jones?
You're asking me.
I never watched Barnaby Jones.
Barnaby Jones and Lee Marrow weather.
I do believe she was the...
I think.
Or was she on the Paramation?
No, that was Delastreet.
Or she was on Iron Sides.
Okay.
Come on.
She was the Catwoman.
One of them.
Even though Lee dresses like a prude, she'd be a tiger in bed.
It says here, also like George Noah lost another 50 pounds.
It's hard to lose it, especially if you topped out at 500 pounds.
And you're not thinking back about it, mostly about eating.
Especially if you are Cuban, it says.
Congratulations.
She had to think that Jews and the Cubans have a lot in common there.
Any Italians, the only difference being that the Jews and the Cubans are fat in the Italians
are not.
Why is that?
When they get older.
Not in Italy, they don't.
Not for maim.
That's here.
You're not talking about Italians.
You're talking about Guidos.
Food cultures.
And Rick says, thanks for getting me on the Atkins.
How do you like that?
Nice to know, Rick.
Keep it up, sweetheart.
We're proud.
Bug out.
Skinny Atlas.
Let's see.
Jackie Johnson on Patricia Andrev.
Who's that?
Who's Patricia Andrev?
I don't know.
You don't know?
Patricia Andrev, I think.
Well, how come it says Andrev here?
Who's Patricia Andrev?
I don't know who that is either.
I don't know.
Oh.
And also it says, Michelle Gillen helping Sally Fitz.
I don't want to say that.
Oh, no.
Are we going to put that on there?
Why not put them on there?
They like Sally Fitz and me.
She'll actually be a perfect food.
You needle nose and...
Right.
Needle nose.
Needle nose?
Look for the QM band tonight from A6 to 8pm at these sandbar grill in the grove.
Stop by to win prizes and enjoy President De Beard's special.
That's tonight with a lovely Miguel.
And the reason I know he'll be there is if there's beer and it's free he'll be there.
Tonight at the sandbar grill from 6 to 8pm.
He'll tell you about what he's doing on that great new mattress he's got from Donald Matress.
Actually, I think I'm going to be there.
Like I said, Josh is going to be there.
He's going to tell you what Miguel and his wife are doing on that great new mattress.
In fact, Josh is like in the middleman.
Gays lose Florida.
Oh, this is so tragic.
You know what?
The only state I just told you.
The only state in the nation where they compete band on adoption by Gays with a married or single.
Yeah.
You know what it is with state?
Florida.
How'd you guess?
You told me before the show?
I know.
And I just did it again.
Four gay men lost a federal challenge Wednesday to the only blanket state law banning homosexuals from adopting children.
A statute passed at the height of the Anita Bryant anti-Homo campaign.
The 11th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against the men who are foster parents seeking to adopt children.
They're cared despite the 1977 law.
So in other words, it's okay for Rosie and her bull-dike girlfriend, boy from whatever she is, to adopt a 400 kids.
But if two men want to do it, no.
How is that possible?
Your gay.
It just says homosexual from adopting children.
I don't understand you.
Nope.
Obviously, we're crushed, said Paul Kates with the American Civil Liberty Union's lesbian and gay rights project.
Florida is the only state in the country that compete band on adoption by Gays where the married or single.
The law linked to the movement led by Bryant has stood several challenges in state court.
Florida argued that the state has the right to legislate its moral disapproval of homosexuality and his belief that children need a married parent for healthy development.
Right, like Lionel Tate.
Yeah.
You know, that mother of his, that FHP mama of his?
Yeah.
Did you see that whole proceeding yesterday?
Yes.
And how the dead girl's mother, all she wanted was an apology.
Okay, an apology, that's all.
Just say I'm sorry you needle-head idiot.
And a mother outside won't shut up her big mouth either.
In fact, if I was that whole family, I just like sneak away and never be seen again.
Just a kiss the ground.
You got the nation of Islam to support you.
Yeah, get the nation of Islam to start throwing some muscle around.
We'll get to that Michael Jackson thing.
Michael's own supporters are harassing the boy.
Yeah, they threw it a muscle in, which is why.
That's why Garagot said right after this whole thing started.
Anybody comes after us or says anything to write a tear about Michael.
We're going to come down on you like a ton of bricks.
That's always threats.
Always intimidate, always threaten and bring a big bunch of goons.
That's what the G big bunch of goons in there.
Or at least it used to be G you before the nation of Islam got involved.
Gee, only the first letter has been changed now to protect the big charges.
Tunisian?
Floor, and anyway, we exercise great caution when asked to take sides in an ongoing public policy debate judge Stanley Birch.
I wonder if he's have a kind of the birch society people.
He wrote in the unanimous decision by the three judge panel.
Any argument that the floor legislature was misguided in this decision is one of legislative policy, not constitutional law.
Matthew Staver, president of the Liberty Council, a conservative civil liberties legal group, hailed the decision.
In this age of judicial activism, it's refreshing to see a court assume its proper role.
And allow the people to say, family policy said, right.
We think that the court is wrong in thinking that the Constitution lets the government assume that sexual orientation has anything to do with good parenting said the ACL use Cates.
The ACL, you said it says it's expected to take at least a week before deciding how to proceed.
It could ask the full appeals court to consider the issue. Edward Chiapé, University of Minnesota law professor who follows gay rights issues.
Believe the case is destined for the Supreme Court of Unites year.
He believes the state will have a hard time defending the law because of its inconsistent policy allowing gay foster parents while banning gay adopted parents.
This has become an extraordinarily hot political button he be saying.
Well, you know, how can we have fundamentalism if we don't have a bunch of scapegoats?
My local, this is five cities.
The reuse of yours.
You in.
It's Friday, you bastard.
With two kids in a dog, it's so hard keeping my carpet clean.
Well, not anymore. Introducing the new carpet muncher vacuum system.
Carpet muncher. I've never had my carpet munched before.
Unlike conventional vacuum that only suck up dirt, a carpet muncher sucks and munches your carpet.
Making sure it's as clean as can be.
In fact, the carpet muncher system is so easy to use, you'll want to munch carpet every day.
Wow, I never knew carpet munching could be so much fun.
Maybe my friend Sue will let me munch her carpet too.
I bet she will. So don't let dirty carpets get you down.
Just be a carpet muncher.
A carpet muncher vacuum system.
Because a happy carpet comes from a happy carpet muncher.
Let me put you five at five sixty W.D. Kermad dog a two, the hump are from the Super Bowl at four.
What's your ultimate lesbian fantasy? Any two famous females is our poll question.
You can go down the list when we are started at noon, okay?
Okay, because I'm not writing them down.
Here's some more suggestions, Jolene Blaylock and Jerry Ryan.
Okay.
Says from a geek in heat in Hylia.
Incredible.
No stay per mesa. I keep out of it. Hylia cut the crap.
Put it back in your pants.
Here's one says live Tyler and Kate Blindshed.
Okay.
You get we got it.
All right.
Oh ABC News is obtained an extraordinary list that contains the names of prominent people around the world is supported Saddam Hussein's regime.
And we're given oil contracts as a result.
It's much too long to read on the air.
Plus you wouldn't know most of these names anyway.
But it's very, very, it's an iPop or man.
All of the contracts awarded from late 97 until the U.S.
led war in March 2003.
They were conducted on the ages of the UN Oil for Food Program,
which was designed to allow Iraq to sell oil and exchange free Mediterranean goods.
Wow, wow, wow.
According to a copy obtained by ABC News, some 270 prominent individuals,
political parties, or corporations in 47 countries were on a list of those given
a rack of oil contracts instantly worth millions of dollars.
Today the U.S. Treasury Department said any American citizens found to be illegally involved could face
prosecution.
Oh right.
It's on a website on thearrogers.com, read it in length and weep.
Also our friend Mark faxes this, which I'm glad you only sent the first page.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it's great, but how much reading can I do on here?
Okay, we don't want to say people don't want to sit out there like, you know,
reading for the blind.
Oh, excuse me.
The U.S. is ordered the, yes, see there you go again, full of crap on that, full of crap on the fat.
What?
The U.S. is ordered the expulsion of dozens of Saudi diplomats, suspected of helping promulgate
Al Qaeda ideology diplomatic sources said the State Department is refused to either confirm
or deny the action.
Wow, I can't imagine why.
The State Department revoked the diplomatic credentials of the Saudi diplomats and watched it
over the last month on an effort to crack down on Saudi efforts to promote Al Qaeda interest
in the U.S.
The diplomatic sources said about 70 diplomats and embassy staffers were expelled in late 2003,
and dozens of others were ordered to leave the U.S. and mid-Fibori.
Many of those expelled were said to have worked in the office of the Saudi defense at the Shea,
and all about 70 Saudi diplomats have left the U.S. and the West in January.
The sources said they did not, this is since last year, they did not include Saudi ambassador
to Washington, who is the real chigger in a wood pile, Prince Bondar have been sultan
the longest serving diplomat in the U.S.
and good close personal bunk, bunk, bunk buddy with the Abush family, Prince Bondar.
Remember how they showed that picture?
It was on the CBCP, but you never saw it.
Well, I saw the story thing.
The night after 9-11, and who was the W. out there on a balcony,
consorting with Prince Bondar of Saudi Arabia?
Wow.
I thought the world was a better place.
Yeah, okay, whatever you say, W.
The State Department has refused to confirm the expulsion of the Saudi diplomats.
I can't confirm it at this point, State Department spokesman Richard Bouscher said on Wednesday,
I'll see if there's anything I can say for you.
Isn't that what David K said in those hearings too?
I'll see what I can say.
Because unlike Dr. David Kelly, I want to stay alive.
The Saudi diplomats in a termination made by the FBI and Homeland Security Department were
said to have used their diplomatic privileges in the U.S.
The sources said most of the diplomats were responsible for operations of the Institute of
Islamic and Arabic Sciences in America, the IASA, located in Fairfax, Virginia.
IASA established in 1988 has provided free training for hundreds of Muslims in the U.S.
in Wahabi ideology, which is the basis for al-Qaeda.
The Institute is one of six overseas branches of the main religious universities in Saudi Arabia.
Ready for that? How do you like that?
I don't.
They're teaching them right here in Virginia, no less, in Fairfax, no less.
Right under our nose, bunch of crazy-ass Shmataheads.
How's Bubba doing before we change the poll in a few minutes?
He's kicking ass. I hope I'm just hoping.
I don't want to like tilted in any direction because he doesn't need my help.
I'm hoping he stays over 80% just for all time's sake.
Because keep in mind again against Bush, Kerry had 72.5% Dean had about 67%.
Bubba right now had a 503 votes, 405 votes, 80.5%.
Right.
Yeah. Eight years of unprecedented prosperity, millions of new jobs,
everybody with a big smile on their push, free sex for everybody, right?
Right.
Free weed for everybody, whether you inherit or not, I do.
George W. 65 only 12.9%. Just under that unlucky 13, W.
I'm sure that we can cut the deficit.
Yeah, cut this. Cut the crap.
Neither 23, 23 say I wouldn't vote for either one.
I wouldn't vote period regardless, 10, only 10.
So Bubba says a fire under their ass, you know what I mean?
Back home.
Motivates him.
Get some whipped up to a frenzy almost as much as thinking about Ann Coder and Anbishop.
Ann Coulser and Dr. Judy Dean.
W. Q. A. M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
How about two ladies for your poll Pamela Anderson and Lonnie Anderson?
Okay.
I would pay his money to see that.
Those two boobs, okay, thanks, Poundy.
At least two real ones anyway.
Pamela, which one's got the real ones?
Like I said, no real boobs.
Well, I don't know about Lonnie Anderson.
I mean, she's fake.
Fake? I haven't seen her in years.
Although Bert used to put his bald spot, he used to rub his bald spot in there just buried with oil.
Right.
So you got Lonnie Anderson and Pamela Sue Anderson, Jones, or Schwartz, whatever her name is these days.
Whatever she's going on.
Gang.
Whatever is.
Gang, because that's what they call it.
Gang, Gang.
Yeah.
What's that pit called?
I know what it is.
What the cast of they watched as before shooting a scene.
Hey guys, yeah.
What do you think about my breasts?
You think you know, they look okay?
You think my nipples need to be hard?
Yeah, maybe a little eyes on the nipples or something.
Yeah, maybe a little.
What do you think about my bowl?
Do you think my bowl is okay?
Oh, yeah.
Forget about your bowl.
What do you think about my ass?
How's my ass?
Oh, yeah.
Your ass looks nice.
Oh, all right.
It's going to be great for a scene.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Your nipples are wrecking now.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot my line.
We got a talk?
I can't show up.
No.
Hey, man.
It's 10 out of 5.60.
WQ, I'm happy you're Friday to mankind.
The weekend is we went by fast.
You know what sure it did?
I'll be damned.
Almost vacation time again.
Before you know it, WQ Ann.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got to get free bowl.
Okay.
Screw in and bowl Griffin.
Excellent choice.
Outstanding.
I like that one.
Screw in.
Braw and bow.
How about an bow and bow?
You have two gross even for us.
Bow Griffin, bow and Joe.
Right?
By the way, happy birthday, Joe Costello.
We're going to nobody picking on poor bowl Griffin.
Okay.
That's far too.
What is she doing these days?
Is she like, uh, I did she have a second permission?
She was going to get canned.
Everyone's in the wall.
She'll pop up on that good day live show.
What show is that?
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
It's a.
Uh, she's like, I know what you're going to be.
This is a.
He's in the field, she does features.
Don't be saying she's in the field, picking cotton.
She'd really be pissed about that.
I would think that.
I'd think that.
So like some kind of a racial thing to me.
Yeah.
I would.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yes.
I'd like to suggest charisma carpenter and a light and
bush, too, from Buffy and Angel.
All right.
Okay.
Who are those names, charisma carpenter, charisma, charisma, charisma.
See I have no idea who those people were. Well, I'm not watching that stuff and who's the other one? Eliza doo school
Eliza doo's bag. Yeah, it's felt just like it sounds
Well, I think I'm pretty saying to me. Oh, she's weak looking anymore. She got a little more. Keep your hand on the button
Okay
Let me get it out
Get my choke out. Oh
Updated version of leave it and beaver
What is she saying?
Like I think I just heard her say she said the magic word
What are you playing there? What was that it's a birth?
It's a one a woman giving birth. Oh, God. Well, this one's working on it
524 votes and Bubba is over 81% I love it. He's doing it
Boy, I give almost anything I give up my date with Tom Brady after the Super Bowl just to have bubble run again
I give a kiss and bush
Robert Blake speaking of kicking bush Robert Blake Sponny Lee stole my identity says the inquirer
Sylvia Simon say she's the victim of my identity theft by Robert Blake's murdered wife Bonnie Lee Bayclesey
We were right you were right in the beginning and I went right along easily
The bitch had it coming
Christian warned her
Robert Blake is going to travel for Bonnie's murder while I'm still struggling with nearly 20 grand and credit that she ran up in my name
Sylvia told the inquirer in an exclusive a new course
I never read Bonnie, but thanks to her no banker credit card company will touch me
After Bonnie died I learned she was found with my social security card drivers license and credit cards dammit
The 46 year old Florida divorce a said it wasn't until she was turned down for a
$50,000 home loan about two years before Blake Lee's murder that she realized somebody to run up a long list of unpaid bills in her name
She filed a case of identity theft with Deltona Florida Sheriff's Department
December 699
But still couldn't get the credit tracking agency to cooperate removing the charges against her
I had to give up my car because the other company I financed a through-called them in my loan and the car was repossessed
It was possessed
But after all I was so fed up being hunted by creditors at work
I quit my job and left town the first time Sylvia was able to connect
Baked Lee's name to the ID theft was shortly after her May 4th, 2001 murder
I had seen a TV report that Baked Lee who was from Tennessee where a number of federal and charges were filed had a number of false
ID's in her position
My friend contacted the LA police learned that Baked Lee had my drivers license on her when she died. How do you like that?
Using my name
Driver's license, social security number and data birth Bonnie had been able to obtain a new driver's license for herself set up
Bank accounts read mailboxes operate and escort business and other credit cards order credit cards
Recently I ran into my ex-husband Robert Stefano and we compared notes
Robert told me that I have to be divorced
He married Linda Gia Lewis the sister of singer Jerry Lee Lewis and a friend of Baked Lee if I want us
Yes, you're connecting the dots. Uh-huh
When Robert separated from Linda he left behind some of his possessions which were stored in her attic
Later he found out from Bonnie herself she had obtained my ID from among his belongings
If I could tell Bonnie just one thing it would be that she ruined my life at miserable fuking bitch
In ideate in Little Rock Arkansas
Baked Lee was sentenced to three years probation and charges of
Possessing false ID after she was caught with a slew of drivers licenses all bearing different names that miserable bitch
Get her cut in the next course for you five six
God I was in the other room
I was across the room another sighting but anyway, huh. This is Pope John Paul Lin's and if he asked me
The only thing more fun than playing grab ass with this was guy is the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
But I'm back
And so is George and Josh
And I got some spot what's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love him balls
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls
Girlfriend
Patty choose the fair. I'm the bird she calls me daddy must die back five to me. Taco. All right
It's still ladies dogs for me
My favorite hole it doesn't have any number a green or a fanway
Don't sweat because I'm a snapper lapper. I play golf and I'm gay
He's got a heart in the club house
Golf is the only time to tell guys I'm gay. Let's play
L. U. G.
Still a golf to me
And right is this grace chips it on my face is still a lady's golf to me
My god Theresa Lapor is the Miriam elephant of Palm Beach County. Can you see this story? Yeah?
Man someone who's just foaming at the mouth facts me this from the apocarito news
No matter how much US representative Robert Wetzler stomps and screams about the need for paper election ballot
Receipts it's not gonna happen this year
Said Palm Beach County supervisor of elections to resell a poor she the plant
The fucking bitch. There's nothing I can do to put the printers on the machine
She said the state legislature prescribed that procedure
Wetzler a hoko proponent of paper receipts to ensure vote count accuracy and personal accountability is suing LaPore and Florida
Secretary of State Glenda Hood
Accusing them of failing to ensure that Floridians will have their votes recorded accurately by not providing receipts
Deferring comments about her the a suture attorney LaPore said she opposes paper receipts for a variety of reasons
There's the cost of purchasing printers 6000 men for Palm Beach County alone
Poor workers would have to learn to change paper in the machines. Oh my god
And then there's the question of what language the receipts would be printed in already Palm Beach County ballots are printed in several languages
Well, just anyone would be good, okay? Yeah pick one. Yeah
Like maybe English might be something
They proposed use of paper receipts is also drawing heavy fire from the disabled community
They feel a printed out document compromises their right of privacy. Oh, brother
In his push for paper receipts Wetzler's pointed to problems with a recon
Recent recon in district 91 house races reason to provide voters with a paper trail in that district that's mainly in Broward
It's in
But includes four precincts in Boka the eventual winner Ellen Bogdan Bogdanoff
Outpulled Oliver Parker by just 12 votes with triggered automatic recon when elections officials found
134 Broward County ballots that recorded no preference known as under votes and triggered concerns
Bogdan off went on to win the election
But LaPore said it's not unusual for a voter to go to the polls yet not cast a ballot maybe because they're
Wetzler's moving ahead with his lawsuit in fact according to his aid
Lail Maumemau Maumau Maumau Maumau
Hearing a scheduled Monday 8.45 in the morning in the Palm Beach County Courthouse in West Palm
I'm just request expedite the case the matters to be heard by Judge Karen Miller
Congressman hasn't stopped there in a jump across party lines
Democrat Wetzler's written to Republican governor Jeb Bush
Asking him to correct the inequities that exist in Florida before another national election
Deboccal a fiasco occurs to reach the LaPore
Is wrong with you honey with your butter stick your butterflies with a moondow shine
Crick-and-butterfly battle even pack your cannons in bores then and the chagrin
God okay, here's the final vote on Bubba
Just for fun if Bill Clinton could run again and the elections today who do vote for
554 votes a staggering total
Bill Clinton 447 80.6%
George W. Bush 72 12.9%
Neither 124 I wouldn't vote regardless 11
Uh nice going Bubba you go boy
So he wins by almost 10% more than uh, Carrie
And by almost 15% more than
Dean right where was that usual 18% for Bush this time
Only 12.9 not even 13 not even lucky 13 Danny marina wins Matt Sundin
Okay, here's poll number two we can crack it up there reckon then you can go uh, well
That's and are you sticking the names out of these days?
We are but he still has to be involved somehow I guess we do you remember that I don't know
He's got a cut and paste. I don't know how it's got a cut and paste what
Lunch paper plates
What's your ultimate lesbian fantasy any two famous females now can be like for real that you're really uh
Just foaming at them out the bout or at other body parts or it can be like a little bit of a uh, yeah a little amusing
You know what I'm saying maybe it might amuse you
Dove to think about any colder than one who duck
Dove suggested a dike fantasy and who might that be who was it Josh
Hillary Clinton and the monocle winsky
That's kind of cute. I like I like that
Nice going, moth you lick that go to lunch go to lunch your excuse now, though
He did his hard work for today came up with that haven't he was working on after an hour go to lunch
Well, he might as well clarify this out to lunch permanent
So I can be don't like you clearance and the checks are showing up on time
Thanks for that but beyond that you're a useless man useless as teats on a ballpoint pen
Fight now. What's the list we got so far? Read him to me
I'm here. They are I can I can do it myself because they're on the other thing here
Charlize their own and Jessica
Beale
No, Kim the Howard
Charlize their own and Britney Spears
Catherine Zeta Jones and Jennifer Conley asked the ass baby
rectum
Halle Berry and Sandra Boock
That I think is fairly intriguing you know
Jenna Reno and Ann Bishop
Catherine Zeta Jones and Jacqueline Smith
Tingle of reason Don Wells
Connie Chung and Greta von Sustrin
How about
What's the a blonde on CNN I don't know yes you do
Nancy Grace no the one that used to be on in the morning with Harry Smith on CBS the one
That's the big deal used to be in the mornings now she's on a night. You know I'm talking about Judy Woodruff
Ah
Oh god, okay, Judy Woodruff and Candy Crowley
Or as we call her candy cowly
Oh candy please put it down. That's why they call her candy. She can't stop it
She can anyway
Jamie Presley and Brittany Daniel
Linda Hamilton Leslie her twin sister we actually got her twin sister's name excellent
Judy Steinberg and Jenna Reno
Jenna Reno and Judy Dean that's dr. Neen to you
Boy, Jenna's a busy a guy you know she is a man she gets around she's sure got a lot on her plate
check
Jessica Albert Halle Berry
Ricky Lincoln, Karney Wilson now that's the Karney before the dive because she's not right
Again it looks used to be she used to be just a horrendous tub and see if you would have watched your biography there
And a biography channel you would have realized that she had a problem yeah
Daddy would you're right I can wouldn't get that out of bed and kept the yankin is teddy bear putting words in my mouth
What I didn't say that you didn't have a problem or in fact people don't have a problem. What do you mean you see now?
It's personal now. It's me you all the fat people all the substance of you to I got a problem. I'm talking to a problem
All right, let's see Jessica Albert Halle Berry um whoopie Goldberg and cch pounder
And believe me I've seen her she ain't no quarter pounder. I'll think of that and Haitian Janet Reno
Chelsea Clinton and dr. Judy Dean. I think that would be lovely
Jessica Simpson and little Kim
Jackie's Johnson and Patricia Andrew Adrian Barbow and Lee Merrow weather from Batman and from
Iron sides and from I'm sure she was unburned to be Jones you look it up
No, it could I guess no, I don't make me show your little and Sally fits. That's a match made in purgatory you
Julian Blaleck and Jen Ryan
Lif Tyler and Cape Blanchett
Pamela Anderson and Lonnie Anderson they could rub their Anderson's together
How about Louis Anderson? Oh, it's speaking of that. Oh God
Wow
Yeah, her work for cable man you might as well burn your TV
Is it a fox show or is it like a cynica must be cynic because channel seven when I was home
The day that I was sick back to back they have two half hour versions of family feud
Louis Anderson if you thought he was bad and he was he was the worst I thought but this guy with the mustash have you seen it?
No, oh
The chinchiest cheapest set and this guy when they come up with the answer
The family comes up with some answer and he just kind of stands there and doesn't even know what to do
He wants to say something funny. He isn't capable of doing
He just kind of like stands there like in freeze frame like in in no mo no mo
Wow
Anyway, uh screw in and bow Griffin that sounds lovely Roy
Uh, it lies a douchebag and charisma carpenter and Monica Lewinsky and swelter a Clinton
That's a good start man. We got a good list going
5 6 7 0 5 16 all by the way the fourth quarter not too good the growth fourth quarter growth market is sagging a little bit
How do we start like they were not fool anybody
Especially the people really are out of work
When the job market is weak the US government historically has switched on temporary emergency aid payments to the unemployed doing so as smart economic
stimulative policy
It doesn't cost too much in the grand scheme of things and we prepare for the eventuality by setting aside rainy day money
At last kind of about 20 billion but these days
The compassionate conservatives are running the government. They're sitting on their hands
Last month a lot of emergency unemployment helped to expire and now they're watching
Passively as thousands of families every day slip between the cracks without a paycheck and now without any government help either
These center on budget and policy priorities citing labor department data estimates that
75,000 unemployed unemployed workers will exhaust all of their benefits by the end of January which last time I checked is this weekend
CVPp says that the largest number of abandoned unemployed since records that started being kept 1973 is right now
Based on the latest data CVPp ads nearly too many unemployed workers are expected to be in a situation during the first six months in
2004 and that's a prediction that even assumes modest improvements in the labor market
Unbelievable unacceptable man. I smell a bush slide in November. I can smell it. Can't you? We need another tax cut for the wealthy
Scott says here's a couple of the way to the lesbian couples list
Christie Ali from cheers was a real broker now
Can R&B singer Chaka Khan who seems to put on weight with every breath
And it also says in peach bush now pissed off and listening online in New York. Go you go Scott. I'm with you
5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line QAM. Hello
Sir Lada and Chloe I forget their names
I mean it's they're not all from from what you call it
probably they're not going to get
Clark's when he might as well do each other. He's running well bad you watch that okay from a small
video you got Lada and Chloe Kristen broken I don't know the other one
Why not Lada and Chloe from a small bill I think would be better. Okay sure
Everybody would know I don't know what that is all the people who watch you
I haven't watched that since last season ever am I missing anything you're not watching either right?
No, I was only hearing you. Is that something?
You were not humoring me you were watching it because you had the hots for a lander that's why
I said as much during vacation shows
You said what that I was humoring you
Get out of here you were watching it religiously okay you watched at least when I didn't watch it just to keep you up to date
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha let's see who am I voting for
As if I were to cure
I'm voting for Liv Tyler and Kate Blanchett. No, that's not the one I'm voting for I'm voting for the one
And I put on there in the beginning right
Uh Charlize Theroll and Brittany Spears you see I got some taste for an old fag man. I can taste it
Not that though. Thank you. Oh
Let's see. I'll take your portion
Okay here. I'll pass you to play scrape it off there. Get out your knife and poke
Uh, let's see so far janna Reno and Ann Vesha bar leading with sick
Time with Charlize Theroll and Brittany Spears with sick okay. We'll keep you abreast of the situation
1213 at 560 Q and don't forget look for the Q and band tonight 6th 8th at the sand bar girl on the grove
Josh is gonna be there getting
Fastered for free stop by to win prizes and your president debuars specials
The life of the sand bar grill in the grove 6 to 8 p.m
From Howard Beans wife
Hi, hello there. I'm Dr. Julie Steinberg. Why for presidential candidate Howard Dean you can call me Judy
Not judge Judy that's a different knees kite people want to know
I am hardly ever on campaign trail with howie. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa?
I scared a crap out of myself. I make fronth a bison and look like a shane a poonum
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much yiddish, huh?
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of Misha gas
For those of you who don't the capista yiddish that means crap. How is a good guy though?
He's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him
I remember one time one of our kids left a cap off at the toothpaste
I thought he was gonna blow at gasket
Zaveins tapped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth
Event, Michuga I spent 23 years with the shagitz most of the time he's a manch but on occasion
I hate him. I think my husband howie would make for a very good president
One of the things I'm a little p.o. about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV
I want to watch section the city. I got to schlep down to campaign headquarters
To the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color
So I'm no Jackie Kennedy. Hell if you look at me. I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup
I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints
Anyway, Gazagazon that's yiddish for that the judist time lurk over and out
paid for by the committee to elect John Kerry president probably teen at five sixty wq
And it's a beautiful thing. Did she say a whisper or a whisper away?
Whister and anyway michaels on supporters are harassing and boy attorney says in the inquire this week
And if it's an inquire it must be true. Am I right? Absolutely got it
even mono
The cancerous stricken boy accused accusing michaels Jackson of chalamolous
They should have been terrorized by death threats and as attorney says some have come from Jackson supporters
The inquire has learned exclusively
Authorities are taking the threat so seriously. They've offered the boy and his family police protection
The Santa Barbara district attorney's office has been aware of these death threats as host the investigation
To the inquire the initially offered to boy in this family 24 hour police protection
And they keep in contact with the boys mother on a continual basis
The threats began about a year ago after the boy appeared on tv in the martin vyshier documentary
There have now been what is my machine to him back there all paper stuck paper jam whistle at tuna. I can't afford what better
I'm on the way
We're going to sit on the screen on there says jam on it
Anyway, the threats began about a year ago after the boy appeared on tv in the martin vyshier documentary
There have been new threats against the boy in his family since Jackson was charged and the kid remains in seclusion
There's a twisted belief that somehow these threats will scare the boy in this family from going ahead with their testimony against Jackson
Sadly, this is terrible additional stress on the boy as his health is now in question
As the inquire recently reported the boys one function that kidney is failing and he disbelieves a kidney transplant to stay alive
And it goes on and on about the threats and the fact that they only stopped the first time after
After the boy's attorney bill dickerman took the drastic step of writing the ejections lawyer Mark Erigo's about them
And the harassment stopped he said after writing the letters
The intimidation took place in February, March and April 2003 after the vyshier program aired on tv
They were threatened her wrath following and videotape these were Jackson supporters the family was scared to death
I wrote letter to gyragosan demanded that it stop and it was only when I sent the second stiffly worded letter that the activity all
Stop gyragosan course never admitted or denied either way one would do that the harassment came from the Jackson family and supporters
But we know it did
The bunch of thugs baby a bunch of thugs surrounding the glove one
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t and Verizon line
WDQAM hello and Neil yes sir. Yeah, how you doing pretty good? I got suggestion for the poll. Okay
Britney Spears and Jenna Jameson all right now now we're talking that might be the people's choice
All right. Thanks, pal. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Put it away
That's a good one. Don't you think I don't know some people want to do the fun ones which are doing very well
Monica and Hillary are doing well with 11. Santa Rita and Bishop 11 is hard to top that
It's tough to mount that
all right actually uh and
Well, she's not tough to mount because she ain't moving too much
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line
WQAM hello
Yes, sir
Okay
Who is it the awesome twins Mary Kate and Ashley
Okay, you got him on
And Johnny Olson don't forget him
He was lesbian he was a guy no he wasn't but I think Rod Rodney might have been with boobies
I'm gonna say again time for Bob Barker to hang it up. Okay, quit spinning that big wheel Bob
I just go back and spin all your money and chase Diane and Parkinson around again
Time to I think he's played his last plenko game if you ask me
I do like tinkle a lot play plenko
WQAM hello
How about uh Joey Heather kid and Raquel wealth all right now
Yeah, good one see there you go
What's not to like well they're soaking in a glass right now in their teeth too
But he's thinking back a little bit. I mean if you're gonna fantasize what difference does it make right?
It could be like Eleanor Roosevelt and um
Madam to whatever her name was matter facts since we're fantasizing how about
How about that way now? I don't want to Roosevelt and go to my ear. What Elizabeth Montgomery and Barbara Eden
Yeah, and Barbara Eden
The witch and the genie and they could wave their magic wand
Oh, I was waiting for that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and T line
Charlize the roll and Britney Spears have risen to the top the cream rises to the top believe me
16
What what a thought even I'm getting emotional thinking about that
Genorino and Anne bishop 12
In fact, maybe with Tom Brady in the middle or Tom Welling times got a football game
I'd be swelling huh
Monica Lewinsky and Hillary Clinton got 11 there one in a Rears of Janet and Anne
Halle Berry and Sandra Bullock six Jessica Alba and Halle Berry five and everybody else is a sucking hind wind
WQAM hello
Okay
Yes sir
Let me say it again pretty good all right
Listen to you got you're on a Charlie's their own kick right
Unbelievable in that movie waking up in Reno. Have you seen it no?
It's a very good wake up on Reno waking up in Reno
It's an awesome movie it's Billy Bob Thorken
Patrick Slazzy and some other chick. Oh, man. It sure sounds right up your alley Patrick Slazzy and some other chick
You got to watch it though. It's funny, right watch it and and check it out and talk about it
Okay, thanks. We're gonna watch it and we're gonna check it out and then we're gonna talk about it
I'm writing it on my own. It doesn't sound like my kind of flicking it with Patrick Slazzy and who was the other one who said somebody I can't stand
Billy Bob Thorten. Oh Billy Bob Thorten. He's the the best. He's very good. He's great
567 05 60 pound 560 on a 18 t-line mad dog at two
I'm sure what is a super bowl prediction the hopper from the Super Bowl in Houston at four three solid hours today a tough assignment
Then you got to dig. Oh the big seven and you got Eddie K at 10 and
Sporting news radio overnight to the six in the morning because it's cheap. We open up the pot
We know everybody is either out getting stoned or laid or both or and we know nobody's listening on a Friday night, right?
Right plus we got to have you on mark on Sunday night as a lead into mr
Absolutely mr. Excitement
WQA. I'm hello
Neil yes, sir. I'd like to add my opinion to the whole for the
Real Ultimate
You know well for me it would have to be Alicia Keys and Abra Levine
Abra Levine but not not a bad choice
Thank you, sir. Thank you. A little on a mossy side Abra Levine. I like her a lot. I like her music. I like her horn
Eyes are bright as the sky. I know. I don't start getting hysterical. Okay. I'm hysterical
Abra Levine Canadian a yeah nice Canadian girl scrumptious
She don't see I beg your pardon? She is
Yeah, she's more than a team. Oh, I have her Levine is over 18
Thank God and who do you say she was gonna be hooked up with? Oh
Oh
Alicia Keys. Okay. Wow. I thought he was gonna say Alicia Bridges
He's looking for some real action. Yeah, Alicia Bridges since she died. I think she might have well. I make it a lot easier
Just like it. Yeah, it's an ambitious deal. I'll tell you one thing Dwight Latter-day
I was pretty pork off about that whole January no business for them. We can jump in
WQA him. Hello. How are you? I'm pretty good. Shania Twain and Faith Hill. All right. Good one actually
Good combo. Yeah, me and the middle. Okay. Good luck, you pal. A little on the country side. That's fine
He picked a couple good and he picked a beautiful choice there. That was a great pair
Oh, you know, we haven't got on her yet. Who that?
I'm not gonna tell you. Oh, because if I say it then they'll be calling her in that's see that's no fear right
So far, Charlize they're on a Britney Spears. That was my pick that goes to show you man. That was my pick 17
Channery no an ambitious 13 and Monica and Hillary are right on their ass with what do they got with a dozen
Here's 4th video 560s you a.m
Baby come play with these titties
Okay
I can't wait to get the clip of this whole attorney general
You go driving cross country in a random waiting wheel or
I might fall around the heavy load or just disconnect the trailer and go
Because I'm janitor and I'll be talking on down the road
Oh
I have a chicken ride stake in every cooking food I can find
And if I meet a little Philly then I'll ask her if she can eat the ride
When I pull over at her resting place I'm gonna wrap her legs around my face
Because I'm janitor and I'll be trucking on down the road
The fella's up the way he's station on and all that's going to work at night
And by the next mile mark girl how's my family by my side
I'm like the steering will be between my legs and the Philly sitting on my brakes
I'll be kind of green oh and I'll be trucking on down the road
Yes, I'll be kind of green oh and I'll be trucking on down the road
You're well boy. It's 1231 and 560 you don't have honor yet Judy Woodruff and Candy Cowley
Oh, uh, that's Josh's fault
Get one of their Josh he has no idea who those people are because he's never watches Crowley Crowley
It's just a joke okay. We call her candy Cowley because
She likes her candy and anything else that's edible like Judy Woodruff
Candy Crowley and who?
Julie Woodruff W O O D R U F F Woodruff Woodruff
She is very rough, but she sure believes she's a godfair lady though
Oh, here's a good one now in Whitman
There's so damn many of these on here Randy Rhodes and Janet Reno or Randy Rhodes and Teresa LaPour
Since he's become not she don't mind. I'm not part of Teresa. I'm sure that
Randy Rhodes and Janet Reno what do you say? Huh?
Sure
Chona Linda trip and Monica Lewinsky. I like it. I have beautiful thing. No, it isn't got her
No, she's got her brand new nose and a new push. It doesn't matter
It's just you lighting up a little bit please please get the baseball bat Josh
Let's see bill who doesn't hate George says for the pull the choice for the most amusing would be rose and in star Jones
With all the extra folds it'd be interesting to see how long it takes them to find the right oh okay great
oh
I think what he's trying to say is he's got a crack problem old bill
567 05 60 pound 560 audio AT&T and Verizon Marlison here's a magnificent choice. This is one of the best Jennifer Conley and d'Irol Hannah
as to ask. Okay. Or front to front. Yeah. We're upside down. That would that
happen to be in the bathtub with the with a little tail. It's good for starters.
Nothing like it in a little tail in the bathtub. Oh, I'm speaking of a little
tail. Guess who's wrong. I don't guess who's not doing too well. Roy. Roy. Roy
Biggs. Let me die. Please. And of course, we're saying okay. Okay. Die. Who are we to
be disagreeable right? Especially on a Friday. Oh, Jay. Britney Spears and J.
Lo says here. Jolo and J. Lo, right? Rich is out of control today. Rich
Pactor. Yeah. Why is it what's he doing now? That's from him. It is. Yeah.
How can you tell his handwriting? Oh, okay. Or you sure are on top of it. I think
it's from Reverend Jones. Bob says Bob into a hamster. All right. You nice going
up there in a hamster boy. Boy, boy, the way says voted for Dean with the
word again. My fantasy couple would be Catherine Zeta Jones and Beyonce
Noils. Oh, noils. Okay. Okay. Whatever you say. Why don't you like her? I don't
know. It's kind of a destiny's child thing. Oh, well, we don't like this. They're
like destiny's child. No. Roy. Biggs. Let me die. His weight falls to 135 pounds.
But SIGFRI don't give up the fight to save. Roy. Let me die. Vegas legend. Roy.
Horns softly mouth. Those heartbreaking words after his painful prognosis
finally sank in. He may have to live in a semi-paralleled, semi-paralleled
invalid for the rest of his life. It's a crushing realization for the one's
vibrant athletic. Roy. The entertainer who used to ride a top tiger's can't even
stand alone. I hear you used to ride a mile with top some other things too. What? I
don't know. The entertainer who used to ride a top tiger's can't even stand alone. He needs
helping fed has to be dressed and taken to the back room. He really
experiences for the one's powerful world famous performer. After finally accepting
that the tiger that attacked the Crickly Engine M is a life-altering event. Roy. Hit
rock bottom. But in one of the most hard-warming show business dramas ever, his loving
partner, Thigfried is struggling violently to restore. Roy. Swilled to a live and
putting the best possible spin on the situation with his public comments.
Thigfried is begging Roy. To keep trying to and telling me can't live without him
reveal the family friend. He tries to keep up. Roy. Spurance but is getting more
more difficult. As the inquire previously revealed, devoted Thigfried set up a
medical suite in their home so that he was badly wounded in that October 3rd
Tech Ritec could return home from the hospital and time for Christmas. But while
home, Roy. Developed a serious tracheal infection on January the 7th had to be
helicoptered back to UCLA Medical Center. We spent three days hooked up to an
antibiotic drip. Squirt, Squirt. It was dripping. Did you say tiger attack? Yeah. I
thought it was a tiger rescue. By January 10th, the infection cleared up and up
for 59-year-olds to go home. But the hospital read mention had a devastating
effect. This last hospitalization really sucked the life out of him. This
was the source post of the peer. Oh God. Roy. He leaves his life from now on.
Will be an endless succession of hospitalizations, infections, medical
procedures and pain. He can barely communicate. He needs assistance even going to the
back room. Make he put him at it over here. So they're going to die. Just let him die
already, St. Creed. Okay. Fight another boyfriend. Let him go. Not far
ready. Okay, we got Judy Woodruff and Candy Cally on there. I think they're
gonna rise right to the top. Paul Azon is always trying to think of before. How
could I forget Paul Azon? I don't know. The lovely Paula. Don't you remember? Yeah.
Paula. Well, Paula. 5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. You're
ultimate lesbian fantasy. Two famous females. Charlize, they're all in Britney
Spears 21 who are keeping a safely the head of Monica, Lewinsky and Hillary
Clinton 14. I'd like to see Hillary just beat the snout of that bitch or the other
way around to be okay, too. Janet Reno and Bishop 14 Jessica, Alba and Halibut
Berry 9. Haliburian Sandra Bullock 9. The Olsen twins have got six already.
Moving fast. Now let's see. The twins I would prefer on a calendar right behind you
on the wall there, but that's for another pool. Britney Spears and Jenna Jameson
6. That's your move up there real fast. Charlize, they're on and Jessica,
B05. Catherine Zeta Jones and Jennifer Conley are asked to ask and they got five
and a bunch of others. WQM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Did you see
Frontline last night? No, I did not. I was watching the debate. It was about the
lack of one of six. Yeah. So the terrorist group. Right. In Buffalo right
lack of one. And there was a co-conferaser that wasn't charged in the papers and
the reporters and I think some even some guys agents were wondering why wasn't
he charged and no one knew the answer but they found out that he had that there
was a drone flying out in your man and the so-called co-conferaser that wasn't
charged was in a truck and they blew his ass up. All right. Excellent. I hear it was on a way to Buffalo
Raceway and Hamburg is what I heard. Okay, thanks for the bad news. I didn't see
this thing about lack of one because of lack of interest. 5 6 7 0 5 6
deep. 5 6 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Yeah, the domain was okay but
like they're saying today too many damn debates already. Okay. Let's get on with it.
Same questions, same topics, same trite lines repeated back over again. And
carry as much as I'm enthused you know that he's kicking ass. This business
about don't let the door hitch on a way out. Why doesn't he at least have the
balls to say hitch in the ass? Wouldn't that be great? That would have been good on the
debate. Al Sharpton would say that. Don't let the door hitch in the ass on a way out.
He would. He would say that. I'll tell you one thing. Al Sharpton if we could just
put his guts, his cahoney's, his brain, his big mouth inside one of the
ones inside John Edwards body. Change the complex of his candidacy forever. That
thing we had to begin with, I should probably repeat that on those polls.
I pretty exciting I think for anybody who cares. Although seven states, I mean
it goes to sure the whole system blows. If at the very least they should do
regional primaries like six of them like the Northeast, the Southeast, the Midwest,
the Southwest and far West, right? Right. Six regional primaries over a
period of a couple of months. Again, it over with already in stop with these endless
debates and the same question in top broco with his speech defect. Go like that.
Not already. Oh, I did like that thing last night Sharpton
corrected him because he did keep saying nation of Islam, nation of Islam. He said
the nation of Islam is a group of radical fundamentalist Muslims and they
finally broke our head of backup. And then Sharpton made some kind of
misdemean and broke our rather just let him go on because we don't want to
hear broke off. Well, now we're even it's what a people. Yeah, get lost.
Time you suck. Get stand Tom broke off or Peter Jennings. Don't worry. And what's
the frequency, Kenneth? In Missouri in the Zogby pool today, released this morning,
carries got 45% Edwards 11% and nobody else is even in double digits. You
follow that in Missouri, which is a pivotal stay right there in the middle of
God damn map right there smack in the middle. They're doing smack. 45% for
carry 11% for Edwards in Arizona. Carries got 38% West Clark 17 and Howard
Dean 12 in Arizona and Julie Lieberman who was endorsed by the big newspaper
there. They say, oh, in South Carolina, Edwards is in a statistical tie with
carry Edwards 25 carry 24% it says with the full effect of carries endorsement
by representative James Clyburn, the state's most influential black leader yet to
be felt. So carry is rising and actually could win South Carolina in the
less and in Oklahoma, finally, West Lee Clark found a spot, Oklahoma, where even a
redneck scan handle it. Clark has 27% carry 19 and in words is a this is third
with 17% Paul net. No. I'll say it again, the two candidates who say the
who say the things that make the most sense are the most forceful who are the
most logical who get elicit the most response. Al Sharpton Dennis Cassinich, you
couldn't find her supporters with a roadmap and a compass. No national holiday is
more important more eagerly anticipated than Groundhog Day. Now you can find all
your favorite February 2nd songs on Groundhog Day, the CD featuring this
classic from Elvis Presley.
Like you, Roadkill Records presents Groundhog Day, the CD with tender
ballads like this Beatles standard. Groundhog Day, you're not even a real holiday.
That's why everyone's at work today should have called in sick on Groundhog Day.
Groundhog Day, the CD is woodchuckful of his like standing in the shadow of
the wall and many more like this unforgettable furry anthem from you too.
Groundhog Day, the CD has so many great tunes. You'll wish there was six more weeks
of winter just so you could listen to them all. Look for Groundhog Day, the CD in the
Rock Country Pop R&D or Puncts at Tommy's Action of your local liquor store.
1246 at 560 WDQM, who's leading now? Top 5 on a poll. You're
ultimate lesbian fantasy. What two famous people? Charlie's, they're on in
Britney Spears 26. Monica, whiskey and swallery, Clinton 15.
Jenna Reno and Ann Bishop 15. Those two paired tied a lip, they're in a
lip lock. Britney Spears and Jenna, Jimison 11 and a tie for after that.
Halle Berry and Sandra Bork and Jessica Alba and Halle Berry have got 10 as to
us. After that, it's a single digit. Archdiocese and priest children settled
Boston Archdiocese settles wrongful death lawsuit with children who were
fathered by priest. Oh, brother. Oh my God. The Boston Archdiocese is settled
a wrongful death lawsuit and one of the most notorious cases to emerge from
its clergy sex abuse crisis. A priest who fathered two children with a woman
and then fled when she owed deed on drugs. In announcing a settlement yesterday
in the case against the Reverend James Foley, Archbishop Sean O'Malley
issued a strongly worded statement condemning priesthood of sexual relationships
with parishioners. Archbishop O'Malley sincerely regrets that a sexual
relationship existed between a priest of the Archdiocese and Rita Perry, as
well as the involvement of father Foley and the tragic circumstances of her
death, the statement said. Wait till you hear this. Perry had a 13-year relationship
with Foley that started after she sought counseling because she lost an infant
child in late 1950s. She suffered from depression for years and in late 1960s she
had a... La Botany. La Botany. Right. Hurray the Sheridan from passions. Oi! The
surgery left her with memory problems and when Foley called her to renew
their relationship after a law, she at first did not remember who he was just
like Sheridan said Christopher Perry a son of Rita's who was not fathered by
Foley. This tragic situation illustrates the inherently exploitive and harmful
nature of sexual relationships between priest and parishioners O'Malley said. The
amount of the settlement was not disclosed as part of the deal Cardinal Bernhard
Law, the former disgraced Archbishop of Boston, has agreed to meet privately with
women's four children fully met the master. Maybe he's going to make him an
offer they can't refuse. Foley was removed from ministry in December 2002
after his personal file was released publicly, including records detailing
multiple affairs he had with married women. The case also contributed to
laws down fall he resigned as the Archbishop shortly after details of Foley's
actions became known. File showed that Foley admitted law on other high-ranking
church officials in 93 that he had been involved with Perry in the 60s and 70s.
He also told law they had been with Perry on the 1973 when he fatally
overdosed on barbiturates. Ready for that? No. He was with her for many years.
For 30 years Perry's children believed that their mother died alone of a
drug overdose by her youngest child Emily then three was the sleep upstairs.
None of the other children was home that night. Perry's children now in their
30s and 40s had no idea that their mother had a relationship with Foley until
James Perry now 39 saw Storan Boston TV in December 2002 about a priest
who had an affair with a need a woman who died 1973 and on a cause a great life.
What a disgrace. What a fricking disgrace man. You people in that religious
craftman and you keep subsidizing keeps putting the shackles in a plate that's
all I'll tell you to absorb your guilty conscience because you might have touched
it this last week. What you're thinking about it? Yeah don't do it don't touch it.
WQM hello. Hey Neil I got one for your poll. All right. I just hope no one
beat me and a puns on this one yet Christine Aguilera and Brian Northcross.
Never seen the two of them together. Same person same guy. Now Josh isn't going to put that on
the reason. No he says no. Why do you never know? I mean Josh can be a little
spanish to get times. Broward students ousted and drama competition for
flag cutting scene. Huh? Flag cutting? Would you listen? All right. The play
praises patriotism but the judges only saw teens cutting up an American flag.
It was enough to disqualify art's fisherman Carthay High students from a competition
early this week for their performance of the children's story. In the play first published in
63 by Shogun author James Clavel. I don't know. Sure. James somebody.
Carve. Greater. James Carve. Third graders in the classroom in the U.S.
that has been defeated by a powerful enemy presumably communist cut the flag
into pieces. Their new teacher tells them if the flag is so good everyone should
get a piece and tells them they hand out the shreds. It's a message about the
dangers of mindless political indoctrination. Oh it's so timely.
The play is actually pro-Americans at Aaron Fragetta. Well Aaron forget about it.
Aaron Fragetta 15 is sophomore at the Southwest Barber County School who worked on the production.
It was intended to be an anti-communist message and the judges just turned it around on us.
What a fascist country man. Zach Ensign who worked in the play added people just didn't look
about what we were doing for what it was. We never intended for this to be a malicious gesture.
It's part of the play. It's part of the story you idiot asshole judge.
God. MacArthur was competing against 10 troops from
Broward Public and Private High Schools at the Florida State
Thespians, Lesbian District 13, one-eyed play competition at Nova High Monday and Tuesday.
After receiving complaints about the flag cutting,
Co-Cherman Melody Wick, who teaches Dramad Pemberpine's Charter High,
disqualified the MacArthur team. God. Melody you are a Schmendrick okay?
Some people came to me after the play and complained about the performance work said so I looked
into it. Wirt said she based the decision on Florida Statute 876.52 which says whoever
publicly mutilates the faces or tramples with intent to insult any flag of the West shall be guilty
of a Mr. Meener of the first degree. I tried to stay as objective as possible as they performed
with said. My problem was they took an American flag off the flag pulling cut into pieces
they were disqualified based on Florida del Law. Jim Usher from American Heritage School in
Plantation 1 of the 3 Judges said while he was grossly offended by the flag cutting,
he didn't base his rating of the play on it. He gave the play a fair rating the lowest
based on overall performance. Wirt said until she years otherwise that his qualification
will stand but constitutional lawyers and theater buffs say Wick may have gone too far.
For 10 years it's been clear that these flag desecration statutes are unconstitutional
said Bruce Rogo a Nova Southeast University Law professor specializing in constitutional
law and First Amendment rights. What's especially ironic is that this is a pro-democracy
anti-totalitarian, there's a totalitarianism play and yet they're punished for using the flag as
an example of what shouldn't be done in a totalitarian society. Rogo cited the 1990 US Supreme Court
decision that struck down such a statute in the case of Texas versus Johnson. Conservative justice
Anthony Scalia wrote in the courts opinion the flag desecration is the ultimate expression of
disagreement in a democracy even at fascist Anthony Scalia said that how do you like that?
Nazi bastard 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon Marlors line. Another line from the
excess is Nazi bastard. Why don't he's a little bit tipsy okay? Burt that was his name Burt
right was he the director he got his yes and then he became the dead director let's have an
excesses and forget all Burt what do you say? That will still be clean. WDQA him hello.
Yes sir. How you doing? I got to give you a poll. All right. I just wanted to share with you why we
hate George so much for. Go right ahead. He's in the closet. He still won't come out. Let's hear
the one for the poll. Forget about George your fantasies okay. Let's go. Father O'Toole and Reverend
huh you Shmendrick he's doing Reverend Jones in a closet. I hope it doesn't hurt because I hear
it's the broom closet. Welcome oil five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty audio AT&T
and Verizon Marlors. They're showing all the security at Houston in the Super Bowl and all the
security cameras monitoring every corner of the stadium. I want to think our camera showing how
much Hank is eating there you know. Oh huh but I bet come on Hank lose an answer to please before I
come back to town next time. It was just was scary it was a scary experience. What's your ultimate
lesbian fantasy any two famous females? Charlie steron and Britney Spears what's not to like okay?
Oh there's Tom Brady. Every time I mention him Tom Brady comes on the screen.
I wanted to know everything about him on the field and off the field and off the field and in the
locker room. So like I'm saying that's going to be the video that we're going to make Charlie's
steron and Britney Spears and Tom Brady will be like the sandwich. He'll be the meat and the sandwich.
27 votes for Charlie's and Britney. Jan Arino and Ann Bishop 16 speaking a lot to meat.
Monica Lewinsky and Hillary Clinton 15 Britney Spears and Janet Jamison 13.
Hallie Berry and Sandra Bullock 11. Jessica Alba and Hallie Berry 10. The Olsen twins have nine.
Johnny Olsen's got a pair. Catherine Zeta Jones and Jacqueline Smith have eight.
Charlie's their own and Jessica Beal of Gutty. Catherine Zeta Jones and Jennifer Conley's seven.
How come we don't have more with Jennifer Conley? We ought to. How about Jennifer Conley and
Sarah Goldfarb? Oh. Team Louise and Don Well six. Jolene Blaylock and Jerry Ryan five. Eliza
is all bunch of before. Whole bunch. I've got four. Pam Anderson and Lonnie Edison, Jessica Simpson,
Little Kim, Chennai, Twain and Faith Hill, Britney Spears and JLo, Roseanne, Bar and Starr Jones.
They've all got four and after that it's really teeny tiny potatoes even smaller than Jackie's Johnson.
My. And look all this is for 205.
Oh boy. It's the one to two hour. Do you want to keep your loved ones from using drugs but
aren't sure how it's simple. Talk to them. Son your mom and I are going out. Yeah. And where are you
going? Do a party. And who's going to be there? Just a few friends. Yeah, that's a friend. Do
I know these friends? Talk to your parents about drugs. You have more influence than you know.
Plus, they'll listen. Now, I trust you won't be doing anything you shouldn't be doing at this party.
No, of course not. No, no. Good. I'll be waiting up for you.
You will. When your parents were teenagers, their parents never talked openly to them about drugs.
So it's up to you. Have a good time.
Well, we would have. What a crack. Please talk to your parents about drugs. Children, the anti-drug.
It's a one o'clock at five sixty W. Kermag at the Mad Dog at two. Hopper from the Super Bowl at four and
then the big at seven because we have no choice. Cells open our Arkansas death throw. This
acute story. Okay. Little Rock Arkansas. The cell the cells holding 26 death throw in
Mayte's sprang open for three minutes after a guard press the wrong button a month after
a prisoner was beaten to death during a similar mishap. The inmates stayed in their cells and no one
was injured during Wednesday's mishap said. Dina Tyler, a spokesman for the Varner Supermax unit.
The guard whose name wasn't released was fired the same day. I can't imagine why everybody's in
total a few mistakes. It could have been a bad situation but luckily it wasn't Tyler said the
incident happened very, very fast. She said the guard who opened the doors was in a control room.
Another guard was in the unit with the inmates. Tyler said the door button has a cover but a prison
of the prison was considering more safeguards. The fast release feature allows quick evacuation
in case of a tornado or fire and in December 51 year old Jerry Ward was found beaten to death
another section of the prison after 78 cell doors open unexpectedly because of a cannibal failure.
How come they just they sat in their cells? Nobody came out. I mean he can say it happened very,
very fast but three minutes is a long time. Yes it is. In fact I just demonstrate that. I think
we'll just leave like three minutes of dead air now. Okay. Don't you think? No we don't want to have
the stop camera and we're like, oh gee what's going on? There's another power failure. Oh she
dragons and power failure. Boych up a little bit. Okay. I think we're going to put the rains back
in dust hands starting next week. Okay. Clarence could be there just a schmooze around with Robert
Grieber and the beast and his other boyfriends and make sure the checks get to everybody on time.
Other than that hands off Clarence you're drowning in a sea of ineptitude. You're way over your head.
WQA. Hello. Hey how you doing? Pretty good. It's hard wondering could you put on you know for that
poll how about Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears? Okay that sounds good. And have you ever seen that
show at Nick Fischray and her on that on empty these newlyweds? I've seen bits and pieces. Yeah. It's
on right now. Right now? Yeah. Yeah. I mean it looks a bit more realistic than some of these ones
you'll be put on. It's kind of a fake. And the reason for that is because she's just as dumb as
you appear. Well what are you going to do questions? Are those boobs real? That's the question.
George says no. No. Okay. He saw him up close and real personally. Okay. No problem. All right. We're
we're getting you have a good day. In you two. Okay Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears now your
MTV must be different. I'm excited. Let's see if that looks like. Also you can't see my
via perfect. What? I'm not this is American MTV good old regular old. Well so is this one
supposed to be in its air select? Otherwise known as Jeremy Wise our chef extraordinaire and
today he's going to be teaching us how to do a breakfast. So how do you like that? Of course then
we also got MTV too. And then we got a good we got the vibe. We better get off of that. And we
got the great. Yeah. All right. Look at the grace. And then we got the green channel which
is nothing but a green screen and the rolls. Can't miss much of the rolls are Lou Reed.
Yeah.
Now then we also got you just your plain old regular much music.
It's tingi. One color way. Tingi. You know, tingi. No. How about chimichanga? Oh yeah.
5670560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon models line. Don't let me forget before
we finish because time is a race in a way. Cots on cover new motive for lacy murder. Now we
haven't talked about that because I don't care about neither do you. Is Josh care about the
Stacy Lacey Peterson? No I'm good. What kind of an answer is that? The good answer.
You're good. Okay. Whatever you say. Who might argue? Josh says he's good. Okay. Good to go.
As they used to say back in the day. Well I'll get to it eventually or maybe not because I don't
hopefully nobody cares about that. But it's fairly interesting. Not WQM. Hello.
What the hell with that? I don't know. From what I'm hearing I hear Bobby's insane.
And I have a feeling he's right. 5670560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. What's your ultimate
lesbian fantasy? Any two females well known. See the reason I put that famous is because somebody might
say well how about pretty spears in my wife? You know crap like that. With nobody who knows your wife.
Oh it's big in a sentence pictures. When are we going to get cold now? Miguel is a dragon
his feet again. Oh he's told me something about that this morning but I was kind of ignored.
About our hot couples contest. We're just starting imminently almost any second.
We're out writing out the official rules to make sure that we don't you know violate anything
and all that. Yeah. So that's what he's doing today. So hopefully Monday we can like kick it off.
By the way every time I come and do a show on the station I feel violated.
Till until payday. So Monday we're going to kick it off. So over the weekend all you hot people
out there and those who might be maybe a little bit lukewarm start snapping and the snapshots.
Right high quality digital get a nice one point eight pixel at least. Right. Take your close-up.
Exactly. And they don't have to take all their close-up. But if they want to that's okay too.
We don't we don't mind showing a turgent penis. We don't want no erect penis on there do we?
I thought that was turgent. No the turgent erect is like very firm.
Turgent is like a lot of likely. Yeah. Half and half I say like those big trucks semi.
But anyway. So I don't know do whatever you want. We'll decide. In fact then maybe we'd like to see
whatever you got five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQAM. Hello. Good one. WQAM. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. I got to go for your poll. Okay. Angela Ray and Julia Cruz. Okay great.
WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. This is a mobile in Hollywood. I just want to say Nancy
Carrigan and Tonya Harding. Lovely. I like it. Thanks Pally. Nancy Carrigan and Tonya is
Harding. They could feel the love. Right. In fact that inspires me to play that thing any second now.
So far sure a Charlize and Britney Spears leave it to me man. Even all these idiots said oh wow
now would you know how chick right. That's the no brainer combo right there.
Who picked it? You. Right. Like I said. There you go. Oh don't forget to speak in a no brainer about
our friends in Atlantic City subs. Well I have this in the middle of my pile here and I want to
keep plugging it is often because he's a good guy. He takes care of you. He takes care of the
South's a guy at the when you do those. Whoever wants to be. That's our good close friend. I
ride Atlantic City's subs in Hollywood. Thirty three fifty five Sheridan Street. They got their big
super sub bowl extra have a ganzor for the Super Bowl. Grume subplaters homemade beach bum brownie
platters. Large Caesar salad platter. A bag of their famous homemade croutons and ten dollars in
Atlantic City's subs give certificate. This feast feeds up to 15 people for only 99 95.
And you can contact the Atlantic City city subs by call the 9 5 4 9 8 6 8 8 11 or a half mile west of
my 95 on Sheridan Street 9 5 4 9 8 6 8 8 11. Please do it now because the Super Bowl coming on
Sunday you have plenty of childhood the entire game right right. Thanks our you're the best man.
WQM hello. QM line nine.
suggestion for the poll yes sir from the W I O D days Randy Rhodes and Amory all right all right
oh boy that was her fantasy but anyway get that on there come on Randy.
Did you only knew five six seven oh five sixty pound five what are you laughing about oh it told
myself a joke I never heard before I see WQM hello Uncle Neil yes sir
all right somebody I'm not
Halle Berry and Angelina Jolie okay that's a good pairing thank you sir and thank you so much
and they've just as that's two Perry Angelina Jolie and they've just it I mean whatever the Halle's
berries 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T I'm glad that we don't have a whole rush of these
Jackie Johnson ones he's on her with one of them one because I think really when push I mean
look the price is right and she's there okay right they get up in the morning she's there
it's a turgent way to start the day but she just happens to be there but if they had their
brothers if they have time to like pick and choose is Jackie Johnson gonna be like near the top of the
list oh of course not not anybody who's got any taste in their tush you know you should see
um monsters ball I'd lend you my copy if I thought I'd get it back because of the gift
mm-hmm just get away yeah but you'd uh it's good
well what makes you think that I can't go get it myself I know you can and as a special bonus
you get to see uh pop that he get electrocuted oh that all right now now we're talking I'm going
out right after the show it's my first uh even before lunch WQA and hello yeah nil
what's up the uh William sisters on and a corner cover now we got a three way man
well you know yeah I know okay good luck yeah I'd be like a rye sandwich right put one of the William
sisters on it with anna corner hold you okay little treat your own flags don't start I don't want
to hear nothing about it okay beard five six seven oh five six deep palm maybe she's got a beard
probably I'll check it's like to shave it off or chew off how about the beard WQA him hello
hey yes sir a question for you go ahead I didn't I didn't catch the last of the pole yesterday um
who was the top porno star who was the top porno story earlier you go did the photo what was it
huh what was it it was wasn't Tracy Gord's up there what was the final now the final was like
88 85 and I think Tracy Lord edged out who was in second of James Jenna James and that's it
whatever happened to outcome John Holmes never made the list he was on there
oh okay he was on there but his response was kind of limp as you can all understand have a
rate day pal again I mean John Holmes again you'll find precise queens if that's your thing I mean
in terms of in terms of his grotesque oh Jesus Hawk Mark teammate me look like a Tom Bray that's
how ugly he was he was gruesome he looked like Britney Spears in fact that he always gruesome
too much as a matter of fact see when you got something like that that's not a penis that's a weapon
okay of mass destruction oh my god a weapon of ash destruction
proven it's passed one at 560 qa m
you drudge back and announcing the show you've been waiting for america it's
tanya hiding zisca Bay here's a limpa gold medalist caterina vitt yes skating to the classics
oh nice split jump there here comes her take off into a double left oh she's down
she's an agony now it's Brian botanon attempting a triple salca
oh he where we got a perfectly executed triple chena salt by tanya hearting see the
precision team of tanya hearting Jeff Gullily and her fat guy bodyguard wipe out skater after skater
oh now crispy of a goat cheese down on the ice it's fun for the whole family especially if you're
the quality owner got a family order your tickets for tanya hiding zisca Bay these and
glucose accepted once 16 at 560 wqa more asking today in our second poll what's your ultimate lesbian
fantasy two famous of females first poll if you missed it we asked if a clip could run again
third term and the election were today clinton against bush who would you vote for clinton got 81
percent plus and bubblegut just to hear under 13 percent a landslide no contest wqa hello hello yes sir
got a little poll action for you all right generous for floppy and anna squeak
I'll ask weakly that a big ass and sloppy welcome falloppy that's it you got them on thanks
tony cigaretteo wants to hover over that see tony cigaretteo went to the uvana says excuse
that's why he's a silly person stop and think of everybody you know who went to uvana okay
they're all silly people the beast silly person right i don't got a friend from high school
he does eat anybody is Catholic our clearance silly person tony cigaretteo
see i left my case team curfews added in some towns challenged in others decades ago a question
punctuated a popular late night newscast in jacquago it's 10 30 the anchor would say do you know
where your children are it was a reminder to parents that anyone younger than 17 was supposed
to be off the streets and obeying a citywide curfew one that remains an effect today back then
curfews weren't questioned they were they just were that's not the case no mo it's not fair
they think all kids of bad but we're not 13 year old Jose regalato said as he took a break from
anything basketball game at a chicago y m c a you know what he was doing there don't you
no why he and other teens they're complaining police go out of their way to hassle them even when
they're rushing home shortly after curfews begun now even as a number of cities from albuquerque
new mexico to alpharetta joja are pushing to add curfews an intent to cut crime others are
being hit with lawsuits that challenge their curfews constitutionality i think that white people
and latino people i should not have any curfews after dark right of course depending on what
kind of lot they are i think sometimes people who attend to be very dark it's hard to keep track
of when it's really dark outside so unless of course they learn to flash their teeth right what could
you do that brown bag test yeah i think we need the brown bag test and some of the names on this
pool to be honest five six seven oh five sixty don't let me forget that thing on lazy and stacey
but if i do forget nobody yeah well we run it balls down to because nobody really cares
uh it's only the people in the me what is your friend Judy Woodrow all that
this is why i'm sorry i'm praying for you Judy god bless america oh brother oh and in the
course leave room and i saw some rally he was at a couple of days ago and he was talking about
the one nation under god oh man i want to just bark all over his god damn my yarmulka he makes me sick
cops uncover new motive for lacy murder and it is he didn't want to have no baby
cops pursuing the case against this is the inquiry pursuing the case believe the real reason he
did away with his pregnant wife lacy is that he didn't want to be a father in another world
exclusive scoop the inquiry is obtained information that reveals police discover through interviews
with multiple important witnesses that lacy Peterson was hurt and angry with husband scott gave
every sign he didn't want the baby whose arrival she was so eagerly awaiting so instead of just
getting a coat hanger like they did in the old days he got all been out of shape and evidently
may have murdered may have yeah laced well you got to cover your ass man i'm not going to be
like the inquiry and say hey kill the bitch he's like robert play we don't really care if he did
or not because we know the bitch had it coming he killed the bitch who who coming robert play yes well
maybe you didn't like the dinner christian wonder wqm hello
hey uh rubber boy George yes sir
speaking i'm sorry i'm sorry it's more fun here in the radio in the back it's more fun that way
and chakira chakira that's i was waiting for the first excellent job pal thank you
anna corner of what you and chakira i just love chakira i poppy man she's almost
enough to change me to the other side it wasn't useful although judy would riff really does it for me
change it back wqm hello yes sir
Kathy Lee and who was the replacement Kelly Kelly Rippa yeah
did we hear Kelly Rippa okay thank Kathy Lee and Kelly's Rippa and i don't care what anybody says
i don't want to go through that again you know you like her aim of power to you oh she's got
an Audi so i can't like her i just as she's a skank wqm hello uh leesa ling and
russie russie russie lu lu lu lu lu lu lu lu and leesa and uh and lindling okay
luci lu and lindling they had a story on cbs news last that would then rather that the pandas
aren't too horny they just don't want to do it they're not interested they rather take a nap
right you see that oh well well they're trying to like a kuchi kuchi like that in fact and rather
even gave me some phone numbers but didn't help they're doing this they're doing some Britney videos
that might do it or maybe some maybe they can watch the super bowl and see Tom Brady that might get it
wqm hello yeah i'm close bro uh my uh entry into the ball yes sir go right ahead lay it lay on us uh
charlie's there in michelle biker okay that's it
do i have the feeling that he was going to continue there oh yeah like a list he had a list that
that was beautiful nice car on pali thanks for taking that breath what do we got here 41 for charlie's
they're on in british bears i'll tell you one thing if we had the video we could make a we
crap load of money we'd never have to come back and do this again whenever great no matter how
make we would quite josh would buy one we'll give you discount
charlie's in britney 41 janirino and and bishop 21 britney and jena jameson 20
monica lomitsky and hillary 1918 the Olsen twins have 17 remember jimmy and uh jani Olsen right
i remember i did jian and jimmy Olsen but that was his name gay on superman he was gay
and that's why kark can't get trying to teach him out of fly but he just didn't flap his arms hard enough
halibary and sendra bollocks 16 jesica alba and halibary 14 halis all over the place man
yes halibary halibary catharines aided jones and jenifer conley 13 charlie's their own and
jesica biel 11 jesica simpson and britney's spirit 10 got that one just in the nick of time
i used to like him a lot you know that nick of time now it does he not looks so good anymore but he's
he's and now he's got his own show on abc you talk about milka knows that pair for everything they can
even even once he had real ones panel of lean never got milk like that i'm in jesus unbelievable
everything on television model two more under together and they're really hot you know uh sure
britney and jalo nine jesica simpson little chem eight catharines aided jones and jacklin smith eight
choline laylock and jerry ryan a who knows jerry ryan uh they're both from uh the star checkers
oh god king of the reason dawn wells eight chanayat win and faith hill seven
chanayat win and uh jenifer wells and tobi wells it was a liza doux goo and charisma carpenter five
janitorino and judy dean five that's dr judy dean rosanna star jones five Pamela Anderson and
Lonnie Anderson five Lonnie's just a bin bed you know yeah i mean she's just a silly person big hair
fake boobs that yeah and she was married to allegedly the brit rena yeah i think he was really
married to domdele always my son aren't they still scruan and bo griffin four khani chung and
greda van sustern four wippy goldberg and cc h pounder three one a pounder no thank you jamey
personally and britney daniel three howie burry an angelina jolie three live tyler and cape
lanchet only three how come live tyler and do him better uh today match up with kanta semifix i think
elizabeth montgomery and barbers eaten oh now come on look at the way he spelled edan come on josh
e a d e n next thing you know he's gonna put e a t i n
edan edan you didn't read your bible mister you better get with it he didn't watch i dream of
edan now he didn't read his bible about the garden of edan edan okay like the edan rock have you
ever been on the beach josh what's that yes i have yeah he's gonna be on the beach pretty
soon if he keeps this up uh what is it barber eaten and whatever and then mr. murel like ones
and twos ones and a two and loran's well there were other emotion let's move on a lot more
dike hawk on new show jorge so next time you're on in fact are we doing it the other day when i
was out sick i turned it on lesbian this lesbian that that's where it's at now man but it's
full for how it's firm he's got a 90 show it's the lesbian show the dike show right right
i mean they got that queer as folk and all that finally something for us
haha you better clarify what you meant by that something for us had to write the sexual i see okay
because when you said queer as folk now they finally got something for us all the people that
you think you're when a madi con pakenia we pakenia do you need to 26 after one at five 16 that's why
i like being here because everything is measured in silly little millimeters if you're thinking
to buy the new car truck well if you want to save big i invite you to see armstrong toyota of
homestead. You'll find them on US one just 20 easy minutes south of the 836. Armstrong's Toyota
homestead is worth the by the matter where you live to save yourself a whole boatload of
money thousands on new Toyota's. Check out these grade prices and 04 Corolla loaded including
air that you want for just 12 990. An old for camera with air automatic and a lot more
just 16 990. Need a truck? Janet, how about an 04 Toyota 100, the safest truck in America
from just 14 990. And when you buy your new vehicle, it armstrongs Toyota homestead.
You get a free sun pass and don't forget they were the first dealer in the area to
offer free batteries and tires for life. General manager David Richardson, the staff will
do it almost anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today. Experience
the armstrong Toyota homestead difference. They're locally owned and operating and they're
committed to making you 100% happy. Their service department is open late. We've nights
till 8 to make sure your service work is done right and done great. You can immediately
locate it on US one and 293rd Street in a homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836. So
we'll promise like crazy and then under deliver big time called David Rich, Armstrong's
Toyota homestead GM right now at 305 242 3247 305 242 3247. Drive a little and save
a lot on a great new Toyota and Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
view
She was the hottest thing in half time for sure.
You know she made us forget the score.
That little shirt with the big pair.
Baby she is no hot just as long as she does wear.
That's right.
Wow.
She's got a body we like to grow.
And then we watch them mouth out of soul.
It looks me out when I hear her say.
Things like fucking spin and fucks up fucking my baby.
I'm crying.
Uh uh uh uh.
Friends is a hot lady.
Uh uh uh.
Friends is a hot lady.
Uh uh.
Friends is a hot lady.
Uh uh uh.
Friends is a hot lady.
1.32.5.60.
Got to do some not too many guarantees in life.
One thing I can guarantee you is this.
If you meet a person, a guy who claims to be a heterosexual male, okay?
Okay.
And he tells you that he has no interest in hopping on Britney's bones and right.
Doing all sorts of obscene and wild and erotic things to her.
There's one thing you should say to him.
You're gay.
Yeah.
Is there any doubt?
No.
No.
What's the other?
You're gay.
5.670560.
We haven't heard from your friend today yet.
We're from his boyfriend.
Right.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, I got one for your little poll.
All right.
How about the Olsen twins?
It's honor.
How it is?
It's honor and they're doing well as a matter of fact.
Really?
The Olsen twins have got, uh, what do they got George?
Probably.
I got a lot of money.
I got the 19.
They're doing really well.
There must be a bunch of sick, perverted bastards.
Yes, there are.
Like you.
Thanks.
They're in fourth place already.
Look at that.
They're moving up the list.
Big time.
The Olsen twins.
It's that twin factor because they're kind of weak looking.
Jimmy and Johnny Olsen were sitting in peace.
5.6706.
Are they weak looking?
Yeah, they are.
Really?
They've ever seen them.
What are they in?
Frog, frog face.
Are they in those double-minced twin guns?
No.
They're not hot enough.
I don't know what they do.
Each other.
A lot of people.
30QA.
Hello.
Dio, how are you?
Multiband.
I got one for you, man.
I'll be right back.
The most delicious Vida Guerra and Jennifer Lopez.
Lisa Guerra.
Vida Guerra.
Vida Guerra.
Vida Guerra.
No, man.
Jeremy Shock is girlfriend.
Okay.
Jeremy Shock has got a girlfriend.
I heard you and a boyfriend is what I heard.
You know what they say about the ones that protest the most?
And who else?
Vida Guerra and Jeyloon.
Okay.
Thanks.
Start speaking English pretty soon to help.
What do you say?
Viva la Guerra.
I've never heard of that.
But you understand.
You translate.
I don't know.
You tell just Viva la Pinga.
Viva la Pinga.
Something like that he said.
I don't know what it means.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Five.
Sixty.
A little tongue-tied myself.
Pomp.
Five.
Sixty.
Eighteen.
And Verizon.
Boy, you're a people, man.
I'm going to tell you.
They got a great sense of humor.
Wait till they start using it.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, I got one for Newspold.
Yes, sir.
Go right ahead.
Oh, come on.
It's all you.
All right.
All right.
But my wife, Terry, and Jennifer Lopez.
All right.
You got it, man.
There's three breasts there now.
Jennifer, what I meant?
Jeyloon's, she's got phony ones, right?
No.
She's got real breasts?
Yeah, they're not that big.
Well, how could you, how could you even look to see them?
You see your breasts when you're focused on her.
Correct.
Big fat ass.
Well, there's the front view and they're rear.
Right.
And of course, Mariah would help big one rounder that she's got there.
I bet you Jackie Johnson's trying to model herself after Pariah's scary.
And by the way, Mariah, Louise Stoeyn interested.
WQM, hello.
Is QM?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I have something for the poll.
Okay, go ahead.
Beyonce and Jeyloon.
Very good.
Okay, Jeyloon's coming on fast.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Oh.
There you go.
Don't happend.
It's in one point and then think.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I was gonna pay my child support but then I got high, no you wait, hey la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
我們來後呢,我們來後了滯滯
Now I'm jacket on
And I know why
I'm singing this song because I'm hot
Hey baby
I'm singing this whole thing wrong
Yeah, I'm hot
Bring it back, bring it back, I'm hot
And if I don't still want to come
I'm a wild one
Yeah, I'm hot
I'm hot
I'm hot
Are you light on me?
I'm hot
He really is
He really is
155-560-W2
I don't ever want to hear that again get jiggy with it
Just that part I'm gonna like chop that off
You know who it reminds me of?
Don't say it
Edit it to her, I just want to read like
Or quick little verb here at the beginning of the story
It's not on our website
But because we want to get about 400 more suggestions on our dyke pool
In the wake of latest revelations from weapons inspector David K.
Many of the largest US newspapers are belatedly pressing the Bush administration for an explanation of how it could have gotten the question of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq so wrong in the March to war last year.
Not just wrong, but so wrong.
A growing number are raising the possibility that Bush and his team may have cooked the intelligence to support the case of their case for war.
An ENP survey of the top 20 newspapers by circulation found that as Wednesday 13 had run editorials on case resignation is Chief US weapons inspector in Iraq last Friday and a statement that no WMD's existence in Iraq and likely did not exist in Iraq during the US run up to the war.
Nearly all of those papers blamed intelligence figures for the miscalculation and called for a full probe, but eight of the 13, most of which supported the war, also raised the issue of White House deceit, and it's possibly blind pursuit of intelligence that fit its plan for war.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay, okay, we'll spiss WQM. Hello.
Yeah, I do.
Pretty good, sir. We're getting to you with it.
Um, I don't know if you know the Miami LA Clippers pepper tonight.
That's right.
Right.
I think it's about 10.
About 30, man.
Yeah.
WQM. Hello.
QAM.
That's it.
That's what he's just filled with it. Okay, he's going to say that he's thinking about RuPaul and what's your name?
The Arthur WQM. Hello.
Hey, what's going on, buddy?
Yes, sir. How you doing?
All right. I got one for the phone.
Go right ahead. Lay it on us.
Christina Apoget and Michelle Rodriguez.
I like to phone that bitch.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
You got it, Josh?
We got you.
Leave the bone out.
Okay.
It's like in a nice day.
Sometimes it's better bone out.
Count five sixty on a 18 team for Ryzen Marvel's line.
Don't forget to look for the QM band tonight.
Sixth eight PM with the Sandbarg real in the grove.
Stop by to win prizes.
Enjoy president.
A beer.
Josh is going to be there.
We're going to have two three cases of free beer.
That's the side of the Sandbarg real six to eight in the PM.
WQM. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
RuPaul was also until Henry show for a little bit.
That was a cylinder.
It was a cylinder.
Oh, Henry, are you sure?
Yeah, because he's come on every once in a while with some woman.
Say, he had some where tropical disease and his voice was kind of off, off-kilter.
But also for the Paul.
Okay.
How about Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton?
Not that's good.
Maybe they can see eye to eye.
And here's one hot couple.
As George, not for your Paul, but maybe George remembers the two chicks in the hall and drive.
Yes.
Those were those with some cuties.
What do you mean maybe Georgia members?
I saw that before he ever did.
That's right.
Oh, you did.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Even this old Fag of members there.
Won't we talking about my Holland drive just yesterday?
It's the work as well.
Okay.
Laura Bush and Swirlery Clinton.
Let's get that them on there.
Okay.
Maybe we can kind of unite this country.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Oh, 12 hour no fly zone over the estate of In Houston is going to be enforced before the
game after the game during the game around the game.
Anywhere anybody's thinking about the game.
You ready for this?
Yeah.
Major, major, major big time security.
Because they want to protect Tom Brady.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
I have a few, my two cents for the Paul and I have a comment also.
Wow.
Okay.
For the Paul, I have Shakira and Christina Galera.
Okay.
And Bishop and Celia Cruz.
Right.
Right from the dead.
Same guy.
You know, what is this town coming through here, Miami?
Where like, at the rate that we're going, you see those tombstones they put in every major
intersection.
Yeah.
At the rate we're going by the year 2010, the whole town.
We're changing the name of the town to tombstone junction.
Right.
Jesus.
All right.
How you doing?
And you too.
He's right.
I saw that when I was home.
I see these, uh, with the little cross and the Chachki and all this other stuff.
It's spread.
I mean, it's sad.
Somebody gets, uh, killed out there in a highway, but enough already, okay?
Cut the crap.
Uh, 11-D-42 at 5.60 QAM.
Why, why, and local, your sports radio 5.60 QAM?
You way, yeah.
I don't have a penis.
I've never had one.
I swear.
I love Shakira's tongue.
I'm 10 years, and 100 years, you're close.
I'm a mid-door-class.
That's an endless story.
There's a name.
That's wrong.
And now you'll love her new album.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
I can't believe I'm a mid-door-class.
Oh, I'm more.
She already made music history by recording her first English language album.
And now she's taking her art form to the next level.
By re-recording songs that were already hits in English.
Only this song can be heard.
I'm just done there in English again.
I'm fraught so, that means better.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
You know, you're all, you can't have that more of my deep.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
I'm just a little more, but I'm in my dreams.
They never fall apart.
If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service,
then you'll really, really, really like her new CD.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
No denemos en español, in esos momentos.
See, if I could tell you how obsessed I am with Shakira,
I can be in fact, I'm so obsessed I'm gonna even play the other bit.
Alright, I mean, there's several, but this is the one.
I love it.
I'm ecstatic that you like Shakira.
A lot.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
She's a cute, she's one of the things I work on.
But be your such a banker.
Be your such a banker.
She's the best, I can go and take a boat or she's unbelievable.
56 and 560 WQM, let's get a couple more pairings in here.
Okay, couple more pair.
WQM, hello.
Not there.
WQM, hola.
Not there.
Like I said, see they give up too easy.
QM, hello.
Hello, I'm gonna feed the meal.
Speaking.
Neal?
Yes, sir.
Is it Neal, Robbis?
It looks like me.
It sounds just like me too.
Okay, no.
I'm not going to feed your poll.
Okay, go ahead.
Share it on Grace Jones.
Who is the first one?
Hello.
Who is the first one again?
Share in Grace Jones.
Oh, share in Grace Jones.
Okay, share and share like, share and Grace Jones.
Okay.
Whatever you say, whatever turns you on, man.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, I got two for your poll and these are two of managers' favorites.
All right.
The Williams sisters.
Serena and Pena, Avinus.
Yes.
If you got one.
The Williams sisters, man, side by each, ask to ask what a racket that would be.
Oh, I know.
By the way, I've cast an ovus, listen, here's the Toronto weather.
Right now it's a little on the murky side.
It's minus 10.
That's not too bad.
But wait till you hear this.
We're getting into like real single digits minuses starting pretty soon like tomorrow.
Tomorrow, partly sunny and minus seven.
What is that?
About like 20.
About 30, man.
Not yet.
Don't get carried away.
And then like on Sunday, a big, you know how they have the big sun, the symbol on air on the city post.
Yeah.
A big sun and minus four, which is starting to get close to.
About 30, man.
Right.
If they were changes, Dan, think back again.
Come on, change it again.
You idiots, you morons, you, you crazy connox.
And then on Monday, you're not going to believe this partly sunny and the big 32 freezing again.
That incredible.
What?
No, it is not so bad.
In fact, when you've been like in the aminuses for so damn long, and then you get like it would be like mougat and a two share, you know.
Now come on, mower, he's holding his own man.
That old crazy critter.
He's, he's developed a following there.
Here's the, here's the rundown.
I can only give the double digits because I'll never have time.
What's your ultimate list being fantasy?
Two famous females starting at the bottom up, which is the way most guys probably would.
Shania Twain in Faith Hill 11.
Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears 13.
Charlize Theron and Jessica Biel 13.
Britney Spears in JLo 15.
Jessica Alba and Halle Berry 15.
Catherine Zeta Jones and Jennifer Conley 16.
Halle Berry and Sandra Bullock 17.
I almost feel like unclean, you know, putting Sandra Bullock on this.
Why?
I don't know.
It's just that she's so nice.
Nice.
You know, it's like how the anderson the same thing.
She's so cutesy, flames the erotic factor.
I know.
I'm not saying I'm questioning, but it just, I feel like I don't know.
Subrosa.
Monica Lewinsky and Hillary Clinton 19.
Now I really feel, really feel dirty.
Jenna Reno and Ann Bishop.
Now we're talking 23.
Britney Spears, Britney Spears and Jenna J.
She's a great name.
That's not what white says.
He says he's cleaned the, he's cleaned the area off for Monica.
Janet and Ann are doing it the 23.
Britney Spears and Jenna Jamison 25.
The Olsen twins 35 and leading the list.
My choice Charlize Theron and Britney Spears.
Nobody's going to touch them.
They like to, but they're not going to 47.
Not even a contest.
Speaking of no contest, let me see again.
I just come on those psychic vibes.
Got the final score for the Super Bowl.
Run to the bank, man.
Take this to the bank.
Final score, pay for its 33 and nothing can be finer than to beat up on Carolina.
10.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm flying to meet you again.
My name is for Marty.
Like the vagina really gets my panties in a while.
Congratulations.
