I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
I'm going to start with the last part of the game.
We'll Rogers mornings and we dig.
And, towards a round of clock,
through fights and...
...to weigh in.
Another break already?
I've been going by by, thanks, Lord.
I'm pretty soon we will be two.
You live on the couch, your house will...
...to be toast the hurricane.
I'm dying out of here.
You know it's a story.
Get some cloud or hurricane.
Ha!
They lit up, they lit up, they lit up.
Oh!
If you choose to stay,
then you must be insane or hurricane.
You wish the train to park was more like Noah's Ark.
Hurray, hurricane.
A lot of times.
Better run, better run, better run.
Hurray, hurricane.
The only kind of a beach is the weather.
Trailing, hurricane.
He says people should leave while he's alive on the scene.
Hurray, hurricane.
He is not.
He is not.
Hurray, hurricane.
So let me ask you, what do you guys think?
Do we take any more breaks today?
Or is what we're doing here a lot more important than putting spots on it?
Don't you think?
Nothing.
I'm not seriously, stop to think about that.
I'm...you know, I'm...
...excited about the fact that we have much shorter show every day now.
especially on days when we got a Marlon game like today and tomorrow.
Yeah, that's right. Today and tomorrow. Marlon's on Dec. 130.
Mon, the Montreal Expos against the Marlon's at,
Josh, US Cellula.
Well, we were both full of crap on Friday.
Well, I looked it up and I was sure it wasn't
Komisky Park anymore, but Josh had me convinced in the
Internet that it still says Komisky Park somewhere.
But then again, if you look on the internet for anything, you'll find it,
especially if it's wrong. US Cellula Field in Chicago, a neutral site after the Marlon's
bomb had crept out of the cubs. It was 11-1, yes, damn believe you.
That's right. Then we got Moa Howard, David from after the
ball game till 7 o'clock tonight, the departing Moa.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Possibly. Well, he's going to need a lot of rehab.
Anyway, he's going to need a lot of time after the dolphin season really gets going here.
Oh, like he cares. Oh, man, what did I tell you? Are they going to suck or what?
Yes. They have no quarterback. They got no running back.
They can't basically score any points is what it boils down to.
So it's not too easy to win any games when you can't score any points.
But nevertheless, I don't want to pick on those board all fans.
Yeah, we got a shot, especially now that the assault band rifle is ending today.
Get your oozee. Get your AK-47. Get your ghetto blaster.
Oh, sorry. Moa Howard, David, and after the game till 7, we got the big 7,
88 at the 10 o'clock. That's our schedule for today so far.
And it still has question marks in the afternoon.
Wednesday, two Friday this week. So maybe just maybe the hunter might return this could be the week.
That was fun. But we have no idea.
So I'm a little bit off my feed right at the moment because you're telling me that,
see, I just don't get it. I mean, it's one thing to go on and on and on and on.
Four and a half hours, five hours, five and a quarter hours, five because you're so great
and because the whole world needs more and more of you. You know, we're stern as air every day.
That's one thing. But when you don't take any commercial breaks, I mean, what's the point?
What's the benefit? Well, what is the deal?
Right. What about those people that bought stern spots here?
Scroll them.
See with them, it's just the opposite of us. We want the money.
Just give us the F and money and we'll get the spots on come hell or high water.
No matter what else we've got on the air. And that's all that's important.
So my question to you is since they went an hour with no spots, no breaks,
we don't have any more availability. In fact, I sneaked in that first break there out of the
kind of my heart so that they wouldn't be crying and crying, carrying on like, but we got no more,
there's not no more room to at the end. And I thought you were telling me that Robert was going to
be playing our spots. So you guys can't get your signals straight enough while they were going to.
But then they didn't take that break. Yeah. So what do they need to play our spots for?
They didn't. We need to play theirs now because they didn't take that break.
But we don't, we have no way to play their spots. We have, there's no more room.
We have longer breaks. I think you're pardoned. That's what that's what Robert said.
No, we don't have longer breaks. We don't do five minute breaks on this show.
I hate to break the news to you boys. See it's one thing. See right now, this could be a very
interesting day on WQA because we're not going to be running 20 minutes of spots an hour on this show.
And then going to happen. Yeah. And the fact that they bought themselves into a show that has the
most, I wouldn't say bizarre format. They don't have any film. No format. That's Greg Reads problem.
Okay. I mean, you talk about Hutzpah. This guy said, well, you know, we're really paying
Neil to do four hours. Neil's very happy to do four hours. You know, 10 am to 2 pm. That's the time
the Roger Show runs. So the fact that he contracted for another show that runs way over into this show
every day just about that's his problem. I'm here prepared to do four hours every single day.
But I'm not prepared to like for this show. I've already made it very clear to them so that we
don't have nothing but spots and no show because Stewart is so important that we don't have an
East commercial breaks that ain't going to happen. So you're telling me that they came in and they
made those breaks all five minute breaks. Nobody has come in yet. Well, guess what? And then just
as well not because they ain't going to happen. Trust me when I tell you. Anyway, Hurricane Ivan back
up to a category five. It's a tug toward far away student Cuba early today scouring the Caribbean.
The new coordinates by the way 20.6 North 84.4 West still 160 mile an hour wind strong category five
dangerous dangerous. Oh my god. But not for South Florida not even for the West Coast panhandle.
And then we're just showing on CNN that they were way down Pensacola some of the places in the panhandle
way down on rain this year. So probably the good Lord. Do good. Same good Lord that's killing a lot
of people who just can't get out of the hurricanes way. He saw that they had a drought up there
so far this year and he said well let me just get out of your way because you've had enough grief
last few weeks and I'll go up there in the kind of sprinkle some on them kind of spread it around
and probably a few more people will die and stuff like that. But in the meantime he'll be watering the
lawn making the trees grow all the nice little flower stuff like that. Right. Right. So anyway the 11 o'clock
tracking map will be down anytime now. Oh and also a Spencer out there now I gave Spencer a little
poo poo there on Friday which he seemed to enjoy. Cockat. Yeah. And that website that he
fast after the show I did watch it and I was so impressed by it about that 757 and allegedly
yeah allegedly struck the Pentagon right and they haven't found like a shred of that plane. It
must have just evaporated. We're hearing about that right after it I didn't pay any attention. Yeah
well I thought that was more that conspiracy theory stuff you know we heard but I watched that and
so I had Eric put a link on there. I can't I can't get into playing my computer for some strange
reason but George didn't everybody else seems to be able to it downloads okay. Huh? Sell the whole
thing and you're right quite riveting. Yes so you probably want to take a look at that the 9-11
Pentagon strike on the O'Rodges.com along with our beaded curtain today who is Jade Bairmore.
She's a little on the jaded side. Jade Bairmore born May 8 1946 in Brandenburg, West Germany.
She's the mother of Drew Bairmore for reference point. Yes. I never heard I got to be honest with
you. I mean of course I never heard of a lot of people because I'm a stuffy old fart but I never
heard of Jade Bairmore. My jaded or what? I don't think she's famous for anything other than being
married. She made a few films. That's she. The lucky ones 2003 funny Valentine. Well big apple.
The wedding directing Eddie. He ought to be committed. I ain't saying no to them. Now since here he
ought to be committed. Is that really the name of the movie? Never heard of it. Glam trash. The
last days of disco. Oh yeah. 1998. Enchanted silent prey and inevitable great and a bunch of
other stuff. So Jade Bairmore is on our website today. The mother of Drew Bairmore. Luckily that's
an old picture. I think we got her best work on the website right now. Is that it? That's about as
good as it gets with Jade. Anyway we got a whole lot of spots to do here. Like I said if they come
in and try to add anything more spots I'm just telling you right now. Okay that's the directive.
If they want the show to continue at least with me on it. There ain't going to be five minute
breaks in that next hour. Once it's a great while to accommodate them we do that. It's not bad
enough in the one o'clock hour that we got three four minute breaks in there. So one o'clock you
folks that don't care about the marlins you can go go fishing or something. Oh come on. No
doesn't be here. No do anything. Uh huh. Who doesn't care about the more? Oh I forgot. 1057 at 560 WQAM
right now Armstrong for the homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining
O4s and here are just some of the great deals they have waiting on you. And O4F150 pick up just a
dollar over invoice. Rangers crowned vix toruses and focuses all waiting for you. It's just a dollar
over invoice only at Armstrong for the homestead plus Armstrong ford offers more value to
with slow customers. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong ford you'll get their exclusive tires
and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. The value you get at
Armstrong ford doesn't stop there either right now you'll get a free floor to sun pass with any
vehicle you buy if you're pressed for time like we are. Armstrong ford knows your time is
available so call them at 305 247 51 12 and shop right over the phone to even deliver that new car
or truck or whatever right to your door. Armstrong ford homestead locally owned and operated. They
treat you just like family and I guarantee you I'll bet you Greg reads life on it and not even throw in
Robin Quivers. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in no way know how no bait and
switch no phony deals just the best deals going anywhere. Armstrong ford homestead you'll find him
at 307 25 South Dixie highway 20 minutes out to the 836 check out the web Armstrong cars.com
and then drive you a little and save a ton of it do Ford only at Armstrong ford of homestead.
Roger Scott.
Another break already?
Absolutely.
I'm dying on the air.
Start watching Fox News.
They're live every day because every last rape public in
is in New York.
All those right wing dudes.
With hair that is gray.
They say they want George Bush again.
New York.
New York.
Don't want to shake up down in Washington DC.
Because the best president is still the
chaining.
I'll see how much food.
They can drink in four days.
Now that the grand old party is here in New York.
Which is the big Apple's friend.
If you don't count.
Harlem.
But he's still here.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
11045 65 WQ AM.
We're very rushed.
So we got a hurry station.
Marlon pregame at 130.
We got a lot of spots to play.
No.
We don't.
Just stop and think about how ridiculous this is.
See Greg Reed once again sticking his foot way up inside his ass.
Even the proctor just can't get it out.
He just can't stop dittling around man with this radio station.
And now he's got himself into a real jackpot.
Because now not only did they lose the spots in the first half hour
this hour, which this highly rated tend to well the last hour.
But also the spots that they were going to play on that highly rated
Howard Sterns show.
Well, if you don't feel like taking a break.
They don't get to run him anywhere.
See what I'm saying?
I got another idea.
Run him over night when everybody's asleep.
And then you can always say, well, we ran him.
Right. There you go.
You got to pay us because we ran your spots.
Not necessarily in the show you wanted or at the time you wanted or
when anybody was awake and listening.
But we ran him.
Pay us or else.
Speaking of that.
What other reason I just played that?
Guess who died.
Frank Sinagin.
Close.
You never heard of this guy.
Fred Ebb.
Remember Ebb tied?
No.
Well, you had nothing to do with that.
He wrote the lyrics for such had Broadway musicals as Chicago and Cabaret as well as the big city anthem.
New York, New York, out of heart attack.
He died Saturday.
His home said Dave McCowne and assistant to composer John Kander.
No relation to Jamie McCowne used to play for the Leafs.
It was a long time collaborator.
By the way, speaking of the Leafs, no hockey seasons.
Almost 99 and 999, 10%.
The lyricist was believed to be 76, although Ebb always was sweetly vague about his age.
He wrote the scores for 11 Broadway musicals.
Many of them for such leading ladies as Gwen Verden,
Cheetah Rivera, Lisa Manelli, and Lauren Bakal.
Yeah, it goes on.
Well, it isn't old fart.
Nobody ever heard them.
But anyway, he wrote that.
Everybody knows that song, right?
2310 votes on that poll over the weekend.
Regardless of your choice.
Right now, who do you think will win the election?
Who's going to win it?
Not who you like, but who do you think's going to win?
2300 plus votes.
Bush 980, 42.4%
Carrie 903, 39%.
So we even, among this very, very pro-cary audience,
he just aggravating the hell out of me because just now he's like,
well, you know, that Cheetah pet thing,
yeah, where you water it and all of a sudden it starts sprouting and growing.
I think they're watering his
privates.
Okay.
That's not saying nuts, but I'm sure that we can't say that.
Call up what's your name?
What's your name again on the West Coast?
Oh, Joyce.
Yeah, Collab's Joyce, if we can say nuts.
Nuts to you, Joyce.
You stupid bitch.
Anyway, he just is too slow into they're starting to do things now.
They should have been doing at the convention and immediately following
convention by Ripon Bush and ask about all these lies.
But in the meantime, maybe too late.
Anyway, 98903 Bush, we think so.
He's going to win.
Don't know 323 and don't give a shmit 104.
That's the poll from over the weekend from Friday.
Now today's poll.
And I'm sure that we can add to this.
Which people ethnic, religious or whatever treat women the worst.
Yeah, and I got to be honest with you there.
I just am amazed as I travel in various places that I've been in Europe and around.
I just can't believe how crapily women are continued to be treated.
Sure.
Like garbage, right?
Anyway, here's the short list that we got so far.
Muslims, Orthodox Jews,
Italians, blacks or the Catholic Church.
Which group ethnic religious, whatever treats women the worst, the most
chavily like 10th class citizens.
I'm sure you can add to that.
Okay, here's the 11 a.m. advisory on Hurricane Ivan.
And how come like you said before the show today, how come none of those
projected tracks, those models showed it going right straight toward the Yucatan Peninsula?
Which is pretty close to the direct.
It's right on it right now.
It's on it.
Yeah.
Extremely dangerous, not just dangerous, but extremely.
Oh my god.
Dangerous, but not for you folks.
Thank the Lord.
Thank goodness.
Thank you.
Good.
Can't wait five.
I've been heading toward Western Cuba and the Yucatan channel,
which I think on your TV is like fainted place.
A or is it 51?
Sixty-nice.
A hurricane warning remains in effect for Cuba from Pinar del Rio to
Ciego de Avella, including the Isle of Yut.
A hurricane warning means that hurricane conditions are expected within the
hurricane within the warning.
Your issue within the next 24 hours.
Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion.
Just like to find job that somebody did on those shutters on my house,
not that didn't call that didn't show up.
Just did a fine job on Saturday, not a hurricane.
Watch remains in effect to the rest of Cuba.
Hurricane warning, I can't wait for Adam to come and say he want to do some spots for these guys.
No.
Right.
Anyway, 11 o'clock this morning, the government of the Cayman Islands just
continued all warnings for all the Cayman Islands.
A tropical storm watch remains in effect for the Florida Keys
from the seven mile bridge westward to the dry tour Tugas.
Percane watches may be required for persons of the North Central and
North Eastern Gulf of Mexico, coast later day or night.
At 11 o'clock this morning, center of hurricane, I have located in your latitude,
20.6 north, longitude, 84.4 west, or so some people say longitude.
And I have no idea why they say that.
About 85 miles south southeast of the western tip of Cuba.
Just west of that Cuban tip.
I have been moving toward the northwest at about eight miles an hour.
These general motion expected for the next 24 hours toward the northwest.
Maximum sustained winds near 160 miles an hour.
Oh my god.
With higher gusts, some fluctuations in the frantic expected during the next 24 hours,
during the past few hours, San Quij and the lower Florida Keys,
reported they sustained wind of 41 miles an hour with a gust of 48 big deal
during passage of an hour to rain band of Ivan.
Those of us who survived Francis, we we felt bigger blows than that.
Hurricane Force, Windsor, up to 105 miles, yadda yadda.
Central pressure is 915. Wow.
This is a big one, baby.
It's a good thing it's going to get somebody else and out of us.
Like maybe some of the Yahoo's in the panhill.
Eric today finds job.
He's already got the 11 a.m. photo up there, the tracking map.
Nice going, Eric.
You're on top of it, baby.
And showing that the eye of the storm just just going to graze.
In fact, you know something.
What?
It's going to be in the next couple of hours.
It looks like or maybe maybe sometime this afternoon that it's going to graze the Western
tip, the Cuban tip.
And then at eight o'clock tomorrow morning, it's like moving to the northwest up into the Gulf.
And the eye moves up to the Northwest actually a little bit and then starts heading to the
North and the Northeast and curves back up to what I would call the Western part of the,
this again is the central part of the cone, which we're not even close to being in.
In fact, the overwhelming majority of the state of Florida, even with that big,
wide extended cone.
You know who's going to feel the ass end of the heavy rains from this?
Jeff Cohen?
Me?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, just like Francis, man, drenched this place in the two days and the whole Northeast
would tons and tons of rain and mung.
And this one's going to do exactly the same because it goes up over to Panhalthieu, Alabama,
with a banjo on its knee.
And then if it follows the center of this tracking thing up through the Northwest part of Georgia.
And then into North Carolina right toward Georgia's home up there and then moving off into Virginia.
Hopefully it'll make like a nice right turn there and off into the Atlantic.
Although it looks, uh, I don't know.
Could be headed right for, I don't want to give you any clues as to where it might be headed for.
After it goes to Lake Philly, in Delaware, Maryland.
But that's just some rain.
They can handle it.
Okay, today's pool, well, I'll give you the pool, right?
You got it up there.
Let's see.
Oh, and we didn't give it back here at the other two.
So I guess, uh, Josh can add those on there because he's under a lot of stress and pressure.
We're like, now they didn't come in there trying to add on spots.
Did they, Josh?
No, I guess they don't need to know.
Okay.
Although, I mean, it's not going to happen.
That's a bad precedent.
We got a bad president, but we don't want to sit in a bad precedent.
See what I'm saying?
No, because that would be really stupid to let them start.
It's bad enough that we have very little show left in the first place.
But if we're just bad, if we're just, no, seriously, I don't mind that part.
Like I said, if they want to pay me for five minutes, that's great.
But if we're going to sit here and try to do a show,
they have nothing but the slap over it.
Then that's a way, we're like the mop up for Stern, you know?
Yeah.
We're like the mop up crew for the mess that he leaves after he decides
when he finally is going to wrap it up and go home.
And then, well, we didn't bother planning any spots for an hour,
but we're not going to play him.
Screw you, okay?
Greg?
As usual, Greg, you made the mess.
You made the bed now, sleeping, slapping it, okay?
You idiot you.
What a clown.
What people, which people ethnic religious treat women the worst,
Muslims, Orthodox Jews, Italians that you can add in blacks or the capture.
If you would, you got it?
We got it.
You got it.
Just keep sticking, sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking
and sticking, and sticking and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking, and sticking,
He gave us your choice and Jen push, not a match in the end.
Robin Christ will be rich in facts and smells just like the magic stars.
Now the big hat, Barbara Boyce remembers known as the knighting on a fair day with Marty Dalyman.
1133, 27.25, 60WQM. Let's talk real fast. Maybe we can have a little bit of a show today
until tomorrow on pregame show. 130. What do you say? What do you think?
What do we get to talk as fast as that? It was on the phone this morning.
Yeah. Oh, that was really something. That was really quite a deal.
I was, oh, we're in good news for all of us and a lot of people are probably saying,
oh, gee, I went out and I bought plywood this time and I got all that water and batteries.
Well, you know, something, this is one hurricane that you didn't want to be unprepared for.
Because nobody knows the trouble we've been seeing if you're unprepared.
And especially if your shutters weren't up over the weekend just in case, but mine weren't.
I'm just mentioning that in passing again.
It's the South Florida FN way. It's just, it's just amazing.
If you find a business that actually treats you well and shows up when they say,
for example, like Dalyman, for us, one of our finds, I want to just give them a little free plug they deserve it.
They show up in that two-hour window like we always say and they really show up.
Who, by the way, in both hurricane cases have shipped off a truckload of mattresses to both locations?
Right.
And they always do just mention that in passing.
Yeah. Great people.
So if you find people like that, stay with them though and ever were a dream of doing anybody else.
But boy, there are so many shutters down there as well.
And then when they don't even call, they just leave you hanging, leave you in the lurch.
And of course, they've already got a 50% deposit on a big, big amount of money that they're going to, well, whatever.
I don't want to go through a whole song of dance.
Adam.
Did you see the clip on CNN of the guy with the Batman outfit standing on the ledge of Buckingham Palace?
No, I did not.
Didn't you see that?
What great, what great security they got there for that queen, huh?
I think all queens deserve great security.
You know, when I'm losing at the slots, which is quite often, I'm seeing they're playing my slot machines and all you get is a cherry pops up.
And I think to myself, oh, another cherry for the ferry.
I don't know why I think that.
Just to put a snicker.
No, to put a smile on my face, right?
Wait, you're in the middle of a losing streak for like $70.
A father's rights campaigner dressed his Batman as evaded tight security to protest on the balcony at Buckingham Palace, Queen Elizabeth's London residence.
Maybe he just wanted to put on a show for the queen.
The queen was not at the palace at the time of the protest.
She is on her summer break at Balmoral in Scotland, the palace said,
Oh, you stuffy silly ass brits.
Are you ever going to stop?
No.
Oh, God, they make me puke.
This isn't, there isn't intruder a pal in spokeswoman told CNN on Monday.
It's a matter for the police.
It's a matter for Scotland yard and inspectulous strad.
The campaign group fathers for justice had protested Jason Hatchie been on the palace balcony for more than three hours.
And here's the picture of him.
Well, the big not only is he on the balcony, but a big banner.
How the hell do you get up there and how to get that thing up there?
It says, super dads of fathers for justice fighting for your right for your right to see your kids.
And then he's got his website, W, W, W dot fathers dash for justice on a father's dash for dash justice dot org.
A lot of dashes.
Yeah.
The protest you're standing on the ledge to the right hand side of the main balcony at the front of the palace on a full debanter that said,
super dads of fathers for justice.
Two other intruders ran off after helping the demonstrator penetrate the palace grounds.
Police said the men were detected by security cameras as they scaled palace railings.
Well, I sure did a good job of stopping at that point.
How come they didn't unleash the hounds?
The homes of the basketball.
Yeah, those are the ones.
The hounds, man.
The needle was in.
Where all security was reviewed after a daily mirror reported on a job at booking and palaces of servant before US president George W.
Bush, they they're doing a state visit November last year stand up comedian Aaron bar shack also highlighted the lack security by gate crashing Prince William's 21st birthday party at Windsor last year in June.
It's not Windsor raceway by the way we're Marty Adler called those races.
How you doing, Marty A?
Violence.
What I thought I thought the mission was accomplished already wasn't it?
I thought everything we had peace in our hand like his near told us during Vietnam and by the way, I don't know about you, but I'm getting really sick and tired of hearing any more about Vietnam.
We shouldn't forget the lessons learned there about wars that are being fought for no good reason at all based on lies.
In that case, the golf and talking resolution be it's all these things we just keep repeating the same mistakes, but quite frankly all of this business about this memo and this.
And the vision of which how come CBS didn't have all the information back before Bush was running the first time so we would have had to go through this four years of hell as Theresa Heinz carry a short said right four years of hell.
And that's a compliment. That's an understatement.
US helicopter gunship part of Iraqis milling around a burning US vehicle and Baghdad on a Baghdad street on Sunday, one of Iraq's bloodiest days for weeks in which at least 110 people died in clashes around the country.
I bet you they really ought to be grateful to us don't you think?
Candy for the tremendous peace and tranquility we brought to their country.
The health ministry said the worst casualties were in Baghdad where 37 were killed in Tallahfar near the Syrian border where 51 more people died.
In Baghdad witnesses an official said 13 people died and 61 wounded during fierce battles in the area where the gunship the US the gunship fired.
The city also suffered at least seven car bombs and various outbreaks of violence.
And surgeons fired a dozen mortar bombs or rockets around the US occupied green zone compound.
It was one of the heaviest barrages in the capital in months.
South of Baghdad three polar soldiers were killed three wonder when they were attacked near Hilla.
And it goes on and on and on over here on this street there are a match free all over the day in place.
Even though a mission is accomplished baby especially at Abu Gharram.
Yeah. Okay maybe we'll get some more ideas for this poll today.
Okay. Because we probably should take a few calls between now 130 even though we are extraordinarily rushed for time.
That's our new deal on this show is we've been you know it's the condensed near Roger's show kind of like a warden's condensed milk or condensed movies or condensed books.
Things like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon and singular wireless lines which people which group of people three women the worst so far the Muslims have got it.
Don't be a jerk and don't make them wear that burger please enough for that crap already.
148 orthodox Jews 15 white trash trader trash red next ten.
Catholic Church seven Hispanic six Italian six Japanese got four now there you go.
And blacks four.
WQAM hello.
QAM yes sir.
I say Kaysman over there.
Yeah okay WQAM hello.
And by the way go back to New York as life yes sir.
Neil I was wondering if I should make this climbed up on your vacation spot wish list.
Yeah it's number one with a board WQAM hello.
Gregory this is QA.
Well these people have been cooped up for a while now okay it's time let them fly the coop so to speak.
See you ever it.
You are listening to Neil Roger.
You are the guy who does.
You are the guy who does.
QAM no.
Well the hairy girls are hot I really dig those teeth through clothes.
And their eyes are pretty and so is their hair.
It's too bad they got their dead snow.
The Bush twins are so smokin' when they make those campaign style.
Well they got their looks right from their mouth they got their drinkin' from their mouth.
I've got a lot of t-shirts.
You've got a lot of t-shirts.
I've got a lot of t-shirts.
I've got a lot of t-shirts.
You've got a lot of t-shirts.
You didn't hear that.
He was.
They just don't do it for me.
Yeah, all the girls me in the whole wide world.
I like the ones you live in the E.C.
I wish they all could be politicians.
You wish they all could be politicians.
I'm 14 to 9.
I think that the only problem in here is I've got a high cook now right now because we've got very little time.
So little what we got about hour and 45 minutes is like.
Yeah, I think we just had that.
Didn't even have a chance to say hello today because we had to squeeze in some of those spots because, well, you understand I do.
And somebody ought to pass the word along to Robert Grieper.
He has nothing to do with this show.
The little little little little reason he's still in the building is because he's our program director, Josh aka clearance deuros boyfriend.
That's the only reason he's still got the job in there.
But yeah, we can handle that even though he's a self-hitting little right wing Jew, but other than that.
So if he thinks he's going to like start trying to pawn spot, he ain't the traffic.
Don't laugh with her log.
Okay, Robert don't mess with her log.
By the way, she is about two feet tall now.
The water not see what happened to that bitch.
Man, that day that book of Brian and I were leaving last or whatever the hell was two weeks ago.
Elevator door opens and there she is.
I almost stepped on her.
She comes up to your ankle.
So I think maybe she just, I don't know.
Authenticity backed on Bush documents as if anybody really cares because this is all such garbage, man.
After CBS news on Wednesday, Trump had newly discovered documents that referred to in 1973 effort to sugar code president Bush's service record in the Texas Air National Guard.
The network almost immediately faced charges that the documents were forgeries with typography that was not available on typewriter's use at that time.
But specialist interviewed by the Boston Globe and some other news organizations say the specialized characters used in the documents and the type of
format were comment comment elected type writers and wide use in the early 70s when Bush was a first lieutenant.
And then of course they got this deal about well the lieutenant Colonel Jerry Killian.
He wasn't even in the guard at that time and but it would be but it would be about the bottom line is that we got a draft dodging president and vice president.
That's the bottom line no matter how you fry it.
And that's what Carrie should have been saying a long time ago and everybody else to it.
The very least unleash Howard Dean, baby, if they're not going to push up the rest of the yeah, if they don't have the balls on the rest of those leaders, just turn him loose, man.
Let him just like that day that he unmasked Tom Ridges phony terror warning number 725,000 and told it exactly like it was.
Just keep the people on edge, keep him scared like Michael Moore said, keep everybody peeing in their pants.
And then of course this business well the main reason we want four more years of Bush is because he's strong on terror.
Right.
That's why they most protest terror attack everyone American soil happened under his watch.
That's why they tell us to keep peeing in our pants because we can't control the terrorists and we can't round them up.
We haven't found Osama Yamama and will abole all those other lunatic shmata heads.
But oh put him in there again because he's doing just a fine job.
And not only is he doing a fine job there, but the economy is really swell.
Yeah, US air files chapter 11.
So we got Delta laid off 80,000, 80,000, 850 million workers.
You had united that's hanging on by a thread.
And now US scare file for bankruptcy protection yesterday for the second time in two years.
Sounds like my brother.
The chapter 11 filing in the US bankruptcy court Alexandria Virginia came after the airline was unable to obtain $800 million in annual cost.
Cost cuts from its workers unions.
The airline had warned during talks the concessions were needed to avoid the bankruptcy filing.
Customers should not notice any changes in flight operations or customer service because of this filing the airline said in a statement on its website.
All bookings will be honored.
There are no changes to our ticketing policies.
They be saying Bruce Lakefield US Airways president chief executive said in the statement that paid into a pin concessions.
Heighten the need for the company.
The seventh largest airline to conserve its cash and proceed with its plans to overhaul the business and become a low cost carrier.
You following that?
Yeah, a low cost carrier like tango like what are some of the value jet.
There you go.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, how's that clown doing that they painted on it?
That's both the him no more.
No, I'm not I'm not crazy about planes.
I got painted little clowns on the side.
I just am not.
You know, there ain't nothing funny about value jet.
Not anymore.
How's national airlines doing that one deflies the Vegas are they still fly most flights in the high don't know.
I know they're in chapter 85 and 122 and then of course you got the TWA is doing real good in the eastern all the other 85,000 airlines that have vanished disappeared because the economy is doing so great.
And because of that great thank you for those low gas prices Mr. President again by the way.
We keep you getting to say that every day.
Well, I look at that tracking map and it feels me it makes me feel so much better about life and you want to know another reason not only don't we need any more rain and wind and destruction and death.
But now they're very little more excuses although of course that QAM is always an excuse why we can't do this and we can't do that and this one ain't doing this.
But it seems like the whole everything you deal with now for these last three or four weeks.
Oh, well, we can't get around to that because of the hurricane.
And we have to cancel that meeting you wanted that because of the hurricane where you'll have to come up with some new innovative excuses.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes I do.
Everything you've been trying to do for these last three weeks.
Oh, well, we can't get to that because of the hurricane.
Which people ethnic religious etc. treat women the worst like crap and it is inexcusable unless of course they deserve it.
Right.
Maybe we ought to add that to the poll.
It's better have my money.
Huh, yeah.
Seriously, I mean there are obviously some women and I was not telling you about one this morning.
I don't want to go into a whole thing on the air.
You bitch, you slut, you whore.
Right.
Who happens to be the property manager in the building that I live here and she just happens to be a nasty old dyke and she's got a crappy attitude and scorer.
You know, like to just attack her with a broom handle.
Do I do a what was his name?
Abner Louima.
What was his name?
Oh, uh, uh, something like yes.
In New York, you know what I'm talking about when they attack with the broom handle they assaulted it ass salted it.
That's not right.
How come I can't remember that name?
Well, because I'm because I'm running about 155 miles an hour here.
Like a 33 and a third RPM record going at like 172.
270 votes.
Muslims take the cake on this one, baby.
188.
What are we going to do about those schmata heads?
Uh, guess bomb them.
White we're doing it.
White trash 16, black 16, Orthodox Jews 16, Hispanics 13, Catholic Church 8, Japanese 7, Italian 6, and maybe we ought to put they all deserve it.
You think we ought to put that on there?
I don't know.
They don't get a lot of votes.
You're marked my words.
They all deserve it.
That's what some of you women hating the bastards will say.
And maybe you've got a point.
WQA, I'm hello.
I have to go with, hey, uh, he's so good.
Okay, great.
WQA, I'm hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Morning.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good afternoon.
The dolphin, I think, is time.
Yeah.
Okay, and it's over you.
56670560.
Good calls this morning, man.
Good calls.
Uh, a pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines as well.
Aren't they great?
Good thing they don't have time for it.
No, it's too bad.
We don't have time for all bunch of them.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
One foot of pole, man.
Dominican street, that bitch is terrible.
And speaking of bitches, Brian Northcross blinks through that much.
Bleed it.
Okay, great.
Dominicans.
Well, we don't want to say to the Americans.
How do we say that?
What are they called?
Oh, yeah.
We got Hispanic.
Okay, that covers a lot of fish.
I mean, we could have broken it down, but we don't have time to do that, right?
Right.
We don't got time for Nicaragua, and Puerto Ricans, Cubans, Venezuelans, Colombians, just this
fix.
Just garden variety.
WQA, I'm hello.
The attendance at the dolphin game was 69,500.
Well, that's not bad.
It was pretty good.
Considering the circumval, too bad the game wasn't so good, but the attendance was good.
Hey, they got to start somewhere.
Thanks a lot.
How good that.
They got to start somewhere.
There's the dolphin for you.
Hope springs eternal in the breast of a dolphin, man.
It's going to be great.
No, it's not.
It's going to be pretty ugly.
It's going to be pretty ugly.
I've told you that a long time ago, being the football expert that I am, told you that the
Patriots were just unbeatable.
The Tom Brady is God.
And it just keeps on going out.
It's just amazing to me.
I mean, Wayne must need a lot of bottom, you know?
Of course, he didn't have to get mose old peace.
Covered up.
When you think?
I wonder what he got there with it.
Big ball spot, which is his entire head.
He probably have to cover it up with something like a doily or something.
Or maybe he could become a Jewish.
He could become Orthodox and wear a schmata all the time.
Covered up the spot where they lobotomize.
Maybe he'll get him and Greg a tofer, a package deal.
WDQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning, sir.
I'm glad Paul Croft's the allegation against him.
George was going to email something about that.
They might have never got it.
Yeah, it's on Yahoo.
It's on Yahoo.
It's on the L.A. Times.
Actually, Howard Stern, or Robin Paul can add it.
But anyway, I just wanted to make sure you knew about that.
Yeah, George was telling me something we got sidetracked this morning.
He had a homosexual liaison.
Oh, no.
Paul Croft.
Yes.
I think it's time to investigate Paul's crotch.
But it's a French voice he was drunk when it happened.
I think they always, yeah.
All right, later.
Thanks for the good news.
I'm ready to remind them because you started to tell me about that.
Now, why don't you just fax me whatever you got?
I'm printing it up right now, but it's probably already in your email.
I don't want to do my email.
No, I'd rather have you fax me.
You got this email finished.
Don't you understand why I'm doing the show?
Open up this email and that email and this email.
Just forget about it.
What's your name?
I don't care how long it is.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
Paul's crotch.
How do you like that a homosexual affair?
He makes Jim Baker look like a piker.
I got it.
BAAAMING!
I'm just thinking.
For a guy who's been a lucid boy.
I have a life life.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
I'm not the one with sadan.
Come with us.
Back to Vietnam.
Or that war.
It's back in the news.
We want to know.
What did John Kerry do?
Those swift boats.
Now they are making another run.
Those swift boats.
They could be terminally election.
I forgot what said.
That of course won't conjecture about things more than 30 years old.
That war.
It was really bad.
But it's still better than these negative ads.
It's war.
This campaign is a war.
It's a war.
We got the Marlon pregame.
After the ballgame, we got Mo.
Mo, we hear him.
Mo, how are we David?
Look at that.
This story is just made my day, my week, and made my life.
Because here's another religious pony baloney.
All you suckers out there, all you fools that fall for this bullcrab.
When you wake up and sniff the dampen hills in the pansies, huh?
And the lilacs in Rochester.
Televangelist Paul Crocs attempts to keep accuser quiet.
Thank you very much for reminding me about this collar.
See, once in a while, you get to call it's worthwhile.
Indeed.
I want to review years.
This from the LA Times.
Redhills is started.
Televangelist Paul Crocs found to the world's largest Christian broadcasting network has
waged a fierce legal battle to prevent a former employee from publicizing allegations that he and Crocs had a sexual encounter eight years ago.
Crocs 70 is present to the notorious Trinity Broadcasting Network based in Orange County, California,
whose Christian programming reaches millions of suckers around the world via satellite cable and broadcast Estaciones.
The source of the allegations against him is Enoch.
Or is that Enoch?
Enoch Lonnie Ford, who met Crocs as a TV and affiliated drug treatment center in 1991 later went to work for the ministry.
After Ford threatened to sue TV in 1998, claiming that he had been unjustly fired, Crocs reached a $425,000 settlement with him,
and returned Ford agreed among other things not to discuss his claim about a sexual encounter with a TV preacher.
But in the last year, Ford has threatened to go public with this story, prompting a flurry of legal maneuvers conducted in closed court hearings,
sealed pleadings and private arbitrations.
In court papers, Crocs has denied the allegations and ministry officials have described Ford who has the history of drug problems,
and served time for a sex offense as a liar and extortionist.
At stake are the public image of one of the world's most successful televanjolists, and potentially the fortunes of the broadcasting empire that Crocs and his heavily made up wife Jan.
Oh my God!
Built over the last 31 years.
T.B. and in Crocs, one on the legal offensive, after they learned that Ford had written a book manuscript that included an account of the alleged sexual encounter,
in a dramatic flourish Ford had appeared at a T.B. and broadcast studio in Costa Mesa, California, minutes before the start of a praise-a-thon fundraiser,
and without comment headed, crocs, a copy of the manuscript, Ford's lyrics later told ministry officials that they could keep the work out of public, a view by buying the rights.
After some discussion he suggested that 10 million might be a reasonable price, while negotiations continued, Crocs sued the WinFORCE 98 secrecy agreement obtained a restraining order borrowing Ford from seeking a publisher for his book.
Orange, maybe a Larry Fleck can publish it.
If he ever finds that broad and text is that Bush knocked up.
Orange County Superior Court judge John Watson also granted Crocs' request to conduct the case in secret,
c.lear all documents expunging any mention of the suit from public court records, both sides eventually agreed to let a private arbitrator decide the matter in June.
The arbitrator ruled that Ford could not publish the manuscript without violating the 98 settlement, an act that could subject him to monetary damages.
This account of the controversy is drawn from interviews with friends of Ford's unsealed court records and correspondence among T.B. and Zlores copy the arbitrator's confidential rulings.
The arbitrator's decision contains details about the 98 settlement of Ford's manuscript, both of which are under sealed.
Where does it go on and where do we find the good to the mind?
Huh, yeah.
Where are the goods?
Let's see.
We're going to get back to it.
Records and interviews show that even as they battled a heap Ford's story from leaking, T.B. and Lories word that the tales would eventually come out.
I'm absolutely amazed that Lonnie hasn't gone to Penn House or Diane's story with his manuscript, notwithstanding the injunction T.B. and Attorney Dennis Brewer senior wrote in a March letter they inetwards other lawyers.
In a subsequent letter and made, Brewer mentioned the anguished at Ford's accusation that caused Crotch's youngest son Matt when he learned of them in 1998.
Brewer wrote the younger Crotch had told him that his then law partner David Middlebrook wrote,
I'm devastated. I'm confronting with having to face the fact that my father is a homosexual.
Middlebrook and Matt Crotch have denied that there was such a conversation.
Millions of viewers of Paul and Jan Crotch decided to start in the T.B. in 1973.
Well, this is a butcher this thing.
Then he's a rented studio in San Anacel.
I'm not going to read any more of this because it's a little way to butcher that.
It's the whole thing.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
It goes on and on with details about who put what where and this and this one that was already passion involved though.
That's right. There was no passion so then it's kosher.
Okay.
Plus it was circumspect.
So Paul Crotch and other one.
Of course, the legs.
We believe it.
Jim Baker, Jimmy Swagrid, all of these phonies.
Man, Ernest Ainsley with that bad piece that even Mill wouldn't wear.
Come in to QA and hello.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
So obviously this is the boy that cried Wolf Syndrome with Mrs. Norcross and Mrs. Kamal on the TV.
So where are we supposed to take at the next time they come on and start screaming that there's a hurricane or for the tip of Africa?
What does that mean?
Well, I mean, they give us an advisory so far in the event.
Yeah.
They have 17 different models.
Yeah.
And not one of them was ever this far with.
Okay.
Well, what did you talk about this far West?
How about when it got to like down there by Jamaica, man?
They didn't know where it was going.
You're an idiot.
That's all I can tell you.
You're an idiot.
I mean, I'm not going to stick up for those two in addition, which if you had any brains, you'd be watching either Don.
No, what's his name?
Roland Stutton and not those two hyperventilating pansies.
Man.
Well, the first day weren't even hyperventilating about it because we were busy dealing with Francis at that time.
Anybody remember Francis?
Arlene Francis?
What's my line?
You bet.
By the way, Boca, I think you're just just showed up downstairs and it's about freaking time.
Well, the power to hurricane.
Oh, it's bigger than hurricanes.
I want to tell you right now.
I saw the last, the last ten minutes of that abortion on Friday night.
That's my luck.
How was there?
I'm going to tell you right now that FSU is the biggest bunch of gagging choking girls.
It is a girl school, FSU.
It's a freaking little girl school.
Yes, it is.
Man.
They choke in a gag.
This time it wasn't wide.
It was just, well, they all, it must have left the field a few minutes too soon there.
What a joke that was.
And then blow the damn thing at overtime.
That was pathetic.
And I also want to say this.
Those black socks.
I haven't talked about this for a long time.
It wasn't one black sock scandal enough when you think for sports.
Uh-huh.
1919, the black socks?
No, that wasn't enough.
Now they're hurricanes.
I got those black socks.
If that don't make those guys look like a team on a gangster school, I don't know what
does not really give a damn about what's the name Don Anne her shaleighly.
I don't care if you like it or not.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
You don't know what I'm talking about?
I don't.
Well, I'm not going to try to educate you.
You're, you're sad.
You've been hanging out with that goofball too much.
Dave Ann boring.
The black socks and the black shoes, man.
Take a look at it next time they play some of the girls school.
Take a look at it when they play like Yashiva or Vansar.
The exploration today of a 10 year federal ban on assault weapons means firearms like
AK-47s.
And I think it could enough.
We got to get the good stuff on here one moment, please.
There you go.
The exploration today of a 10 year federal ban on assault weapons means firearms like
AK-47, Uzi's and tech 9s.
Can I be legally bought?
It developed that as critics upset and gun owners, of course, please because America
love their guns.
They polish them.
They rub them.
They squeeze them.
They covet them.
They final them.
The 94 ban signed by President Clinton outlawed 19 taps of military-style assault weapons.
A clause directed that the ban expired unless Congress specifically reauthorized it,
which of course it did not because they have no balls.
The exploration of the ban is a victory for the National Rifle Association, which it
made lobbying against legislation.
One of its top priorities.
Remember they were talking about how they were going to have an office right next to
the president?
The Uzi's.
The son of the bitch.
Studies done by pro and anti-gun groups as well as the Justice Department show, conflicting
results on whether the ban would help reduce crime.
No, I think it's really a great idea, especially who done was talking about this.
Was it Kerry yesterday or somebody else about the fact that right in the Al-Qaeda handbooks
that they found, how they talked about how easy it is to buy assault weapons in America?
This was pre-94.
And about how they ought to buy them and go out and start shooting up schools and shopping
wealth, stuff like that.
Gun shop owners say the exploration of the ban will have little effect on the types of guns
and accessories that are typically sold and traded across their counters every day.
At the Boise Gun Company, Gunsmith Justin Davis last week grabbed up a plastic rifle resembling
the US military standard issue, M16, from more or more than a dozen similar weapons stacked
against the wall.
The civilian version of the Gunner called AR-15 Manufactured before 94 could be sold last
week, just as easily it could be sold this week.
It shoots exactly the same ammo, exactly the same rate of fire he said.
Many states, including California, Massachusetts, New York, and Hawaii have passed their own
laws curbing the use of assault weapons.
Some of these are more stringent than the federal ban.
US representative, butch-auter, Republican of Idaho, Trump at the end of the federal law,
President Clinton so-called the assault weapons ban was nothing more than a stop to anti-gun
liberals, obviously, Friday in a written statement.
It provided only the illusion of reducing gun violence, but it did real damage to our
liberties.
Well, thank God that the Republicans don't want to do no damage to our liberties, right?
Right.
Damn it.
What a joke, and half of America's buying into it.
Keep thinking about those goofballs that said, well, you know, once we get past that magic
figure of 1,000 American deaths in Iraq, then at that point the public is really going
to rise up and get pissed off with Bush and Farrak.
Right.
They're dying like flies over there right now and the public is going, li-lip, li-lip,
like that.
Oh, he's good against terrorism, and he's strong.
Only the most inept political party with the most inept candidate could possibly be in
this position on the precipice of disaster seven weeks from now, from tomorrow's matter,
fact as the Democrats.
Just pathetic, tragic, count on them to rescue us from fascism.
Not.
Anyway, Canada's starting to look pretty good, eh?
1213 at 560, W.D.
Can't we don't have any hurricanes, either?
Right now Armstrong, Florida, Holmes, they want to clear their lots and sell off all remaining
O4s.
Here are just some of the great deals waiting for you as I speak.
In O4 F-150 pickup, you pay just a dollar over invoice.
New O4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, crowned vix, toruses, and focuses are all waiting for you with just a buck over
invoice right now at Armstrong, Florida, Holmes, then.
Plus, these folks offer you more advantage of their lower customers when you buy a Ford
from Armstrong Ford.
You'll always get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That is absolutely correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
The value you'll get Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there because right now you can get
yourself a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time during these hectic days in South Florida, Armstrong Ford knows
that your time is tight.
So call this number 305-24751-12 and shop right over the phone and they'll even deliver
that new vehicle right to you in your storm shelter.
Armstrong Ford, a Holmes dead local wounded and operated.
They'll treat you just like family.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town.
No bait and switch.
No phony deals either.
Armstrong Ford, a Holmes dead.
There are 307-25 South Dixie highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web at ArmstrongCars.com.
Grab a little and save a ton of cash on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes
dead.
I'm Don LaPrie.
The guy who showed you how to make money running small classified ads in newspapers all over
the country.
Now I'm going to show you how to make even more money robbing small financial institutions
all over the country.
I was skeptical, but God's gonna system really works.
I got my kid on Monday and my Tuesday.
I was one in five states.
I'll teach you step by step how to pull off a typical armed robbery from casing a
joint to making a clean getaway to taking hostages.
With Don new system, I may order stuff that might make income.
Now get on the floor before I ask the kid not to be last one I ask.
And it's so easy to get started.
All it takes is a handgun, a ski mask and a desire to succeed.
I'm a full time mom, but thanks to Don LaPrie, my mini-dance now a getaway car.
Hold on kid, it's a fun.
To get the cash to order Don LaPrie's making money by taking money system, just write a
hold up note for 39.95 and show it to any bank teller.
From 18, so what about Paul's cross?
I'm what we're going to do about that.
It was abnormally weak.
I'm not talking about it.
And now what I said before, Abner Luimai, I think I said it right.
Yes, close.
And I double check because I thought that I was, I don't know, what kind of a name is that.
Haitian is what it is.
Don him with a broom handle.
I don't know what they did.
Yes they did.
Maltese, there were boys haven't fallen.
You know how it is.
Fortunity kind of takes.
Yes I do.
New my doom variance could forward major attack.
The arrival of four new variants of the my doom worm.
And SCUAN is pretty excited about it.
Within the last few days, his anti virus experts worried that the virus creator may be preparing
to release a major onslaught.
If you want to have a good idea what we do with these punks that invent all these viruses
and spread them all around.
And we were arguing that the bait was aluminum bat or baseball bat.
I say aluminum because of the nice thing.
I say nice little slugger would be good.
Like the pinging sound in aluminum bat making it to head.
What sound?
Don't say it again.
A f***ing sound.
I didn't say it.
On Thursday afternoon last week, my doom, you, VW and X all appear with a couple of hours
of one another.
None of the variances, especially worse, are more innovative on its own.
But taken as a whole, that's what they w.
The release of four versions so close together as of some concern experts said the last time
so many variants of one virus were released in such a short period of time was in July
when four minor versions of the bagel virus emerged.
Boy!
Pawned by a major new strain.
Well that's that song I was humming this morning.
My baby does the morning strain.
Anti-virus researchers say that my doom author could be following a similar pattern.
The last time this happened was with bagel, bagel, with a lot of locks and cream cheese.
And the next one was a big one said Sam Curry in relation to kid curry.
Restored in the E Trust Security Division at Computer Associates International in New
New York plus he says we're getting close to the end of the alphabet a lot of times
these Z and W variants have some extra impact.
Some extra like b***g yeah like that.
Well so many worms and so little time FCC finds another floor to radio pirate good.
Oh right excellent.
All your radio pirates out there should be locked up in the same cell with Sodom and
let and we ought to rely on to commit Sodomy on all of you.
Tampa resident Fritzner Simon Fritzner okay so like a crowd exactly.
Was fine 10 grand by the commission after he confessed to operating an unlicensed FM station
in the Tampa area at 87.9 FM megahertz.
The FCC also detected an illegal radio station operating in 102.1 from a home where Simon's
car was parked but Simon claimed his wife and her friend were driving the car that day
and the park car was therefore not his right just a coincidence.
Meanwhile the FCC canceled a $10,000 penalty of hand imposed against Brooklyn the
York based hip-hop corp after the company proved that it had indeed not been the operator
of the Tampa power well good for them.
Screw you FCC okay you bunch of lunatics go deal with something important okay like
murderers and rapers stop using our tax money to wear a stick that word police in our
face okay.
They keep censoring and censoring and butchering the first amendment as only as you fascist
can do.
Democrats Republicans the whole bunch all five of you lunatics there okay screw you.
Man do they suck the FCC sucks just keep saying it open up the window like Howard Beale
said yell it out the window the FCC sucks the FCC blows screw the FCC in fact the FCC how
do you like that anyway that get out of my system a little bit so sick entire this
sense and not only that but the public buys into it.
Oh yeah well it's a good idea all this disgusting filth on the air waves it's bad for our
children what the hell just happened to my home page.
Uh oh how do I have this shop and now the thing come up there.
You know what I just got you talking about it and there it is.
How the hell did that happen and now I can't get back onto my page again.
Are you on it are you looking at our home page yeah wait a minute I got a cannot be displayed
when I try to.
Well what the hell is going on there maybe that's the worm I was just talking about maybe
somebody stuck that wicked worm.
Maybe we're having issues.
Well do you think that's just a coincidence.
How do you like that I just get you reading that story about that wicked worm and all
of a sudden.
Wow.
How do you like that I'm going to go back to my explorer and check that thing out again
let's see what's going to pop up here okay because if it's that evil thing I just
had on there.
It's taking an awfully long time.
It's taking a long time Eric what's going on here man all I can say is.
Holy moly.
No sooner than I speak than some punk out there who needs to be beaten brutally with
a baseball bat a Louisville slugger wooden baseball bat must have unleashed something
right up Eric's old.
Back to shoot.
He's checking it out now but I can't reload the page I can't either.
All I got is it's a it's cursing it's doing a lot of cursing but can't get nothing and
that's like only seconds after I got through this thing how do you like that.
Uh huh.
Hmm cool.
It's more in downrights to have time for the yet short.
It's on our website if you can get on it.
He says westerns and easterns it's a remarkable feat but teeter tottering John Kerry has
even managing to land on both sides of the ambition issue.
Sorry we couldn't find the page it says on my thing now.
For his entire life Kerry was seen as so ambitious to be present as so eager to concert with
their asses that it was off putting.
His Saint Paul classmates played hailed of the chief on kazoo's when he walked by and
in the senate Bob Dole mocked the Massachusetts Senators love of cameras by nicknamed him
live shot.
But this summer I guess we ought to call Bob Dole limp shot.
But this summer when that lust for power should have been coursing through his veins Mr.
Kerry grew timid and low-key.
He let the bush crowd and swift bow character set and stop all over him and for the longest
time didn't fight back.
He stumbled into every trap bush ink set.
Finally the only Democrat who's fended off the wasp quality on his reminded the nominee
of the prepschool mantra punched the bully in the face and do it in the same news cycle.
When he hasn't been busy with his quiet group of bypass operation Bill Clinton has been
chatting with John Kerry on the phone from the hospital urging him to juice it up.
The Clinton posse James Carville Paul McGelligio Law card Mike McCarrish staying Greenberg
Lanny Davis as intervened to prop up the sagging leadership of Bob Schrum who had advised
Mr. Kerry not to go negative and allowed the once hot John Edwards to vanish without a
trace.
Mr. Kerry listened to Schrummy despite the fact that the strategist renowned for his speech
writing talents and not even given his candidate a single stirring speech.
Writing about the curse of Schrummy in the Washington post Mark Lieberovich said, it's
common to see him in the backseat of a card given by a young aide and image that reinforces
a somewhat regal bearing.
He loves gourmet food and fine wines and as suits handmade by a Georgetown tailor, not
unlike Greg Reed.
Democrats are rolling their eyes at the spectacle of a former president in the hospital bed
resuscitating a would-be president.
Howard Dean had the base all warmed up and now Kerry's turned it away.
Gurleyman said a Democratic insider comparing it with a scene in the Godfather with a
singer Johnny Fontaine shows up at the wedding of Don Crowley-owned daughter and winds that
the studio chief is being mean to him.
You cannot talk to man.
What's going on?
Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney jumped in the polls because they cast their convention as a
Western.
They were the magnificent seven steely-eyed gunsling Samurai writing into save the frightened
town.
Rudy Giuliani, John McCain, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Zell Miller, Dick Cheney, George W. Bush,
and Poppy Bush who was on IMAs comparing Jim Mr. Kerry with Jane Fonda.
The vice president played up the Western motif by giving ABC an interview with his Wyoming
ranch.
The cowboy writing tall in the saddle and holding the reins for a little girl on her
pony could have been Shane, wrote Alice Ellis and her Stanley or TV watch, Common the Times.
After 9-11 Americans want tough guys who are protecting from Al Qaeda, they seem to be
controlling the cell for an impersonation of tough guys by Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney who
were so busy with their vanity were in a rack that they missed critical opportunities to
vanquish Al Qaeda and spent money on a foreign occupation that could have been used to secure
American ports and come up with plans before the Bezzlin tragedy to protect children from
terrorists.
But the White House has cleverly co-opted the imagery of Westerns leaving Mr. Kerry
to star in a far less successful movie genre, The Eastern.
In Westerns, the heroes are men of smoke-em-out, edicts in action, played out in gorgeous and
on their ranches.
In Easterns, the heroes have windy, nuanced dialogue delivered with a lock jaw and mansions
on Beacon Hill and on windsurfing expeditions off-man Tucket.
In Easterns, the feet heroes get upset when the wrong kind of people join their Boston
clubs and quibble in the style of late George's aptly about the rules when suit jackets
must be worn.
In Westerns, the hero's three women folk with gallantry but tell them to stay back in
Easterns to reseride shotgun and cause the opposition idiots.
There's a reason Easterns never cut on a Hollywood.
High T in a drawing room is just not as compelling as Hainoon in the town square.
Now is the turn, John.
We are Rogers, mornings in midday.
And sports around the clock for five sixty-three.
We are.
The newest outdoor show of the Creek with George W. Bush.
Howdy folks, I'm George W. Bush.
And today I'm gonna see if I can't land me a big old large mouth.
And I ain't talking about Michael Moore.
Nope.
I say large mouth.
I'm talking about fishes.
Or as I call them, weapons of fast destruction.
Get it?
Fast destruction.
Oh, hey, hang on a gun.
Yep.
Remember, fishes is like Osama bin Laden.
Yeah, you got a real man nice and slow.
Hey, look.
Here it is.
What the?
Oh man, this is nothing but an old boot.
You know something, folks.
We really ought to do something about cleaning up our lakes and rivers.
Naaaah!
When we come back, George treats it as real for a rifle.
Yep.
Me and my bird dog, party are gonna go hunting for spotted owls.
Oh, I'm sorry, boy.
I don't worry about it.
You got three more lakes.
That's next on Up the Creek with George W. Bush.
Okay, it's 12.33 now.
I got to think back here briefly.
But now it looks like it's having all kinds of problems.
Yeah, Eric says we're getting attacked by somebody here in South Florida, a VL South customer, no less.
Really?
Yeah, they're launching what's called a DOS attack, which I just found out about, but I had a nice chat during the break about Eric.
I mean, with Eric about what it is.
Denial of service attack, which means that he's flooding our website with a whole bunch of requests on purpose to try to bind it up and cause it to slow down or and or crash.
He did.
Yeah.
He came back for like a fraction of a second there.
What is that?
What is?
Yeah.
Well, how come my name?
I don't know.
Maybe you need to do new medications.
Okay, one second.
Back up yet.
I'm gonna like restart.
So in other words, some jackass down there, you're telling me that anybody can do this kind of crap?
I don't know about anybody.
Obviously, anybody that knows how to do it can do it.
I'm gonna start with a bloody pulp.
I'm telling you, aluminum.
Never hear aluminum bounce off of somebody's head.
Yes, I broadcast you in baseball for a hundred years.
I'm gonna have a little bit of a back there.
There for a whimps, man.
Oh, no.
No, you're wrong.
Good hard, Louisville slugger.
All right.
And anyway, it's a 26 till one.
We got the Marlons speaking of that.
What a great segue.
Marlons, I'm decked one, 30 both today and tomorrow from Chicago from US Senator Field.
The game has moved over there.
And of course, isn't it ashamed?
Now, why let me ask you this?
Of course, if they would have done that, then they would have been night games.
It was a really good idea for them to stay there in Chicago.
They're not gonna change that one tomorrow.
Are they gonna come back?
No, that would be bad because you never know if that hurricane made a uterine, right?
That's right.
It's still out there.
And I just think that you turn an S-turn and come right back.
It's out Florida.
I'm sure the weather theory is trying to sell pedal ad crap.
Eric says yes.
Anyone can do it.
Well, isn't it to any website?
I guess.
Yeah.
Well, that's just a beautiful thing.
It goes to show you, like I said, so little time and so many idiots.
Is yours operating now?
Yes.
Good.
And what do you do to stop it?
I guess that's Eric's shot.
Well, Josh ought to be able to tell us.
He's the computer, Maven.
I don't know.
Excellent answer.
Honest.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 for the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Lines.
Wow.
I'm just when that thing is finished rebooting and re-hooting, we'll see what's going on with mine.
Okay.
WQA, I'm hello.
All right.
That was it.
That was our one call.
They expired.
That was the middle of our call.
Boy, there's something really.
Yeah, I can smell them all the way up here.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm just wondering, as you familiar with the program, I think it's Showtime or one of the Showtime's
Men and Teller, Boltz bit.
No, for about it, never seen it.
It's pretty interesting.
They pick a topic and basically rake it over the calls.
Not unlike something you might do, but they got some good stuff to say.
Last night they had 12 step programs for one segment.
And body sculpting, basically religious fanatics and spandex now.
They're starting.
Okay, well, I'll troll for it.
Thanks a lot, pal.
You have a great day.
What do you say?
400 votes on the pool.
I got it back.
Well, Eric is going to have to do a little more explaining to what's the man over there.
He will report them and all that and see what happens.
Well, what do you mean we can point them out?
How do we know who it is?
He's got the IP address.
He will report them to Bell South and hope they cancel the guys account.
Oh, really?
We know where it's coming from.
He does.
Yeah, he has that ability.
Excellent.
Good.
Well, like I said, on Friday, what we're going to do right there on the corner by Chuck Subcenter on the corner of IvesDurion441.
We're going to get the guy.
We're going to tie him to a pole to the light pole there on the corner of IvesDurie.
And we're going to have everybody come by and take turns.
Your choice of aluminum bat or a Louisville slugger wooden bat, whichever you prefer, whichever you would feel.
I mean, the problem with the wooden bat is it might break and you probably get a worse sting from it in your hands whereas the aluminum bat.
Even if it's still a good for a few more wax.
Which people ethnic religious, etc. treat women the worst?
Muslims 278, blacks 29, white trash, trailer park trash 24, Orthodox Jews 17, his Spanix 14, 14 treat women like crap.
Can't believe it.
Catholic Church 13, they all deserve it.
10, they all deserve it. 10, see? Japanese 9 and Italians only six.
Mama me only six.
It should be hard.
Yeah.
Titan, the women belong in the kitchen pregnant.
There put the whole deal at real old fashioned crap like like Mama Colione.
What was her name again?
I was trying to think about of that yesterday.
Morgan, thank you.
She's dead.
By the way, very sad.
She's dead.
Love Morgana Kings you.
Mama, mama, cellar, luna, that, that, that, that, that was, that was so good.
In fact, I think tomorrow we put a ballgame for our short show.
I'll just play that whole, another wedding scene from the Godfather.
We'll just play that music.
And then every now and then just to remind people of that other story I had.
You cannot do it, man.
You cannot do it.
Yeah, we can play some.
Mama, mama me.
Some droppings from the odd father.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound fides.
And by the way, one o'clock, your feet feel free to go to launch or do something because we have nothing but spots.
For a half hour, basically, before the ballgame pregame show comes on, one thing we don't be s-y-a-man.
Well, we're like, when we got nothing to offer you, I'll tell you.
But be sure to listen to the spots in the victimize our fine sponsors.
One of them might be funny.
Yeah.
One of them might actually have something good to sell.
Come in to QA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Good.
How about the puppy?
Don't they choose their woman like trash?
Who?
The puppy.
You know, like the pet boy.
The pivolus one.
Oh, wait a minute.
How about Jocks?
Okay.
Ten category.
Okay, thanks.
I think I cut them off-guard there.
No, Jocks.
Right?
Right.
Jocks and X-Jocks would just put Jocks.
So we know.
What's a Jock?
Oh, is it Jocks?
How about fraternity, guys?
That's what he was talking about.
Yeah, he was talking about that.
Yeah, that's what he had in mind.
fraternity, guys.
You know, the ones that like to...
Yeah, Frat Boys.
That's good Frat Boys.
And Jocks.
Jocks.
You know, the guys like to run naked together with each other on the beach.
wh.
Ok,rat.
You know?
Here's your chance, Salon from one of the etiquette trendsetters of our day.
If someone even takes you, take a deep breath, smile at them.
And then rip the hot-How.
The Teresa Heinz Harry Book of Edict gives you hints on how to handle awkward social situations.
Oh, just...
Shabbat!
The Teresa Heinz Harry Book of Edict.
I don't have Heinz for all this.
Let me finish.
I eat shab-
Shut up!
Hello!
I am Teresa Heinz-Cali.
I know five languages.
That makes me smarter than you.
I am a billionaire.
That makes me richer than you.
I have been married to two politicians.
That makes me a whole lot unhappier than you.
So just find my grandpa.
Sit down and shut up.
And if you don't like what I am saying...
SHOP IT!
The Teresa Heinz Harry Book of Edict is available wherever find me.
Shut up!
Hey, man.
And get that hair down.
We did plays, bitch.
12.45 at 5.
So kind of tough on the first lady, a future first lady.
Remember that a- that guy called...
Uh, a sound in a ripping-
Oh, we're pushing as well, deserve.
That syrupy, uh, ditto head.
That's all she is just another ditto head.
Especially that thing about stem cell research.
What a lame ass bitch.
Our fur and the guy calls pretty tough on the first lady, honey.
Oh, get lost.
Okay.
Gluten squeeze your peace, you idiot.
Somebody passes in and says to Mormons.
Now you said before the show today to Mormons.
And I immediately thought of Maria Osman.
And she's had a lot of problems.
This is true.
I hadn't thought of that.
Yeah.
So figure that out.
I didn't know the Mormons were bad to their women.
Well, the whole polygamy thing, remember?
Which they pretend is not a part of Mormonism anymore.
Right.
But what's bad about that if the women get to share?
Think about it.
I thought George is running out to join the Mormon Church.
No, no, no.
Right down by my house is a matter of fact.
Right down the block.
One is more than enough.
In your case, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Let's get a few really great calls on here this, uh, next 15 minutes.
Because after one o'clock, I would say, well,
I mean, you never want to, you know, make any preliminary judgments, but.
But got about it.
I think we just what we ought to do in a one o'clock hour till one thirty is just one
our regularly scheduled, uh, what do we got the 12 spots in here?
And then whatever ones we still didn't get from the Howard Stern show this morning
that they wanted to stick in our show.
And we said, no way.
And then just leave well, and then just leave.
I mean, you talk about an abortion, man.
They ought to be getting picketed by the right to life groups out there.
Eric says, yes, that he called Bell South.
Got a very nice person on the phone emailed all of the pertinent information to him.
And the guy said that he'd get right on it.
Excellent. Right.
So you lose your route there.
You schmuck.
We hope you're having a wonderful time.
But we're going to neared your ass right to that lamppost.
And everybody come and give you a little spanking, okay?
Correct.
Yeah, you'll be crying your eyes out.
In fact, we might even turn muff loose on you.
How do you like that?
Why do your strips start niggling to that lamppost?
Swords.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Does it feel sounds like me?
I know.
No.
Yeah.
Can I ask you a question?
What do you think about your QAM?
How many QAM?
Yeah, I have an important question.
If the myones get well hit today, do you still get donuts?
That's a good question.
Well, I don't get it.
But you don't get it because you don't follow the Marlins, man.
No, I don't understand.
Explain it to me.
Probably a player.
Maybe Josh can explain it to you.
Well, at the home games, if they get 12 hits,
you get 12 free donuts from Krispy Kreme.
And they're technically the home team.
Right.
So good question.
That's an excellent question.
In fact, that may be the most important call we've taken this year.
Because you know what they say, Krispy Kreme, you can't eat only six.
Wow.
Well, we'll find out.
I guess maybe the best way to do is go over to Krispy Kreme and find out.
Because certainly the marlins are going to be more in 12 hits against the expose.
Especially, US Senate Refield in Chicago.
Well, yeah, you need a ticket to get those donuts.
So if you come back from Chicago with a ticket, why not?
Yeah.
Well, what about if they didn't go to Chicago, but they got a ticket?
How about people that have seasoned tickets?
Huh?
They've already got their tickets.
Regardless of where the game is played, if they're the home team.
You just got through saying that.
We know that.
It's a home game that's being played in Chicago.
Right?
Right.
Well, I demand my damn donuts, and I want them right now, Mr. WQA.
Hello.
I can speak to you.
No chance.
No, no, listen, and how come you're not at that game?
Because you're supposed to be at all the home games holding Dave
Ann Boreing's hands trying to juice them up a little bit.
It's a home game.
That's right.
But this company is too much of a cheap pass-off
with the send you up to Chicago.
George can relate to that, he'll tell you.
Yeah, I know about it.
WQA, and hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Did you see yesterday morning on Meet the Press in this week,
they had Madeline Albright, Colin Powell, in the interview?
Did she get different in the way that Madeline Albright?
She speaks and she has a authority and she makes you feel like, you know,
yeah, she's pretty butch man.
She could squand people their toenail.
That's right.
She's step on you, nobody ever see you again, like a cockroach.
And his squar, and his squarms, they better be,
better open, yeah, I was not too happy with that information.
He's just a shield.
He ought to be ashamed of himself.
No, he's a Jamaican houseboy like, how do you hear it, Bob?
If he said.
Yeah.
But uh, and I don't know what to do.
Listen, say hi to Condoleezza.
5-6-7, he doesn't just try to stir crap.
You're not fooling anybody, pal.
You're just trying to stir up a bunch of crap.
I can smell it.
5-6-7, and that's Dr. Rice to you, okay, pal?
That's right.
Dr. Rice, not Condoleezza.
I don't think you know where that will yet to be called,
or by your first name, or Condoleezza.
Be quiet.
Oh, come on up here.
Oh, I do like this one.
Don't you feel the pressure up?
Come on, we're getting stronger.
Don't you fight, Tessa, fight Condoleezza right?
That's Dr. Rice to you, man.
Look at her and I know I saw him in two women with crap.
Now let me ask you something.
Does she have a husband?
Dr. Rice?
I don't know.
I don't believe so.
I don't think so.
No.
Maybe she's married to her work.
Maybe.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, Billy.
I want to know what the stink is with the Howard Stern Show.
What are the guys bitching about?
And then I've been very specific and I'm listening to a hot thought.
I don't understand what they're crying about with Howard Stern Show.
What are you talking about?
He looks for the husband on the air.
This Yorker doesn't know he's on the air.
What are you talking about, Yorker?
Well, I want to see you guys wear a body.
You're kind of about the Stern Show spot and this side of the other thing.
I want to see what the big stink is, what the big to do with.
And we'll open up.
Yeah, blow your nose and take a good whiff.
OK, we'll give you a big stink.
Schmuck, is there a big stink going on?
All I said is that we're not going to run the spots in our show.
We're not going to allow the station to hoard this show
to run spots that don't run during their Stern Show when he doesn't feel like
taking a commercial break.
That's their problem.
OK, that's part of his show.
He don't want to take any commercial breaks while they're at so well, I guess.
OK.
Schmuck and by the way, go back to New York.
Oh, they won't take them in.
A lot of those New Yorkers, man.
They're not allowed back in.
I don't want to mention no name.
Absolutely.
W-A-M, hello.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
And Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, I just wanted to, first of all, I'm telling a Greek boat.
Go back to New York, please.
OK, secondly, I want to come back and you're going to question.
Yes.
One to ask you a question.
We're in the Florida driver's manual.
Does it paint in what is raining really hard like a torrential down point?
Have you got to have your flasher's on?
What's that all about?
Let me say this to you.
Having your flasher's on while you're driving is illegal.
It is absolutely having your hazard light sign.
It's illegal.
And only a moron would do that.
And there are a lot of them there, as you know.
In Miami, thank County.
Amen.
Edbroward and wherever.
And Pond Beach and all over that stupid ass state.
OK, that festering swamp.
That's a good point, man.
That really frost my ass.
But you know what that means?
That means I'm scared.
That means I'm a moron.
No.
And in more or a while, I go without saying I'm a scared.
Well, if you're scared, get off the road.
That's one of the biggest problems with Florida driving,
which we've been talking about this eight million time.
Not third man.
Day for the last eight million years.
But I think going to get any better, believe me.
But the bottom line is if you're scared,
get off the road, including if you're over the age of 100
and you're sitting on 14 telephone books
and you're trying to peer over the top of the steering wheel
and you're going like about 25 miles an hour in the left hand lane
where the speed limit is like 45.
And you're causing other people to damn you wreck each other
because they're just desperately trying to get around you
because they'd like to get home before midnight sometime.
And it's like about 7.30 in the morning.
You idiots.
Having your flashers on as this man says,
while you're driving, whether it's raining, clear pavement,
whatever to say, I mean, if you have like a flat tire,
something like that and you pull them off the road,
you could put them on for a second or two.
Yeah.
To alert other people that you've got some kind of
una problema grande.
It means you're stopped.
And it has.
But it basically means that you're stopped and you've got a problem
and you're off on the shoulder of the road
or off to the right of the road somewhere.
And that's what hazard lights are for.
Not for flashing them while you're driving.
You don't have to turn on your hazard lights to let us know
that it's raining a torrential downpour
and then nobody can see where the hell are going.
We already know that, okay?
Oh, even if it's not a torrential downpour,
if it's drizzling, they turn the things on.
Idiots.
Morons.
Do it.
Do it.
Come in here QA-M.
Hello.
QA-M.
Hello.
Q-M.
What is it?
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
You have the people with the hazard lights on
and then you have the people with the headlights off.
We need the light police.
That's what I say.
The light police.
Okay, I think we've got a few of those.
BABY ME!
The light and the loaf are police.
Yeah.
That's what we need.
The light police, man.
I'm going to come nail in your ass, put your right up, slam your right up against the
damn rear ass of your car, handcuff you, take you off, give you like 10 to 20, right?
Right.
Take that broomstick and give you an abdino louima that you'll never forget.
How about you give it a broomstick to scram?
Well, I don't want to go into it.
Back in the day, I might discuss the possibilities.
You might just ask it.
Where she would put it.
Back them.
And anyway.
Well, most witches have a broom closet.
They got a big supply.
Which people treat?
And you notice we haven't had one woman call on this book.
How many months ago is it since we had a woman call around the show?
About 30, man.
Right.
In addition to which for that guido from New York, we'll talk about whatever now we want
on this show.
We don't need any instructions about what I say about the Stern show, about Rob and about
physics.
We'll say whatever we say, okay?
Yeah.
Blow it out to your New York ass.
Anyway, which group of people treat women the worst?
488 votes.
Muslims, 335.
There's Ivan.
As this deadly hurricane.
Oh, I apologize.
I had Wolf Listreeze voice on there.
I thought it was somebody wanted to hear.
Who knew something?
He said just another fascist.
Muslims, 335.
Blacks 31.
White trash.
Yahoo.
28.
They all deserve it.
23.
See how fast that's moving up there?
Yeah.
Probably Tom Likus is sick to us.
Orthodox Jews 20.
Yeah.
Catholic church 16.
Yeah, that woman had a massage piece of crap.
Tom, the reason he hates women.
Yeah, I know.
I don't know what it is.
I'm aiming.
Orthodox Jews 20.
Catholic church 16.
Hispanic 14.
Japanese 10.
Italian 7.
Fred Boyz II.
Jocks 2 in moments 1.
I will say this.
Us Fag Street women great.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because we don't want to screw them.
Listen to Neil Rogers exclusively.
Why do you want to be a gay?
Why?
To do our...
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
That bitch Ross.
Who was okei?
And hat.
Who fell asleep.
It fell asleep.
And here we go.
Here, buy you a steak.
ominous mim cev Empanel on the desk for some weed.
What?
A guy who gets quiet.
You see him standing there wondering what happened to all his well.
He brought me some food.
At least he still has his hell.
He'll have to fire himself.
His bad news for Trump.
It feels like a Trump.
He might even jump.
Jump.
From a tower called Trump.
He's bad news for Trump.
He's thinking about this.
I'm gonna take it right now boys and girls.
There are people with great talent and then there are people with great luck.
I would prefer the great luck myself.
Yeah.
Let's work.
I would necessarily think about him but you know what I was thinking about him and many
others.
Lotta luck.
Lotta muzzle is the Chinese say.
Speak out of the Chinese.
I don't see the Chinese on there.
Don't they treat their women with great respect?
I don't know.
No.
Can't say a no.
Anyway, I do know about those Chinese kitchen some of them.
Which people ethnic, religious, etc. treat their women the worst.
We get a pretty good 522 and one woman called it on this which is a mazer.
Muslim's 354.
White trash 31.
Black 31.
They all deserve it.
25.
It's climbing up fast orthodox Jews 23.
Catholic Church 16.
His spaniac 15.
Thank you.
But Japanese 10.
It's hiding in 7.
French boys.
Five.
Jocks three.
Mormons to that.
Joc think that's going to move up.
That's better.
WQM.
Yes, sir.
I just came back from you know.
What's the deal with how it's turned being on your station taking away your time?
That's a Greg Read for you ask him.
Greg Read.
Yeah.
I tell you, Neil, I've been a long time listening to you guys.
I love listening to you show.
But let me tell you something.
Having started cutting to your time is very wrong.
I am going to call you station.
Who said I have?
Go call Greg Read and vet you mob, baby.
Greg Read.
You got it, Neil.
Okay.
Thanks.
He won't return your call.
Of course, he didn't return anybody's call.
He's always in hiding.
That's what Greg does best.
Not managing.
Not decision making.
Going into hiding.
Evading, avoiding and lying.
But other than that, he's a hell of a guy.
Line 9, WQAM, hello.
Yes.
A lady.
Yes, a lady.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Okay.
I'll give you my opinion on the survey.
I'll give you my say, Muglim.
Okay.
That sounds like a safe there.
I am trying to find out.
I'm trying to find online the sound drops for that little bit you do that's about 30 men.
I can't find it.
Is there another name for that?
No.
No, it's from a bit which I guess I'll play it's the puff puff daddy on a Regis Philb and
Minioner Show.
Can you try and get it on the on the web so that maybe we can hear it?
No.
Take it on the.
Now I'm not the one that's playing.
No, why are you playing?
No, why can't we do that?
We can do that.
Well, we don't have to put the we want to put the little bit or just the drop it.
Is that what you want?
We can do that.
I love that because I keep telling it to everybody and they don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
Delights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column toll free at 1-877-LowCarb-LOW-C-AR-V-R-On-Webeth-LowCarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one Delights a West Boken.
It's your official Atkins Retail Center.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
It's waitio.
You are the truth.
Absolutely.
How?
Bye-bye, Delvie.
Tell me about it.
Bye-bye, Delvie.
Bye-bye, Delvie.
I'll make about it.
Stop third, man!
Now you're the boys out of steak and pendants.
As the world is born, as the fairs can stand just to reach
To the future I don't think it will fall
The one around here is for the misuse
Right at a market little do-do
Out of high health issues for total freedom
Right by melting, melting by the light
Right by melting, melting by the light
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Well, I'm going to have to one at 5'60, WDQYM
I'll just slip in like one or two real quick things here
But I did find time to end that break to send Eric the Bout 30 drop
So it'll be on there in about 30 minutes or so
Thank you so much
There you go, man, you ask and you get it
See how wonderful we are here on the New York Riders show
A little we have left of it, but that's okay
Just don't try to just don't put you up the little bit of the show we got left
Okay, Greg, okay, screw in, you grave robbing bastards you
The Bush administration's three-year war on terrorism has mounted away
Major failure of leadership and makes Americans more vulnerable
Rather than more secure according to a new report by foreign policy and focus FPIF
A network of mainly progressive policy and security analysts
The report, a secure American and secure world, concludes that Washington's invasion of Iraq in 2003
Has proven counterproductive to U.S. anti-terrorism efforts
And that the administration has failed to protect likely future terrorist targets at home
Such as seaports and chemical plants like Senator Bobby Graham Keith screaming at you all but nobody's listening to him
Not only is Bush failed to support effective reconstruction in Afghanistan
But his war and occupation in Iraq have made the U.S. more vulnerable
And it opened a new front and recruiting tool for terrorists
While diverting resources from essential homeland security efforts according to the 50-page report
Not to mention all resources from Afghanistan where the warlords are back in charge and its eye poppy all over the place
Moreover, the administration has undermined the very values that claims to be defending by among other steps
Wickening the rule of both international and domestic law, restricting civil liberties at home and supporting dictatorial allies abroad according to the report
Which was issued on the eve of the Third Anniversary of al-Qaeda's terrorist attacks on New York and Pentagon on Saturday
In other words on Friday this becoming out
I like that, we don't
Now how come John Kerry isn't screaming in the early news these things
He started to make like a little, you know, like Rip-and-Winkle after those 20 years were up when he started like stirring a little bit like
It was in a deep coma for 20 years and the same with Fred Gwyn, aka John Kerry, same thing
113 at 560 WQA and you know, dry concepts for a long time over 25 years they've been helping keep your car parts in mind clean and healthy
And now the folks at dry concepts stand ready to help you return your house to normal if you had water damage from Hurricane Francis
Dry concepts has made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services
Help came in from all kinds of northern states with an abundance of equipment to help with the restoration process
So if you need help, here are these phone numbers you ought to be calling
The main number we dry concepts is toll free 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
If you can't get through on that number we've got a couple of more for you, three as a matter of fact
9-54-214-6924 or 9-54-44-9276 or 9-54-214-6923
Again, if you had water damage from Hurricane Francis, dry concepts is on call to help you restore your home back to its normal state and look and branch back into again
Call that main number toll free 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
You are listening to me, you go to me, you Roger's exclusively on 560-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
All right, Hickory, Dickory, Blank. Is it A-Doc, B-Pear, C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man! Is this a hundred dollar question right here? You're kidding me, right?
This is a hundred dollars! For a hundred dollars! This ain't a million dollar question!
Well, this is the first one! Man! It's only for a hundred dollars!
Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a light-line?
Yeah, all right, what do I got? What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience, the 50-50, and the phone a friend.
Ask the audience. Now, how many white people in here?
50-50, I'm gonna help me. Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend!
Gonna phone a friend on the hundred dollar question, finishing the nursery, Rod.
Yeah! All right, who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy! Old dirty bastard! Old dirty bastard!
Yeah, dirty, we're calm!
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you.
Yo!
Old dirty! Yeah, man!
Registra Filman from Who Wants To Be A Millionaire! How are ya?
Hey!
Got your friend here, puff daddy.
Yo, dirty, what's up? What's up?
What's up? What's up?
All right, all right. Old dirty?
Uh, puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the hundred dollar question.
Hey, the first time, man!
First question, and uh, the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices. Are you set?
Hey, man!
Next voice you hear will be his, and 30 seconds begins now.
What's up?
Yo, dirty, finish this off for me, all right?
Hey, man!
Hickory, dickory, blank!
Is it A-Doc?
B-P-A-C-Murino?
Oh, or D-Illit?
Oh, come on, man! I don't got much time.
Man, I know this, man! I know it! I see his Pia.
Pia, you sure?
About, about 30, man.
There's a lot of money, man!
About 30.
All right, man. Thank you very much.
Hey, man!
Well, I'm off, uh, old dirty, said Pia.
You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna poll the audience?
No, I'd like to add a lifeline.
I'll actually know there's only three lifelines of used one you have two left.
No, no, no. I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host!
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc, it's A.
It's Doc!
My final answer is Doc!
It's Doc!
And it's a good one. You got an $1 million!
Run, you run!
Run!
Get up!
Turn, man!
121 is 560 W.M. Boyer, are we sure it on time or what?
Yeah.
Better talk to him.
Exposing the Marlins at U.S. Senator Field and Chicago.
Exposing the Marlins?
What?
What I say?
Exposing the Marlins.
Exposing the Marlins and exposing Paul Crotch.
Paul's Crotch.
Which people, which group?
Which group group is worse to women?
Treats them like crap.
581 votes.
Muslims, 390, man, they got a lift.
67% more than 2 thirds.
Blacks 35.
They all deserve it 32.
That's climbing up the list.
White Trash 31.
Orthodox Jews 28.
Hispanic 16.
The Catholic Church 16.
Japanese 12.
Frank Boy 7.
Italian 7.
Jocks 5.
Only 5 say Jocks.
Give me a freaking break.
Well, this is your Jocks niffing station.
Oh, I forgot about that.
We can't knock the Jock.
And Mormons, of course, too.
And we certainly don't want to knock Jay Fieler.
Oh, he had no business getting based in that game.
What do you think?
Josh.
No, I'm just saying it.
I'm just talking out loud just Josh.
Because it's always the same old neurotic crap over and over and over again.
You know, South Florida.
Oh, what are we going to do as opposed to that guy who had the, you know,
had a stomach right and aren't we blessed here in South Florida, Jim?
Remember that?
How could you forget?
Oh, never.
I'll never.
Till they stick my fat old tummy ass, my pimply old ass into a box.
I could never forget that brilliant call in the mad dog show.
Oh, we blessed down here, Jim.
You are listening to Neil Roger.
Exclusively.
On five to be.
To all by.
That's what I wanted.
Oh, give me another beer.
Hi, this is O.J.
Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches.
So I recommend to you new O.J. Simpson bitch jack for women.
Believe me, brothers, you won't get jack with bitch jack.
Just attach the small homie device to your bitch's leg and you can track her all around town.
And just in case she's cheating, she'll get a beaten.
You see, when your woman be messing around, new bitch jack for women
lets out an inaudible beeping sound that only you can hear.
And once they catch it, she's all yours.
Excuse me, Mr. Simpson, we tracked down your old lady with a white man.
What shall we do with her?
Well, thank you, officer.
I'll handle this.
You bitch.
Don't you know I'm tracking you with bitch jack.
I'ma cut your throat, you bitch.
I'ma keep it.
So remember, your hold won't get very far
when O.J. Simpson's new bitch jack for women.
Hey, just because O.J. is free, don't mean your bitches got to be free too.
Finish her.
Here's the real name of that city, the White Star's play in Chicago.
You know what it is?
It's a coupart.
Isn't that what they play?
Marlins and the expose that the US set you to feel in Chicago is coming up next.
We got Mohawar Davin in the tomorrow.
We'll be back tomorrow sometime between Finn and whatever, sometimes.
I have no right.
