You'll be real sorry if he quotes very stupidly, pack it up, baby.
Pack up that riff.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Strategy
profile story.
He was one half of a hugely successful 80-sing-ing duo and even though both of them are out
Now, it just seemed like more fun to pick on...
John Oats.
I've been a lot of you.
Nobody remembers me because I wasn't the pretty one like Darryl Hall.
Let's face it, I look like a cross between Freddie Mercury and Billy Bob Thornton.
John Oats, unwelenting bitterness and tragic loser status,
provide exactly the kind of demeaning,
sminked or tightening awkwardness we love here inside of I.
Well, I'm here to tell the world that I'm back
with an all new show I simply call in Oats.
I'm sorry?
In Oats, featuring all the parts of the Holland Oats song that I made famous.
Parts you made famous?
I'm not sure I understand.
Like kiss on my list.
Because you're kiss?
Because you're kiss?
I get it. I see it.
Because you're kiss?
Or man-eater?
Whoa, here she comes.
Right, guy.
Whoa, here she comes.
Whoa, here she comes.
Rich girl.
Rich girl.
Rich girl.
Rich girl.
I said shut up, you're free.
I'm gonna shut up.
You're gonna be crazy.
Rich girl.
Rich girl.
Rich girl.
Oh, Mr. Oats.
Oh, Mr. Oats.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is he singing just the backup again?
Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing.
But that's what you guys like, right?
John Oats.
If they gave an award for a second banana.
Hey, FCC.
I said banana.
Go ahead.
Find me.
It's a big juicy shopping wit.
Look at this.
Tonight.
Uninside the behind.
Oh, man.
It is the best.
You know, you got to laugh.
Because otherwise you could cry, right?
He said banana.
What do you say?
Has that by joy over there in Naples?
I said she's here, ain't putting no joy in anybody's life at QIM.
Are we allowed to laugh?
No, you're not allowed to laugh anymore.
And you certainly can't say joy.
In fact, I'm not so sure you can wash your dishes with joy no more.
Although you may be soaking in it.
Well, that's palm olive.
And she's still dead.
By the way, poor match.
She's dead.
Well, we got a lot of stuff today.
We have, I want to apologize if anybody actually saw the Sharon Osborne picture behind
a beaded curtain.
If you're over the age of 60, we just checked with John Ascroft.
He said, you have to be at least 60 and have four forms of ID.
You can go behind the beaded curtain on your Rogers.com.
We had Sharon Osborne on there.
When I saw that, I thought to myself, Eric must be, he must be having the Eaton-Sobad
Grits or something, you know?
Got in a bad bowl with Grits.
What is that?
I'm sure a lot of people would like to see Sharon's nipple.
No, Sharon's what?
Oh, I'm sorry.
What did he just say?
I forgot.
I didn't hear it.
Me either.
I don't think anybody could understand it because I luckily freeway talked over.
Did you dump that?
Dump what?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, you don't get it, do you?
You don't get it.
Not anymore.
You can't say, and you can't say, nothing, nothing, nothing.
Every time we asked, we had these conversations and we said, well, what about this?
No, she said no.
Who's she?
Oh, well, some broad, we picked up on a speed corner in Naples who claims to be an attorney.
The mystery mom.
Right.
She got it from the FCC lawyers though, but they are right.
Do we believe that?
No.
No.
She wouldn't know already if you stuck one, if you glued it under her armpit.
Oh, what?
If you glued it under her armpit.
All right.
Leave me.
I've already rehearsed the show, so you have to worry about it.
I know what you usually say.
I took all of these f***ing words out because I don't want Muff to go over in the hall crying again like yesterday.
Oh, you hear what he said.
He's, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
This is good though because it certainly gives her something really to occupy some time.
Anyway, what American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time we asked yesterday?
We had a pretty good response.
I thought this was kind of a fun pull.
Even though we had some embarrassing misspellings in there.
I got a real scratchy throat, by the way.
So, by the end of the show, I lose my voice.
I'll just play some music.
Or, in fact, remember those golden days when we used to do the Wednesday one to two comedy bits hour?
Sure.
Ooh, what day is it today?
Could do the Wednesday 10 to two comedy bits.
Yeah.
Four hours.
The only problem is we don't have enough comedy bits we can still play.
It'll, maybe, a whole hour.
Maybe, like, five.
The Wednesday comedy bits, five minutes.
In fact, here's a good one you'll enjoy.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood's.
Oh, I just like the ending so much.
In fact, you know what I'm gonna do?
We're gonna play that last part again.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is he singing just the backup again?
Oh, he's so tragic and embarrassing.
But that's what you guys like, right?
Jo and Oats.
If they gave an award for a second banana.
Hey, FCC, I said banana.
Go ahead.
Find me.
It's a big juicy shopping with look at your business tonight.
On inside the behind.
They got it.
They're on to it.
Okay, thank goodness for them.
Anyway, before we do the pull result from this,
we got many of fish to fry here.
Okay, fried fishes are gonna kill you.
Diane Parkinson, I interrupted myself as usual.
We had Sharon Osborne on their momentarily and I saw,
I took one puke at that.
And I said, tell Eric to get that thing off of there.
And I do mean thing.
Say goodbye to that thing.
And so, he put on a picture of Diane Parkinson,
which is a few years old.
But, third man.
Thank goodness for that.
Why?
They might be the same.
Diane might be older.
You know something?
It's not a question of how old either one of them is.
It's a question of what the picture looks like that he put on the behind-to-beeted curtain.
If you're over 75 and you have 23 forms of ID.
And you have no intention of getting all excited about looking at it,
then John Astroth will allow you to see it.
And keep in mind, his eyes are moving and watching your hands while you're watching at the picture.
Anyway, Diane Parkinson was born November 30th, 1944.
What a...
Which means this November, she'll be 60.
Wow.
She was a member of Bob Hope's US...
Oh!
...Turvy at NAMM.
Of course, she was on a Price's Rife for 100 years until Bob's Barker had that little incident.
Let's see.
She was on Vegas, 1978.
She played Charlene, aka High Roller.
Whatever, I don't know what that means.
Price is right, 75 to 93.
The new Price is right, 72.
And she actually was in some films.
Celebrities, 99.
aka Playboy Celebrities.
Sex symbol dynasty.
Playboy Celebrities, Cedarful, Diane Parkinson, 93 as herself.
Guest appearances on a bunch of other not-to-my-merry-tarlant-more-even.
I do like that.
So she was a model.
She was a Price's right.
What does he call them?
The Bob's Beauty or Cell?
The Bob's Beauty, some like that.
I am watching it.
Okay, Bob's Babes.
And then they had that little Allah suit and she claimed Bob did this.
She did that.
And they parted in different ways.
You keep forgetting that story.
What?
They did do it.
And they got it.
I know that.
And he said it was consensual.
She said not.
It's got a lot of Kobe Bryant all over again.
Have you ever seen Bob Barker and Kobe Bryant together?
Same person.
And I love it.
Hearings are going on.
Richard Clark will be testifying some of that in this.
Who's actually his push on the TV here?
I'm going to put some of that on.
Oh, I got a great column now.
It was.
It's on our website from yesterday.
And it is from yesterday.
From New York Times by Paul Kroban, who's so good.
He's so great.
Lifting the shroud, I'm going to read it.
Because now of course comes the attack mode.
And the Clark just wants to borrow a pedal of book and make some money.
And it's sour.
He was being demoted.
It was sour.
You know, all the attacks squad comes out now.
And Viacom owns Simon and Schuster.
He published the book.
And they also own CBS.
It was a conflict of interest.
You know, all the panic.
But in the meantime, the American public doesn't really care about those pieces of trivia.
All they care about is what the guy is saying.
Because he's a credible guy.
It's got 30 years.
He's a registered Republican number one.
30 years in government, including working under seven presidents, including Reagan and Bush one and Bush two and Clinton.
So I just mentioned those things in passing while the right wingers are desperately trying to discredit him like they do everybody else.
Joseph Wilson, remember him and his wife.
Well, we'll get into that in the Kroban pier.
Anyway, here they are.
So Diane Park and Citizen is on our B.I.B.D. curtain today.
So you always, uh, thanks for getting it.
Oh, Sharon Osborne thing off of there.
What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time we asked on our poll yesterday?
Three stooges, 259 because they like Larry Curly and-
Absolutely.
Oh, and Shem.
And Shem, but not Joe.
Mmm, Mark's brother is 291.
Sheens, Martin, Charlie, and Emilio Estevez, 160.
And then it's a long, steep drop after that.
The Douglass's Kirk and Michael, 79.
The Jackson, 78.
They got more votes except for two embarrassed.
Somebody might be monitoring and they probably are.
Wayne's brother is 56.
Barrow was 52.
Ethel, Lionel, John, Drew, etc.
The fond is 48.
Jane and Hank and Peter.
Oops.
How come- let me ask you this.
How come that's not on the list?
We didn't ask about it.
I see.
Well, let's not.
See, one thing we're discovering, folks, is every time we ask our middle-level management people,
and they go to joy, I mean, to our corporate attorneys who are in Naples,
uh, the answer is no.
Oh, you can't say that.
Ah, I can't say that.
You're crazy.
You can't say that on the radio.
Oh, okay.
So, like I said, Henry Jane and f*** or a fond.
The Sutherland's Dutton and Kiefer, 48.
The Brothers Give, 45.
Oh, you know what?
I haven't played in a long time.
Yeah, careful.
I know you're okay.
No, I think we can play it.
I don't think so.
Oh, it's got a noise in it.
It might be.
Does it have a sound?
Mobile dump it if it does.
Let me just try it for a second here.
I can bite you, please.
I was standing there one day.
And I was thinking I was done.
We just can't play with.
We're doing it.
Yeah, we can still say do do.
I can never keep things down on.
A big back on the track inside my bowels.
And I'm, ha ha ha ha ha.
How can you find from the fact that falls?
Do let these bunch of doctors in.
Anyway, I think we can play that.
So we'll get around very good.
I think.
Well, we'll find out.
In fact, I'm thinking of a great new format,
which will take us a couple of years.
Let's go through the whole DCS.
And just we'll, the audience will get a kick out of that.
We'll audition all of them together.
Now when we get to a point in one that we can't play anymore,
we'll just dump it and go on to the next one.
There you go.
The Arnezzus 36 Lucie and Desi, Jr. and Senior,
the Olsen twins 35, the Coppola's 31,
the Osborne's 27.
In fact, the Lord, we got Sharon's push off of there, man.
That was nasty.
The almond brothers 27.
Can I say push?
No boots?
It's a cat food, pushing boots.
The Baldwin's 24, the Van Halen's 22,
the smothers brothers 22, the bridges 22.
Lloyd, Jeff, and Mickey Bridges.
You know Mickey Bridges?
I know, Iron Bridges.
Good truck driver.
Goldie Haunted, Kate Hudson's 17, the Nelson's 15,
Ozzie, Harriet, David, and Ricky.
15, Rick's still dead, by the way.
The Heningway's 12.
Love that restaurant.
Carpenter's 11, and Nancy Wilson's 10,
the Quaid's 10, Brian, now how's that possible?
This is bad.
This is bad.
The other Wilson's Brian, Carl Dennis, and the Carney,
only nine?
Oh, fat.
Man, some of you people, your taste is in your,
well, something I can't say.
What, what is that?
Brian Wilson, and the Wilson family only had nine votes.
That's a bad thing.
That is, I don't accept that.
Wait, let's do this over again.
Osmond's nine, Caradine's eight, the Van Dykes eight.
Can we say Dykes?
No.
The Tyler's six, Stephen Liv, love, Liv.
Judd's, uh, Long Liv's Steve.
Judd's six, our ket's six, the Houston six, the Egliseus is the five.
The Kerry family, Chip and Skip and Flip and Harry five.
The Mandrel sisters four, the Coles four, the Fairbanks is two,
the Cameron's two, Delan Warren Cameron,
the Roberts Julian Eric one, and the Chinese.
Now you know what, the Chinese in have any?
They probably thought we were talking about Dick Cheney and Lynn and their
Dyke daughter.
Now the Chinese lawn and lawn Cheney Jr. were talking about.
Who are great horror movie characters?
Ever see Lon Cheney's senior? I bet you didn't.
All the time, what you're talking about.
He was an original hunchback of Notre Dame.
We got a DVD collection of Lon Cheney.
Touchdown Jesus, touchback of Notre Dame.
Got the original.
Do you really?
Yes I do.
Hmm.
On DVD.
Got bought a collection.
Torque Crozi Moto.
He even made the beast look pretty good.
She would be cool.
That's what Clarence said.
1013 at 560 W2QM, get ready Josh.
If you're hungry, you want to break from the kitchen,
Emerald Coast wants to take her all that cooking for you.
They'll cook up a storm, a feast, fit for a beast.
You can start out with any of six different soups or all of them if you like
if you're real pig, then sample dozens of delicious mouthwatering on trays like New
Earth's Stripmade Order and their sizzling Asian grill.
They've got brand new seafoods and Jacques for all you seafood lovers.
Enjoy oysters on a half-shore, a lask and stone crab,
middle-led clams and jumbo, sea, scampy every night.
If you still have room sample their hand card,
probably they're brand new Thai specialties too.
You'll never walk out of the Emerald Coast with a pounding headache
because that's an MSG headache, is what they call that.
They don't use any MSG, no cornstarch, no crampy,
cook only all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol-free oils too.
They're buffet features a full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh,
sea-on cocktail.
And if you have any room left at the end of all of this picking out,
they've got a fantastic dessert bar too featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes,
pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
even fresh fruit, even behalf of watermelon most of the time too,
what's not to like?
The Emerald Coast three great locations for you there in sunrise,
Pine Island of 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach
and you'll also find an Emerald Coast at the intersection of Fulmingo
and Pembroke Road and Pembroke Pines.
So take the entire family, the Gatsamish Baha,
or book your next business luncheon right now and let the folks at Emerald Coast
cook up a storm for you.
By the way, Richard over there at Emerald Coast in sunrise.
So sorry about that, Leafs, I missed the bus to the arena last night.
Take out at Lurys, always available too for a takeout called 954-572-3822.
954-572-3822, the unbeatable pick out at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Now for the stuff.
Now it's my baby Cadillac, star baby.
Over there, not a journey of beauty, star baby.
Chinese in, they'll live in a swimming pool.
Go!
Roll!
Are you?
I got a window down on a hot summer day because the hazy don't work no way.
The spreading pressure of all seeds starts to smell and gets the dusty look in the lift time.
Now, I'm acting to find the shiny ground as my lagline,
thanks my coffee, giant it too, because I've been washing it with all the road.
Now, baby, over there, not a journey of beauty,
beauty, star baby.
Michael Schopcich, we was going over to the folks in the pool.
Now, baby, Christmas Lauren, tearing up in basket to be beauty,
now, baby, beauty, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby,
I've never listened to that with so much joy and enthusiasm as I did that time.
Very carefully listening to every word.
I heard words I'd never even heard before, but they were all okay.
They were okay.
There you go. There's one.
That one impacted far, far, at least what we played through, we can play that.
I think that's a great idea, I had another brainstorm.
It's going through the entire DCS from 8 to Z.
85,509, pretty darn good there for the stop FCC dot com petitions.
85,509, next couple of days we'll have that thing pretty much finalized,
I believe, how we're going to raise the money so we can get that quarter-page ad in USA today.
So people all over the country can learn about stop FCC dot com,
and we can get that million signatures and stick it right there,
not just to the FCC, but to all the politicians too.
See, I don't think the FCC will be impressed by a little bit.
Maybe a teeny tiny bit, but not much.
Bit or what?
But the congressman, they're the people, all the people in the house are running for reelection
and a whole bunch of senators, and of course they'll president they, and that crowd.
So I think that's why there's a chance that just maybe we can emancipate ourselves
from this word lunacy, the word police, we can't even play that bit anymore
than one of the word police.
No.
What does he say in there?
Does he say GD?
Something.
Something.
I mean, if the audience, if you had any concept of the things that I'm being told now that you can't say,
and hey, like I said, just give me the check, but if you had any concept,
then you'd really understand the length, the showing effect that all of this has had,
not just broadcasting, but just free speech in general.
There is no such thing as free speech no more.
Doesn't exist.
Here's today's poll question.
Here's another one you got to add on there, Justin Williams.
Josh.
Justin Williams, how could I forget?
How about Jason?
Did I say Justin?
Justin Case.
I'm from the hockey player.
Well, see, that's that hockey.
Jason Williams, I should probably, if I was smart, forget about hockey, you know what?
After last night.
Hey, you already has to assist all of them.
His restaurant.
Oh, cut it out, Joe.
Jason Williams, did I really say Justin?
You did twice.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, well, those folks all spelled their names the same anyway.
Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail, we asked?
Now, these people keep in mind, I before the show, George says, oh, how about putting Bush on there?
Bush at the moment isn't being accused of any crimes, at least not legally.
There are some of us who would disagree with that.
But this is a list of people who are pending.
All right, have charges against them.
There you go.
Martha Stewart, who's already been convicted.
Robert Blake, Kobe Bryant, Michael Jackson, Todd Bertuzzi, which 99% even George knows who that is,
but most people don't.
Who?
You know who Todd Bertuzzi is.
I really don't.
You know what this is.
Yes, you do.
I do.
Kenneth Lay or Jason Williams.
Oh, okay.
Hockey player, hockey player.
Let's do a hockey show.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'll call Rimmer.
Oh, it's picking a hockey, by the way.
Panthers officially eliminated from the playoffs with their overtime lost in a jersey last night.
They could have kept a slim teeny tiny hope alive, but they gluedly they're late and lost in overtime.
While the Islanders are winning again.
So there are 12 points behind the Islanders with six games to go, and even if they won all six,
the Islanders still get it because they'd have two more wins than the Panthers even if the Islanders lost all of the games,
which need to one of those things is going to happen, but nevertheless.
So there's another season.
Thank you so much, Alan Cohn, and the Panther Organization.
I got a lot of good youngsters in the organization, but it's getting a little bit ponderous,
and I may account for a lot of those freebie tickets that are having to give away in a lot of those empty seats disguised as empty seats.
Because it's just getting really ponderous, you know what?
What Bill Torrey and the Murray brothers and this so, that's who he should have put on his, they did Murray brothers.
They're pretty entertaining.
What they did, the organization was criminal.
In fact, maybe they ought to be in jail.
Mr. Bo-Tai ought to be in there.
Keep him off the street.
So far, we got Kenny Lay is leading the pack.
Let's see his ass in jail.
40.
Michael Jackson, 15.
Robert Blake, 7.
George is unhappy with that.
I'm sure that he's getting any.
Kobe Bryant 6, Martha Stewart's got a pair.
Todd Bertuzzi and Jason Williams don't have any other, the first 70 votes.
They're just starting to trickle in right now while they're taking a peek at Diana Parkinson.
I wonder how many years ago that picture was really taken.
About 30, man.
I think?
No, that's from her playboy thing, which was like a...
Yeah, one was the lawsuit.
Because it was running right around the same time.
I would say 82, was it?
No, not that long ago.
There's a 92.
I don't know, I really trust that.
Anyway, I trust about 10 years or so, 10, 12 years old that picture.
Really?
She's still...
She'd been 48 years old?
Yeah, she was an old bag when those were taken.
Well, I'll tell you one thing, pretty well preserved for an old bag.
Show enough.
All that clean living.
Wait, take your this story.
Well, you already know it.
A five-year-old boy took a bag of marijuana to school with sprinkling it over a friend's lasagna
like a regular when a monitor intervened.
You're wasting it.
This and Miami, of course.
The lasagna was confiscated before the other boy had a chance to eat it Monday in the cafeteria
at Gratin' the Elementary School.
Damn, so close.
Police said it was unclear whether the kindergarten even knew what he was carrying,
although he tried to hide the bag when the monitor approached.
The boy may have said it was a regano said,
Michael Villafana spoke to the Dade County Public Schools.
Police and child welfare authorities were investigating the boy's family.
The focus is on the child's environment.
What issues could have led the child having a bag of marijuana in school in the first place?
Villafana said,
police also were looking to whether an older friend may have asked the boy to hold the bag.
Can you hold my bag?
Can we say that?
No.
I'll say it all the time.
What?
No, oh.
See, there he goes.
Did you hear that, Josh?
Mark it down, I say.
Mark it down and open up that cookie, German.
You better put about $50 in there for that.
You don't get it.
You just don't get it.
I want to go on record.
Mark the tape.
Mark the time to date.
I'm trying desperately to save your ass, but you just, you don't want me saved.
Listen to that.
You're like all those heathens out there that won't listen to us born again Christians.
You just don't want to be saved.
So we pent now before it'd be too late.
27 after 10 to 5, 60 WQM.
I've been telling you for years why you ought to do this marketing when you need a new mattress.
That is called Isle of Mattress toll free.
1-800 mattress.
They backup everything they say in the advertising 100%, but their competitors still lie like crazy.
When you see a mattress that makes outrageous claims, please do yourself a favor and read that fine print.
Lots of lies are out there, for example.
Big ads with big headlines half off.
But then you find out it only applies to limited selection of items that you never would buy in the first place.
Everything else still full price.
And they probably double the regular price first anyway.
And you'll probably never be able to make a fair change if you didn't like it.
But the good news is when you call dial amatress sitting right there on your fat ass,
their ads have no tiny print noticelaimers either.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll see their prices are so low that other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete.
Dial amatress has an overest 30 days.
3rd man.
Comfort exchange policy on all beds including yours.
And don't forget when you call dial amatress 1-800 mattress, you're getting a company that's ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction.
You can't beat them from candle to steward, palm beats to Ford Myers.
And dial amatress reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what you be waiting for, what's not to like?
Do what I've been doing for years and what the other smart folks are doing now.
And buy your mattress by making just one easy simple phone call.
They'll be knocking on your door no time at all.
Call 1-800-MATRUS-ALOGRAD-MATRUS.COM.
Dial amatress 1-800-MATRUS-ALOGRAD-MATRUS.COM.
Sorry, by the way, OJ don't qualify the price.
I don't care what they say cause OJ, but it's where we love.
That's a loopy.
It happened so soon on the 12th of June.
And OJ ran away from that bloody mess.
I don't care what they say cause OJ, but it's where we love.
I have waited quite a while, but I see you still on trial.
It goes on and never ends.
As it does, I know that OJ murdered them, knocking the plea.
And throw away the key you've turquoise again.
All the claims, all of his innocence.
I don't care what they say cause OJ, but it's where we love.
I don't care what they say cause OJ, but it's where we love.
You know who's the big kind of OJ by the way?
Roy!
1034, a gene that's in it for Lauderdale says what about OJ?
Sorry, a gene, but at the moment OJ ain't up on no charges.
And that's unfortunate.
Of course, we all would like to see him in jail.
Anybody with an IQ larger than their little pinky finger,
but nevertheless, is he eligible for the poll?
No.
Sorry, a gene.
In addition to which, if you put him on there, it'll be no contest anyway, right?
Right, he always wins.
He always wins cause everybody hates him like poison.
Except, of course, the OJ liquor is at QAM, like scruan.
And the water Nazi.
And maybe even the new legal word Nazi too, maybe joy likes OJ.
But I sure doubt it cause she don't seem to like anybody who has anything.
And I don't even know her yet.
But it was nice that she got one of her first trip into a radio station.
I hope he was excited.
Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail?
Let's our poll question.
They, while you're perusing a Diane Parkinson from a few years back,
148 votes already.
Kenny Lay, 7-8-3.
I think he's got it.
He's got a lock.
Michael Jackson, 38.
That was my vote.
Who did you vote for, Kenny Lay?
Kenny Lay.
I voted for Michael Jackson.
Boy, that would give me such a thrill to see him where he finally belongs.
How many hours do you think he'd last in a real life?
About third man.
Hours that is not days.
Not an hour.
How many seconds do you think he'd last?
About third man.
Jason Williams, 10.
Kobe Bryant, 10.
Ever see them together?
Same person.
Martha Stewart, oh wait a minute.
Just change again.
Sorry.
Kenny Lay, 81.
Michael Jackson, 40.
Kobe Bryant, 12.
Jason Williams, 11.
Martha Stewart, 10.
Robert Blake, none.
And Todd Bertuzzi doesn't have any.
Come on.
All you hockey fans out there.
I don't even know why I put him on there.
Just that there were some people who said there should have been criminal charges and there still might be.
I don't, I'm not paying that much attention to that.
In fact, after last night I think I'm giving up hockey for a while.
But a year and a half.
And that's 163 vote we got so far.
56705, 60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
85,864 people of sign stop FCC.com.
I noticed that California has jumped up over Texas which means that somebody somewhere on the year is pumping this in California and elsewhere too obviously which is great.
Sure as hell can't do it alone here and this tiny little scratchy sounding station in Miami Florida.
Are the other people on the station promoting this by the way?
No.
That's funny.
No, no, I'm serious.
No, you're not.
See if Joe and Mark were still on here they'd be helping us out.
How many listeners they have?
About 30 minutes.
At least they'd be giving it their best shot.
I mean, when I get no help from Ola where was Geltie again this morning?
Oh, there's a story there.
There is?
Geltie called in sick.
Yeah.
On the same day that Mo apparently called in late.
He decided that he didn't want to show up till 530.
Right.
I called it and said I just have Geltie to the first half hour I'll show up when I'm good.
Wow.
Because I just don't feel like I'm ambling it until 530 so they had to run the sporting news until 530.
Oh no.
Oh my god.
What kind of idea, what kind of place are we running now?
We know it's a crazy house.
So in other words you just come in whatever you feel like it.
I'll see you tomorrow about 1115.
I'll see you tomorrow about 1230.
Sure.
If you feel like it one.
One 15 sounds good.
Although I'll probably be about 145 tomorrow.
Well what kind of crap is that?
Yeah.
Geltie I guess has been fighting the flu or something because he sounded scratchy yesterday.
I heard him for about 20 seconds which was plenty more than enough.
But so Geltie was out ill again and the Mo show's up late.
That's not good.
That's not going to be good in his file.
You know what?
I'm sure that muffin clearance right now are feverishly working up a little notation to put in that file.
Because they both really despise him like crazy.
But then why should they be different from anybody else?
Let's see.
Let's take a look at that schedule.
Mad Dog at two.
He'll be on time.
He'll be on time because he knows that the money's waiting man.
Actually he gets paid.
I'm like the little dog who hasn't got paid yet.
The Humper at four.
The Hebrew hammer.
A Brewer hammer.
At four till 650 the Humper.
I had two hour and 15 minutes ago because we got Marlon's exhibition as baseball.
Marlon's on deck is at 650.
The Cardinals played the Marlins in Jupiter at 705.
Any K after the baseball game and sporting news radio overnight.
Wow.
I would better get used to saying that.
Just like we better get used to not saying a lot of other things.
Right.
I mean that thing when Muck told me that I slipped out the S bag word yesterday.
Now I'm not even sure.
I'm sure we can say that right?
Sure.
Yes.
All right.
Well let me say this to you now.
Okay.
On IOD this morning we have a spy report.
And that is that Glenn Beck rhymes with Schmeck and direct the right wing, one of their 85 right wing talk shows.
Called President Bubba a S bag not once but twice.
And of course we can't say that word anymore.
Right.
And there's a follow up.
Yes.
He repeated the statement again using the very same word at 950.
No.
Yes.
Saying S bag.
I assume not.
Oh my God.
Not on WIOD because that's clear channel.
The last thing they needed is any more FCC action.
Wow.
They're going to be at the poor house with their 9 billion dollars they made last year.
That's bad.
They'll probably have to take down a couple of them billboards and oh that's right they own them.
You know even here in Toronto there's a clear channel all over the place.
You see them billboards.
You see it on at the Eden Center downtown there's a big.
Oh what are they called?
Luch and Times Square you know that big display thing.
The message sign up.
Yeah.
Clear channel.
Clear channel.
There are cancel.
There are cancel on the universe man.
They've taken over the worst in Walmart.
They're worse than Exxon mobile.
They're worse than anybody.
Cheap channel.
And this guy's on the air.
They're saying S bag.
I think somebody better look into that right away.
I think somebody better facts over one of those phone the FCC notices that we got yesterday.
Yeah.
To Pete Voldier.
To the assassin.
Say, oh.
We got it.
We got the times we got the evidence.
Double yourselves accordingly, etc.
1040, 20, 411, 560, WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
You know what I'm talking about.
Now I'm sure by now the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit bureau fee.
Even zero discounted points.
Hit yourself that new low rate interest of just 1.25%.
A hundred thousand dollar loan means your payments are just $334 a month.
A 200 thousand dollar loan you pay just $668 a month.
What's not to like?
And don't forget once you're refinancing it a new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay those ugly nasty closing cost again.
So call today and find out all of the bill that call 1-866-395.
Let and get yourself the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move on to your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee.
Zero dot fee.
Zero closing cost.
Even like I'd say when you move to another property get that new low rate financing gets unbeatable just 1.25%
With the only one mortgage from financial group and never pay close at cost again.
For details there is positively no obligation just make that tool free call with their new number now.
1-866-395.
Land.
That's 1-866-395.
LED.
Either an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly.
4.21.
APR.
Line.
Line.
Local.
Here sports video 560-C.
U.A.M.
Absolutely.
Pick to bad day.
Witsn't been ruined.
He do the rest.
Ruggling.
Bob.
There's another contender.
Outzing off the walls in a rehab room.
He do the rest.
Ruggling.
Bob.
He do the rest.
Ruggling.
Bob.
He do the rest.
Ruggling.
Bob.
He do the rest.
Ruggling.
Bob.
He do the rest.
Ruggling.
Bob.
There's nothing else.
There is nothing else but some kind of alien evil in life.
There is nothing else.
One of the most common elements of life.
There is nothing else but an alien's utopia.
The Earth is daytime.
Spider God.
Who's the King?
I was struggling for
The girl candy
I had a picture of my friends
And a picture of me
It's gone
The man
He's the one who
He's the one who
Under the rug is where the story's going
He do the rust-druck limba
Damage controls who make and fit and hold it
He do the rust-druck limba
Limba
Limba
Limba
Limba
I get to rush just thinking about it
How about our boy rush said
John and Columbia South Carolina
Thanks John, how could I forget?
He's the one who's on there
Now he's going to go zooming on the head list
Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail?
I think he'll win
PS you missed the king family yesterday is what John says also
What king is that?
Larry King
Correta King
Elvis?
I don't know
The king
Anyway, thanks John
Thank you for the shoes
Now wait till you hear these, I'm sure you're already read this
This is great
See I didn't bother checking letters to the editor in the sunset
This isn't me spot Satanjik his front page column on Saturday in the sunset
About the FCC and all of these things
Yes, Luscious
The first letter is just exactly what's wrong with South Florida
Too many old cockers, that's what it's all about
Leon Blumberg and Highland Beach
Leon, probably over the age of 400
Probably makes Mathusa look like a teenager
He writes, we don't need FCC to define decency
After reading about the articles about the crackdown on broadcasting
Filth I find my heart breaking for the likes of Neil Rogers and Howard Stern
The fact that they now have to police their own filthy mouths causes me great sadness
Imagine Rogers now has to edit hundreds of so-called comedy bits looking for the forbidden words he can no longer use
Let me make it easy for you, Neil, just throw the whole thing in the garbage
These talks you'll host to blanket in the country with their filth are now worried as is
TV radio writer Tom Jicca that the government and broadcast industry are stepping on their first amendment rights
I'm against censorship but and this is a big but
We just don't know how to behave ourselves
Give us an inch and we take 10 miles
For instance, I hate that we have so many police now to cover people at ball games and concerts
We have to because we don't know how to sit and behave
We must consume all the beer et cetera that we can hold and disrupt those around us by becoming unruly
And becoming just plain dangerous
The broadcast industry is no different we gave them an inch and they took the whole line yards
They have broadcast their filth at all times of the day and night there is no way of protecting children from tuning in
And please don't give me the old excuse that there's an off button I don't want to have to censor radio or TV broadcast for my family nor can I
Critics say the FCC's be fusal to be specific about what's permissible now as that broadcast is in an easy and unfair position
Do we really need the FCC or anyone else telling us what is decent?
Can we police ourselves? I truly doubt that Neil Rogers or Howard Stern would even be working if they had to drop the filth from their shows
Their talent is filth
Schmutz
What we need is broadcasts with intelligence and talent
Broadcasts who can help us to think to understand this complex world in which we live
There are more than enough subjects to last us for the next thousand years each one without filth
Rightfully on Bloomberg in Highland Beach
Ali on Castle Hoye sweetheart now
And of course coming to our support pretty Elaine. Oh Steve Martin and Sunrise got a decent letter
And then let me read the other one Joel Heimann and Pembroke Pines so I guess it was in hurried to have a lot of time or maybe they just edited down
He says politicians should be more concerned about the pollutants in our air rivers land and seas than our radio waves
I guess our politicians are in federal of their priorities says Joel Heimann
Little stoke their little shot little sarcasm
But kind of weektool put it up a little bit and now Steve Martin Sunrise says what free speech?
Good question Steve oh
The words to express my dismay escape me because we have censorship of the airways the FCC has gotten the broadcasted to watch their mouths
I can out here radio programs spouting hate and fear mongering
I can watch films of murder and torture almost nightly
I thought that not limiting the free speech was one reason our forefathers fought and died perhaps I misunderstood
Freedom and liberty should be fear and servitude instead
I would use language that truly expresses my feeling but it wouldn't be allowed for publication
Right Steve Martin Sunrise that's gonna Steve
Good job so we got one
One and a half one and a half letters of support and a long long letter from Leon and Highland beats that goes on
And of course when you're right a letter they tell you about you know watching the length of it
Because if it's too long they'll have to cut it down and they won't put it in
Brevity, Brevity, right but Leon goes on Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap
Oh yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
Boy he told you mister right I'm really impressed Leon and by the way tomorrow's payday so Pfft you
That was a raspberry that's a raspberry
We checked on that and they said no problem with raspberries now the the powers that be
I don't believe you said no problem with raspberries they're not too crazy about pomegranates
Which I heard you say something about that this morning yeah pondapum
Although in our program in the apartment they do have a pension for other certain other fruits
Now let's see which of these people would you most like to see go to jail
Kenny Lay 119 Michael Jackson 72 Jason Williams 25 Martha Stewart 16
Kobe Bryant 16 Robert Blake 12 Roch Limbaugh just went on their only moments of goad he's already got 11
And Todd Bertuzzi's got a pair thank you thanks to my hockey people out there out of 273
Take two 300 calls what do you say before we're getting to the meat of the matter okay I got in the finger on it WQA him hello
Yeah, it's good morning. New how are you morning okay
Just want to have you heard anything yet if you kneel if what's his name Michael Powell is going to be taking a place of priest at the confessional and grant an absolute sin yet
Yes he is
He also for your fall how about Scott Peter's now see that's he's already in jail see I mean his trial is going on
He's over there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. That's our great day pal YouTube unlike Robert Blake who's wandered around outside for somebody what do they let him out?
Oh, they like to hear I see they like the bird is that what it was I don't say what kind please please
That's really cracker please no it's not my line Paulie want a cracker what's my line WQA him hello
Hey, you hear that Josh that was a raspberry I heard it that was a snort Q a.m. Hello. How you doing now pretty good good you're forgetting one person on there
Who's that works on your radio show Mo Howard David he should be on the okay great WQA him hello
Hi, yeah, well that one for you Paul how about Phil Spector he's not the in jail right he's running around loose
We're gonna get it. Yeah, Phil Spector we'll put him on here. Thank you. Thank you. Phil Spector
Oh, shut my favorite B movie queen just like Jason Williams. He said it was a suicide just like my dog committed suicide sending deal
Well, I'm gonna really scratchy throw it. I think I can see George on for the next many many days
He's soothing huh drink something soothing. I'm fighting it. I don't have no cough drops
But in spite of the scratchy throw let me just read this Paul Kerman piece from yesterday's New York Times
It's on our website. It was there yesterday. It's still there. I'm sure somewhere
Lifting the shroud is that the shroud of tyranny? No, no
From the day it took office US news and world report wrote a few months ago the Bush administration dropped a shroud of secrecy over the federal government
After 9-11 the administration's secretive in this new no limits Americans every fly sure ominously warned need to need to watch what they say
Watch what they do
Patriotic citizens were supposed to accept the administration's version of events not ask awkward questions
But something remarkable has been happening lately more and more insiders are finding the courage to reveal the truth on issues ranging from mercury pollution
Yes, Virginia polluters do write the regulations these days and never mind the science to the war on terror
It's important when you read the inevitable attempts to impune the character of the latest whistleblower to realize just how risky it is to reveal awkward truths about the Bush administration
When General Eric Shineski Shinseki told Congress that post-war Iraq should require a large occupation force that was the end of his military career
When Ambassador Joseph Wilson revealed that the 2003 state of the Union speech contained information known to be false
Someone in the White House destroyed his wife's career by revealing she was a CIA operative
And now we know that Richard Foster the Medicare Systems Chief Actuary was threatened with dismissal if he revealed the Congress the likely cost of the administration's prescription drug plan
The latest insider to come forth of course is Richard Clark George Bush's former counterterrorism czar and the author of the just published against all enemies
On 60 minutes on Sunday Mr. Clark said the previously unsaible that Mr. Bush the self-proclaimed war president had done a terrible job on the war against terrorism
After a few hours of shocked silence the character assassination began
He may have a grudge to bear since he probably wanted a more prominent position declared Dick Cheney who also says that Mr. Clark was out of the loop
What loop before 9-11 Mr. Clark with the administration's top official uncounted terrorism
It's more about politics and a book promotion than about policy, Scott McFellon said
Of course Bush officials have to attack Mr. Clark's character because there's plenty of independent evidence confirming the thrust of his charges
Did the Bush administration ignore terrorism warnings before 9-11?
Just the department documents obtained by the Center for American Progress the liberal think tanks show that it did
Not only did John Ascroft completely dropped terrorism as a priority
It wasn't even mentioned in his list of seven strategic goals just one day before 9-11 he proposed a reduction in counterterrorism funds
Did the administration neglect counterterrorism even after 9-11?
After 9-11 the FBI requested one and a half billion dollars for counterterrorism operations
But the White House slashed this by two thirds
Meanwhile the Bush campaign's been attacking John Kerry because he once voted for a small cut in intelligence funds
Oh and the next time terrorists launch an attack on American soil they'll find their tests made much easier by the administration's strange reluctance even after 9-11 to protect potential targets
In November 2001 a bipartisan delegation urged the president to spend about 10 billion dollars on top security priorities like ports and nuclear sites
But Mr. Bush flatly refused
Finally did some top officials really want to respond to 9-11 by not going after al-Qaeda but by attacking Iraq?
Of course they did from the very first moments after 9-11 Kenneth Pollock tour front line
There was a group of people both inside and outside the administration who believed that the war on terrorism should target Iraq first
Mr. Clark simply adds more to tail
Still the administration would like you to think that Mr. Clark has base motives in writing his book
But given the hawks dominance of the bestseller list until last fall it's unlikely that he wrote it for the money
Given the assumption by most political pundits until very recently that Mr. Bush was guaranteed re-election
It's unlikely that he wrote it in the hopes of getting a political job and given the Bush's administration's pension for punishing its critics
He must have known that he was taking a huge personal risk
So why did he write it? How about this? Maybe he just wanted the public to know the truth
My life and look all this is forged radio by 60
You weigh in weigh in
The honey tune yet
My life took their card or the wall
He drives my door and she's three feet tall
I wouldn't ride with a no way
I said I'd need it and later today
Someone just sitting on a pension they're ready
Waiting for the rally bus to take me away
Or just sitting on a pension they're ready with my thing tied
I'll look like he's trying to take my chains
Custom bus days don't always stay the same
All that God and do would get a tells me to do
The private holidays he must be in jail
Just sitting here resting my bones
Wondering why my wife won't leave me alone
We've talked it over but I never win
I just lined up schlepping through the wall again
Oi, so I sit on a pension they're ready
Waiting for the rally bus to take me away
Oi, you just sitting on a pension they're ready with my thing tied
Waiting for the rally bus to take me away
I'm waiting for the rally bus to take me away
I'm waiting for the rally bus to take me away
That's not for you baby in a nutshell
1102 at 560 WDQM
So somebody suggests Bernie Evers and Chris Sullivan from WorldCon
Dennis Kaislowski and Mark Swartz from Tyco
And the Regus family of hockey fame also formerly owners of the Sabers of Delphia cable
I thought he went to jail John Regus I'm pretty sure he did
I don't know if he want to put these on here
This is somebody's favorite rich factor by the way
Oh well thanks for the answer
No, the small potatoes compared to our fine listed jail potential jailbirds we got going
Granted they ripped off a lot of money and pissed off a lot of people but then again
See what I'm saying? Can put everybody on there
I like to have a nice meaty list on there I like to have people that really somebody knows who they are
Kenny Lay 138 WS of these people with you most likes he go to jail
Michael Jackson 83 Rush Limbaugh 41 Rushes he's Russian man
Even Jim Brown never rushed like this even Gail Sears
Jason Williams 28 Martha Stewart 21 Kobe Bryant 18
Robert Blake 12 type R2 Z3 and Phil Spector's goblin on a 345
Who we put on there who we just say?
I forgot we didn't see just checking
I didn't even get the good stuff and I'm forgetting
Now listen to this carefully it's speaking of Richard Clark
I listen to everything carefully now
Yes, I bet you do and so do I when I'm playing these bits man I'm sitting here just this oh man I'm just moving around in this chair
Believe me I have spilkeys or listen to each and every one of these deals
Democrats on Tuesday accused the White House of election year abuses of power and tried to discredit former top U.S. counter terrorism official Richard Clark
Who was accused president Bush of ignoring threats from Al Qaeda before the 9-11 attacks
Democrats took to the Senate floor to land base to Bush White House
Which has fiercely condemned Clark on Monday I can't imagine why
Always attack the messenger baby rip him, tear him, he's a jerk, he's a yeah you know what we can't say it no more
We are seeing abuses of power that cannot be tolerated the president needs to put a stop to it right now
We need to get to the truth and the president needs to help us do that state assenda democratically to Tom Dashal
Let's see what goes on to call the out let's get to the good part
Clark rejected White House charges that he was playing election year politics by timing the release of his book against all enemies
Detailing his criticism of the Bush approach for this week
He said publication was held up by the administration for three months for a security check and he had not intended for it to be released in the middle of the election campaign
How do you like that see they don't bother telling us that the right wingers they're all on air oh see he put the book out right in the middle election
That's obvious he wants a job with Kerry well guess what he said publication was held up by the administration for three months for a security check
In other words to see if there was any
Secret information in there for
Any classified information then he had not intended for to be released in the middle of election campaign
I'm not doing this because I'm disgruntled I'm doing this because I think the American people need to know the truth
He told a B and C's America good good morning America so there you go
Let's smear the messenger man. Let's rip him in a ass. Let's tear him to pieces. Let's tear Joseph Wilson to pieces because he told the truth about that phone
Your rainy report from Niger
Wow
Let's see it says you're not allowed to say this on a radio yet last on NYPD blue they repeated over and over again feminine
Personal hygiene bag the D bag word it says here on the label right in fact it is so unbelievable things
We can't say now I'll even crack out the good one on the label how do you like that only save that for special occasions like Moe in that
Piece that he wears on Sunday go to meet in a special occasions on your paper on the label right in that Saturday though it is case Friday night
Oh, that's right when you people stop with the OJ stuff OJ is not currently these are people who are currently have been convicted and waiting a sentencing or they're out to
Got a trial going OJ don't have no trial going on right now even on at the still on satellite thing yet now as soon as he does something else which I think
Probably be very soon then we'll be more than happy to put OJ on there the matter of time it's just a matter of days hours how many hours I've turned man
Till do something bad
Like show his face in public again that's something bad
Oh
Look at this this is good white house intimidation. We'll get to that eventually
Let's see here's the fact that says you mean to tell me that I've listened you for over 20 years now I find out your dangerous
That's right. That's what Leon in Highland Beach said he also said boy
God I hope I don't have to sit next to you when you're filled with the ball game says Todd and Hollywood PSI sign stop FCC dot com yesterday
Yada yada yada anyway you know I'm not gonna brow the audience anymore
I did that yesterday try to get to 10,000 which we did but I mean if we did that every day it's really ponderous
And you can only squeeze so much blood out of a rock I think we're doing pretty damn good isn't that what the rum spell said you can only squeeze so much blood out of Iraq no comment
Oh the sixth one the OJ stop with the OJ facts is okay. I'll pass it by by playing a lot of OJ bits
The ones that we can still play I don't think there's any of them we can't play are there I don't know anymore let's try
I think they're on the additions a new feature no the new feature on here and what about the kid that did that call him what is that called
OJ song yeah here let's see
Hey
Everybody got that button right
See I think saying OJ I think that's obscene and pornographic to me I think that's really a course but never to let
What was that I dumped it that was you I dumped it too wasn't a right do we both dump it I yeah I did I played that see that's my
I didn't play it now but I mean when he called in I played that see so there we can't play that one no more because it's got a fart song
All right I mean to me that was definitely not a raspberry that was a huh that was a horse
Now listen listen to me boys and girls these are decisions in life that you have to make very important ones in fact we have several middle-level
Management people right now and probably joy over there in April's who are monitoring the show and we're listening very carefully with headphones on
Mm-hmm and had we let that go on the year they would have said oh I don't think that was a raspberry and you know I think that was human gas that was
Expiratory activity might have generated in fact they might have even be able to describe the aroma the flavor
Pomegranate so at
Got it Josh got it tossed another one in that thing in the big jug
Well that's right can't say big jug anymore on the air that's now that's one for you no way I mean that not even close
You know what this is going to be a show from now on about things that we can't say that's it yeah that's the new format on the New
Rogers show things that we're going to talk about things that we can't say which is fine because it's your it's your
Outnumbers of things that we have left that we can say I guarantee you that in spite of what you mean we're can
Highland Beatsers or whatever's name is go back to Appalachia like I do yeah and I buy some moonshine which I sometimes do
Can I drink it out of a moonshine jug
So you just you just keep pushing it you just get off the edge get off the edge you're running a something that's like on the edge of the you're on the 85th floor of the
Empire State Building you're right on the ledge and you're trying to want to jump off back away from the edge please
Just look away right there you go because I have only one message for you be afraid be very afraid
Because if you haven't already discovered the kind of nervous Nellies that we're working for the kind of people who are like
Pying in there I mean I'm not even there and I heard reports that you now listen is sleeping there around the clock 24-7 because
She's doing such a land orifice business there with her depends
They are just peeing all over themselves with us oh see there you go
I don't think there's anything that's 100% safe anymore is there I mean even hello and goodbye is not I'll give you an example here's one
See now you think well what could be wrong with that well that's from that comedy bit where he's
Satorizing just in tinkerbell well just in tinkerbell you know what this is like this is like the day in the life of three baptists
It's the same thing right just in tinkerbell was the one who ripped that thing off Janet Jackson's
Thing there right that started this whole flap in the first place which they're using as an excuse to just
Decimate the air waves and this is made our freedoms and besides that drop is a double entendre
There you go
So can't do that no more
Bye bye bye in fact believe you me only he wishes he was by bye bye
Little fruity just in tinkerbell so there's no other reason we can't play that
Now this may shock some people including Schmengrick up there in Highland Beach
Shocking content is what the audience wants a
New study from Jacobs Media and Edison Media research found that 55% of regular listeners to active rock mainstream rock
Alternative and classic rock stations that air some of the most controversial morning shows on the radio including the Howard Stern show said they're never offended by what they hear
In fact just 11% of those surveys said they're offended more than rarely
Furthermore 74% of the 13,700 respondents who participated in the Internet pool support of the statement that those who listen to Howard Stern should be allowed to do so 74%
The joint study also found that while 75% respondents believe that small groups of people are having too much influence on whether radio programs should be
Find or punished only 5% believe that if even a small group of listeners is offended by radio shows content the FCC should take action against it only 5% of people believe that
Other survey highlights include the findings that just 12% believe the FCC should remove programs that it finds indecent from the air and that are
Wapping 87% of respondents believe it's a parents responsibility to protect their children from indecent material
Additionally 13% say it's the broadcast is responsible to keep indecent material off their stations
Rock radio listeners are telling us in overwhelming numbers that they wanted to decide for themselves whether to listen to a radio program or not
Jacobs Media President Fred Jacob said listeners know that certain radio shows might offend them and they know how to change the station if they don't want to hear such things all of these things
Of the 40 stations included in the survey roughly a third were active rock and what is it? Active rock and rock
A third were alternative and a third were classic rock Jacobs Media's day bezing tells the radio in records
Additionally 50% of the sample comprised it also over the age of 35
So unlike certain old parts that we have out there the goody two shoes crowd we have so many important things to talk about
And I'm going to decide what they're going to be and there's too many rowdy people out there at the ball of games
Oh good golly
That's out Florida for you man. I'm telling you right now these are people transplant
Think about 80% of the old parts and ship them back to New York where they came from or somewhere where they can
Artera Arizona Sun City and bring in some living and breeding people with a sense of humor
Plus I understand most told me that they were running out of bags in Florida can't say what kind can we say to see bag?
14 past 11 at 560 how about T bag?
Oh can't say that
If you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid and overworked like Todd Reck is the other way around
He just man just infuriates me I get downright angry when I think about his refusal to do anything
But anyway if you like a new high-paying career but you don't have the cash of the four years of your life to spend on going to college
Here might be the answer you've been looking for one easy call to fast train
One 866 fast train that can do it because our good friends at fast train can have you trained in certified for a high-paying computer network
Professional career and his little time is four months all you got to take is four months out of your life
What's not to like and you can have some real training and a real up job and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it
Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule
Fast train offers job placement assistance and financially the people will qualify too
Fast trains got seven convenient for locations that is about to be one nearby you
So don't delay pick up that phone call them today check them out first on a web if you like it fast train
Dot com and then make the call that can really change your life because in just four short months
You can be on your way to a new high-paying career don't delay call them today one 866 fast train
My life and look all this is 4205 60
Way to lay out
Enter the horror rush you can hear me
I have a little for you
And you think you're hearing
I now you should
For too
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
You
Why
I
You're not for you, you're hateful preach
But to God you, over Vegas, God be, I might sound true, but I'm not sorry
When this world blows, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's
Rarty's moving up to the list nicely is number three with a bullet 79 votes Michael Jackson 106 and Kenny Lay 150 seven Michael starting to put some moves on Kenny Lay there you notice I thought Kenny's a little bit too old for Michael Vanty and Bokas says Richard Parker scheduled to testify at 130 to saffron good will pop it on I would like to hear some of what the gutless George Tenant has to say and I'm not putting him on he's yeah he's they got to him really good remember that they sure that they got to roll and cool and pow who said what you know if there were
WMDs maybe we wouldn't have gone in there and then a couple hours later after they had a little bit of a meeting a little bit of a confab a powwow and they said either your brains will be on a plate or the signature or something like that and he said oh no we would have gone in there and we had to get rid of Saun who's a bad guy who's a bad man says Robert Novak should be getting what does it say
they wrapped it with the Moe for outing a CIA operative yeah Robert Novak should probably be in jail too let's put him on there I'd like to see him in jail even though it doesn't have any charges but he should
for jeopardizing the life not only a Valerie plan but also of course of all the other people in the CIA a grotesque act by the anxious upper right wing
in coherently leave I should point out which maybe a good sign Robert Novak I think he's right on the edge
I think he's got one foot in and the other one about two thirds of the way
WKLS is regular guys off the hook
radio and records is learned that WKLS Atlanta Morning Hostlery walks in every fan
Hasler known as the regular guys won't be penalized by clear channel for a stunt gone a rye in their March 19 show
Aren't you excited I'm relieved and delighted sources have confirmed that walks on Hasler and the rest of the shows cash
including the board up have retained their jobs following a closed door session attended by clear channel radio
C.E. John Hogan I think is driving a fourth race at Pompe no Park
The sources also tell our tonight that the company doesn't plan to further investigate the incident now here come listen
Strap yourself in listen. I should read this very slowly
The sources also tell radio and records that the company doesn't plan to further investigate the incident unless the FCC becomes involved
Are you following that okay
Laxon van has thought were suspended from WKLS after playing you were to take backwards of a porn actress
Simulating various sex acts us avoiding an FCC fine what they were trying to take when out live on WKLS over
Rolling underneath a commercial, but the clear channel says it was a mistake. We understand it
Kiston made up everything's okay on less
The FCC becomes involved and that changes everything
That changes the whole picture
Nationally syndicated morning personality man Kal Mueller who show is based at MS alternative WKQX Q101 in Chicago
Is expected to file a three million dollar lawsuit against longtime detractor David Edward Smith that charges Smith with business interference and following filing
Spurious complaints with the FCC that are repetitive malicious untrue and designed merely for the purpose of harassment and to cause
Mueller economic ruin
According to Chicago sometimes calmness robber speeders Smith citizens for community values has lodged
66 complaints about man-cows morning man house with the FCC
In a statement Mueller said judgment day has come for those who hide in the shadows twisting Bible verses and hiding in government offices
While using another government office to attempt to destroy my radio station my wife my widowed mother and my future
Children
The sometimes reports that Smith claims he's acting on his own
volition and carrying out a private crusade against Mueller when contacted by radio and records and MS
Representative had no comment of the matter since the suit doesn't directly involve the company
and
Remember our good friend Sanvath singlo
C
Who was dismissed after a pre-recorded segment that aired February 29th on Santa Monica colleges KCRW Los Angeles
And featured the f-word twice during the same broadcast will now offer a commentaries to Minnesota public videos KPCC Pasadena LA
operated by Pasadena City College
The decision comes after KCRW general manager Ruth Seymour rescinded her dismissal of low
But was rebuffed after low determined that she no longer felt comfortable working at KCRW
She said once she even goes into buildings. She's feeling mighty
low
Low-contains that she never intended to have said they do air and that a producer had been charged with bleeping out the word from her program before it aired
But they didn't do it
Low will continue in her roles of freelance contributed to MPR's marketplace
You see what happens when people are put in a position of bleeping words out
And they don't do it. See what I'm saying? Yeah problems. Taurus. I just mentioned that
After yesterday's minor incident
Muck got all bent out of shape. Bap bap bap bap bap. Not really. He's you know fairly mellow
Isn't want to have to start popping too many of those pills anymore
Pretty expensive stuff unless of course we can get in touch with Wilma
Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail?
453 votes. Kenny lay 162
Michael Jackson 109
Rush limbaugh 83
Jason Williams 32 Martha Stewart 29 Kobe Bryant 20 Bobby Blake 13
Todd Bertuzzi 3
Phil Spector 2 and Bobby Novak we just stuck him on there. Just kind of for fun. Although I mean it
He belongs behind bars. He's an evil doer
In fact seriously when you stop and think of that for expression evil doers
Yeah, seems to me that they're kind of like stole the government if you ask me
I could be wrong
I think those are the most dangerous evil doers in the world right now
Hey, you want to know more about following a low-carb diet?
You want to know the best tasting largest selection of low-carb foods
Then there's a story you'll fall in love with. It's called the lights of West Boka
Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins sugarbusters South Beach or any other low-carb sugar-free diet
He lights of West Bokers always been the number one low-carb store in the universe and for good reason
Because they've got so much good stuff over 1200 low-car products to choose from
Including breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies chocolates carbolite ice cream
They got your pasta and sauces ketchup cheesecakes and so much more and don't forget if it's new and great tasting
The lights will have it before anybody else too. The lights is open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10
You can always try anything the store before you buy
They got a friendly staff that knows dieting inside and out and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brands
Products you'll find anywhere and the Atkins products are on sale all day every day even on Chavuas
The lights of West Boka there on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 the right next to Boston market
column toll free 1 877 low-carb
L.O.W
C.A.R.B. or on the web you'll find it at lowcarb.com
Don't forget there's only one delights of West Boka and it's your official Atkins retail center
I am the local
This is life city
The radio's all yours
You and
You
Disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station
I can't believe the language I hear all give me
Every other word is an obscenity
It used to be the cable was a whole lot worse but now the networks like they're at this
curse
Then the wedding sites of this insanity
All the dialogue contains profanity
Swear it like a seller on a 3 day pass
Words a whole lot worse than ass
Lack of
Can't wait for that 29 till noon at 560 Wtq and mad dog at 2
The hopper the Hebrew hammer at 4 from the studio no less honey like that in studio
But not for long he's no dummy he realizes the sick building with a lot of sick puppies running around
I noticed on the schedule. He's gonna be the nasdaq 100 open
Tomorrow and Friday also he gets out of there as much as possible ice-cold hopper
And then we got marlins on deck at 650 tonight
Cardinals at tomorrow and's in Jupiter 705 and then edd kf to the ballgame
I'm not I'm not promoting that sporting this radio anymore. I'm just I
It the embarrassment factors too great. No one's promoting it
I mean I'm not mentioning anymore. I tried to promote the whole station mentioned the schedule even mobile 5 date in the morning and the Joe Rose following preceding us
But I will not promote sporting news radio. It's not a program. It's just uh, you know like putting on the test pattern
Would you agree mr. Sports and he how?
Let's take a look at that pull result so far. I told you rushers making a big move. You're right
All he's got a long way to go man. Got a long way to go long. He'll decline
499 I bet if I refresher we can get to 500 there's sandy burger runner. He's a good guy number one
policy integration
To ensure greater seamlessness between
agencies that have traditionally been either domestic or externally focused
So that we never again have a situation in which for example the FAA or INS is disconnected from national security
To 500 votes. Sorry sandy
Oh, which of these people would you most like to see go to jail?
Kenny lay 169
Michael Jackson 117
Rush Limbaugh 101 rushes moving into triple digits
my great
Yeah, Jason Williams 36 Martha's store 35 Kobe Bryant 21 Bobby Blake 14
Kuchi Kuchi Todd Bertutsi three
Phil Spector two and Bobby Novak's got a pair already good
Fry his ass. That's my comment on rubber Novak
What it just obnoxious disgusting humorless mind blowing right wing oh
All I can say is you turn that's the only thing I got left that I can say at least as if today probably joy over there in April
Is going to hear us plan that so a call a muffin parents tomorrow. Oh, he said turg you can't say that
Well, I would like to heard to know that one of one of George W's many nicknames for Carl rove
Is turd blossom yeah, well, that don't matter
Well, if it's good enough for L presidente who has a very limited vocabulary that's good enough for us, okay?
I mean he ain't no nuclear scientist
So it's good enough for L presidente. It's good enough for us
turd blossom
I can't explain what that's all about but you can use your own imagination because in text as well
560560
Palm 560 on a 18t and 10 for rise in line. I'm just I'm hanging out by a thread if I get through till two
I'll be okay tomorrow. You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean? Well in other words, I had like you know what it's all about when you get like you're on a verge of a cold
But you know that thing that thing but your throat is a little on the raspy side if you could rest your voice and if you could rest your voice
What then it passes like a gallstone or kidney stone can we talk about a gallstone passing?
Oh
WNQAM. Hello
But there was a prostitute got murdered cable it was a rape scene
Uh, but that's on cable man
Oh, it's on Fox like he said it's over there. It's on fx. That's on that face but that face is not over the air
It's only on cable
Yeah, if I if I made a complaint myself would aby obligated investigate it and shut it down just because that fx is on cable
It's not an over-the-year channel. It's owned by Fox, but it's on cable not an over-the-year
We was on again. There's another hypocrisy with Fox. That's a right-wing station and they had rape scene
Right, an 80 year old woman getting raped absolutely correct
That's Fox that on a one hand they use all of all the violence all the
Racy stuff on the Fox entertainment network so that Rupert Murder can make his millions and billions to fund the right-wing
News at propaganda machine. Yeah, I agree with everything you say and Rush Limbar is my vote
Thanks a lot, palmy. All right. Take it easy. Yeah
Save a little louder though. Hey, Raj, can you hear us see? I don't you talk about a story that's just about God buried
I'm not I'm not even talking about the doctor shopping and all of that and the pill pop and I mean he admitted to that
But here he had all of this sympathy see this is why why why why did I where did I go wrong? You know what where did I go wrong
Way way back when too late now. No comment. You know all the no seriously. I don't know. Can't head something to do with it
But all these people that have these
Quisolings these ditto heads
And it's very similar and of course it's generally the same people with a born again Christian philosophy
Oh the fallen sinners. He's the one who repented about, you know
They're the ones they like the best like Jim Baker and Jimmy Swagger when they come back the second time after they screwed up big time
Then oh hallelujah. They refund the Lord, you know, that's the same with Rush who lied through his teeth about having some kind of
You know the disease with his hearing he had the oxy diseases what he had
Remember I read all those articles right after all this thing blue and the inquirer
Yeah about how the fact that the the stuff that he was taking is known for causing dramatic hearing loss
And even some people going completely deaf, but that got how much how many seconds coverage of that game
About third man. Yeah
No, we don't want to talk about that because that would be bad
Then he goes on air and lies through his teeth about Richard Clark and lies through his teeth about anything and everything and
Clear channel has no problem putting him on
I can't think of too many things in the world more obscene than Rush Limbaugh and yet there he is every single day
Looked up for that lying through his teeth
hypocritical finger pointing pill popping idiot
You try trying to explain things to America man is like trying to get squeezed water out of a rock
Unless of course it's on Mars. That's a really exciting stuff. Let's go. Let's pack up and go everybody
Let's go to Mars
See that's another thing and I'm not suggesting I have any great brilliant scientific mind because I'm a million miles away from that but
The notion this whole thing of time and space and all of that the average person any person can't really understand that
So the idea that there were all kinds of life in the universe maybe a billion years ago maybe a billion years in the future
uh, all of these things
People can't relate to that because our lifespan is so short less than a hundred years
How can you relate to even a million years or a thousand years much less billions you can't do it good memory
Is that it? Yeah, sure
All right, remember when I was just a little amoeba
So this business about well are we gonna find we're gonna find because the next deal when they go up to Mars again
They're gonna find the um fossils
The microscopic fossils and they're gonna find all kinds of life guaranteed
And I'm gonna say holy cow
Look at this. What was this and what was that and who uh who uh this be you know these are copagus
And I'm still worrying what I'm really concerned for all your religionists out there the god squad
What kind of stories what kind of fairy tales what kind of bubble myses are you gonna make up to try to cover your ass on that Satan
Oh, it's another Satan plot. That's right
See because even the god squad out there if you believe in a god
Why would it create the whole universe and just pick this one lousy a mediocre planet to put life on it
I mean while everything else go to waste right the Lord
He moves the mysterious ways and on the first day he created two lights the large light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night
Right. Oh my goodness
Seriously, I think we need uh
So what do they call doctors who perform a lobotomy?
lobotomists, okay
Now, seriously, well, there must be a name for them. I'm sure there is but uh
Psychiatrists to start with either that or we need a lot more that show electroshock therapy like sherdon was getting their own passions
He sure came out looking pretty good considering all the shock and she was given
Kenny lay 174 Michael Jackson 125 rush limbaugh 117
Jason Williamsman he is a piker. He's only got 37
Why is that you think don't know why he's doing so poorly
Don't know. Huh. I think they really believe that's true. I think between the dog and in that show for it was double double suicide
We're supporting you five six
UAM
Talk it in and hold it more than half of Californians are overweight or obese. I think I'm morbidly obese if you're one of them
You may find that your clothes are getting tighter. My clothes are sure
You don't worry
There's something in your size. I can wear a circus tent. I can get one in eBay being overweight
Increase the risk of heart disease type two diabetes and cancer
reduce your risk eat a variety of fruits and vegetables for smacks and meals
Bitch, I'm eating chocolate cake for lunch and take a wrist walk every day. I'm taking a wrist walk to the fridge
Oh
Sounds good to me chocolate cake sounds good to for lunch too. I'm hungry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I think we're gonna do a Wednesday
But what we're gonna do today is different though not just play all these unlimited bits. What will do?
No, listen to me. Yeah, we'll go back to the very beginning
Of Tomard Vark. Well actually in the beginning of ours. We got now. We don't want to play those though
I didn't uh, oh I see all of those are in a very beginning before the uh, alvabete
But like the first bit is uh
A clone again
I think this might be safe
Yeah, and then you got a dance balloons and now a typical day at the Sylvester's the lone household
Yeah, there'd be an interesting exercise. We'll do that in the one or two hour
Save my voice my scratchy throw a little bit
And then we can to hear some stuff probably we haven't heard for a long time or least a little bit of it anyway
Oh
I think body augmentation we can still play right all of these things
There's nothing in there right
I don't know I don't know any more
I see now you're really getting a little carried away now you sound like joy. Yeah over there in Naples
Now this is the joyless one
Hey, Joy, I got news for you. You know about radio
You can put in the thimble to have room for uh Josh Friedman's ass left over anyway. We can't say that
No, yeah, yeah, no, she's got a point if anything's I've seen it's Josh Friedman's ass
Anyway, wait till you're this. This is obscene.
State and city officials said yesterday that they were never told that terrorists suspected
entered Boston on liquid natural gas tankers coming into the harbor which a former White
House counter-terrorism chief has said led to high-level concerns about an attack on Boston
following the night-loving terrorist attacks. They were never told.
They said if they would have blown one of those up, they could have blown a hold downtown
area Boston off the map. Just big crater.
No more fanny will haul. No more Quincy market. No more Paul Revere's house.
Mayor Thomas Manino, U.S. Representative Ed Markey and Governor Mitt Romney's Public
Safety Secretary Ed Flynn all said they've contacted federal authorities to get a full
accounting of what U.S. officials know about threats to boats that enter Boston Harbor
carrying liquefied natural gas. Each of them said they had heard nothing definitive
from the Department of Homeland Security, the Transportation Department of the Coast Guard
by yesterday afternoon. They're still waiting.
Manino, who's long argued that liquefied natural gas shipments represent a serious threat
to Boston area residents, said the federal government aired and not passing on the information
to local authorities. Not another mistake by the federal government.
Oh. I just think somebody dropped the ball to Mayor said that a terrorism preparedness
form held at Fenway Park yesterday on the LNG tankers nobody ever informed us. They
didn't tell him nothing. The information about terrorist suspects using gas tankers to
whether the company was disclosed by Richard Clark. In his book published this week he wrote
that I'll cut operatives, head entered Boston on natural gas tankers by porting them in
Algeria and said top federal officials were concerned about Boston Harbor being a target
on the morning of 9-11 shortly after the Pentagon, a world trade center were attacked with
airliners. But nobody bothered telling the people in Boston, the Mayor, the Governor
of Massachusetts, all of these things. I just mentioned that. I don't want to say that
your government is lax and loosen they talk good game after the fact. I don't want to say
that but that's what I'm saying.
How about your QA? Hello. Hey Neil how you doing Pally? Pretty good Pally. Good. I got one
for your poll. The crook the biggest crook in the lay at the abbers. Who is it? He ruined my life.
Yeah well I'm sorry about that and so did Mitch Hershroom my time. I'm sorry but we're
not putting him on there. Nobody had that. Sorry people got ripped off on the world. How
do that come along? Hello you did. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh I'm Neil. You know there
was this woman, Christine O'Donnell. She's a real religionist. She was on one of the news
programs yesterday. She was saying how refreshing it was to be in the Middle East away from
the smut here. Right. So it goes back. You know the old violence is good and you know any
kind of sexual words or picture. Right. That's right. Not bad. Now you got it. It's such
an incantation and this was a young woman in our 30s. And thank every house of Rome is
opening up a new chain of stores in the Middle East called Assassins Are Us. I think it's
going to be a big hit. What is the only thing people have to know about Bush is that he
still has vetoed all the any money to the first responders as far as communications and
protective gear. So I mean still not prepared. I mean where is prepared? We're too worried
about taking over space man. We got worried about the platform of space to attack all the
people. I remember the little kid we used to hide under a desk to prepare for a nuclear attack
or a nuclear attack. Right. And we're about just the same today. If anything was to happen.
I mean so just have a big desk. Good luck you pal. See you on the flow. 5670560.560 on the
AT&T in Verizon wireless. Wine. Oh that was disgusting. One at gross. Of course. Right.
Of course and disgusting and nasty and vulgar like old Leon Sal. What a burden. Was there
in Highland Beach. All the old cockers all the time. Man what a waste of precious space
and beach and sunshine and things that could really be good. Florida could it could be
paradise. Absolutely. Except for people like you. Mo. Mizrow old nasty old coots. You
mo. WQM. Hello. Q. I.M. With a big echo on it. I guess their phone is the messed up. WQM. Hello.
Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. You know regarding your polls today and requirement to be charged.
You think about it. Those freedoms have already been taken away now. You know so I don't know
why you have that requirement. I mean they can just say you're a carer and send you to Guantanamo.
Which is probably where they'll send Richard Claw for one o'clock today. I doubt it.
He'll be there right on your 52nd screen man. One 30 to 7 noon between one on one 30.
I have such a fantastic line but I just can't say it. No. Can't say you don't even know what it is.
Has to do with your mind. Richard Clark. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 TNT of rise line WQM. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir. Hey how you doing? Pretty good. I just wanted to direct your attention to
an article on freepress.org. About a guy named
A.C. and Gibbs. And he invented the true vote system. Right. You know what that is? No.
It's a voting machines with paper trails. Okay. And he just died this week in a suspicious
phone called car accident. Oh no. Yeah. So there you go. That sounds like those guys who
you know try to mess with the oil who are inventing all those alternative kinds of cars,
the electric car and hydrogen cars. Some of them people met in evil faith too. And Lockwood also.
See the deal is either they'll pay you off to go away or if they figure you're just going to
be stubborn and not go away they'll just make it offer you can't refuse. Right. I said lockwood.
I meant silkwood from the age. Right. So anyway I think you'll find that very interesting and it's
you know nothing shocking. You know what I mean? It's it's same old stuff. Not anymore.
Trying to America man. Thanks a lot. I'll look it up. You got it. See you.
Freepress.org. Got it. I wrote it down. Got it. Speaking of websites that stopFCC.com the good
news is that I and I don't know nor do I really care. It's not only important whether it's
rush or whether it's howard or somebody will feel anybody. Oh I doubt feel because it feels
like well you see the problem is most people aren't clear. Channel is sub powered. That's why
Howard's got these should really be gone gangbusters on this maybe is but I doubt it.
But the stopFCC.com thing is really taking off and you can see it by the
gigantic number of signatures like California has zoomed in the first place I had at Texas
and we're still third but you know well and again I'm not going to brow beat the people because
we've done pretty well in Florida. 10,860 people in Florida 12 610 in Texas 13,000 5 in California
but the total is what's impressing me it's up to 86,562 and you can see in the various states even
New York is like starting to move up big times so people are finding out about this website.
People who really do want to make their own choices who are sick and tired of all the censorship.
See this is what's going on now and again I keep trying to explain it to you people in a lot of
if you don't care that's fine I can't make you care but they're just making things up as they go
along and this idea it's like being back in kindergarten again oh a teacher can I say this today
can I say this word what we've been saying it for 20 or 30 years and not anymore no sir you can't
say it go junior can't do that it's scary and where the hell do you draw the line and who are the
people who will draw the line in the sand I don't other than infinity with all their resources I
don't know of anybody. Sri Lanka to be these people no chance not when they got that weak need
joy over there who they found on the street corner up pedaling newspapers oh god so anyway it's
starting to move up last five people to sign a petition look at that somebody in Chicago
Illinois Maple Grove Minnesota port something to rather California Stevenson Ranch California and
Seattle Washington something's happened in big with this thing out on a west coast which is great
well it's good in fact you know if it went on big well I still think we'd like to do the newspaper
anything it's a good idea because by the end of the week I guess Scotch had be up to about a
hundred thousand signatures on here but we just it just don't have that much time to keep banging
and pushing and pleading and hoping and the praying that somebody finds out about it
what we really would need was somebody to go on national TV I know they have a lot of time
to put a lot of crap on there a lot of garbage a lot of puff pieces wouldn't that be something
if they did just like 30 seconds out of how many yeah how about a paid TV spot well we don't have
the money for that no not underneath like maybe like a real network or like on CNN we don't we
haven't got the cash for that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line QA
hello yeah I'm calling Dr. Neil speaking yeah Neil listen uh or let you know about a website I run
across the other day it's called deepbole8.com yeah or deepbole8bush.com I'm sorry but it's
uh those they'll send you a bumper sticker it says deepbole8bush which I think is great that's
but same time I was listening to uh one oh two point seven this morning and they had this
Jill Dane or whatever name on the psyche the great Dan Mickey Dane now is Jill I think
her son her daughter probably her daughter yeah and she was saying something and this is the scary part
is that Bush is going to be reelected oh that can missus me okay thanks for the good news Jill
Bush is going to get reelected right no point going to ball oh let's call off the election
what you say oh come on she's
man it is a scary innit I mean if Jill Dane was on magic one oh two point seven this morning
between playing the uh build me a buttercup by the foundations and the small very mandal
I mean uh what's not to like right right so I guess we can just forget about it any of you people
that were going to vote this November and thought that there was going to be a presidential election
and then maybe there was a chance of making a uh difference the good about it right that's our best
advice corin do what Jill Dane hey spring into savings right now and save like never before on a great
new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead you'll find them on us one just 20 easy minutes
south of the yol 836 Armstrong's Toyota Homestead's worth a drive because they're going to save you
so much cash thousands and zillions and cajillions on great new Toyota's check out these great
leestials waiting for you right now and oh four camera your four wonder for just 269 bucks a month
for 48 months how about an oh four highlander just 309 a month need a truck how about an oh four
Toyota a hundred the safest truck in America you pay only 179 a month for 48 months these are just
some of the amazing savings waiting for you right as I speak at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
and now those toll increases on the turnpike for people using cash Armstrong's will give you a
free sun pass when you buy a new car truck from their joint general manager David Richett is
staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today so for yourself do a big
favor okay for your father for your father too experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead
difference locally owned and operated they're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction
their service department is even open late to late weeknights to make sure that they get your
service work done and done to perfection you find them at us once one two ninety third in homestead
just 20 minutes out of the eight thirty six do yourself a humongous favor don't waste your time
at those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to over promise and under deliver and then
get you to their dealership under some phony pretense called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota
Homestead for the best deal in town 305 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 4 3 7 3 0 5 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 4
2 7 travel little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
this is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M
absolute
this
this
Freedom's name is very I-H-E-S.
Freedom's name is very I-H-E-S.
When you hear this, you better strap yourself in.
A lot of strap-in going on these days.
Strap it.
All right.
This is from the world-flaiming, I mean, a famous fudge report.
So it might be true.
Wait till you hear this.
Okay.
All the way to bed, you can't look in your speaker and see this picture right now.
Hold it up to it.
Okay, you see it?
Oh, look at that.
It's Simon Cowell.
Now, in the first image on the right, he's holding up...
You know how sometimes you're sitting at a desk and you hold up your head with one finger?
Okay.
Now, a picture on the right, he's got his index finger on the side of his head.
But then there's another picture on the left of this where he's holding up a different finger.
I'll do this on his cheek.
Huh?
I'll do that sometimes.
Oh, yeah, everybody does that.
But, yeah.
In the present climate, it may not have been so good of an idea.
American Idol producers debate Simon one-finger salute Fox executives question on air gesture.
Oh-oh.
Are you ready?
Are you ready for this?
Now, even so-called Imagine gestures.
The nation's top TV show is at the center of a fresh, decency debate.
After American Idol's ad Simon Cowell gestured a one-finger salute during tooth and
its broadcast from Hollywood.
The obscene gesture came during a heated exchange with fellow judge Paula Abdul.
Cowell held his middle finger to his cheek as Abdul railed against comments made about a contestant.
The image came close to being cut at topics as Fox executive tells the Fudge Report.
We're not sure he was doing what he was doing quite frankly, the source said.
It appeared he was simply resting his head on his middle finger.
But I now think we made a mistake that gestures should not have aired.
The top Fox sources flipping the middle finger would not conform to the network's decency standards.
Idol producers who asked Kyle to refrain from using the provocative pose in the future, Fox airs Idol with a slight broadcast delay, live in each student several times zones.
But with a delay.
But when in doubt they didn't f*** it out.
It's not so simple Simon.
Well guess what?
Guess what finger I'm holding up folks down.
You can only guess.
I'm holding up both of them.
Yeah, well, I'm holding up all of them.
Can't say anything anymore.
At least I can hold up whatever finger I want to.
And I'm not even holding up my head with them either.
I'm just sticking them right up in here.
Here you go.
Oh, raspberries.
Well, see you know it's a raspberry when you hold your finger up.
Not to be confused with excretory activity.
I mean, seriously, this has reached a point of mass insanity.
It's lunacy.
And to be wasting my time talking to a couple of overgrown children who mean well,
but are just about as qualified as my little dog would have been to be a, you know, we need a wartime consoliary.
We need somebody to go to back for those of us in the industry who love to maintain some semblance of credibility and some kind of a program,
talking to adult, not three-year-old children in sandbox.
Do we have that?
No.
Are we ever going to have that?
No.
And where's our fearless leader by the way in the middle of all this?
I don't know.
Where's the man who always, when the tough gets, what's that old saying?
When the going gets tough, Greg gets going too.
Like out of town.
Greg hates you.
Yeah.
He gets going as fast as he can in the other direction.
Like when we first went on the air and it's got for second station.
And he took the whole family to jamming and to play with him off to Chicago.
Because he knew that technically there was about as much chance of us having a successful debut.
And we still didn't inspire you.
How do you like that, Greg?
In spite of you running away like a child.
But, you know, just powerhead tomorrow is the 2050.
You know what that means?
Yeah, you're payday.
Payday.
Just keep that in mind.
Keep thinking about that.
Payday.
And we, from the raw, trend day.
Arbitrins.
December, January and February.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
So now we have obscene gestures that are unacceptable even on the anxious Fox.
Wow.
Come in a QA and hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you need Jenko, man.
That's right.
Look what we got.
That's right.
Pophead, Jenko.
Look what I got.
And look what we got.
Any closing.
Hello, QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on, buddy?
How you doing, pal?
Hey, first I just want to say that that clip you have a run spell on your website, Lyon,
and getting caught Lyon, that is the best.
Right.
I had to watch that like two or three times.
Three or three times.
You have a beauty, yeah.
I love that.
But anyway, the whole thing is about a control, like you said.
I mean, millions of jobs, lots, all this stuff.
And we're worried about it, just like you read, you know, if Simon, whatever his name is,
that he flipped over, this and that.
I mean, don't we have anything else to worry about?
I mean, this is so pathetic.
It's so amazing.
You think that the world was just paradise.
Everything was perfect except for a few potty mouth people, and people don't want to flip the bird on TV.
I mean, it just makes you so weak you want to just roll into a quarter and roll up into a ball.
And I mean, we can't, I don't know what Howard's been talking about.
But if he's not doing more about this, like you said, I mean, this guy makes so much money.
And I mean, this is his livelihood too.
And it's like he just, I don't know what he's doing about it.
His problem is that he thinks that he's the center of the universe.
He's the only one on here in broadcasting.
It all revolves around him.
I mean, if he is doing something really good besides just putting a link on one of his 80,000 websites to stop at CC.com,
if he's doing something good, then I retract what I just said and more power to him.
I wish he would, but I don't think he is.
I don't know how to get that feeling.
I had an idea for a poll.
How about which one of meals, beds or and or noises are you going to miss the most?
Excellent.
All right, buddy.
Thanks a lot.
The only problem with that is how, how do I, well, I can do it.
I mean, we did the thing with the words we can't say anymore.
I found a way to do that.
Although I discover that we can't, I don't even know how to say it.
Nope.
Well, let me just say this to you.
Okay, I'll try to describe it.
The latest thing I inquired about and I'm not inquiring no more because every time I ask it,
oh, no, you can't do that.
Now, you know that we can't say, we can't say that.
We can't even say, hey, I think that was fairly clever.
Okay, I got it.
In other words, if you take the two words, the two syllables, they're a,
cool, and then a,
Sam, I'm getting confused now.
I'm still fell into a bucket there.
Can't do it.
Even though it doesn't mean anything, it just, it means nothing.
Oh, can't do that.
Can't mention the rock group or the thing you did.
Right.
So this whole concept of freedom of speech, I don't care what some old cocker and highland beaches write in a sunsendle.
Uh, Mr. you better get a brain, okay?
You think that, you think that the people would understand when they start burning books and banning and censoring,
you think they'd understand what that's all about?
He's, he hear the damn boots.
Maybe as he's not his hearing aid turned up loud enough for his paper to feel the shaking of the boots on the ground.
They love the smell of burning books in the morning.
Is that what it is?
Smells like victory.
Yeah, is that what it is?
Makes me feel again like a walking lampshade.
Every time I look around, see what's going on right now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I had a terrible radio accident last night.
Oh.
Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
Completely because lost whatever shreds.
Right.
He's a total sellout.
He's become a right winged shill now.
Yesterday, he's saying to his audience whatever's left of it that Richard Clark was lying,
not because he had any specific evidence or any specific allegations.
But Phil said he can tell that he's lying because you can just tell from the way he talks.
I see.
It was just so pathetic.
Yeah.
What's happened?
Well, anyway, I hear what's happened is that he's got no credibility.
He sold out his soul to the Clear Channel and right wing propaganda machine.
And why anybody would even waste their time listening to him anymore?
I have no idea.
He's not even a shadow of what he used to be.
He's just a total sellout.
What is he?
All right.
Thank you.
Maybe that's why he ballooned up to 300 pounds.
Maybe he's having a conscience problem.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
Thanks for the bad news.
It's really sad.
Just like man, how he's suing that guy that's all over his ass.
But you know something that'll teach you to suck up to the right wingers, man.
They'll teach you to hop in bed with all the right winged goop balls.
Yeah, I almost said it.
I know.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Muffin, Clarence, and all your other goody two shoes people
with your born again new word religion.
But the fact is that when you speak, people have a way of speaking every day.
When you do it day after day, week after week, year after year.
This is just the way you speak.
It's not a desire to be shocking.
There's nothing shocking anymore.
It's called English.
But all these millions of people want to see that movie to pass to the Christ on that balloon.
And so Mel Gibson can make 250 million dollars in all the blood and the guts and the whipping and lashing and violence.
And it's going to be shocking because somebody says,
a bag on the air.
Come on.
Give me a break.
Get a life.
Get a brain.
I have no life.
Oh,
from it.
It's after I tell you who has no life for sure.
And that's Todd Dreck.
This man, I am serious.
He won't have all the other stuff that's going on.
I can handle it.
I go with a flow.
But this guy just makes me wild because he absolutely positively.
Absolutely.
He won't do it.
He just won't do nothing.
So here's the guy that's overpaid and underworked.
I mean, big time.
He won't lift a finger.
Even just like Simon Cowell.
He won't even lift that finger.
He probably is right now.
Back at you, by the way, Todd.
You idiot.
But if you're quite to the contrary, the other way around, underpaid and overworked.
If you're not making peanuts, here's the answer for you.
You've got to get some smarts.
And if you don't have the education that you need, but you don't have four years to waste on college,
the money that it takes to do it, here's the way you can.
Call a fast train.
And get some skills.
Call tool for E-1-866-FASTRAN.
Because these people can have your train and certified for a great, high-paying computer network professional career.
And they can do it in just four short months.
Count them if you can.
You can be fully trained already for that new career in the by-bid-lawed July, by August, whatever August though.
Fast train offers day-even weekend classes to fit around your schedule too.
Fast train offers job placement assistance, financial aid for people who qualify.
And with seven convenient Florida locations to Syria, there's bound to be one convenient for where you live.
So if you're sick and tired of working for nothing, I've not had much of a life.
If every day you wake up in the mirror and think to yourself, I have no life.
Change it.
Do something about it.
Because in just four short months you can be on your way to a new high-paying career thanks to the good folks at FastRAN.
What's not to like?
Check them out on the web at fastrAN.com and then make that easy call that could be one of the most important calls you'll ever make.
Talk to our main man over there, whoever that is.
Why is everybody most main man?
You've ever heard me do that?
No, I'm main man.
Even I don't have that many main men.
I wish I did though.
Call toll free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Slide in local.
Here's sports video 5-60-CU-A-M.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe and mother is my dear Amplow.
It is very plain to see my first cousin is me.
From 18 to 5-60, that's where our good friends up in the tree over there in April's including Joy or real Joy.
Not.
I don't even know who she is.
Already I just despise her.
I just find my just revolting in grotesque feelings going through my body thinking about that bitch.
But anyway, I'm a great day, Joy.
And that bit we just played, you realize why we can't play that no more.
No, why?
It's about incest.
That wasn't on the list.
Well, I just added it.
I say.
Well, if you ask about it tomorrow, they'll say, oh, you kept my hand off.
Interesting.
Huh?
That's a good plan not to ask any more questions.
Don't ask.
I'm not asking anymore.
But in fact, if Duff and Clarence come in any more in the morning before the show, I'll just...
No, this list.
I'll just...
Nature will be calling.
I'll have to go out and take a gigantic Howard David.
No, say I'll talk English.
I can.
Bomb found on France Rail Line.
A French train employee on Wednesday found an explosive device buried in the bed of a railway line heading from France to Switzerland.
The interior ministry said from France to Spites.
I just let's see in it.
Bomb disposal experts neutralized the device which was half buried under a track in the village of Monterey, Monterey.
On a train line heading from Paris to Basel, Switzerland, the ministry said in a statement.
Is that Basel or Basel Rathbone?
It was discovered shortly after noon today, French time, six o'clock this morning, our time.
There was no immediate family responsibility.
The discovery came to weeks after a series of bombings of commuter rail facilities in Madrid.
The kill 190 and sent Europe to a heightened terrorist alert.
My best advice to people are going to be traveling to Europe this summer is don't ride the trains.
I know the trains are great.
A lot of people want to hop on the train.
Amsterdam, go to Cologne or route of Paris.
Don't do it.
Follow my drift.
I mean, that's just my own opinion.
I'm not telling you what to do.
It's just my own personal opinion.
Travel tip.
A little travel tip.
No extra charge for your friends at QA.
If you think about going to France and maybe going from Toulouse to a lot track or whether stay off the tracks.
Oh, God about it.
That's exactly right.
Well said, Mo.
See, I know he's good for something.
What's the deal with him and Joe Rosa?
Are they really a foaming at the mouth again?
What do you mean?
You think it's fake?
No, no, no.
I don't mean it's fake at all.
But I mean, there just seems to be a rekindling every now and then just to a fever pitch between those two.
I thought that Mo and I had the great hate.
And believe me, it wasn't fake.
It isn't now.
There's a long line in front of you.
Well, excuse me.
A Muslim chaplain once suspected of being part of an espionage ring of the Guantanamo Bay Prison has been found guilty of two minor charges.
Prompting his lawyer to call him the victim of a drive by act of legal violence.
That's an interesting term, ain't it?
I like it.
Captain James Yee, 35, has issued a reprimand Monday during article 15, preceding used by the Army to settle minor disciplinary issues.
In such proceedings, a finely of guilt has not result in a criminal conviction.
The commanding officer at the Guantanamo Bay Base Major General Jeffrey Miller found he guilty of two violations of military law, adultery, and improperly downloading pornography onto an Army computer.
Miller had the option of imposing 30 days arrest.
In quarters, 60 days on restriction in loss of a half a month's pay for maximum of two months, he should only a reprimand. Yee said he'll appeal.
His attorney Eugene Fidel said he believes Yee's Muslim faith led authorities to improperly suspect him calling Yee a victim of an incredible drive by act of legal violence.
Yee of Chinese descent converted to Islam from Christianity 91.
After his military studies at West Point, he left the Army for Syria, where he received religious training returned to the West Military soon after.
He spent 76 days in custody after the militia.
The military initially linked him to a possible espionage ring at Gitmo in Cuba, but the government failed to build a capital espionage case against him.
He was eventually charged with a mishandling classified material, failing to obey an order, making a false official statement, and adultery and conduct become an officer could have faced 14 years of care.
In other words, they're going to stick it to him, as best they can.
If we can't catch on this, look at you on something else.
Nice.
How's that pool coming? I kind of forgot about that.
I'm busy looking at that stopfcc.com thing.
And it would be nice to get to 11,000 because you folks, because I'm not prodding the South Florida audience.
You know, I know a lot of you have done your part and that's great in sign the petition, but a lot of you haven't, because you're lazy and because you're shiflas, and because you're a scared, because you won't do a damn thing.
I think it's time lunchtime right now. It's a good time to take a few seconds. All of the L have taken 30 seconds.
Click on stopfcc.com and sign that petition if you value freedom of speech.
If you're sick and tired of losing your favorite programs and your program, the programs that you do like that are still on being watered down.
So that we can't say squat.
Not only can't we say squat, we can't even do it.
86,942. We're going to go to 87,000 and very shortly is the total.
The Florida lags behind there 10,905. Kind of turning it away. Week third right now.
And we need 91 more for 11,000. We should be able to do that, shouldn't we?
Easy. 90, 95 more for 11,000.
Between now and two o'clock, I don't want to press it too much because it gets really ponderous.
And I just, you know, you just get tired of it. I'm pushing and begging and pleading.
There should be no problem at all as soon as anybody on here says, hey, get on that thing and let's help cut this crap.
There should be a thousand of people on there. Doesn't happen though.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Thank you, I am.
Yes, sir.
Neil, when I signed up on the petition there was stopFCC.com and it's right that you know you did buy something on your email.
Yeah.
So if it doesn't come back on the email, that means it didn't happen.
No, no, yeah.
Yeah, it's just a technical thing. They all go through.
Yeah, they all go through. Yes, sir.
Okay, I just wanted to make sure that it's a final time. Thank you.
Thanks a lot. He did several times. Good.
Vote early and often.
See, I don't want to go into the thing about spam folders and filters and this and that because it's too complex for my nimble mind, okay?
Because I was concerned about that too in the beginning because in the very start of this thing, I thought, oh, gee, we're not going to get hooked into something that turns out to be a phony baloney deal like Catherine Harris's dead or something like that.
And by the way, speaking of Catherine Harris and that whole deal, it's just amazing to me the kind of sputum that winds up on the internet.
If you do a search on the aron jr. you'll find out how many stories about third man.
Oh, check your facts on the aron jr. and none of them is even close to relating what really happened that day.
First of all, I didn't find that story online. Somebody intentionally faxed it to us. I can't even imagine who that was.
And, you know, and of course, I did look for independent verification. I checked all the other websites.
I mentioned that on the year that they couldn't find it on CNN. The network affiliate website couldn't find it anywhere.
So it was very dubious. But I did read it. And of course, having known that Jim Bush was here in Toronto that weekend for a couple of days to do that only knows what.
And that maybe Catherine Harris might have had come up here. It was kind of a juicy, interesting thing.
Within a couple of minutes, somebody called and said, well, if she's dead, she's doing a good impersonation and being alive because she's being interviewed live on C-SPAN right now.
Within a couple of minutes. So it was corrected. There was no problem at all. It was kind of amusing if you asked me.
Oh, check your fax rogers. And he ought to be fired for this. Well, guess what?
I think that the cock robin is dead now too. How do you like that? I don't have any independent verification of that. But that's my own opinion.
Should I write that?
Of course not. Are you crazy? It's on the list.
It's a name. Okay.
I certainly hope you're not just checking serious.
26 past noon at 560 WQM. Hey, listen, I never know. I understand the way things are going now. You never really know.
Let's get another lecture tomorrow from a duck.
Oh, but I mean, but I'm going to do this. You didn't do that. It's your responsibility. Hey, duck, get lost. Go to lunch.
Oh, that's seriously. Go do something productive. Go get lunch with clearance.
And the two of you can sit there and ring your hands together or maybe just hold hands would be good.
If you're bringing your hands because your carpets are kind of nasty shape right now, do yourself a big favor.
Forget about going through the yellow pages, hoping you can find somebody that'll make them look really good.
Forget about going to the store and slipper home a bunch of heavy equipment and making a mess on your flow.
Do the smart thing that I've been doing in my home is for over 20 years.
Quality experts, the best in the business of dry concepts. They are simply the best in the world at bringing back all kinds of carpeting to life making them look just like brand new.
Also area rugs, your draper, your upholstery, all of these things. Like I said,
all of these things. Their train technicians will drive clean your carpets. Same concept as used to drive clean your clothing.
And when they finish, it'll be like a miracle was just performed on your flow.
You'll step back and take a look around and say, Hey, if I wouldn't have known it myself, I think somebody came in sneak the middle of the night and put brand new carpeting down on my floor.
Would dry concepts, your carpets smell lemony fresh. They're looking smell just like brand new and they're dry in a couple of hours.
So you can clean today and literally entertain the night. Call today. And when you do, be sure to ask about being put on their stand by list,
which will save you next to 15% on your next carpet cleaning from dry concepts. And don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price when they come in.
They look around. If you're going to how much it's going to cost, give you a written guaranteed price as opposed to all the tack on and add on.
The carpet cleaning companies are famous for. Call them today. They'll never let you down. Call tool free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the wicked web at dryconcepts.com.
My, I'm Lord, this is Fort Real by City. You ain't too way there.
Tonight, on Fox, it's Cox, American Idol Evisions.
I'm Officer Simon Cowell. Right now we're responding to the salt battery call. We're looking for a suspect named Corey Cox.
Oh, there he is. Corey Clark, hold it right there. You're under arrest for hitting your sister and for hitting a few sour notes.
They were? You have the right to remain silent based on your last performance. I only wish you'd exercise that one more often. It was awful.
You have the right to consult an attorney or in your case a vocal coach. But I can afford a lawyer. Well then an attorney will be appointed for you.
Perhaps Jared Andrews or Chines could recommend someone. It's Cox, American Idol Edition. Join us next week.
When Officer Cowell gets a new partner, Officer Randy Jackson. Could you possibly hit more down that poor dog?
Good, dude. I want broke disgusting. Absolutely disgusting.
By the way, put that finger down now.
1232 at 560 WQM. How many votes we got on that pool? 600 and some auto psych to 8 724.
724. Which of these people would you most likely go to jail?
Kenny Lay 215. Rush Limbaugh 183. Michael Jackson 172. And after that, it's strictly a three-hoss race.
After that, Martha Stewart 45. Jason Williams 45. Kobe Bryant 28. Robert Blake 17. Robert Novak 10. Phil Spector 5. And Todd Bertuzzi 4. Out of 724.
Here's the fact that says I can't believe my ears. But I just heard someone asking questions on the 9-11 inquiry referring to Condi Rice and then Miss Rice.
Thank the Lord of the Gainswing went back to Dr. Rice. Thank goodness for that. Otherwise, don't mess around with Condi Lisa.
Okay. As we learned here at QAM about a year and a half ago, don't be messing around with Condi Lisa.
We're going to make you know for you can't refuse.
This is cute. Well, you just fact me.
Yes.
Susie in Weston says this may be the smartest county in the USA in Oregon. In a new twist in the battle over same sex marriage rolling across the US.
A county in Oregon is banned all marriages gay and had a recession until the state decides who and coo cannot wed.
All right. Probably doing a big favor for a lot of people.
The last marriage licenses were handed out in Benton County at 4 p.m. local time yesterday.
As of today, officials in the county of 79,000 people begin telling couples applying for licenses to go elsewhere until the gay marriage debate is settled.
You want to get married? Go someplace else.
It may seem odd Benton County Commissioner Linda Madrell told Reuters in a telephone review, but we need to treat everyone in our county equally.
State Attorney General Hardy Meyer said in the statement that he was very pleased with Benton County's decision.
It is my sincere hope that the legal process will provide clarity for each of Erdogan's counties.
The three county commissioners had originally decided to start handing out gay marriage licenses this week, but on Monday reversed that decision amid a growing firestorm of lawsuits across the country and decided instead to put a temporary halt to all marriages.
Rebecca Cassel spoke to women for basic rights, Oregon, a pro gay marriage group pulled writers.
It is certainly a different way for county commissioners to respect their constitutional obligation to apply the law equally to everyone.
We appreciate that they are willing to say that they are not going to participate in discrimination.
Nice going, Oregon. How do you like that?
Pretty interesting. Do you think?
Might have to move them.
Now, they might have to move them pretty soon in the way things are going.
Let's take a look and see how Florida is responding.
10,928 people have signed stopfcc.com, which leaves 72 for the 11,000 number.
We can do it easily between now and two, can we?
Easily.
What threat do we need to make today?
Thank you, Robert and Wilde Manners, by the way, and butch up a little bit, Bobby.
Thanks to Robert and Wilde Manners, who have signed.
California, New Jersey, California, Maryland.
There are obviously some people on the earth or somewhere promoting this and I'm ecstatic to see that.
Oh!
Oh!
Wouldn't it be great if we could give like one ad on TV? Just 30 seconds. That's all.
About 30, man.
Where would you put it? Just out of curiosity.
Where would I put it?
Where would you want to put it?
Maybe on crossfire.
I'm talking about on cable, not on network TV.
Right, no.
Crossfire?
We just can't afford that. We'll never raise that much funer.
I have no idea how much that would cost but it would be prohibitive, I believe.
Don't you think?
Lots.
Plus do you think CNN would irritate?
No, probably not.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy. How you doing? Finally glad to get through.
Listen, I thought it was great. I served your show on Monday and not only I was going to call you to see if you listened to 60 minutes.
You were playing 60 minutes.
Right.
I thought that was great. It was real nice to hear the Bush people mumble and fumble their whole way through trying to figure out who was right and who was wrong.
The bottom line is the guy is a registered Republican.
Right.
There's enough that cheats anybody. There's enough of lie.
They just can't handle the solid grapes. It's just like they did before.
Anytime someone leaves, they got a throw-munder the train and make them look as bad as possible even though they're just telling the truth.
And when we find out today that they forced him to delay the release of the book for three months, it goes to show that the timing of the release had nothing to do with the election campaign.
Yeah, I mean, this guy, President Bush, I mean, what is this the biggest criminal that we have ever seen run across the office of the President?
You know, when I remember a couple of weeks ago, Kerry got caught in Chicago making those comments and he didn't realize the mic was off.
Oh, yeah. But he was a pro.
He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He was a pro. He
.</p><p><an1 versatileacaksn Tuesday favorable end.</p><automated yol yeah.</p>< spiritually.]</p>< absorbed into rational set of critical talk
Tralia Botan transfer. Tralia Botan comes in and a jackfruit like me. I talk with to somewhere. I talk with her and she's like, okay, good. I plot an invention
I swear to God secret true sweet truth... the  hacked after herself viktigt it to me ...
people shouldn't understand what you're saying.
That's the key.
As long as they don't have any idea which is how to do it.
Oh, it's quite ruffle on time.
They knew that way you really met by that.
Okay, well how about them?
It's they up your nose.
Huh?
Okay.
I don't pick lightened and W. W for that matter.
Do you really?
Sure.
I guess I better, I better study it.
Okay, so, uh, Luxicon.
In fact, maybe I'll study it between now and two o'clock.
Listen, I'm trying to say I'm doing a mega-diffusing job.
I'm really patting myself on the back because, uh, not a little strappy through it.
Now some, huh?
That magnificent job wasn't yesterday.
What do you mean by that?
Let that potty word get on in the air.
Got us all in trouble.
Are you going to start?
You see, this is the problem with you is that you're relentless.
Let me give you three words, okay?
Let it go.
All right?
Now you have this bug up your ass with, with muff because she comes in there and gives
you a, a scolding and a, look, he's got to do something, okay?
To make him feel like a little muscle.
You know, oh, look at his up doing something.
Greg, did you see that?
I went in there and I let him have it, Greg.
He's got to do something.
He justifies existence on a planet.
He's, he's okay.
He's a good guy.
Something.
He means well.
He just needs, like I said, to justify his being in the building and actually take it
to paycheck.
And of course, clearance, well, that goes without saying.
He discovered all of a sudden that sports was, uh, that was only the beginning.
And I'm really curious.
I'm wondering if the other people on that radio station, the sports nerds, and I don't
say that's our cashier.
I mean, remember the guy that called you, the, you called your med is a sports nerd, yeah?
Believe me, he's been called a lot worse than that.
I love the med dog.
Great guy.
Sometimes full of crap, but he's a good guy.
But I wonder if they're experiencing the same diffugal diseases we are with all of us
to study.
You know what I mean?
Are they also being given the same list?
Because believe you me, believe you me, some of our colleagues use words that, uh, we
don't use an issue and never have.
And I think, uh, for example, the G, I don't even, I didn't even get a clarification
of whether we can say GD.
We certainly can't say what it stands for.
But, uh, well, how about G?
No, good.
Yeah, without the needle.
Or not, I didn't say it right.
Did I?
Nope.
Oh, wait a minute.
How about can we say?
No, good.
No.
Dang.
Can't even say gosh dang.
Goal.
Better not.
So like I said, let it go and just, uh, move on with the show.
Okay.
20 till one at five, 60 W.A.M.
Richard Clark's going to be testifying me for the 9-11 commission shortly in the one o'clock
hour.
We'll put on some of it.
And depending on how interesting it is, we may put on a lot of it.
That'd be a good way to say my voice, right?
Sure.
Good point.
What do you ask to say?
How are we going to put Sandy Berger on now?
Please, sir.
It was not your, it was not your description.
Oh, okay.
Sandy never stole a freight train.
He's a good guy.
But, uh, yeah, Richard Clark is a little bit more timely.
The book is excellent, by the way, right about the first several pages.
I'm off to a good start.
Unlike a Paulo Neal book, which is important, but I don't know.
Paulo Neal, the book is kind of like he is, you know, a little wimpy and all over the
place.
I've been telling you folks for years that when you need new mattress and they don't
last forever, the easy way to get you a great deal is to call 1-800 macros for our
friends at dollar mattress because these folks back up everything they say and they're
advertising 100%.
Their competitors still lie like crazy.
When you see a big macros head making outrageous claims, please, please read the fine print because
there's lots of lies out there, lots of BS.
Can we say that?
Lots of f***s.
Here's an example.
The ad screams half off, but this only applies to a limited selection of items that you
would never choose.
Everything else is full price.
And they probably double the regular price first anyway.
And you'll probably never be able to make a first-stage if you don't like it.
Dialometris, their ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no lies.
When you call 1-800 macros, you'll see that the prices are always solo.
The other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete to be the same ballpark.
Dialometris gives you a no-risk 30-day comfort exchange policy on all vids including yours.
And don't forget when you call dialometris at 1-800 macros, you're getting company ranked
number one and overall customer satisfaction, too, from candle to steward, Palm Beach to
Ford Myers, even Naples.
Joy.
Dialometris reminds you to read the fine print because they much you'd know what you're
buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what you'd be waiting for, do what I've been doing for years now, when the old macros
is bumpy and lumpy and worn out, you're not going to be in a good night's sleep, make
that one simple call.
Just sit there and wait, they'll be knocking on your door just when they say they will.
Call 1-800-Macros or log on to macros.com.
Dialometris 1-800-MATTRES, the honest way to buy a bed.
And look all, this is 4356-MATTRES.
For people who try and enrich themselves on the suffering of others, to tantalize,
to blind, the lame, the dying, the afflicted, the terminal ill, to dangle hope before parents
of a severely afflicted child is an indescribably cruel thing to do.
And to do it in the name of God, to do it in the name of religion I think is unforgettable.
But that's not all, when you order the best of Dr. Phil, you'll get hundreds of piffy
and peculiar sayings like these.
The farmer wouldn't need a tractor if the ox ran on diesel.
Plus, if you treat your marriage like a turkey ranch, you better keep your eye on the
giblets.
If you enjoy getting advice that's both down home and down right confusing, get the best
of Dr. Phil.
Hi, I'm Dr. Phil McGraw.
And before you order, think about this.
If you're sitting on a stool that's too high, you ain't never going to reach the other.
Emma, make him a self-clear.
No, operators are standing by anyway.
Pro 48 at 5.60 now, that first thing I played that as a drop-in, about Benny Hinn,
there's a lot of people since it was taken to the context.
There was no setup for it.
He was talking about Benny Hinn.
Was that on 60 minutes or something like that?
It was on that front line show that they did all about it.
But all these Fony faith killers like Ernest Ainsley and Benny Hinn, all these grave
robbers, I think we ought to play it again.
I hope there's a special place in hell for people who try and enrich themselves on the
suffering of others who can't realize, the blind, the lame, the dying, the afflicted, the
terminally ill, to dangle hope before parents of a severely afflicted child is an indescribably
cruel thing to do.
And to do it in the name of God, to do it in the name of religion, I think, is unforgivable.
Damn God!
Amen.
Well said, Rabbi.
1249, 11 before 1, a QA.
10,976, we need just 24 more signers to get up to 11,000 before we get out of here
today.
That would leave my mind feeling cleansed.
You know what I mean?
I feel like an easy, unguilty conscience about life if we get to 11,000.
In fact, I'm pretty sure the way this thing is going for Scott and he's stop FCC.com.
I'm pretty sure by the end of this week he's going to get up to 100,000.
I think so.
Because I think just like Topsie now, just like that big bowl of stuff rolled down the
hill, that big bowl of whatever it is, it's growing like crazy.
And more and more people are discovering it and some other people obviously are promoting
it and then we get that ad in there.
Maybe some other people will do the same thing.
Who knows?
We get millions of signatures.
And we should.
The idea that the public is just going to see it's the listening public.
It's the people in the business.
It's the people that own the licenses.
It's everybody connected with it in any passively or actively.
In fact, next time you see him off, ask him that passively or actively.
No, no, thank you.
Let's see.
Here's one of facts that says I know you don't watch Bill O'Reilly.
That's for damn sure.
That's not you should have seen and heard the Godfaring Good Christian Bill O'Reilly telling
the Godless Silverman that he's going straight to hell for being a non-believer.
Now that's a good Christian adherent and who the heck is O'Reilly to be the judge?
Who's Silverman I wonder?
I don't know.
Sounds like a.
Is it Richie Silverman from The Metal Lands?
The segment was called Godless Americans Form Political Action Committee.
A new pillar.
Oh yeah, we already had that on.
Godless Americans have a lobbying group.
Oh, the segment guest, David Silverman National spokesman for the Godless Americans Political
Action Committee, you go, David.
Nice going, boy.
Also in today's Naples Daily News, all Naples, oh God.
I'm starting to gag already.
Coddure County Commission unanimously approved the first phase of the Ave Maria Project yesterday.
The first Catholic University to be built in the US in 40 years, Ave Maria centerpiece will
be a landmark church rising up to 200 feet to the air surrounded by an elliptical plaster
that overlooks a long university green.
The church will hold 3,500 people.
KP Acoral Gable sent this long pounder as fax.
He says, you're always mentioning God and God and it will keep me confused.
Once again, please be more precise talking about which are okay KP, whatever you say.
Just calm down a little bit.
Get your drift, get your point, your intentions are good, but bug off.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, Audi A, T and T and Verizon, Marles Long.
I think something exciting is going to happen.
By the way, don't forget to hand Parkinson is behind our beaded curtain.
She's our sunshine, old girl of the day today.
They all will see much younger picture.
Thank goodness.
Yeah.
She's so famous they've even named a disease after her.
Oh.
Oh, that this thing hasn't changed yet.
Have you got a different number or 10, 9, 76?
Remedial.
We'll probably repress.
87, 3829 signatures.
What?
Oh, I thought I was looking at the Florida one.
You are?
Yeah.
10, 9, 76?
That's it.
Okay.
Well, it takes a little while before it changes, before it tallies them all up.
I got that tallie.
I mean, I was.
Telling me banana and sorry, Bill, if I need to say, tell me banana.
Oh.
I just love.
I got to play the end of that one bit again.
No, I think it's so great that there's a lot of fun.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is he singing just the backup again?
Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing.
But that's what you guys like, right?
John Oats.
If they gave an award for a second banana.
Hey, FCC, I said banana.
Go ahead.
Find me.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing web.
Look at your business tonight.
Oh, man, they get it.
I love it.
Somebody gets it.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a little thought that I had that I'd like to pass on to you.
I have a way where you can get the word out on the ZFCC.com.
Please.
Not cost a cent.
All right.
I like it already.
And millions of people will see it.
The only thing is, I think you're going to have to make a concession and you're going to
have to do something which I know since I'm a long listener, you wouldn't want to do.
What is that?
I think that you should contact Larry King and go on the Larry King show.
Oh, no, I'm not going to Larry King.
Well, bro, you got to do something.
I mean, everybody has to make a concession.
No, no, wait a minute.
When you say I got to do something.
Well, I mean, you're talking about it and I agree with what you're saying.
Yeah.
But to get the word out for free, you know if you call him, you're on.
No, no, I don't know that.
I've never been on a show.
And in fact, they invited me once and then they changed their mind.
They don't want me on there.
Well, for something so controversial as this and you can go on there and talk about it.
Why can't we work on getting Scott who's the one that started the thing?
Let's get him on Larry King.
Why don't you both go on there?
I'm not going on Larry King, sir.
I'm not.
This is not an ego trip.
I didn't say it was an ego trip.
I think if I'm a investor, listen to me, please.
If we got Scott on there and he discussed it and got the word out, why would I need to
be on there?
Okay.
Well, and be the lead guy and get him on there.
Call him on me.
Call him on me.
I'm not a lead guy.
It's an excellent idea.
I'll work on it.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks, pal.
Boy, talk about a little bit dictatorial there, huh?
A little bit.
Do it and do something.
You're talking about it.
I thought I was doing something.
I thought I was doing a fairly decent job here in my little corner in the world.
But it's not a bad idea.
Get somebody on Larry King.
We want to see your party face on the TV.
Am I pretty face my ugly face ain't going to be on the TV, okay?
I'm not an egotist.
I'm not doing this as a self-aggrandizing stunt or something like that.
I don't need it.
But it's a great idea.
Maybe you ought to put a call into Larry King's producer.
Call him what?
Nothing that we can see on the air anymore.
I had some things immediately came to mind.
Well, I'm serious.
I'm serious.
This is part of your empire.
Sure, yeah.
And say.
And say that we've got to, of course, I don't know how we get in touch with Scott in New
York.
I got it to start this whole thing.
And I'm sure we can find a way to get in touch with him online through his website,
right?
Right?
Well, we'll work on it.
This is not going to happen like in one day, but that's an excellent idea.
I just don't like the little bit too pushy for me, but a good idea.
Thank you so much.
That's right.
And it wouldn't cost a thing.
I like that even better.
Tom says everyone knows that the flack over the condolences song was started by Moe
and the bombing was going to drop.
Well, if you don't know that he started it, but he certainly had his finger in it from
what I'm hearing.
Funny thing, Neil, at the NAACP Awards, everyone was saying we need to forgive and forget
what Janet Jackson did.
It was in the past.
Don't these hip-hop artists realize that they're next on the FCC hit list?
That Janet did it only because she has a CD.
By the way, Janet, your CD is collecting dust on the shelves.
Search your right.
The best thing anybody can do is know how to bow out gracefully.
Too bad Janet didn't learn this lesson from her brother, Mariah Carey and others that
are now just tools, fools.
Keep on a pressure since Tom.
Do it in the way I say.
Not in the way people are trying to hang on too long.
Like Mariah.
Hey Mariah, they don't like you, honey.
They hate you.
Don't you hate Mariah Carey?
No, I don't hate her.
There you do.
Okay.
I hate her.
Hey, Jack, don't you hate Mariah Carey?
No.
Okay.
I don't like her.
I'm marking these things down.
Don't you dislike her intensely?
I just like her music intensely.
She's strange.
Yeah.
1256 at 560 WQM where we despise Mariah Carey and Luis Miguel still don't want no part of
it.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are positively in credible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit fee and zero discounted
points.
Get yourself that new low rate interest of just 1.25%.
A hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only three thirty four a month.
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your pay only six sixty eight a month.
And don't forget once you're refinancing a new home mortgage from financial group, you
will never ever pay those outrageous closing costs again.
So call today.
There's no obligation.
Call tool free one eight six six three nine five land.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve that moved your next property with no further cost
to expense.
Zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fee zero closing cost even when you moved to another property.
Get that new low rate of financing of only one point two five percent with the only one
mortgage from financial group and never pay closing costs again.
Please call them today one eight six six three nine five land.
They'll split it to you.
That's financial group at one eight six six three nine five L. E. N. D. the Renekuil
Housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly four point two one
About APR.
two
Still have
We've never sailed, we've reached Cutthroat, and now the metal breakfast train are dying
And the hard class friends can visit her just once a week
Now smoke a cigarette and chat with my best new best friend, Lonnie
But there are no clue, guns, what tons of fabric they're sold
The exercise yards, the only place she's allowed to throw
My best friend, she has been dying
My best friend, has been dying
But she won't give up, she's gonna walk field
But she won't give up, but there's no new deal
She won't give up, she's popping pats on
But she'll make a dud for the Sam Waxle
She'll have a sound, wherever you want can see
When the rich famous lady has stepped the walk keying
She'll have to sleep, when she hears the bell ring
She shouldn't told the truth, and come clean about inside her training
Just close the door, she has been dying
But the door has the wrong man right
103 and 56, the big room, is she line 9, is ringing?
Do I am hello?
You gotta put Mary and Molly on that melody
Yeah, what crime has she been convicted of?
God, not only hope she does
Okay, great
I mean, yeah, she's been accused of, you know, I mean, yeah, possible
We want to put her on her, sure go ahead, put her on her, Miriam Elephant
Let's say, good afternoon, says this fact, your George, he says, just wanted to ask a question regarding the growing list of unmetable boards, phrases, sounds and thoughts
Since it appears that religious folk have succeeded, can I say that?
It depends on the, you have to say real fast, including damn on the list, what about holy crap?
We still can say, in fact, in that bill, what do you say about poo and pee?
We can still say poo and pee, and holy crap!
All right!
Thanks for your entertainment, good work regards George, thank you George
We can say holy crap
And you know what else we can say?
Holy cow, listen
This is the first alphabetized out of 5 or 6,000 fits
A phone again, naturally, by the fall head of heat, vulcacris
With his intestines hanging down, he looks like a swathered cow
I get some parts on the shelf, but I may need more my hope that I've ever met him in doubt
He has everything I need
In fact, a good idea, the audience, people are really care about this show, really into what, how many of those are there?
30, man!
You might want to start making a list of these so that we can, you know, save us a lot of time, the ones that we can, that pass the mustard
From his bladder to his plea
Pass the mustard, please
He's hanging out and back on the freezer rack with his eyeball frozen bolted
It sounds crazy, but he has my guts and I'm not joking
His lips are a perfect match for me
In case my leg gets broken, his organs are all mine
And he doesn't seem to find a clone again
Oh!
Naturally
Yeah, I think that one's gonna be okay, we don't have to listen to the whole thing
I think it's gonna be just fine, don't you?
Okay, I'm still gonna listen
A day at Stallone's known, not too sure about that
Oh, look at that, I just, you know, what I just did, don't worry about it
I know, a typical day at the Silverstone Household
Hey, O'Genefer, did I just see the chef looking at me?
Did he look me in the eyes?
Hey, O'Genefer, you work pretty hard on this steak, huh?
Took what?
Three?
Four hours?
Well, hey, Rover
Mon, it's dark me, never looked me in the eyes
And now, a typical evening at the Silverstone Household
Mr. Big Man sliced the lawn, wonder how he like his chicken soup
Hot or cold, with or without a looky, with, and maybe I dip my voice in it for a little flavor
I hope you enjoy the appetizer Mr. Don't look me in the eye
Don't f*** with this chef
Oh, right, that was great!
That was clean, that was about as creative as it gets
I mean, can we say, boys?
No, I'm sorry
And I believe there was fabulous, they believed out the whole word, and then there was something else to do
I can't get on the stop FCC, which means there's a big run, under evidently again
Can you get on it?
Let me try to refresh it, I've got the hourglass here
Yeah, I'm on it
And what does it say?
11,09
Oh, all right, thanks, good response
Robert D. Levin, Thausmark, and Florida, and approaching 90,000 total
Now, a fumbling twit, so you see, some of these that I don't remember with L.A. are, although it's got a little, I put this in here
So, coming soon to a cinnamon ear you, it's the greatest romantic comedy in the history of film
Hugh Grant is a fumbling twit
Well, if I may, I hope I'm not being too forward, that is to say that
The London Times is, a fumbling twit is so light like that no more film should ever be named
as they would only fail in comparison to this brilliant piece of twit headed tightcasting
If I may be so bold as to ask you and I understand that I'm tying a track of my standing here in the middle of the street
But I'm very much like to ask you
If you see only one Hugh Grant movie this year, then you certainly won't need to see this one
Because he's playing the exact same 20 plays in all his movies
I'm glad that you agreed to have dinner with me and
Well, there's something I've been meaning to
Well, that is to say, it finds you to be quite fetching
And you think Elizabeth Early left him because of that whole divine brown deal?
No, she left him because Hugh Grant is a fumbling twit now playing in selected cities
I do rather hope you'll come to see me in a fumbling twit
That is to say, if you don't mind my being somewhat cheeky
Oh, for the love of God, which you shot us
Oh, well, alright then, I suppose
That was just fine, wasn't it? That was kosher? Sure
But just be careful, I make sure, for example, if you're going to talk about Duffin Clarence and say there are a couple of fumbling twits
Just be careful, the way you say it, okay?
And talk about them, a couple of twits
Now we're actually going to play the whole thing here, but this is, we know this is good to go, very clean
A long, long time ago
Right, a hundred years gone by, it's eight minutes and nineteen seconds
Keep that in mind before the end of the show today
We got Richard Clark is going to be testifying before that 9-11 committee, so we'll keep our eye on it
There is Bill Schneider
The allegations about President Bush and his...
A little paint
Oh, I don't think so
No, I'm just, I'm getting really nervous thinking about it
Why is that, what's in there?
Just knowing about the subject matter, I don't see how he can tiptoe around the issue
Well, what's the subject matter?
Paint
Paint your spot
Oh, like I said
Oh, now this one, I'm not too sure because it's about A-Rod
Keep that in mind
Oi
A-Rod says he thinks it's great
43 grand, every trip to the place
He's got ten years and a quarter billion bucks for a game
That's crazy
Half a mill to play each game
You gotta think the owner's insane
He has to pay every time that A-Rod smits on the ground
That's crazy
He still gets paid
If he makes out and all the fans will scream and shout
Oi, what does he care?
He still gets his cat
If he hits all he sits
Or he walks all he walks when he finds
He finds
Oh baby, what he makes
He makes
It's crazy because he's got a bigger contract now than can't breathe
The biggest one in history
He finds
He finds they think there's no way they lose
He finds
He ain't no one what's the biggest sin
That even with A-Rod there's no way
He's our rangers who win
Ooooooh
Wow, how do you like that?
Just fine
A thousand tiles?
My mind must be going
Wow
That goes about same
It's basically the recent events
Let's talk about it
Minking my way through the crowd
Walking fast, cringing gas
A bathroom bow
Oh, yes
Oh, I see some difficulties with this one, you know what?
It could be a... I don't know
The interesting part of this is
You notice how carefully we're listening to everything now
For people who are just casual listening
I bet you even some people in the audience are like
Hanging on every word now
And look what a great favor we're doing for
Duffen clearance for those two twits
By starting at the beginning
Go right down the list
Which we can do over a period of time
We can like figure out who's big naughty and who's uh...
Steering blankly ahead is palms away, palms away
I don't think that's
Ha ha ha ha ha
Now he may have been talking about Iraq
But I don't think so, okay
I mean, I think at that point is a good point to just uh...
Drums are holding wings
A wild night
Yeah
How wild can it be with all the exporters taking out?
What's your hands and toes?
Okay
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That didn't last too long, did it?
There
Wow, A-bombs fly
North Korea is gonna build up arms
They're laughing at us as they swat us
What is it?
It's safe
Bring the UN along
That's the way it goes
Embargos lived as plutonians
Lips right underneath our nose
A-bombs fly
A-bombs fly
Smoke and drink cause we're all gonna die
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Jimmy Carter thought he was using his head
Bummer the guy he went to talk to now is dead
A-like clear
That's what you get for eating peanuts
And drinking Billy beer
A-bombs fly
A-bombs fly
Smoke and drink cause we're all gonna die
Shed it here for peace because we all are gonna die
Absolutely
Where you dumb enough to think one day we'd all become allies
Wow
I like it
13 at 5.60
This also gives us a little bit of variety stuff that we probably haven't played in a very long time
Stuff like that, right?
13 at QAM if you're speaking to go to die
If you wanna really hasten that just keep eating like a pig and be real fat
You'll die real soon
But if you'd like to lose some of that weight
If you'd like to stick around for a while why not try balance for life
If you try all the other diets and all the other fads and the gimmicks
And you're still big as a tub
This could be what you're looking for
Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service
It's based on Dr. Barry Sears
The Zone Diet
I think he's kin to J. Sears and the Brian Sears
Bringing you right to your door a little black sack every day with three delicious meals
And two great snacks every day right like I said to your doorstep
Everything is fresh and delicious nothing frozen no chemicals no additives
Just great goodies and with all that food how can you possibly say really on a diet
So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the Zone Diet
Don't settle for imitation just imagine there's no calorie counting
No carb counting not even any shopping or cooking or cleaning
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life
The Zone Diet has been proven to lower your blood sugar, high cholesterol and your blood pressure too
And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach Diet here's your chance
And you can do it by the way without reading that book
Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company
That offers you many choices that lets you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach Diet
Let's somebody else read it to you
So feel the difference see the great results on the scale like almost right away
And start like we're in some real human clothing and extend your life please
Call toll free today 1 866 225 45 43
That's 866 225 45 43 or for more info check it online at balanceforlife.com
Lime Day in the fall
We're supporting you 516 as you am
The Irish
Have you ever had an alien anal probe?
You've ever been impregnated by a creature from a far off galaxy
I bet the only thing you took away from the experience was a strange rash in that chip that's still in your brain
Why'd you like to pick up a nice lump of cash the next time an interglact to drown their decides to pick you up?
Well now you can with abduction insurance
You've heard the crazy farmers and low rent white trash talk about it so you know it's true
Alien abductions do happen and now for the first time in the history of mankind
You can actually benefit from your next abduction
Just pass a little bit each month and the next time you take a little trip
Come back to earth and show us that chip in your head or the rod in your ass
And the claim is as good as yours
Abduction insurance sign up today and get free as a bonus a meteorite proof umbrella
Just in case
All right now that one passed the mustard
Perfect one
So I barely
I beg your pardon
No, there's a lot of it
Some flower seed in my mouth
877 votes on the pole today
Which of these people would you like most to see go to jail?
Do some hard time and you will write rush is pulling ahead of the pack
Hop a couple more rush
Oh boy
Rush Limbaugh 248
How sweet that would be
Kenny late 235 Michael Jackson Miss Jackson got 201 Martha store 55
Days of Williams 51 Kobe Bryant 36 body Blake 21 Robert Novak 14
Phil Spector 8 Todd Bertuzzi 6 and Maryam Elephant just went on her
She's got two out of 877
Strother as in the old slammer
As we continue it where I'm waiting for Richard Clark
Right 130
In fact they must be in recess right now they must be in several lunches
I think 130 they're coming back they're talking about the Kobe Bryant case
How's Kobe doing on the thing I didn't even out him remember reading his name
Kobe Bryant 37 kind of like in the middle of the pack anyway
What kind of baggage will you be checking on today sir?
Well I have this case with the peer of abandonment
I carry on with some paranoia and this double bag stuffed with homosexual tendencies
Welcome to abnormal airways
Today on our flight we'll be cruising at a base comfortable altitude of 55 feet
As due to my extreme fear of heights
If you look out our right window now you'll be able to see the right wings
Searing off treetops as we travel along in our cruising altitude
To the flight
The airline who staff and clientele are charcoal of problems
In case of a water landing I'll begin to hyperventilate
At which point a panic attack will set in and I'll begin grasping dangerously
For the neck of a person nearest me at that time
Seat cushions may be used as defense mechanisms
But I will then probably try to strangle you with the cord of a breathing tube that drops from overhead
Why abnormal airways?
I met my wife on this flight last week
Last week huh?
Yeah she's dead now though
And experience the mental skies
Now see that's clean as can be right?
You'll notice I did skip over a couple of there
One was a guitar man and yeah I am
Holes and the other was Aaron Sorkin arraignment
I don't even remember who Aaron Sorkin was
Do you?
No
So why bother?
Now this one I think is going to end very quickly
Oh he was that producer that got busted for cocaine
Friends parents?
Maybe I'll play it
We take you now inside a Los Angeles County Corp room via hidden microphone
All rise the honorable judge Harold T. Dilbos presiding
All right we seated be seated
This is case number 76438
The people versus Aaron Sorkin
The guy who did West Wing and sports night which isn't on anymore
All right
Mr. Sorkin you are charged with possession of rock cocaine
Po possession of psychedelic mushrooms
Po possession of marijuana
How do you plead sir?
Night guilty your judgeness
I beg your pardon?
Night guilty
You had psychedelic mushrooms
Why'd you need?
You had rock cocaine
No that wasn't me
You had marijuana
No it wasn't me
They found it in your luggage
Why'd you need?
You passed out when they caught you
It wasn't me
All right then
I like West Wing and sports night was very underrated
Great cast
Everybody say $10,000 bail
Next case
That's not bad you know what?
Not bad at all
Okay see two things I'm discovering
I've put it many times I never exaggerate
Right
So instead of saying oh we got 90% of the stuff we can't play anymore
I don't know maybe it's only about 60 or 70%
Right?
Now this one for example
Go along with me to blow up an abortion plan days
What do you think?
I don't have it memorized but
I would better not try
Okay let's see how far we can get
Oh no we can't
We can't
Cannot? No listen to it through the break
And then come back and you'll know
Okay now what about the abortion pill?
I don't know
You know the word is not a word
Everybody's taking a brand of pill now
No more baby
Take a pill of abortion
If there's something inside of them
Making it ill now
No more baby
Take a pill of abortion
No got the visits
It's so easy to do
You just want one of these if the stick turns blue
So come on come on
Take a pill of abortion by me
All right that's cute
That's fine
But now we get to the abortion shuffle
How long is this going to be?
I was like seven years
I need another abortion and I need it fast
I think that's a story
It's one of my favorites of course
What a shame for Anna Maria
We won't be hearing that no more
At least until things are calm down
Till it's all blows over
Now abortion and feces we can play that
Because that's a speech
Right? Right
That's the way I'm making a speech
A Christian
No no get out of that
She just don't want to stop
She don't want to quit
Everybody who's for abortion
Was at one time themselves the feces
So and that's includes all of you out there
You were once the feces
So we thank you Mr. President
And now dinner will be served
All right
That's precious haven't played it in a long time
Now what about Ascento? That's got to be okay
Zero, my name is Ascento
And the number one question I get from men is Ascento
How do you get so many women
And the number one question from women I get is Ascento
How did you get in my pants so quickly?
Where the answer to both questions is the Ascent
We mean love a man with a nice strong accent
It's true as documented fact
He said way more punting than me
Like I said
Yeah well there goes that
That's you know that
I uh we both dumped it
Not on the list but still
No no not even close
Not even close
Access Barney
Access Hollywood has obtained a tape of Barney the Dinosaur
And his agent discussing his new movie deal
Listen Laurie that's two birds gonna be playing them like
But I need that tradition
I should be playing the keywrecks for Christy
Funny baby and in the trunettes
They told me
And in the trunettes
Yeah you better give me
Like I said
We were going along okay
I wasn't quite satisfied with that last bleep there
The first one was fine and then you know
See what I'm saying?
And there you go
Well this button's getting a workout I'll play with that
So like I said maybe about 85%
Don't get uh don't get too enthusiastic
Okay let's uh do the break
And then when we come back maybe just maybe
In a couple of minutes we'll have a Richard Clark there testifying and uh
But I'm gonna be put about and then I'll let you
So you see he's a turnt code he's a bad guy he's an evil doer
He's a bad guy he's an evil doer
He's a good guy and low
This is 205cq
QAM
The Hoover Optimon Mine
Jake and hardwester Clark
How it being screams a lot John and what's headed me
Ow, sharpens I can see
John should go to Simon Cowell
Earn my junior colic battle Tim
Loving Sussurandan and Osama Bingonin
Bill Mark Carrot Top
Michael Moran Harry Potter Nelly
And Sadam Hussein and his pinky under brain
Olson Twins a Brad Bad Tom
Hats a Johnny Depp Keanu
Ritza Will Smith
Madonna for the heck of it
Al Loker Schwartz and Naked Kobe Bryant
For the Lakers Malgit and Ben
I'd like he just needs a side
I was carried on a higher
Pretty soon will be known which we need these chosen
We used carry gone a higher
Better not be a worse or they won't be shortbush
132 28 till 205 60 W
They're coming back in from launch break on the committee hearing
Not exciting
I'm thrilled
But I don't see Richard Clark there yet
All of somebody I see somebody in the doorway
I think it's Richard Clark's cousin from Greece
Yeah
He won one of those hats
He's won one where I'm funny
You're Red Barraise
With the Red Pom Pom on it
And I think Richard Clark is going to say
Yeah, I knew him
I used to work with his father
And the olive oil business
I didn't know no Godfather
Oh, that could happen
You never know
I was at Richard Clark sitting down there
It sure looks like him to me
It looks like that bald paint
Sandy Virger
No, we don't want to hear this
A CNN Goop ball on here
Let's open up there we go
Shut this guy up
Shut him up
The contrary to what some officials have told you
You don't owe you
Commission
He does believe the Clinton administration gave the CIA
authority to go after some of them
Laws and if it's
He's wearing a men eyes that is head up there
Look at that thing
You're up in here
Simon Calhade
Thank you very much
Here we go
It's the clock
A written remarks
We'll be at the end of the record in full
We'd ask you to summarize your statement
And please proceed
Thank you Mr. Chairman
Because I have submitted a written statement today
And I've previously testified before this
Commission for 15 hours
And before the Senate House
Joining Quarry Committee for six hours
I have only a very brief opening statement
I welcome these hearings because of the opportunity
They provide to the American people
To better understand why the tragedy of 9-11 happened
And what we must do to prevent a reoccurrence
I also welcome the hearings because it is finally a forum
Where I can apologize
To the loved ones of the victims of 9-11
To them who are here in the room
To those who are watching on television
Your government failed you
Those entrusted with protecting you
Failed you
And I failed you
We tried hard
But that doesn't matter because we failed
And for that failure
I would ask once all the facts are out
For your understanding
And for your forgiveness
And that Mr. Chairman
I'll be glad to take your questions
Okay, the questioning will be led by Senator Gorton
Are you leading off of Commissioner Roma?
Thank you, Mr. Chairman
Welcome, Mr. Clark
I want to thank you as I start my questions for your 30 years of public service to the American people
I want to thank you for your sworn testimony before the 9-11 commission over 15 hours
And I really want to say Mr. Clark that there are a lot of distractions out there today
For books
But a news media, a lot of accusations flying back and forth
I want you to concentrate to the degree you can on the memos, on the email, on the strategy papers
And on the time that we're tasked with looking at on this 9-11 commission between 1998 and September 11th
You coordinated counterterrorism policy in both the Clinton and the Bush administrations
I want to know first of all was fighting al Qaeda a top priority for the Clinton administration from 1998 to the year 2001
How high of priority was it in that Clinton administration during that time period?
My impression was that fighting terrorism in general and fighting al Qaeda in particular were an extraordinarily high priority in the Clinton administration
Certainly no higher priority. They were priorities probably of equal importance such as the Middle East peace process
But I certainly don't know of one that was any higher in the priority of that administration
With respect to the Bush administration from the time they took office until September 11th, 2001
You had a much to deal with Russia, China, T-8, Middle East, how high of priority was fighting al Qaeda in the Bush administration
I believe the Bush administration in the first eight months considered terrorism an important issue but not an urgent issue
Well President Bush himself says as much as his interview with Bob Woodward and the book Bush at War
He said I didn't feel a sense of urgency
George Tenant and I tried very hard to create a sense of urgency by seeing to it that intelligence reports on the al Qaeda threat
were frequently given to the president and other high level officials
And there was a process underway to address al Qaeda
But although I continued to say it was an urgent problem, I don't think it was ever treated that way
You have said in many ways you've issued some blistering attacks on the Bush administration
But you have not held those criticisms from the Clinton administration either
We heard from Mr. Berger earlier that you were critical of the Clinton administration on two areas
Not providing aid to the Northern Alliance and not going after the human conveyor belts of geodes coming out of the sanctuaries in Afghanistan
Are there more in the Clinton administration years?
So USS Cole, the response there?
Well I think first of all Mr. Berger is right to say that almost everything I ever asked for in the way of support from him or from President Clinton I got
We did enormously increase the counterterrorism budget of the federal government initiated many programs including what is now called Homeland Security
Mr. Berger is also right to note that I wanted a covert action program to aid Afghan factions to fight the Taliban
And that was not accomplished
He's also right to note that on several occasions including after the attack on the Cole
I suggested that we bomb all of the Taliban and al Qaeda infrastructure
Whether or not it would succeed in killing bin Laden I thought that was the wrong way of looking at the problem
I think the answer is essentially Mr. Berger got it right
Let's move into with my 15 minutes
Let's move into the Bush administration on January the 25th we've seen a memo that you've written
Two Dr. Rice urgently asking for a principles review of al Qaeda
You include helping the Northern Alliance covert aid
Significant new 02 budget authority to help fight al Qaeda
And response to the USS Cole you attached to this document
Both the the Linda plan of 1998 and a strategy paper from December 2000
Do you get a response to this urgent request for a principles meeting on these and how does this affect your time frame for dealing with these important issues
I did get a response the response was that in the Bush administration
I should and my committee the counterterrorism security group should report to the deputies committee which is a sub cabinet level committee and not to the principles
And that therefore is inappropriate for me to be asking for a principles meeting instead that would be a deputies meeting
So does this slow the process down to go to the deputies rather than to the principles or a small group as you previously done
It's loaded down enormously by months first of all the deputies committee didn't meet urgently in January or February
Then when the deputies committee did meet it took the issue of al Qaeda as part of a cluster of policy issues
Including nuclear proliferation in South Asia democratization in Pakistan
How to treat the problems the various problems including narcotics and other problems in Afghanistan
We got to do the break in we'll come right back 19 02 at 560 QAM
My line and local here sports radio 560 QAM
They were done they were done after September 11 they were all done
I didn't really understand why they couldn't have been done in February
Well let's say Mr. Clark I think this is a fair question
Let's say that you asked a brief the president of the United States on counterterrorism
Did you ask that?
I asked for a series of briefings on the issues in my portfolio including counterterrorism and cyber security
Did you get that request?
I did I was given a briefing opportunity to brief on cyber security in June
I was told I could brief the president on terrorism after this policy development process was complete and we had the principles meeting
And the draft national security policy decision that had been approved by the deputy's committee
Let's say Mr. Clark is gifted as you might be in eloquence and silver tongueed as any button could be
And let's say let's imagine that instead of saying no you asked for this briefing to the president
You said you didn't get it after eight months of talking let's say you get this briefing in February after your memo to Dr. Rice on September 25th
And you meet with the president of the United States in February and you brief him on terrorism
Tell me how you convince the president to move forward on this and get this principles meeting that doesn't take place until September 4th moved up
So that you can do something about this problem
Well I think the best thing to have done if there had been a meeting with the president in February was to show him the accumulated intelligence that al Qaeda was strong and was planning attacks against the United States, against friendly governments
It was possible to make a very persuasive case that this was a major threat and this was an urgent problem
And you think this would have sped up the deputies process and the principles process
Bill, do you think the president would have reached down then and said something to the national security team to expedite this?
What you worked for President Clinton? You saw what meetings with presidents could do there
Is this a magical solution or is it something that the president might say right back to you?
Listen, Dick, I've got many other things I've got to do here in the Middle East peace process, Bosnia, Kosovo, the Korean Peninsula
How likely is it that we are able to see some kind of result from a meeting like that?
I think it depends in part on the president
President Bush was regularly told by the director of Central Intelligence that there was an urgent threat
On one occasion, he was told this dozens of times in the morning briefings that George Tenet gave him
On one of those occasions, he asked for a strategy and to deal with the threat
Kandi Rice came back from that meeting called me and relayed what the president had requested
And I said, well, you know, we've had this strategy ready since before you were inaugurated I showed it to you
You have the paperwork, we can have a meeting on the strategy any time you want
She said she would look into it, it didn't, her looking into it and the president asking for it
Did not change the pace at which it was considered
And as far as I know, the president never asked again, at least I was never informed of the ask again
I do know he was there after continually informed about the threat by George Tenet
Let me ask you with my yellow light on a question about the summer of 2000 alert
You were saying, the CIA was saying everybody was saying something spectacular is about to happen
Spiking and intelligence, something terrible is about to happen
You've told us in some of our interviews, you only wish you would have known at that time
And that summer what the FBI knew with regard to Masawi, Phoenix memo and terrorists in the United States
What could you have done with some of that information with these spike alerts, with the spectacular attack on their horizon in the summer of 2001?
A congressman is very easy in retrospect to say that I would have done this or I would have done that
And we'll never know. I would like to have think, I would like to think that had I been informed by the FBI
That two senior al Qaeda operatives who had been in a planning meeting earlier in Kuala Lumpur
Were now in the United States and we knew that and we knew their names and I think we even had their pictures
I would like to think that I would have released, or would have had the FBI release, a press release with their names, with their descriptions
Held a press conference, tried to get their names and pictures on the front page of every paper
America's most wanted the evening news and caused a successful nationwide man hunt for those two of the 19 hijackers
But I don't know because you're asking me a hypothetical and I have the benefit now of 2020 hindsight
Thank you Mr. Clark, Mr. Chairman, thank you for the patience on the time
Thank you sir, Senator Gordon
Mr. Clark, you've got the position as the head of this counterterrorism and security group, the CSG, winning them out
May of 1998 is that correct? No, Senator actually I got it in the first Bush administration in the fall of 1992
But it got the level of being up there at the White House and being a very important position in 1998
What happened in 1998? Let me go back
The counterterrorism security group, the CSG
The Bush, the
the Bush, the
the
the
the Middle Eastern World
will be explored in Saddam it people killed with the gas that we sold him
First time agressor nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going
forget about Korea and the nooks there
We're totalling them to the right wing
Is drilling it over and over into our head
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction
3,000 people killed
Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Hate, there's oil to be counted
Going after satan too
Plankato's Sama
There's no longer mention of
The name is laudeth
But no one seems concerned all
Come be in complacence
Believe in every word
Of this cartel in administration
That controls us by fear
Through needy and manipulation
And the right wing
Is drilling it over and over into our head
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights
Is the price that we're paying
We're all suspects now
Not the ash crop is saying
I have nothing to hide
Table-parkers all are saying
Blind obedient cattle don't have
Any reservation
Bout of provoked
Madalent, world of annihilation
Old machines must fall
In half a virgin and stoke
With no objection at all
In the crack don't have the fall
And the right wing
Is drilling it over and over
Into our parade was tenth
I rack has some
We've been the mass destruction
Boots
Only I rack has some
We've been the mass destruction
We just haven't thought of me
That's all, we're working on it
Well let's know, we'll call your personal at home
When we find it
I can say to that we couldn't hear the whole thing
The only problem is that the public hearings tend to be like
A political dog and pony show you know
On the one hand
Let's make bush look really bad on the other hand
Let's make them look real good and cover his ass
So what can I say?
But at least he six buyers guns
I would go out and buy the book if I were you
I did yesterday for the day before against all enemies by Richard Clark
I would do it
We can't really have somebody
Let me have somebody read it to you
Some of you folks out there
Which of these people would you most like to see to go to jail?
Rush Limbaugh, you're right
296, Kenny Lay 257
Michael Jackson 226
Martha Stewart 60
Jason Williams 54
Kobe Bryant 37
Bobby Blake 23
Bobby Novak 18
Murie of Elephant 11
She's moving on up
Phil Spector 10
Todd Virtusy
Small Potatoes
He's only got eight
Bye bye bye
The only thing you want to show on plastic
Is the only QAnne
Miami for learning
And that's the way it ought to be in Augusta
Ha ha
