I'll go back to the camera to you, you bastard.
OK.
And now, a word from Howard Dean's wife.
Hi, hello there.
I'm Dr. Julius Steibern,
a wife of presidential candidate Howard Dean.
You can call me Judy.
Not Judge Judy.
That's a different knee-skite.
People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard.
Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa?
I scared a crap out of myself.
I make froth a biss and I look like a shane of pune.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with pune a jade, ischa?
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers dropped it.
No, I say that's a bunch of mischegas.
For those of you who don't take a piece of the Yiddish, that means crap.
How he's a good guy, though he's what you might call a loose cannon.
He's got a pretty bad temper on him.
I remember one time one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste.
I thought he was going to blow a gasket.
Zaveen's popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth.
The event of Machubia, I spent 23 years with the shaggits.
Most of the time he's a man, but on occasion I hate him.
I think my husband Howie would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little p old about is that Howie doesn't let us have a TV.
I want to watch sex in the city. I got to schlep down to campaign headquarters
or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set.
I have never seen any program in color, so I know Jackie Kennedy.
Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup.
I'm like a whisker away from being Amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazon, that's here this for Dr. Judy Steinberg over and out.
Pay for by the committee to elect John Kerry president.
Ten oh two is five sixty WQM happy Monday to you.
That is a beautiful thing. She's not, but that was.
I love that. So I'm gonna play the hundred times today.
I. Anyway, on Friday we ask it well, let me just rip Mandog a little bit.
Love the Mandog. Great guy. Everybody loves him.
But sometimes he's full of crap like all of us.
Sometimes you got to get out of your system.
And he was ripping me a little bit, not by name, but he said, you know,
we're in Dan LaBassard's column that I was praising and reading on Friday morning.
And Dan LaBassard for once in his life, he had his thumb right on it.
When he was talking about what a front running pony town,
South Florida, he was about the whole Marlon thing.
And there's Joe this morning talking about pictures and captures,
but they got to have something to talk about because the dolphins season is long over.
But nevertheless, nobody cares.
In fact, I came up with a great idea business we can go into.
Okay. It's called the, I had a good name for it.
Rent a front running rental store.
All right. Where you can rent like whatever team gets hot,
hopefully, you sound Florida team, but not necessarily.
And you go rent a uniform camp and a jersey and a whole outfit.
And you rent it for like, you know, whatever time until it's no longer politically correct.
And then you return it for a full refund.
Like like running a movie.
Like hurricane plywood.
Right. No, no, no, but you don't keep this.
You just rent it. Right. Well, they don't keep it either.
They take the plywood back.
She had to have a plywood back.
All these people get out of here.
Remember, every time there's a hurricane scare, there's like the next day,
there's the big line of the people bringing the tin and the plywood back.
Because the day after the World Series, I thought it was a joke,
but it's true. There were people trying to take their Marlon jerseys and caps back for a refund.
Rent, rent, or for a running outfit.
I think it's a great idea.
And mad dog, the line that he had that just almost, I was driving home, almost drove off the road.
He said, well, there's lots of choices.
Lots of choices. See, that's the point.
It is a choice. And you choose either to support something or not.
That's what make a place with all that many people either, you know, major league or bush league.
And it's a bush league place.
I mean, all that phony front running craftering the parade and everybody's on the bandwagon.
That really proves. I'm not saying that some floaters alone are a lot of places like that.
But that proves beyond a shadow of a doubt how bush league a place is.
Anyway, your full craft mad dog. It's a front running phony place.
It's a bush league town. Even a Humper will say to that.
Loose announcer to Hank, please.
Here's yesterday our Friday's poll.
Who's your all-time favorite soft Florida TV personality news entertainment, whatever?
Let's start at the bottom.
1324 vote.
Carmel Cafferro. Remember I thought that was a good addition?
Yeah.
No votes. Virginia Booker, I have no idea who that is.
Bob Halorin, sports guy, none.
And Carrie Miller, I don't know who that is.
I don't know. None.
Miller Rick.
One for Jane Chastain, Claremosure One, Terry Mirerman One.
She's probably kind to Jim Mirerman, Jr.
Katrina Daniel had a pair and they fell right off.
Jim Brasmer had two Todd Tungans got a pair.
Jilda Unruz got two.
Bob Mayor three, Mino Arreas three, Mark Love do three, Del Frank three, Richard Woodcom three,
Brad Burkey three, Wayne Ferris three, Angela Ray three, Jumping Jack O'Brien three,
Jumping Jack Flash didn't have any.
Gail Nuts, so bright head four, all of she is excited about that eating ass piece that twice repeating tonight?
Who isn't?
Camberl Martian, Wayne Ferris, oh Wayne Ferris is on.
He got three the first time he got four of them all.
Nice thought, Wayne.
He's got the four, Camberl Martian, Laurie Hibberd four, Wayne Chamber four, Ed O'Dell four.
Bill Kamal, the weather furry on channel seven, she had five.
Hey, Bill, put it down.
Put the booze down.
Jinsy James five, Wheeler Checkers five, Penny Daniel six.
Walt Kronai six, remember the bow ties?
No.
You don't?
He used to be the weather guy on channel ten for a long time.
Sorry.
How come nobody said the dead weather guy from channel four used to be there?
He used to be the booth announcer Dick Fennelcy.
I was wondering that a funnel?
No.
Michael Putney six, even though he's got his head way up Catherine Harris's ass and we're pretty pissed off of you Mike.
Banzio Billy seven.
I don't I don't know who that is.
Nope.
You don't need it?
Nope.
Big fat Dave Game seven.
Didn't he die?
I don't think so.
No.
Nancy O'Dell seven.
I'll tell you who else didn't die and that's Carl Maldon.
I was telling you before the show he was on a...
By accident I saw the golden globes about an hour for the last night and I for one some reason I always turn those things right off.
Yeah.
And I just couldn't turn it off.
I don't know what it was because I hate awards shows.
I hate the whole concept of sitting around sucking each others ass.
But there was something about it.
It was mildly interesting.
And Michael Douglas who was a little bit inebriated but not nearly as much as Susan Sarand.
Wow.
She was plastered.
You go girl.
But Michael Douglas went up and made a whole big thing about the Carl Maldon.
It was kind of one of those things like I know you're getting ready to croak Carl but I really want to thank you for all you taught me about acting and you're never still afraid to.
And Carl was sitting there with dark glasses on and he had like two big holes in his head which is never a good sign.
Only his nose died.
You're saying that I know I think it moved up his forehead.
Nancy O'Dell had seven.
I have no idea who she is.
Glenn Rinker eight done Cox had eight.
Susan Candy, audience.
Al Sunshine.
He's still waving those ham-hawks at you.
Nine.
Little Dicky winners nine.
Everybody like Little Dicky.
Sloppy Paloppie and Chuck Dottleten.
Tony Cigarette 11.
Charlie Baxter 15.
Connie Chinkhead 16.
Brian Larkross 17.
So he kills the other weather for his bio-mediment.
Is Don Noe.
Don Noe beat him out.
Sorry Brian you lose.
Bob Soeper beat him out to 18.
It's good because Bob's a good guy.
Pan Jiganti who's only on on sabato.
Pan Sabato Gigante had 20.
Dave Dixon 20.
Don Francisco 20.
So you had it all ties in.
You're on Hamburg 20.
He got my vote.
John was great.
A real professional lose guy.
And a real bush league town.
Cinnamon Stofer 22.
What does Don?
No.
24.
This horror-kimer 25.
Now what's that all about?
Man.
Must have a lot of space cadets out there huh?
It's wrong with Jack.
Not wrong with Jack.
Horror-kimer 25.
Maria Genero 29.
See I told you and you made the fun of me on that.
Even though she's been in Buffalo for a long time.
We love the love in Maria.
Sally Fitz 32.
Sally Fitz.
Big Wilson 44.
David Bloom 44.
Dwight Lauderdale 49.
But they used to like him a lot better with a mustache before he started.
Hopper on Anzass.
Kelly Craig 50.
And Spent of that gigantic girth.
We love you Kelly.
Please lose.
Please announce.
Please.
Wendy Big Nips Corona 53.
Rick Sanchez 53.
Same person.
And Bishop 61.
Ralph Rednext 62.
Bob Weaver 63.
Nice to see that Bob.
Jacelle Fernandez.
Did not tell you she was good?
You said that.
Well she looked good.
And she was a nice person.
I met her one time.
Not exciting?
No.
You're not impressed?
No.
Well I can't drop too many big names.
Neither.
Jacelle Fernandez 75.
How about Donnie Osman and Dion?
Okay.
It's pretty big names.
Who else do I know?
A Skipper Chucks Inc. 134.
And Jackie Johnson 169.
Now you think they did that just to piss me off?
I don't really care.
You know, she's a donkey face and a donkey bliss.
But what do I care?
I'll get back.
They like Jackie's Johnson.
Okay.
They think she's really hot stuff.
She ain't no Charlie's.
They're all but who knows?
No, nobody.
You should have seen that thing she had on last night.
I was like kind of like.
What do you mean?
I'm going to tear away.
Blows.
Yeah, I would tear away.
And look like somebody got a head start.
And they were tearing away at all different places.
And it was just about falling off her boobies.
She's just pristine.
She's a little girl from South Africa.
That's what she said.
Yeah, my two favorite people from what I saw
at the Golden Loads last night was Charlize Theron
and Jude Law.
Who's a great actor and who looks kind of interesting?
Not wrong with Jude.
He's about two feet tall, but he's kind of interesting guy.
And Al Pacino made a total ass out of himself.
I just, why didn't he just go away?
You know, like Dick Cheney.
He'd never drag and dick out again.
And they ordered like,
store him away in a vault somewhere.
Because all they're going to do by dragging his ass out
is remind everybody about all the bad things he was connected
with like, Alabama Burton.
Yeah, be like, dragon Catherine Harris's ass out.
You think they were smart enough to put her back in a freezer?
And they ought to do the same with Dick.
Put Dick in a freezer, man.
Oh, I'm going to be a gagging and choking.
I'm almost over this thing.
But not quite.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's not all right.
No, I sound fine, but I'm just telling him, warning you.
I'm going to be, I got my halls mental looked this.
Got it in that room where you're sitting right now.
I just warn you ahead of time.
Here's our first poll today.
We got a pair for you.
Now, this story bothers me a lot.
And I don't know if you saw the footage on Thursday on the news.
We talked about it.
How about the relatives of the Seymour Shus?
And saying, oh, we just an accident.
Yeah.
Not condone this old man at the movie theater?
Right.
Was just an accident.
We feel real bad about it.
Of course, the old guy is dead.
Mm-hmm.
What the hell was the old man's name?
Irving Rosenberg.
Oi!
Irish?
Irish Catholic.
A legally blind grandfather charged with fatally punching a 74-year-old retiree outside
a Tamarack Discount movie theater, simply was defending himself at his cancer survivor wife
when he leveled the blow as attorneys told the jurors on Friday.
Bull crap.
And it may not have even been 69-year-old Seymour Shus' punch that killed the older man
said the fence attorney Jane Weinthrow in the opening day of Shus' manslaughter trial.
How's that sound?
Better.
Good.
Weinthrow, I'm getting the real dark green stuff now.
I love that.
That's always my favorite part of a cold when it's on a way out and you're getting the real, real dark green
from way down inside your...
Bracken, pals.
Where does that come from?
Lungs.
Does it really?
Yes.
Ooh, look at that one.
Purple.
Again.
Weinthrow told a Broadway circuit court jury that medical experts will testify that Irving
Rosenberg may have suffered a stroke or seizure the November 8th outside the Tamarack
Cinema 5 causing him to lapse into a coma and die 16 days later.
Prosecutors said though the evidence is clear the only person who needed defending that night
was Rosenberg who died from massive head injuries suffered when Shus' punch caused him to collapse
on the sidewalk.
This is so South Florida, man.
Right.
Parks and Faces.
So for Faces.
Spots and Lines.
Now Shus could face up to 15 years in prison if convicted of the single charge.
Both sides agreed the lives of Shus and Rosenberg, both the Orc natives, intersected when Rosenberg
gave a theater cashier two little money for the tickets for himself as wife and three other
couples.
The tickets were three bucks a piece but he only gave the movie theater employee 18 bucks instead
of 24.
Oh now this is a start to make sense.
Shus' wife who was behind Rosenberg in line then made a comment about how much money he needed.
The next few seconds are what's in dispute what Shus' state will likely hinge on.
Windtrap said Rosenberg returned to Ivan Shus and yelled shut up and loomed just inches away from her face.
Rosenberg terrified the woman who was out for one of the first times since breast cancer surgery,
Bondtrap said.
Seymour goes running over and the evidence will be that he went to protect his wife on Trap said
the evidence will be that there was no thought process other than to protect his wife.
When Shus went to help his wife two strangers grabbed them but because of his poor eyesight he had no idea what they were trying to do.
During that struggle Shus got tipped into mouth.
He then wrestled away from the men and when he did that's when Rosenberg got smacked.
Ready for that?
Ready.
So here's our first poll today.
What should happen to Seymour Shus?
The 69 year old Howard Mann who fatally punched the 74 year old man in Tamarack.
Look at all these choices.
Yeah, six.
Huh?
They're good.
Death penalty?
Which he won't get but I'm thinking.
Long jail sentence.
Take away a sweet and low.
Nothing it was an accident.
Make him live the rest of his life with Neil's mother.
Make him live the rest of his life with George's mother.
Or make him live the rest of his life with both mothers.
That is teaching.
That's what I voted.
1014 at 560 WQA.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
Zero closing costs.
Zero application.
Fee.
Zero credit.
Zero discounted points.
So get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand down loan your payments in only three thirty four months.
A two hundred thousand down loan your payments in only six is the eight a month.
And don't forget.
Once you be financed or give a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call them today.
1-800-940-Lend.
Get yourself the new low rate mortgage you deserve and then move on to your next property without further cost or expense.
You pay zero on your writing fee.
Zero dot fees.
Zero closing costs.
Even when you move to another property.
Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group.
For details.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-Lend.
And never ever pay closing costs again.
Financial group 1-800-940-Lend.
The Renekville Housing Lender restrictions apply rates have been to change monthly 4.21 APR.
One line in the middle of the year.
Sports radio 560-UAM.
Illowend-D-A-Y-S-U-Z-A-S.
Human beings are headed into the cosmos.
She's a rocket in my pocket.
Live long and prosper.
Permissions to Mars and to worlds beyond.
Mission delivery for mine.
Englubart Hopper d'Inquire with the first person on the moon.
Who is the second man in favor?
I don't say like those girls on a moon because that's where you are going.
I'm your planet.
How do you do that?
I'm Gaudi Bay here.
The Eagle Earth Planet.
I'm in the moon rocket one.
Oh, there you go.
Today I announced a new plan to explore space and extend a human presence across our solar system.
Come on, this isn't rocket science here.
Rocket science.
Rocket science.
Rocket science.
Rocket science.
Now what was that about taking over my planet?
Rocket science.
We may discover resources on the moon and Mars.
I was abducted by alien.
If I could light my own father's heck of flight of the moon, or at least your aim is...
I wonder what Starfleet command will say about that.
What's up?
So speaking of Mars, first of all, all that footage that you're seeing on CNN.
Yes.
It's all from New Mexico.
Right.
It's number one.
And number two, the Euros say that they found water on Mars.
Now what's that going to do to all the religious crap?
Nothing.
What do you mean by that?
Because we know that the Earth is only 6,000 years old.
And the fossils satan put the water there.
Right.
And nobody know that the universe is billions and billions and billions of years old.
How does that jive?
Does that jive with the jive in a Bible?
No.
Satanic scientists are wrong.
All your religions, man, now that they found...
Your...
Europe's Mars Orbiter has confirmed the presence of frozen water on the red planet surface
for the first time the European Space Agency be seen on Friday.
We've been tracking it on the South Pole and there we have detected water probably for
the first time agency scientist Jean-Pierre Bibering told the news conference a mission control
in Darmstadt.
If Mars once had surface water, it had the potential to support life.
Although Alan Moorehouse, the project manager of spacecraft operations cautioned it's
truly a draw, conclusions.
You look at the picture, you look at the fingerprint and say, this is water ice, he said, it's the
first time it's been detected on the ground, it's the first direct confirmation.
There's life on Mars, or there once was, just like there used to be in South Florida.
So all the illegal aliens at old Jews came in.
Speaking of old Jews, I read that buddy Nevin's piece in the Sun Central, of course, he's
anxious to begin with, and it's probably a lot of right wing propaganda.
But the fact is this, he says 44% of the Jews in Florida voted for Jeb Bush for
Reverend Bush for Governor this last time.
Are you ready for that?
No, no, no.
Oh, here's another good choice for the poll.
I like this one.
Yeah.
John and Columbia South Carolina, let's add this on here.
Come on Eric, let's get with it.
Make him live with Mo.
Absolutely.
I can't think of a worse punishment than that.
Some people might want to change that vote.
Now, this is a disgusting story.
This is so typical of the kind of crap that happens in South Florida where people blow
each other away over a parking spot and it's usually old farts and we old people miserable
nasty rotten sons of bitches.
What should happen to see more Shus, the 69 year old man who fatally punched a 74 year old
man in Tamarack, it is alleged.
41 votes.
14, make him live the rest of his life with both mothers, mine and your mama.
Hold me in.
Long jail sentence 12, death penalty six, take away a sweet and low five, nothing it was
an accident too.
Right.
Make him live the rest of his life with Neil's mother too and make him live the rest of
his life with your mother.
I don't think you've talked about your mama enough.
Oh, trust me.
I can see people.
Sure I have.
Have you?
Oh yeah.
Not enough though.
Maybe not.
So let's add that on there, make him live with Mo.
That will get some votes you think.
Absolutely.
I would think so.
WQA and good morning.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I was sub-boying for Columbine over the weekend.
Right.
And I'd ask that question about why are Americans so violent versus other cultures?
And what's interesting was my theory on it, which I'm sure a lot of people have talked
about, it's just that there's an ignorance and an uneducated population.
The population doesn't travel, doesn't go abroad.
And just that breeds ignorance and hatred and fear of the unknown.
And it just perpetuates itself.
Because I thought it was going to be an anti-gun movie, but it really wasn't totally
anti-gun in the center.
Not only the part where Charlton Hasden and with the Kmart.
Right.
Only that part, where it really has an interesting question.
I mean, if you have the same amount of guns here as in Canada, for example, why are we so
violent?
I think that's part of the reason, but that's just my theory and I was wondering your thoughts
on it.
Well, I mean, it's just a lack of values.
I mean, if you don't have respect for human life and if it becomes part of, it's the
wild west, we've never outgrown it, that wild west mentality.
You know, it's just like this president, this cowboy president we got, same in reality.
Right.
Well, I would recommend that to anybody.
It's just a very absolutely the best.
And I really enjoyed it.
Take care.
Thank you so much, Kelly.
See, the thing about Michael Moore, I'm glad he mentioned that.
Now, I've often said I'd love to see Michael Moore be the president, but if he ran for
president, did he have any chance, of course not.
No.
And you want to know why?
Because he's too radical.
The meaty would destroy him.
And let me just straighten out one thing.
Somebody called it on Friday and I didn't watch that last New Hampshire debate.
Somebody called him Thursday or Friday about the comment about president, Bush being
a wall, etc.
And I know Michael Moore has said that consistently, there's nothing new in that.
But somebody asked Wesley Clark about that.
Right.
And he refused to completely, you know, he just had no comment on it because he was taking
out of context.
And again, over the weekend, all the talk and it shows all, but the talk, I'm a deserter
and Bob Novak's having a nervous breakdown.
First of all, Robert Novak should be in jail in the first place.
That's number one for all that Valerie claims stuff.
He ought to be in jail.
And number two, he's a good one to talk about the ethics, okay?
The fact of the matter is he was a wall, Bush.
Yes.
And now, you know, see, this is the way it works with the media now.
And then is anything anybody does?
If you're far, the wrong flavor, right away you're going to be able to smell it right on
TV in a minute.
Right.
And then even you, you think, I mean, this Dean thing, he's done in terms of, and I'm glad
to see one thing.
What's that?
All these surveys that they're taking now, and you see them interviewing people to New
Hampshire, where they got, how many people they got in New Hampshire?
About 30, man.
That's all they got there.
But, and I got all the new, eight million new polls and they're all over the place.
All I'll carry is still ahead.
They believe Kerry is electable.
And Dean is not electable, and that's what bothers me, because that Dean is not electable.
Kapiche?
Kapiche.
Well, that's it.
That's it, man.
This year, and anybody with a brain, including those 44% of Floridian Jews voted for
Jebush, you people ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
What the hell is wrong with you, man?
Are you out of your mind or what?
Yeah?
Yeah, they are.
Oh, well, that's a good excuse.
Reverend Bush, with his, everything is Christianized this and Christianized that pretty soon.
Instead of they, you're going to have a big cross.
When you come from Wakecross, Georgia, there'll be another big cross.
Big cross, Florida.
Just a bunch of right winged, farbitioned, glam, as Dean's wife would say.
I love that bit.
I got a bullet for it over again.
She's fabulous.
I never thought I'd play any bit that had more Yiddish-in-ith than I use.
Marty and Miami says, if you ever drove in Miami, you know what a pain in the ass those
old people are?
The old man deserved it.
Let the attacker go as a matter of fact reward him since Marty and Miami.
Well, that's something to think about, Marty.
I don't know if Irving was a driver or not, but I guess he won't be no mole.
Right?
No point.
1026 is 560 WQAM.
Let me tell you about that.
Oh, you saw that McDonald's thing that documentary filmmaker.
What's the name of it?
Super size me?
No.
Morgan Spurlock.
You haven't seen that?
No.
He ate a McDonald's for a month, exclusively, and he gained 25 pounds.
And he didn't eat like all the same thing.
You know, he had breakfast and he ate the different things on a menu, salads.
He gained 25 pounds in a month.
Oh, yeah.
That McDonald's.
You didn't see that for real?
That is shocker.
I mean, no, it is not a shocker, but that's one of the reasons there's so many fact
that this but folks out there, why not try balance for life?
It's easy.
You don't have to worry about Atkins or Skeckens or South Florida Dine.
What is it called?
The South Beach Diet.
By the way, that's a scam.
You can go by the book if you want.
It's just ripped off Atkins.
But here's the answer for a balance for life.
Because they provide all the food.
They do all the figurine for you.
They count the carbs.
They count the glycemic value of those carbs.
And they make sure that you can lose weight with a delicious way in a little black sack.
That's right.
They bring in a little black sack every morning by 6 o'clock.
If they deliver right to your door at your work, at your home wherever you want to deliver
it to.
And even Dr. Atkins is changing his tune.
You heard him sing lately?
No.
See what I mean?
So anyway, here's the deal.
Katrina, the lovely Katrina at QAIM is lost 17 pounds.
She is the best and she's doing great looking great.
Her clothes are just hanging off her body.
You get the shoes between two choices for each meal.
They fill out the menu once so we can ask the only choice you have to make.
There's no shopping, no fig ring at all.
The food is fresh, it's delicious.
And you can watch that weight on the scale.
This pour off your fat ass.
So if you're sick and tired of trying all the others and you just can't stay on them,
do it the easy way because balance for life does the figuring for you and they prepare
all that great delicious food.
Call them today and lose that weight once and for all.
Call balance for life at 9.5.4.
5.6.8.32.29.
That's 9.5.4.56.8.32.29.
Or get more info on your website balanceforlife.com.
This is Sports Radio Pieces.
QAM.
Younger viewers, C-SPAN now offers a brand new reality show, Skydiving with Howard Dean.
Join Howard Dean.
He jets across the United States jumping out over some of his favorite states.
California.
Texas, New York.
South Dakota.
Oregon.
Michigan.
And then we're going to watch it in DC to take back the White House.
And coming soon to Washington DC, Cheer Animal.
His Skydiving with Howard Dean preparing this week on C-SPAN.
I'm not going to miss that.
10.32 at 5.60 WQAM.
Here's the second pull we're going to be doing because obviously they don't care that much about old man's choice.
But I do.
I'm disgusted by that crap.
By the instability.
That's one of the reasons to stop full to such a nasty, miserable, hateful place.
Most of the people I meet and I discuss that where they say you are absolutely correct.
I don't think it's debatable.
Even though Mando will come on a two o'clock and rip me for San and it's not only a bushly place but it's mean spirited.
Hateful.
I don't know why I say that every day because it's true.
Huh?
Uncivil.
Yeah, is right on.
Nasty.
Just like that story I told you about Walmart and I apologize to myself for having to go there and get that turl of thing.
Although I think it's appropriate.
And I didn't even tell you about my theater experience this weekend.
Yes, which was what?
I said, they take a birthday party of ten year old boys to the theater.
I don't need to elaborate.
Do I?
And what?
And there were many acts and halfway through the movie I turned around and said one of them, hey, S head shut the F up.
Really?
Yeah, it's like somebody slammed him back in the seat and they were quiet for a few minutes.
Here at Pooh!
All right.
I'm brave with ten year olds.
Watch me.
Some of them probably kick your ass.
most of them. Or maybe they might just teach you. Yeah, anymore. I think this tea is doing
me more harm than good, you think? What? What kind is it? It's a cinnamon herb tea. Oh,
I can't be. If it's healthy, it's poison. Is it? Yeah. Well, I'm going to keep drinking it.
You need industrial strength. Lips and here's the second pull we're doing now. What the,
I don't know, one day last week you did the thing about the best. Your favorite movie that you
would recommend pre-1980, was it? Yes, you did. Wasn't it? Something like that. I think because,
you know, a lot of us, we wait till it comes out on DVD or we're just lazy. What was the absolute
best movie in the last 10 years? 1993 to 2003. I got my book handy here on the floor somewhere.
Get just in case. Well, we'll have to check it out. I don't want like some 1990 movie like,
what year was Magnolia, for example? You know, like maybe three or four years ago? It was maybe.
Well, let's put that on it right away. How about Requiem? Okay. And Glen Gary Glen Ross.
Okay. Well, let's see. I'm not ready for this yet, but that's what we'll get to it to give
them a little something for their father. Church to pay $3 million in rape. Not again. Oh, Christ.
Sorry. The Roman Catholic Church. Now, the thing with the Mars business, and I know that not too
many people want to talk about that because you don't want to like ruffle them religious feathers.
It's bad for business. They'll even start break dancing in front of the Pope. Oh, they did that
already? Yes. I mean, how can you possibly believe all those bubble my seas that are written down by
primitive ancient people when we know that the universe is billions of years old that were like,
we're like, we're like, the little teeny tiny corner of the universe. We're like not even ahead
of a pin. Oh, no, we're the center of the universe. Right. Just like the sun revolves around the
earth. And the Pope's throne is the center of the world. And the earth, well, the Pope spends a lot
of time on the throne without too much success. That's why he and my mom get along well. How about
that break dancing? They're squeezing like crazy. Yeah, they were great dancing for the Pope. I
sure hope you saw the footage of that. How many times do we see that this morning already?
About third man. The Roman Catholic Church agreed Friday to pay $3 million to a woman who was
repeatedly raped as a young girl by a priest, setting a state record for the amount. All right,
let's hear it. They're setting records, man. Oh, right. It's going. You go, boys.
Setting a state record for the amount paid by a diocese to a single victim of clergy,
sexual abuse since the scandal broke two years ago in Boston. I think it's all appropriate that
it broke in Boston, you know, because the Boston, the whole city has been run by the Catholic
Church for a very long time. That's why it's such a paradox, Boston. Very, very liberal people
on the one hand and then a bunch of blue nose assholes mainly the church on the other hand.
Remember the Cardinal, Cardinal, Kushmir and Tachas? No. The settlement is among the first
to resolve claims against priest under a state law that allowed victims to sue the church for
decades old childhood sexual abuse. As many as 800 such claims, most in LA were filed against
the Roman Catholic Church last year, while the statute of limitations was temporarily lifted.
Jennifer Chapin, 31, said she was pleased to put her behind or behind her. The case against the
Roman Catholic diocese of Oakland involving accusations of 20-year-old abuse. I've run the
whole gamut of emotion, said the Oakdale psychiatric nurse. It's very valid aimed to be believed.
Church officials also said they were satisfied with the settlement. Is that incredible or what?
It's credible. Yeah. Does this go on with the details? Because it goes, uh, as part of her case,
Chapin and her attorneys made a 25-minute video which she detailed the abuse and its effect on her life.
The testimony was intercut with pictures from her childhood, one showed her while in a white
dress being congratulated by her parents and some priest on her first communion. Another was
her kissing the priest on the lips. Oh God. Do I see people going to get with it? When are you
going to stop? Is it ever going to happen? No. Oh, and speaking of that, I'm so glad I didn't
forget about that. Thank you for faxing that story because it's ablimable. Saturday or no Friday
afternoon on CNN, they ran a very lengthy piece which you know how much they repeat stuff, but
we probably won't see this one again about the Europeans and what they think about America and
Americans and the whole religion thing and how they're shocked. They're a gasped. Yeah.
And every time Bush or any other politician mentions God or anything religious or Jesus,
they have a nervous breakdown because they can't relate to it. They find it just appalling.
Jesus Christ. Yeah. Maybe now you understand why Europeans are like light years ahead of Americans,
at least between the years anyway. Oh no, you're just saying that. Yeah, right.
Happens to be very, very true. It happens to be absolutely correct. And even though they're those
big churches in every city of more than 3,000 people all over Europe, they're like, uh, you know,
they're a place to visit. Well, a tourist attraction. Right. They're landmarks. That's all.
Almost every one of them. Like the old church in in Hamstoy, they're right in the middle of the
name red light district. Every single, you go to Italy, every city with more than two people has
got a big old cathedral and Bologna in Milano, you know, they don't go there. They don't go and pray
because they know it's a bunch of crap. And so the piece went on. It was very, it was several minutes
and I just couldn't believe that they were actually showing it on the certainly not news network.
I guess they hope nobody was watching. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T. I'm gonna start taking
some suggestions. May I say about 11 something? 11, not 30 man. About 11 30 will change the pole. Put
up the other one. I what should happen to see more Shus the 69 year old Howard man who fatally
punched the legs. They 70 year old, uh, 74 year old man in Tamrak Irving, uh, whatever his name was.
Rosenberg. Long jail sentence 27. Make him live with Moe is catching up 23. Absolutely.
By the way, Hank hates Moe more than I do. Amazing. I ran into the Humper on a way out of the
building on Friday. You can't even oh yeah, here's another. Make him do 12 rounds with Tyson.
Yeah, sure. Anyway, uh, Hank just despises Moe and I can't even begin to tell you how much.
So Moe, if you're listening, which I'm sure you are, there's somebody in the building who finds you
even even more anxious than I do. I never thought that was possible. Make him live the rest of his
life with both your mother and my mother, George 21. Death penalty 13. Nothing. It was an accident.
12. Right. Are these people joking or what? They must be. Take away a sweet and low 11. Make him
live the rest of his life with Neel's mother too and your mama, your mama, your son. Like I said,
by the next time you're on, you better do the whole show on your mama. Oh, man. Well, you have an
impressed this audience enough with what a bitch. I mean, with what a wonderful lady raised. He's
psycho. You've never seen a George's mother and Celia Cruz together. It's the same person.
Mom's way lighter. I see. And unfortunately, she's still alive. Unlike Celia, she's still alive.
20 to 11 at 5. 60 WQM if you're in a really dead end crappy job, if you're underpaid,
New Year's resolutions are going to just happen. Plus January's almost over tied, you know?
Kick the New Year crap. Put your plans in action. Pick up the phone and call fast train toll
free at 866 fast train. Classes are underway already. If you're committed and dedicated, fast
train can help you in becoming a certified computer professional in just four amazing short months.
That's right. You heard right. You can obtain a new high paying career in only four short months
and get a new life and paycheck that goes along with it. The demand for certified computer
professionals is at an all time high. Fast train offers you convenient day evening weekend classes,
job placement assistance financially for people who qualify as well. So call fast train today.
You've got nothing to lose, but that bit and job you're in. Call 1-866 fast train. Check them out
of the web at fast train.com or whatever you do. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year.
Call them toll free and change your life for good. Call 1-866 fast train.
And here's to you Mr. Carfunko. Troopers found some part in your limo. All right.
God bless you please Mr. Carfunko. There's a hefty fine at you will pay.
Don't want a hundred bucks. Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
you
now you have a criminal record in our police files
then we have you to learn to help yourself
look around you all you see our dilated eyes
if you're getting stoned do it in your own home
and here's to you Mr. Carfunko. Smoking gun just
even though your home. Whoa whoa whoa God bless you please Mr. Carfunko.
Once I'm in no sure not locked away. Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
10-44-560 WDQM by the way speaking of religion Michael Mayo actually wrote a good
comment today Sunsend we ready for that get out yeah or yesterday's anyway I got it right
here I'm actually gonna read it later how do you like that Mike you go boy that's why that
thing about 44% of the Jews in Florida voted for Jeb Bush for governor this last time
is enough to make me gag enough to make me throw away my halivon speaking of halivon you know
that Julie Brimman they were interviewing me yesterday on George Stepan top of us in ABC
and he and his wife Hadasa on there with him and I was wondering if his kids are named like
UJA and Knesset or Halivai and Homentajan yeah not that he's so Jewish I ve he just uh he's what most
of us don't like about Orthodox Jews have not just speaking of religion again Merimar pastor
charge with stealing church donations I think you just make these up I do Merimar Florida past
has been arrested on charges he's still more than 50 thousand dollars in church donations
very our young 51 was on his way to teach Sunday school he was arrested by Miami-Dade
police economic crimes detectives in the parking lot of the Westview Baptist Church
young who's also a chaplain with the Merimar police department was accused by former church
members of taking money from building fund account retired police lieutenant Willie Golden
and then a church administrator contacted police in April about Young's alleged co-mingling of his
personal checking account with the building funds to divert money when church committee members
raised questions about the account Young shrugged him off golden said his response was on the pastor
said golden who was later fired Young's assistant Mary Maycock declined to a comment on the arrest
Merimar police have suspended Young to the criminal cases we saw in the onion how do you like that
that's in the Gainesville Sun no less Maycock five six seven oh five sixty pound five six you know
you're gonna keep me abreast of the ones that you're putting down on the list because I don't feel
like writing these down does he drink we got we got it do you have it at the end of it we got you
what was the absolute best not not a whole bunch that's why I'm trying to like make it clear that we
don't know I don't I can't stand that no more you know I mean no more yeah right no more than
oh I got a couple for you you know one we'll get a one it would be like going going into a restaurant okay
maybe like going into a fine restaurant like Ruth Chris and the waiter comes to take your order
you say well I think I'll have the steak well in the lobster and I'll have uh oh like Mr.
just take one no yes what was the absolute best movie at the last 10 years 1993 to 2000
three and it could be one from right now since it is an arrow in it it's an arrow it's an arrow
WQM hello here is is that him oh he's chewing on it he's chewing on the cord WQM hello
oh Neil yes sir
me I I think you didn't see mad dog performance last night on the sports show I did not I don't
want sports shows no me you should have seen him he was he was out of it okay I don't know if he
had too much in the afternoon yeah I can make green over before he went in but you should have
seen him there's slur in his words he was losing his train of thought all right at one point he
called Jimmy uh cephalo Jimmy sex and then he stopped you know he's sex alone yeah I mean it was
the fun I was actually embarrassed for him you know really I swear to God I hope I wasn't
imagining things but I'm telling you what he was I'm telling you I'm telling you I I
I I I I'm telling you I'm telling you the guy was absolutely like over Medicaid or you just
had too much to drink in the afternoon and you went to work anyway I'm not sure if it's the
the dolphins not making a playoffs are working with more audio this pushing to drink so much I think
there was a lot of football yesterday and he had nothing better to do there you go okay pali thanks for
the good news baby I'm gonna take a good thing that was a two hour blow job okay just calm down
just relax see that's what you get mad dog for ripping me and ask without mentioning my name on
a Friday about that Dan La Bastard column you're so wrong at least he could have done a say
kneels full of crap and people have choices people make choices well that that's the whole point
people make choices and if going to baseball game and supporting the team isn't one of them well
that's fine I mean I'm not I'm not saying you got to go but don't give me all this bull crap
about we need to do stadium and everybody's on a bad wagon and we love the marlins no you don't
you love anybody who's winning Roberto L'Oongo right now is playing so great for the Panthers if
he wasn't in goal he'd lose every single game I'm telling you that right now every game does
anybody care maybe a handful of people maybe just a couple of dozen people really care or appreciate
his play is unbelievable 40 50 saves a game just standing on his head you can't be they left
him alone there the last minute when I hit a goalie out for Boston try to try to tie the game
there at the end of the night and he's just basically left the loan and he's I felt sorry for him
just standing on his head pulling him out of his ass and nobody cares so don't be giving me this song
an answer about oh you know people have choices fine you don't have to support baseball or hockey
or anything else if you don't like you don't have to spend your hard earned dollars on something
you don't care about but then don't try to pedal us a song and a dance that oh yeah this is
really a big league town and we really care no you don't just like the doffins would have
song and a dance about wow you know football that football they had it like the tv station had
a buy up the last few tickets so the Houston game the home opener which they was it wouldn't be
blacked out can you imagine it or here's some bad news for it says some of those 10-year-olds
are taller than George and the Puerto Rican that's right yeah so watch yourself explain a lot too
the Queen Mary 2 is in town yeah why now can you tell me why that's a big story I don't know
front page of the newspapers the Queen Mary is back in town he says during the 6 p.m. news on
channels 4 and 7 when they say Queen Mary are they referring to Bill Kamala or Brian Norcross
or both you know Brian Andrews actually hey hey hey that was his voice that was Brian Andrew
hey bailout oh yeah absolutely bless you how can we don't hear nothing from him anymore huh what do
you mean oh that's him he's all the way what's that in your mouth get out of here Brian he's a busy man
they got the weather for you they got the news for you they got a lot of furries in channel 7 they
got the extension show on channel 6 and they wish he would go back to channel 7 no seriously I'm
so depressed that I actually saw that for you know I'm really glad you did oh my god that's
sure it was just I mean like he's trying to find a reason as to why that show is on the
year other than he's the paycheck I mean what what is the purpose of that show is it to entertain
inform does it amuse you I mean it's just horrible Rick go back to sit on them telephone boots
like Bob mayor the telephone books and do be in a news reader any voting you know getting all
better out of shape on channel 7 news and you know that's what you do that's what you do what
here's the Boston Globe now I'm going to give you all these poor results because we got the big
new handshirt primary tomorrow and you can look at any of these and you know decide whatever you want
Boston Globe WBZ poll right now carry 38 Dean 15 Clark 14% Edwards 12
Julie Rubin 12 less than 1% for poor Dennis Cousin's for the bad hair piece Nell Sharpen and 14%
on decided so that's an increase of 3% for Kerry from Thursday and Friday if you believe the
Boston Globe WBZ poll got it got it again against Bush now the the nationwide CNN poll which was
very exciting to see it showed Kerry 46 and Bush 43 in fact there's another there's we got
polls up the ass if I can say that there's another poll nationwide that showed that 52% now
don't want Bush reelected you ready for that I've been ready for 50% don't want to see
me reelected only for yeah and 44% do how do you like them apples so it's swinging in the other
direction and also another thing after the state of the Union speech almost every president's
poll there's approval ratings go up into polls didn't happen this time no they went down
they went down see they're not buying that song in a dance about while they have weapons of
mass destruction programs especially now that David Kay and even Colum cancer policies
well I might maybe not he had in fact David Kay says not only don't they have they never had them
they never had them yeah but how do you like them he wanted every single day including a whole
bunch more terrible weekend your kids and dying over there for nothing based on lies based on a
bunch of lies and the religious fanatic leaders over there say oh yeah we don't we don't like this
whole election plan it's not going to fly this way it's not going to work and they also had a
piece on CNN about how the women are being repressed now how pissed off they aren't fired up
remember we talked about that yeah the women who had equal rights in fact they probably had more
equal rights with men in Iraq than they do in the US they had fully equal rights with men not
no more if there's new ruling council if the government council takes over gets their way that's
one of the first things in their agenda and you know this Iatola Ali Baba that's pulling all
the money yeah I like that does he have 40 thieves they ask the experts is it I hear you don't
have 40 thieves he's got I'm sorry go ahead no that you know does he have the ability to to
call them all to combat and riot and everything and the the experts say yes and he's holding that
back if he doesn't get what he wants I see well how do you like that yeah now here's another
up all this is the scene see I'll give you all and you know it's like pick one you like it's like
when you take your blood pressure ten different times till you get one a reading that you like
the latest CNN USA that they galapol shows this is very the very latest as of this moment
carry 38% new Hampshire 25% for Howard Dean 12% for Jew Lieberman we gotta believe that for a minute
although see keep in mind independence can vote in New Hampshire and most of those independence
wind up voting Republican in the general election 10% for Wesley Clark and only 9% for John Edwards
now you can use that poll I don't know I don't know where they're coming up with all that Lieberman
number and so on and of course they're all an erratic frenzy and he's last 24 hours before
the polls open tomorrow morning so we'll see but I do like the fact that Kerry I'm gonna say it
again John Dean John Dean Howard Dean said a lot of things that I love I think he mobilized
energized a lot of people he got raised all that money on the internet they said it even since
that debacle in Iowa he still raised almost a million dollars on the internet that's great
but the fact of the matter is he can't win he can't beat W oh well and it's got that has got
to be the motto of anybody to the left of Hitler this year is anybody but Bush ABB somebody
some somebody that's right beat Bush lick Bush I think even the Cubans are going along with that
I'm a lick Bush not the ones necessarily who are hanging out with landrilla McGlory holds but some
of the other ones might not the ones calling us fine wow certainly not five six seven oh far
are we on the air today or what I thought this other poll was going to get an immediate phenomenal
response and so far nothing doing not much that's because he told them they couldn't do a do a list
and of course now that I got this you know at the end of the cold even though I feel pretty good
and I got most of my voice back it would be it wouldn't take too much to play the rack you know what
I'm gonna play a wrap back it's on the rack or send him to Iraq you know who's there last night
we made Macy boy he's great he is great that I guess that's why I couldn't turn it off there were a lot
of people in that room I like and then what's your name give the one of the awards for best actor
what's your name okay ugly dress Nicole yes and Tom Cruise of course was one thing nominees
and you should have seen he's given her the look and he's given him the eye and I'm thinking
of myself who are you people kidding okay who are you Kidman and the best part of it is he didn't win
the worst part of it is Al Pacino did win and then made that awful embarrassing he made a fool
of himself last night I mean if Mad Dog made a fool of himself we still love him but Al Pacino
he's losing a lot of points with me not that it makes any difference in his book but I just what's
this problem I think I hate to say it but I think he might be an asshole without he bad my
and he might be there are talented assholes out there I hear Robert De Niro's a real asshole that's
what I've heard yeah I have heard that's it yeah 1057 but you know that doesn't make them any less
great actors it's just that we look at them we like that the interrex diabetic is a truly
delicious meal replacement drink it just happened to me made for people living with diabetes but
anybody who wants to cut down the sugar and takes going to enjoy it too because it tastes great
doesn't have that aftertaste like somebody those other substitute drinks interrex diabetic is
sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar so like I said you won't have any of that crap
in your pus recommended by doctors and dieticians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition
just because they're in a hurry interrex diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement
that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus fiber and
antioxidants yet it's low unsaturated patent cholesterol in other words it's good for you
interrex diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free too and eight ounce can provides 237 calories
of easily digested nutrition try interrex diabetic once an I guarantee I'll bet you Georgia's
life on it you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before you can pick it up all over
town now interrex diabetic at public wall greens records Navarro's Sedano CVS other local pharmacies too
in fact the makers of it are show sure show sure you're going to love it care that they're given away
free full-size samples in fact they got a two pack now vanilla and chocolate flavor anybody
who calls their toll free number call one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine
one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or faster yet order online at
interrex diabetic dot com just click on where it says free samples tell them that old needle
sent you by for the delicious one get an additional special gift to just from mentioning my
my push call one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine
this is the new launcher show this is your brain any questions
oh
I do I do I do
oh no no no no no no no I think I'm single again it's hard to believe I'm married a friend
didn't know me it might seem like a play and did put it in he was to play
because to marry another one that's with me I will never set see
not with me baby I'm single again but don't worry none my legs did no fun no baby baby
oh
had it on
I'm not
baby yeah
they didn't do it mama stepped in there she put her foot down right on it
love it all three at five sixty double to q a m the best movie ever somebody
fax says when of course that's not the poll question last ten years but he says ever
lord of the rings the return of the king okay we put it down got it on in now what
we got so far magnolia
requies Glen Gary Glen Ross yes and that return of the king oh and that's it so far I see
what was the absolute best movie one of the past ten years 1993 to 2003
I am going to watch the South Park movie this week would be pleased to know very good
okay I will never get back very mind it's a musical now it's all right it's for you it's a musical
so just understand that when you go and go into it understand what that it's a musical they have
funny songs it's a musically formatted so what's wrong with that nothing just some people
are put off by musicals and I'm one yeah see yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line let me forget that Michael Mayo calm I won't
only the end of January he's already written one good column this year we might actually get
two or three this year right nice gone baby I said a record come into QI am hello hello yes sir
yes like speak a meal speaking I got one that had to that poll for that guy that killed that guy
yeah you take away his uh senior citizen card make a pay full price
oh excellent choice thanks pali I'm gonna take away all his senior citizen discounts not good enough
193 votes on it pull we'll take it down 1130 it's not getting like a phenomenal response because
that most people don't give a crap I guess it's par for the course I'm just not used to it
living in a civilized place most of the year I'm just not used to that
I can't stand it no mo you know what should happen to see more trust the 69 year old
count movie theater keep in mind the operative word there discount make him live with mo 53 what
is you you can't beat mo what a surprise or not I can try long jail sentence 48 please do I'd
love to see it everybody hates him man how no how would you feel if you came in every day to work
yeah and and knew that everybody hates you I play blow my brains out would you really no oh man
I probably just be a miserable and not only that but every place you've ever been it's been
the same no matter where you go you look you gotta look at a mirror and first they're off you
take off that horrible herpes but you look at a mirror even the muskrat up there can't stand you
I would probably live my life in denial oh with Cleopatra right make him live with mo 58 a
fate worse than death long jail sentence 50 make him live the rest of his life with George's
mother and mine 30 nothing it was an accident in 23 11.2% of you probably old cockers out there
the old cockers have computers some yeah they might probably they might be they might be cruising
on there you never know they might be trolling for prune juice death penalty 17 take away a sweet and
low 15 make him live the rest of his life with niels mother seven and your mama starting to catch
up George she's got four you go ma you go ma you oh fry love and 30 will change that pull we're
building our list now best movie the last 10 years and this is like I said last week it's
something actually useful we can do because opinions are like assholes everybody's got one but in
this particular case um you know we might accomplish something give some people an idea plus it'll
be good for the economy you go out to your local video store which hopefully won't be blockbuster
no which reminds me I got a blockbuster story here somewhere in my pile if I can find a god damn
thing or I'll say god damn can't say that Jesus Christ if I can find a gosh dang thing blockbuster
sued for porn on PG movies how do you like that really would very new jersey a couple who says
their four-year-old daughter saw hardcore pornography on a PG rated movie tape from blockbuster
as soon as the video company the plaintiffs who were not identified said the footage appeared on
homologne three tape rented while some time when you homologne there's some uh you know stuff
goes on on a homologne three tape rented April 7th from a glass bro store the pornographic material
allegedly appeared for 10 minutes after the movie credits for the 1997 film oh my god
created the lawsuit squirt squirt file and superior court blockbuster had a responsibility
to inspect monitor and ensure the quality and propriety of all video products purchased by its
customers Randy Hargrove spoke for Dallas based blockbuster inks head Friday that the company does
not carry X or NC 17 rated movies and depends on renders to return a tape in the same condition
it was given to them unfortunately there are those rare instances when someone will abuse that
privilege and damage one of our tapes he said see I think it was like a little little funny that
they pulled yeah it was fine well I think it's kind of cute and it's a four-year-old girl she
ain't got to know what it's all about she in fact she might look at it and say you call that a
penis yeah she might have said that let me read a random a coley coke in the movie here's a
fact that says I heard on public radio that David Kay has no doubt that uh didn't we just get
you talking about this yes I mean yeah president Washington's got bad title they're trying to make
a point there because I can't get to it but it just pisses me off when they start with something
I number one just got through talking about number two they've been on this all weekend long it's
been on our website it says what really gets me is when he added to it that he believes that
president Bush a Reese what does it say we see faulty and shoddy info from the CIA well what a
concept is this going to be Bushmeister's way out I thought David Kay was on our side it says whatever
that means I know what that means keep an eye on this the cover-up continues thanks you the best
this is Don and Delray oh and great hates you thanks a lot Donna I heard the same interview is
like oh I don't think the board break his break it you stuff up have a good point that David
Kay thing he says yeah yeah he's blaming it on the CIA not the president he doesn't think the
president was lying you see it doesn't make any difference it doesn't make any difference I mean
there's a shadow of difference there but the fact of the matter is that it was incompetence
and just to make a bunch of crap up and to top it all off and of course we know that they were
under pressure the CIA we've already heard that from George Tennant we already know that yes
that they were being pressured to put together a case because I mean see this is what wears me out
I know there's a lot of stupid people running around but we've already know that they had the
plan to attack Iraq in fact the day on an hours after 9-11 happened rum still was urging them
already to get the plans ready for the Iraq attack so they could so they could carry out a plan
they already had right when they got elected before they got elected 1999 I mean if we didn't have
so many god damn stupid people running around just like they got a call before we was talking about
the religion thing it's tragic so tragic people who are just so narrow who never go anywhere you
don't know what the whole world is all about and that god thing man when are you gonna give it up
already when are you gonna give up the bull crap stop living like a bunch of little children with
sandy claws oh line nine is reading that's always my very favorite qa am hello
what is it what do you say office space yeah you need some office space man in a rubber room somewhere
maybe with Sheridan somebody qa am hello hello how you doing up on the okay sir I didn't
watch the golden gloves last night that was channel surfing and it happened to go through CNN
and they had a campaign rally for john carry and I've never really heard him and he is a much
to look at but I'll tell you that he actually seemed pretty personal and he answers the questions
right away he didn't need it three by five index card right and as much as I didn't know too much
about him more before I think that he might possibly be but he's gonna have to get
the offer edwoods on the ticket but he thinks like he might possibly be the only possible
now I say I say Bob Graham for VP man that's the key yeah Bob Graham would be a good choice I
didn't even think of that again but he's in Florida yeah he was able to stand on his feet and the
answer questions right away and he just got to get him better hair piece maybe he can borrow
dentist cussinises or maybe you can borrow one of those that could be have a great day pali
back nothing wrong with kiri's a little scary looking no question about that saving private
Ryan somebody says best movie last ten years how did chase beer and love beat this movie
after the academy where they want to know they're outraged obviously and now no notable mentions please
they can't stop no they can man oh man I think I go out of my way I go through a long speech
like I'm like I'm teaching kindergarteners a little kids and it doesn't make any difference they
just will not stop with the list I don't want a list let's get you know eight million people's
opinion as opposed to one person with eight million a list should change the question to accommodate
them I see question should read how many movies at last half of even best with how many movies can
you name there you go in fact we'll do that tomorrow we'll keep we'll keep you on the year until
you run out how's that all right by the way speaking of interesting things and it's about time
we did something as the station is dying and it's like being on a Titanic you can feel us going
down even with that bogus book we're just we're losing it nice go on Greg you're killing us but we
got the hot couples contest coming back with the sometime this week right have another one
so be prepared for that start snapping them snapshots okay start popping it yeah new to
these highly encouraged you know I love Katrina but her mom could use some help you know I mean because
I look at this log and I wonder myself how much thought how many seconds did she think when she
is log out but nevertheless I'll tell you again balance for life is the way to lose that weight
the painless the easy the delicious way as opposed to a lot of other complicated maybe even dangerous
diet programs that don't work and why is it so easy because the people at balance for life
figure out the glycemic values of the carbs they prepared delicious fresh goodies nothing frozen
no additives no chemicals and it really is good for you and that's all you have to do there's
plenty of food in your black sack to keep you happy all day long so you won't be snacking and
cheating in fact there are three delicious meals and two snacks in your sack every day there's
nothing like having a snack in the sack and they give you that menu once a week you fill out and
you choose to have two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program these are the only
people with this kind of a program that let you choose between two for every meal and snack
on a program so if you're tired of being fat if you're tired of being gigantic and having no
energy and wearing puppets for clothing this could be the thing you've been searching for for a
long time balance for life it's so simple even anybody can do it even me call 954 5683229 954 5683229
or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com I guarantee if you stick with it you're
starting results with just a matter of days on that scale
Hi, and look all this is 4205 City
Play with these cities. It's NBC's new hit reality series the ultimate job interview
The apprentice starring billionaire Donald Trump. Here's a business to please if you'd
boss ask you if you want to sex with him and his apartment he only shows kings and presidents
you say in business you have to speak your mind don't be afraid to be heard or express an opinion
I have something to say I don't feel comfortable agreeing to sleep with you you're fired
he isn't then against the law mr. Trump to words for your sweet cheeks fired isn't that one word
you're fired the apprentice all right here's a business of guess you see my hair horrible hair dead
doesn't matter women across the world want me know why I'm worth billions you good looking
black guy how do you do with the ladies I do pretty well no you don't you're nothing let's ask
the ladies ladies if you had to pick which one of us to go to bed with who would it be good looking
for black guy or billionaire with dead cat hair dead cat hair guy thought so I love New York
the apprentice on NBC love at 19 you know I actually saw that the other day for the first time yeah
I saw some of that and I'm really sorry I can't I never liked him in the first place I'm not one of
these people who's in awe of people like a tons of money like Ted Turner who's basically there's
a lot of good things but he's a moron right or like Bill Gates who is a little wimpie quizzle in
nebish right and then like this guy and George Steinburn is another one but Donald Trump don't
impress me at all but I like that is money sure who they'll wouldn't but that show if you've seen
yeah I mean you know what it's all about his ego no it's about humiliation oh yeah yeah see
America doesn't want to show too much sex on TV because then the FCC will yank everybody's
licensed and take away other marbles so the closest thing we can get to like see in real SNM is
the humiliation thing which is why you got survivor and what's the one where they got to eat the
worms and the cramp of fear factor fear factor all of that garbage who's gonna you know who's
gonna stab who in the back now that's that's what it's all about now mr. Robinson yeah it's like
Donald Trump is playing Mrs. Robinson right yeah well he was there last night too Dustin Hoffman
how come they didn't have a big standing ovation for him I wonder that's right very underrated even
time proves he's giving like a little and a little look but here's an article you're going to love
from the India to the times of India Bush stole the presidential election says Tony Blair's wife
in a fourth right view that's likely to embarrass her husband Sherry Blair wife a prime minister
Tony Blair is reported to have observed that George W Bush stole the US presidential election from
Al Gore and she is absolutely correct man Sherry Blair still believe that Bush had stolen the
White House from Gore author Philip Stevens wrote in his book Tony Blair the making of a world
although Tony Blair was pragmatic about Bush's victory Mrs. Blair was far less sanguine about
the Supreme Court decision that gave him the keys to the White House she believed Al Gore had been robbed
of the presidency and was hostile to the idea of her husband co-zying up to the new president
even as they flew to Washington for their first meeting with a presidential couple Mrs. Blair was
no move to curry favor the book stated the book's disclosures of Mrs. Blair's fourth right
views will cause embarrassment and downing street because of Blair's good working relations with Bush
and the foreign and Commonwealth office although they will not surprise officials or ministers who
knew her well how do you like that she's a lot smarter than he is you go girl yeah I say Sherry Blair
for a prime minister for the Queen she maybe she can be the new queen here's our Cuban our one
Cuban Democrat and Miami who says long time list here by the way thank you for that excellent
link to the conspiracy theory info shame on you you better hide the Bush people are probably on
the way to get you well bring them on you know bring them on that's the new deal with everybody bring
them on you know it's curious doing that thing now to yeah bring them on okay let's wrap up this
other pool and get the other one on there what do you say all right we don't have many on there
because I've been rambling but that's okay I sound you know almost human how much you write
tomorrow I have the last messages of all this not out of my system hot hot showers it's on the
way out it's almost gone but it's that room right there you're going to be sick again soon I
was telling me I had this cut for three weeks the hump or head for three microphone and of course
you know when you have this crud you stay inside a lot so hang out what Hank was doing for three
weeks probably picking out kind of else to do you can't leave the house can't go to the titty bars
you can't go to the track you just stay inside and you're like picking out losing out tank plays
I love you baby your foot you're oh man just bursting out all over I keep telling these guys and
they all thank me mad dog Joe Rose the Humper they've all taken my advice just forget about
management they're not going to get any smarter just take the money right to the bank and they all
agree what's not to like but you've got to stay around you've got to stick around and live long
enough to enjoy it right right speaking of that what should happen to see more trust at 69 year old
a guy make him live with Mo 70 long jail sentence 63 make him live the rest of his life with
George's mother and Niels mother 33 nothing it was an accident you know they say that
about third man yeah shame on you accident my fat ass 12% say that take away a sweet and low 24
death penalty 19 that was my vote fries ass make him live the rest of his life with Niels mother 7
and make him live the rest of his life with Jorge's mama Eto mama tambien Sincol now there would
be a reality show out of 251 Eto mama tambien no both our mothers in the same room oh my god how long
an outline how many seconds I have left my third man wow okay here's the facts it says first my
cousin Vinnie should be up there best in the last 10 years it says you see my cousin Vinnie yes
thought it was adequate it's better than I thought it would be how's that oh and speaking of Sophia
Coppola because this this other thing here with the most recent deaths Sophia Coppola her nose has
sprout it's grown like triple what he used to be used to be gigantic right now it is like talk
about please big size that one for me her nose grew a nose wow she must have taken that right
on down to the 7 11 and had her then big size it you know she's got the money to fix it
yeah well when people like you would then say oh see that she had a nose job yeah no plus you
know what even if she fixed it no she'd still be grotesque plus she's probably getting laid plenty
man lot more you are guaranteed really it's a copula mother of filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola
an actress Talia Shire whom I love she's great and grandmother look at that grandmother
her actor Nicholas Cage yes did you know that yes who appeared in two copula's films one from the
heart and the godfather part two who published a cookbook Mama Coppola's pasta book Mama Mia and
whose images grace a line of pasta and sauces named for her nickname Mama Rella by January 21st
L.I. home of natural causes he was 91 that's old enough 91 what nothing
Ron Crickinberger he was the political director of the libertarian party
he died January 20th of melanoma in Washington age 48 but this is depressing it's the death segment
Ray Rayner legendary Chicago TV host he was also we've never heard of him do you ever heard
hosted the Rayner shine top ice firehouse little show best no I see best known as pound Oliver
O Oliver on WGN's Bozo De Circus which was very big die January 21st of pneumonia
the so many four Myers he was 84 that's old enough Dean Miller actor best known for playing
Mad Henshaugh spring Bynkins son along the TV comedy series December bride he died of cancer
and gross point Michigan January 13th 875 this is great thanks and they ought to update us with
this every day yes like we never used to do that thing off the AP wire with the what he used to
do the birthday list we'll do the death of the list oh yeah because we're a bunch of back to the
initial Albert Henderson character actor who appeared in a number of notable films including
CERPORCO CUBIN's bluff the postman always things twice and big top Peewee and was a regular on
the TV series car 54 where I drew played officer Oher no kind of Francis Oher died in L.A. at the
age of 88 and John Siobos from in the third I thought it said John Stamos they would be bad
wouldn't that be bad yeah well whatever now what do you mean by that he's not old enough to be
dying yet no but it wouldn't bother you if Blackie died no one in the world rock drummer who can
be heard on recording such as hello it's me by Todd Rungren and that's the way of always
her it could be by Carly Simon best known as drummer for Peter Frantin 72 to 78 he was found dead
January 16 in his Brooklyn Department of Unknown Causes age 56 there you go there's today's celebrity
death list on the Oroger show I like that we can make a regular feature out of it oh no no why not
how not okay when we come back let's start for serious getting some names on this list what was the
absolute best movie that you'd recommend one so lamented Uno of the past 10 years 1993 to 2003
what do we got so far let's Schmidt Candace other pull here Eric I don't want to get pushy but I
think we got the message make a older what's his name see more shots is moving in with mobs I
can just I can't wait to see that oh man yeah that's right an emotion look at him cross
side just a few of those will be good 27 after 11 at 5 60 WQA I'll tell you one thing if you don't
get a good night's sleep you wake up in the morning and you feel like you haven't slept at all
that's why your mattress is so important most people don't really appreciate a great mattress
is Bob Lassard used to say I'm used to say appreciate what you should anyway Donald
mattress knows that it's important to everybody with a brain to get a good night's sleep and that's
why they give you only the best merchandise no off brands no crap and now Donald mattress is proud
to add Stearns and Foster to their already strong championship lineup Stearns and Foster's the
finest mattress made in America and you can sleep on one as soon as tonight if you call that toll-free
number like all of us a QM have done 1 800 mattress and Donald mattress also cares all the other
top names in the world too they got your silly and surah Simmons King coil temper pete too you
can choose from dozens and zillions of models at low unbeatable everyday discount prices today and
everyday even ex-sookas and only Donald mattress gives you that 2 hour delivery window when it's
convenient for you any day of the week seven days from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. so all of these things put
together low prices same day delivery free set of an mobile you got to be crazy to go to your
vetting department store and get ripped off the only smart way to get you a great night's sleep
is calling Tyler mattress which I've been doing for years call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTR ES
or online it's mattress.com
an inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
Sultan Peta made push it one of the biggest dance love songs of the 80s
and to this day scholars still debate when a music history is tough as questions
what could the song have possibly been about
well sadly I don't know if we'll ever really get to the bottom of what this song was trying
to convey to the listener pop music historian Peta principal I mean push it this can mean a
number of things push the door open for example yes push that door open real good push the button
on that home appliance of yours push the button real good push the stuffing further into the
turkey you see how deliciously open to interpretation this song is but one renegade journalist
rolling stone rock critic Matthew Britney Spellas has shaken the music industry with his allegations
that push it could be about the insertion of the penis firmly into the vagina hey I'd look at that
song from every possible direction then it hit me Christ almighty this song is about
and
Matthew Britney's pal this is nothing but a bitter failed writer who wants to revive this career with
these accusations of push it being about the act of sexual congress next thing you know
who'd be saying all those rap songs about entering women from behind or actually about entering
women from behind a last we never know for certain what push it was all about only one thing is for
certain it's a big juicy shopping wet look at show business tonight on inside the behind and I
know the idea what it meant by that I'll bet you didn't love it 32 28 till now we got the man dog
to the saffron the hump are at the super ball and Houston and four six thirty its panther preview
panthers at the Rangers at seven that should be a push over nice go by the way with that first
yarmory auger game for the Rangers it was tight nine to one nine to one they get buried by Ottawa
any came to the hockey game and Joe Mark overnight Roberto Luongo ought to be like the athlete
of the year already in South Florida is anybody care no they don't even know who that is very sad
hope see what I'm saying good at tight and kid Ira who brought us lunch today well wants us to
hoard the station no problem anytime for you Ira no problem at all Atlanta City Sub
Sub presents super sub ball strap against it gourmet sub platter homemade beach bum brownie
platter for all you brownie hounds a large Caesar salad platter a bag of famous homemade croutons
and ten dollars in Atlanta City Sub certificate feeds up to fifteen people in 99 95 at Atlantic City
Sub's right now they do have good croutons they have great crout or croutons you can call them at
nine five four nine eight six eighty eight eleven nine eight six eighty eight eleven or there
were thirty three fifty five Sheridan Street in Hollywood half my west of I ninety five uncertain
street not too far from where we used to be when we were at the iode right on a real radio station
all the wind even a buddy but patching days I know I don't want to start reminiscing they weren't
all that bad you know what I know we had our problems we had you know we had run and run
and we had the engineers but engineers are always assholes but that was his name
raw and mad max but uh... and of course we had Tommy Kramer who did not do drugs in the 60s and 70s
right got some good news for the dean people by the way we're going to South Carolina yeah
Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico we're going to California and Texas and
New York we're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're going
to watch it and you see it take back away else anyway what did I tell you about the polls sooner
later you'll find one you like democratic presidential contender john carry holds a shrinking three point
Lee only three over Howard Dean on the eve of the New Hampshire primary according to a Reuters
MSNBC Zogby poll released today in other words five minutes ago is like let's say three thirty five
to fifteen with like twenty now it's only three percent Dean sheve four points off carries
advantage while I see this is another poll it's there carry leads Dean thirty one to twenty eight
percent the new polls on itwards is uh... jump in three points to narrowly trail west the
clerk for third place thirteen to twelve percent julie women remains static at nine percent don't
give us those static mr. Lieberman hacks a hoist there is no question the races tightened up
posted john zogby said dean stopped the bleeding in the middle of the week
and he slowly be
and he slowly began some of the support he lost
dean's favorable by well i listen i have no problem with him other than the fact i don't think he can
win and they're good if you think they made a monkey out of him so far just wait
i i think that they're salivating they're just lickin each other's chops during a white house
all those nazi bastards are goose stepping around i got the full gear on full uh...
over that over the screen
no salivating with the hope that he gets nominated
because they screened
because they can scare the paint not just let me say to you again which you seem to be
forgetting i said on friday i'll say it again he lost iowa he came in a dismal third
with eighteen percent
yeah okay
that was before any that was before any screen
before any wild speech before all of these things what's iowa
pretty god damn important unfortunately i don't get it when you're leading by a humongous
margin his performance in the debates was deplorable it was pathetic
and not to not only that but in other than he tried his life out all i can say about her is
i got to play that bit again a few times give me a break
play now man
uh... you want to play right now i can't wait
i can't handle a pressure here a little under the weather folks
well i'm sure she she uh...
now a word from howard beans wife
i tell her
i'm dr july steinburned
quiet presidential candidate howard didn't you can call me july not judge july
that's a different misguides people want to know
why i'm hardly ever on campaign trail with howie
hey did you get a good look at me in iowa i scared a crap out of myself
i make friends i've been so that look like a shena punum
stop me if i'm bombarding you with too much you know
anyway how he says after i showed up his numbers drop it
no i say that's a bunch of mischegas for those of you who don't the capista
irish that means crap how is a good guy
though he's what you might call a loose cannon he's got a pretty bad temper on him
i remember one time one of our kids left the cap off of the toothpaste
i thought he was gonna blow a gasket
zaveins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the
corners of his mouth even masuga i spent twenty three years with the shaggits
most of the time he's a mensch but on occasion i hate him
i think my husband howie would make for a very good president
one of the things i'm a little p old about is that how he doesn't let us have a tv
i want to watch sex in the city i got to schlep down to campaign headquarters
what's the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set
i have never seen any program in color so i'm no jockey kennedy
hell if you look at me i'm no Ted kennedy i don't wear makeup
i'm like a whisker away from being amish don't expect to see much more of me
during the campaign the only reason i'm addressing you today is because i was
able to chew through my restraints anyway gaza gaza that's here this for dr
judith time like over and out paid for by the committee to elect john kerry
president that line about what she's done my hair is breathed away from being
on the ship that's a beauty she's not in fact who's the bigger me skud her
or hadasa liberma what's a me skud we grow test i think
deans favorable rating script back up this week but almost see this is what bothers
me a lot almost half of likely new hamster voters still think it's unlikely he
can be president bush accrucial issue is democrats look at the november's
general election there are still some very serious dathameter whether he can
be president bush zon be set of dean who gained five points in the new poll
out of kerry gain one point and edward's jumped three points
levic candidate stayed level
lessly car can't go nowhere nope i'm sure bubble into happy about that bubble was
at the macarini yesterday in front of hundreds of cheering fans
and he basically said what we already know that this president is a moron is what
he said in fact they quoted in the article about it i got it here somewhere
one republican one bush supporter who said where the hell is it
i would just keep thinking that it a president bush up there trying to talk
like that said registered republican tim McClellan forty eight a pompano beach
i just couldn't picture it clinton is really articulate
but how do you like that yeah i know that what we got now is
more like that
so what do you think about him huh let's get rid of more once and for all okay
chronic compulsive liar who sacrificing american lives right now as we speak
towards it always that what it is yeah liar liar it's on the things on fire
okay what what's we come back from the break and we're going to get heavy duty into
a million calls because i know we're lagging on the second pool because a lot of
people a lot of vote yet because they don't like whatever the movies are up there
see what i'm saying we only got 18 votes and that's because we only got like seven or eight
movies on our saving prior raven god ryan's got seven my cousin finnie's got three is that a
guido movie yes yeah kopechi like i said a guido movie lord of the rings return to the king all
of these things two magnolia's got appear office face to glingerie glenoross one at storage
and recommend for dream one you vote for glingerie glenoross yes all right don't forget always be
closing abc
funny till noon at five sixty double to qm hey i'll tell you one thing speaking of
dining which everybody in the brother talks about it and if you're on the adkins which
believe you me when he was alive he didn't get this much publicity oh guess what i better not
do now when i'm doing the spot okay because they might carry it remember i told you about those
atkins indulge bars there's an atkins indulge ice cream all i would suggest to you is don't
indulge too much anyway the lights has got all kinds of good stuff they got breads and bagels cookies
and crackers chips and brownies chocolates their own ice cream pasta sauces ketchup in she's case
all low carb sugar free if you want any of those dyes whether it's the south beach dine the atkins
the skackens the susan summers whatever it might be and guess what the coast is clear now because
finally after all these years they've announced uh low carb is not bad it's not dangerous no more all
of a sudden the lights is open every day seven days a week from ten till ten and you can always try
anything in the store before you buy it they got a friendly staff that knows dieting inside and
out and they have the most complete line of atkins brands products anywhere they're on sale today
next to poor and all day every day so if you're on one of those low carb diets here's a store that
will really please you because they've got the variety that'll keep you satisfied on your low
carb diet for a long time do you like to waste the tickets on the northeast corner of glades in
four forty one right next to Boston market column toll free at one eight seven seven low carb
run a web you'll find a bit of low carb that's with the w low carb dot com don't forget there's
only one the lights of west book it's your official atkins retail center
we're sports radio five six u a m
in theaters now lord of the onion rings you're a fat idiot give it some food I want food
cheeseburger speeds are onion rings
lonely nissen cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix
shopping onions can be a charm he's fat and stupid
I'm a bad shut up fat boy
word of the onion rings good friend is morbidly obese
damn dude I'm healed I want to gain so much weight rich at sevens come some of frando
can can I can I show you a little magic
eleven forty six fourteen to noon at five sixty okay let's get this thing going for
serious now okay what you say okay okay you think okay what was the absolute best movie
at last ten years from 1993 to 2003 we've only got a short list so far
because we've been dicking around here with a lot of important stuff a lot of stuff is going
to change the world lord of the rings return of the king a dozen my cousin vinyne twelve
saving private Ryan ten Glen Gary Glen Ross eight Glen Gary Glen your Glen Hill office
base four Rick Williamford Dream for Magnolia's only got two in payback which I didn't even know
we put it on there's got none out of fifty two work ahead you're getting back how come Magnolia
does so poorly no I mean is my taste read that bad what is that all about
and don't don't start with the ending again okay I won't I mean if people would ask you should I
go see them you know it's a should I know movies like Magnolia and happiness
are art widely popular you didn't let me finish the question sorry if somebody were to ask you
would you recommend that I render by that movie and watch it what would you say I would say yes
well Shaw Shank Redemption was that within the last ten years I don't know
oh we got a fact checker in the other room over here really yeah I got my big book and a good
part of this is I don't have to look up the reviews and this one nasty of this British time 94
1994 Shaw Shank Redemption in by the way of Jason they used to work at our business
still as those things which I got I still haven't watched it and I'll never find it again don't
anybody ever loan me a book a videotape anything if you ever expect to see it again I can't
stand there that's why I just don't like it give you the movie here you can self-partedly just keep it
I will okay you'll never see it again that's fine five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
a AT&T and Verizon wireless line QAM hello yes sir speaking
what is it the usual suspects usual suspects is good thanks pali I'm not really sure it is good
didn't I say I was I don't think you actually saw it yet I didn't know who's in it Kevin Spacey
uh Vanicio del Toro um what's his name that other guy oh the other guy yeah uh-huh I forget
it's not a big combo yeah poopy compost wouldn't anyway usual suspect I know it's any other
room I got it in my Iraq it's in Iraq it's it's good maybe I'll watch that right after a
South Park the movie you think maybe you tell me five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T in fact what I should do what's that one that I like with Matt Damon well
Matt I'll tell you the town that mr. Ripley was good you wouldn't like it because you say it's a
fact movie I didn't say it's a fact movie other people did I never saw it so how could I say it is a
fact movie but there've been other movies that you've liked there were fact movies too there were
yes I forget there was one in particular and oh it just it catches you man with your pants down
so to speak you would like this movie you'd laws in it okay what's not to like I'll watch great
great beautiful a scenery in Italy man in Rome of course never have a vendor home being a
shelter that you are you don't appreciate it quite as much as I do I haven't seen cold mountain
that's the new Jude Law movie the top right now okay cold mountains get that on there Mollins out
right now he got nominated for that last night that he went no he's great Jude Law is excellent I
say it again if you I just I don't know how they do it it's like Abba who didn't speak any English
there were Swedes who Swedish girls who spoke nothing but Swedish right and all of their music
is in perfect English right they all accent they did mute their same songs in French and Spanish
as well in a sponual C C but in a sandwiched outlaw he speaks with a very very heavy English
accent he's a Brit of course give you the Schmidt and in the movies he doesn't unless he's
opposed to of course but like I can tell that mr. Ripley there is no accent at all now how do you
just lose it like that it's called acting I see what a concept I know WQM hello Neil yes man
hi I got one for your poll a lady already and it's not even new on Monday
right on Neil bowling for Columbine outstanding yes and they should don't you think that everybody
should be required to see that in the high school they should be forced in like in a clock
work or they should prop their eyes open with toothpicks and forced
they don't know I have two for your own recreational viewing on Boondock Saints with William
DeFoe and the devil playground about the Amish people gone bad okay have a great one Neil YouTube
thanks a lot okay but she was your bubbly and effervescent when she liked that a lot I mean she
was no Charlie's their own but you never know you never do know set up pictures right she was
very nice and it's so unusual that we have a lady caller anymore now that we're doing the
screen assault here but that's okay because the rating showed how many women we got
about 30 minutes that's all right that'd be enough to keep you busy for a while and Josh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 audio TNT line 68 votes and look what's leading Lord of the Rings return
to the king look at my thing 17 I mean I just like Indiana Jones you know that does they're not
movies that I would watch those aren't for you no Lord of the Rings is that the I would watch movies
with like heroes I mean I like Star Trek Star Trek Star Wars did I say Star Trek Star Wars
oh excuse me I saw I like Star Trek okay good movies after the first 2000 episodes of the TV show
we had a little bit stale the Lord of the Kings series were we're good movies yeah for what
adults yeah little chillin anyone really don't like that crap I know 5 6 7 I like a little more blood
stuff like that like a godfather man the problem is the we'll talk about movies that's why
I decided to do this one we talked like a couple of old funny duties which we both are let's face
it even you the the is coming Josh probably refers to you behind your back is the old man and me is
you know the ancient man the old man right finally the old fossil but you're getting up there man
no question and so now we're losing our grip we're losing all oh you do you know see a lot more
contemporary movies because you probably get boot like copies for free oh I got a teenager I got
to stay up to date with right see but I don't I don't see these because I'm just not inclined to go
rushing out to see the latest like what was the one cold what cold mountain cold mountain I have to
tell you what it's about I don't know Jude Law and North Carolina oh and war maybe he's hanging
out in the can yeah well let me know where it is now what was the other one with Jude law
talented mr. Ripley do you get that down I got it down okay you you should see it I'm telling
I will quite a story on free for people that you am hello hello yes sir oh I'm on screenless I
didn't know you're on screenless right now hey Neil I've got a good movie for you not for the pole
but one you might be interested in things okay and I think it's called wild it has Jude Law
is playing Oscar Wilde's lover really and it has an interesting movie very good and okay
got him and I bet your Oscar would like that is that that Oscar Wilde movie yeah
that's what he just said I saw that it was good yeah welcome and I think it was before
Jude Law was famous because I can't imagine pretty graphic actually the movie but I'll be
damn I'm gonna go out and get it today and I'm assuming you have a club where go orange on your
ball already last ten years oh sorry didn't know it was last ten years all right okay don't go
oh because I'm explaining you're like that you guys underline he didn't hear the whole
pole okay you mean a whole pool that's what's grand always says give me the whole
whole and they usually do what what was the absolute best movie of the last ten years not all time
we already been through that or pre 80 we did that we want a little more contemporary for people
under the age of a hundred 1993 to 2003 although I will look at it the other way more constructive
is that when you give and I said this when we took the poll last week when you give movies pre 1980
you think that most people under the age of like 30 say or 40 haven't seen those movies because
they're not contemporary and for the people that haven't seen them they're really missing something
that they don't go render by the DVD or the VHS if they're old fashioned or whatever oh by the way
to five years it's all going out CDs not DVDs but CDs going out right you see that on our website
mm-hmm no more CDs so what are we got so far Lord of the Rings Return to the King has got 20
saving private Ryan 15 my cousin Vinnie 14 Glen Gary Glen Ross has got 10 I'm shocked and
pleased with that very good God is that a great movie Kevin Spacey takes so much abuse in that movie
it's just a beautiful thing every character every line every scene is golden but it gets his
revenge in the end because I don't like you dad don't give it away well I didn't tell him oh yeah
office space seven alpha spacey seven the Shawshank Redemption 4 it's about a prison break or
something isn't about prison movie it's yeah prison I don't want to see a prison movie anywhere I
want to see no Jew movies either or go ahead I don't want to see this that's why by the way the
couple said he did not watch that that anti-Jewel Mel Gibson movie now they're changing their tune
right he didn't see it the passion first they said he gave it his some of approval and he said no he took
to pull this down out like uh Shawshank Redemption 5 Requiem for Dream 4 boiling for Columbine 3
Magnolia's got three we got another one with some good taste usual suspects too and none yet
for payback cold mountain or forest gump how did you sneak that on here Ross is it made me cry like a
little girl the fact that they made money with that movie and people actually liked it it made
me cry like a real screaming little girl life is like a box a boxy talk on it and ever since he
made that movie I hate him like poison Tom Hanks he is just he's just lost it he's gone
like that he he's considered like the Neil Diamond of movies now he considers himself like
you know what I mean he's legendary it's another epic with Tom Hanks just staying in the back
with the uh you know with the mermaid and everything come out okay
G
so after going to the bathroom ready to recall
way in and I call here.
It's AR.
That's
quite
Oh, guess what Dean is feeling?
We took third place and that's killing him right now.
Yeah, part in the four-way race he ended up last week,
he's going home right now.
Oh, I, you, huh, I, you, want, I, you, want, I, you, want, I, you, want, I, you, want, I, you, want, I, I, you, want, I, you, want.
It's 12, 0560 WQM, happy Monday to him.
Mad Dog a two with a Humper from the Super Bowl, and Houston at 4.
Who's in that Super Bowl?
And a Carolina against the Patriots?
Yeah.
Let's be talking to Josh.
Aren't the dolphins in that Super Bowl this year?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't want to rub it in, do I?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
It's a great sports town.
You know what you're talking about.
Okay, whatever you say.
Kobe Bryant, by the way, they're playing a race card.
They're aren't you surprised?
No, gee, never saw that.
The defense has now played their race card in the Kobe Bryant case.
And celebrity justice has learned that the basketball star is very first
interview with the police may come back to Hanum, to which I would say.
Oh, right.
Prius ass.
Bryant and his attorney Pamela Mackie entered the courtroom, where she entered the argument
that the basketball star's accuser may have targeted him because he's black.
During a bid to get the woman's medical route, and of course they've smeared her, I mean, like just unbelievably,
which is always, that's always the technique, whether it's Bobby Blake, whether it's Michael Jackson,
always smeared the accuser.
During a bid to get the woman's medical records and evidence of trial, Mackie told the judge,
there's a history of African American men being wrongly accused of rape by white women.
What, what, how was that movie?
Take a look at my bird.
Gregory Schmeck.
She asked me to come into the courtroom.
Eagle County defensor.
She asked me to come in and bust up a shipper wheel.
Eagle County defensor Craig Silverman says it was bound to happen.
He says race is always an issue, whether you want to address it on the surface or not.
But former Denver DA, Norm early, says he's saddened by the statement.
He says unfortunately, he would hope this case would go from beginning to end without this rearing its
ugly head.
You think there was head involved in this?
Uh-oh.
Let's see here.
Wait until it was the best movie, Cisarskir.
Casino.
Got a fax saying that Glen Gary Glen Ross is from 92.
Oh no, and that's your fault.
My fault, my bad.
How could it be that old?
You want me to verify it?
Oh, I'm looking there.
They printed up the, uh, from IMDB.
Well, if that's the case, then why do I need to look it up?
You don't, you don't.
Still, still go and see it.
It's great.
Should I have done it like from 19th Wittemont, from 90 to 2003?
No, I don't care.
Well, why not?
Then we can leave it on there.
All right.
Then all that all has to do is just change from, uh, 1990 to 2003.
Just change that date, Eric, if you get over the bar.
Yeah, 90 to, well, I mean 13 is a lucky number.
Worst from Madson Dean.
Danny Boy.
How's Danny Moreno doing?
Anybody seen him lately?
No.
Uh, Casino, it says I have got a Vegas three times and practically live at McCasunny, a
McCasunny, uh, McCasunny, Casino, since I've seen it.
But the best reason is it's the best because due to gambling, I've gotten divorced as Oscar.
Nice going Oscar.
Congratulations, sir.
Congratulations.
Can I nominate Harry Peter and the Sorcerer's boners as my complanation?
Isn't that cute?
Yeah.
It's real cute.
Good life, Mike.
5.670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
So Glen Gary Glen Ross will just change that 1990 in 2003.
It'll be a change momentarily.
Now, remember, I just read you that Zogby, a poll with the writers and Zogby and a couple
of other schmenders they found on the street with Howard Dean's wife.
She also was participating in a poll.
CNN and, uh, they're talking about it right now.
This side is, uh, is that obnoxious, uh, Wolf Loot's Creek.
Calling Boots tomorrow, but how reliable historic.
Here's the CNN time poll, okay?
Carrie 36.
This is as of right this second.
Don't even take a breath.
Carrie 36, Dean 25.
Clark, I forgot to write down my Clark Cat.
I think 13.
Uh, Lieberman 10, Edwards 10, and Prodenska Sinches got one.
One bad hair piece.
Well, let me forget that Michael, uh, Mayo column, okay?
Don't forget the Michael Mayo.
I'm actually going to read it today since I sounded a little bit more articulate today
than last week.
I think it's that studio makes me get like kind of stroked out.
I should have sprayed the microphone, slur all my words and get like a choking gang
and fag away.
Fight club.
Brad Pitt, the fight club.
I didn't say I would see it.
I didn't say I would like it.
I've seen it in the video store a million times.
Would I buy it?
What I watch it?
It's just good to it is violence which they like a lot.
And maybe they like Brad Pitt.
How about American beauty with Kevin Spacey?
That's a beauty.
I like that.
Sure.
That's a good choice soon to be a classic.
Now we're starting to expand that list.
Let's get the thousand movies on there before two o'clock.
Otherwise, you know, otherwise they look up and down.
Let's say, well, I don't like any of these or this isn't my favorite, right?
WQA and hello.
QA and?
Speaking.
What is he with Neil?
Speaking.
I got two movies.
Oh, well, that's good.
Oh, God.
I think that was the what's his name.
Oh, hey, there she is.
That was Irving that died.
Who's that?
Dean's wife.
Voting.
Oh, there's Howard Dean's wife.
Oh, my God.
Look at that punter, man.
She is great.
Oh, no.
A word from Howard Dean's wife.
No, I have to.
What's the term?
What punter?
The sky.
Oh, I love it.
Hey, tell them.
They are Shayna punter.
Shayna punter.
That's it.
I got to remember that.
As in par sheen, which means grotesque.
5, 6, 7, 8, we changed it yet.
He's going to work on it.
Just relax.
And then he just changed it.
As I spoke, that was excellent, Eric.
It was like a simultaneous orgasm.
Hey, you that gender specific that Shayna punter.
I don't know.
No, of course not.
Like Tom Brady, he's got a Shayna punter.
That's why Laura Bush.
Man, I'll tell you, he sure looked good at that thing.
I didn't watch the state of the interest for obvious reasons.
But they showed a clip of him sitting next to Laura.
She only wishes she could get her hands on that.
I guarantee you.
Wow.
Man, he sure looked pretty.
WQA him.
Hello.
Hello.
QAA, yes sir.
Oh, I just called the telly all about blow and Johnny Deeper.
That should be his favorite moving.
Good choice.
Okay, excellent combination there.
Thank you.
Johnny Depp, he looked pretty as skanky last night at the Golden Globe Awards.
He was there.
I didn't know what it was.
I usually, if I turn on, you know, I'm channel serving and I find one of those shows
and I just, I'm gone.
Right.
But there was something about that room.
There were just a lot of people in that room that I liked.
Like Johnny Depp, a lot of Shayna punters.
Yeah, some and some not so good.
And most of them are like, you know, all, you know, like Odyssey, a De Niro now.
I'm not De Niro, a Pacino.
Another greaser.
Odyssey, Mal Pacino with, he's got that little ponytail now.
You see that?
No, I missed that somehow.
And his performance was just stupifying.
It was just embarrassing.
Yeah, it was.
And he didn't want to shut up.
And the one Jack Nicholson now on the other hand, who looked like he was really 48
cheats to the wind as usual.
He got up as a presenter and he didn't say one word.
All he did was read the list.
He gave the, you know, it was very straight.
Well, they were.
Oh, it was.
It was Sharlesa Theron.
What about her?
He gave her the award.
Oh, very good.
Anyway, I thought he was going to like stick his tongue out of the throat.
He tried to give her an award.
And it was whispering into her ear and she was like laughing because he said her,
are you nice and relaxed to accept this?
Something like that.
And then he stood there and he was just like drooling and salivating.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 8th.
She's just a little girl from South Africa is what she says.
So that I'll leave.
She was there.
And I still say that that blouse she had on looked like several guys that like try to rip
that baby off her ass.
Come in to QA him.
Hello.
Hey, yeah, sir.
How about the prejuvating nuggets and epic Braveheart?
Braveheart, OK?
Haven't seen that.
And if I'm lucky, everyone, thank you, sir.
Braveheart, what do you say?
Sure.
I mean, not that we have anything to say if it's between 1990 and 2004.
It's all the lies.
Never the last four star movie.
Are you important?
Braveheart, it's excellent.
You would like to.
You'll melt your wisdom and combat and epic things happening.
Yeah.
I don't think I got to watch him objectively.
He just even before passion.
This whole paint on his face, if that helps.
Yeah, maybe a mask.
Why do I keep doing line four?
Everybody also getting screwed because there's some reason my finger is stuck on a four.
QA M.
Right.
You know, go to your QA M.
Hello.
Hi, I got a great one.
OK.
American beauty.
Just reach it to it, but it is good.
And thank you so much.
Just beat him to it, right?
Yes.
And why do I speak in a beauty?
They're showing duty on Channel 4 news.
I still can't get over that.
Don't we all know what crap looks like?
Never we all seem plenty of it in our lives.
We don't need to see baby car seats with crap on it.
OK, you ask holes in Channel 4 news.
Does it all with you, man?
If I say crap on here, oh, GD, here what he said,
but they're showing crap right there on a goddamn news.
In addition to which I think most people are getting ready
or maybe even already digging into their dinner while sitting there watching
the 530 or 6 p.m. news.
I got it since people like to use the word shock,
all the time inappropriately.
Shock news, Channel 4.
Yeah, Shock news on Channel 4.
They're giving me the real Schmidt.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
How you doing?
Yes, man, another lady.
Oh, I can't get over it.
Yes, I'm here.
I'm always here.
Hallelujah.
Thank God for you.
Yeah, I have a movie for you, Paul.
Something I totally enjoy.
There are a late from start to finish.
I love the Pirates of Caribbean.
Would Johnny Dez speak at the devil?
He was there last night.
I didn't get to see the Golden Globes.
He was actually there.
Yes, he was.
He was there.
Came to the country.
Probably he's got his return ticket, you know, hot in his hand.
Yes, but he wasn't wearing that stupid black stripe suit again.
Was he?
Nobody had like the beard in the long hair.
He looked really grubby.
I don't know.
I'm sorry, but to hand him a bar of coast or something.
I'm sorry, you've cleaned that young man up and he is so hot.
He's still, he's still can pass for like 25.
I was really can't.
He's, he's awesome.
So that was an enjoyable movie from start to finish.
Real I would pass him the soap and hope maybe you can hold on to it.
Yeah, well, you want to see him really grungy.
Go see that movie.
OK, thanks.
Have a lovely day, sir.
And back to you.
Pirates of the Caribbean Caribbean.
What do you say?
I say Caribbean.
Put it on there.
Are you like ordering him?
Like always Josh put these on.
Yeah, more good because he can't spell, but that's OK.
We don't mind.
We're not worried about spawning.
Yeah, well, he's in that sports crap.
You know, he's a sports nerd.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
Oh, there's the deans.
Your, your concession.
Busy Dean.
Howard Dean shows the play at 610.
And for Schlafer Dean, we that is your privilege.
I have to if I'm going to run for president.
She could be.
I mean, seriously, the thing I think it was they want apology
and I couldn't go a bit to the omission.
He makes Chelsea.
He is the most grotesque thing I have ever.
She makes Chelsea Clinton look good.
That's how obvious she is.
Once again, today, how are we going to get out of here?
We'll take a hike.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, if you're going to take the list back to 1990,
you've got to put the talent of the lands on there.
Was that post 90?
That was 91 91.
OK, excellent.
We'll have our pack checker verify that.
We'll have our bag checker checker.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot, people.
Enjoy.
So, a fast.
And I, you know, I really enjoyed my practice.
I was distracted because I'm looking at her.
Now, there's a donkey plus, man, with a tee.
Oh, listen, she'll be doing a weather on Channel 7
in the morning pretty soon.
If you leave it.
You should have hired a stunt double or something.
God.
I wonder what the first thing that Howard Dean said when he saw her face.
Yeah.
Huh?
When he writes something in the morning and tastes a look at that, he says, man.
Oh, man.
Good.
God, Alma, can you imagine waking up in the morning and looking at that?
Oh, look at me.
That is gruesome.
Can any race?
To reach its own?
Maybe that's why.
See, nobody, I mean, it would be very politically incorrect and extraordinarily
rude and people would accuse the media of piling on.
But maybe that's the real reason why he has been keeping her in a closet.
Wouldn't you?
You were running for any office and you had a wife that looked like that.
Wouldn't you keep her in the closet?
Absolutely.
You bet.
From it, it's past noon at 560 WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from the financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
Incredible.
Zero closing cost.
You pay zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points.
Get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000, your payments are a mere $334 bucks a month.
If you have a $200,000, your pay only $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you're refinancing to get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you will never, ever pay closing costs again.
So call and find out all the details by 1-800-940-Land by making that call.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move out of your next property without any
further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs.
Even when you move to another property.
Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25%.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
For details, here's the number to call again.
1-800-940-Land you'll never pay closing costs again.
Financial group 1-800-940-LAND either in equal housing lender, restrictions apply, rate
subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
Hello, yeah.
I was at it.
Screw up again, did it.
My bad, the last spot.
My, my, and local.
One more please.
What's real by 16?
You ain't a new way.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox.
I listen to you, Rodgers, because I can hear the word asshole.
Hey, asshole.
Do you have a green card?
No. Do you have working papers?
No. Do you have a visa?
No.
Driver's license.
No.
Social security card.
No.
Library card.
No.
Pass.
No.
No.
First certificate.
Master card.
No.
Amics.
No.
Under's club.
No.
Do you own a pair of gloves?
See.
A hat.
A rake.
It's tremor.
See.
It's tremor.
See.
Yes, powerfully floored.
See.
One more.
See.
Then we can help.
See.
We're in the United States government, and we don't care if you're here illegally.
Because we want you to work 17 hour days for virtually no paid.
While lazy Americans lay on the couch and collect welfare.
It's the American dream.
I love to work hard for no money, and living in a box under the bridge.
Pay for by the committee to re-elect George Bush.
That's the American fucking way.
Exactly.
1217 at 560 WDQM, happy Monday to you.
I think I'm getting a mong out of my system, you know?
Very good.
I think it's coming out.
I think it's coming out.
I think it's an herb tea in spite of what you said.
I think it like brings it all out.
Herb?
What was the absolute best movie last 13 years?
1990 to 2003 or like right this moment?
Lord of the Rings, we turn to the King.
28.
The Shawshank Redemption 24.
Yeah, I wish I could find that tape.
Jason gave me.
Did you see it?
Yeah.
And?
It was adequate.
It was fine.
There was nothing wrong with it.
Like I said, I'm sure glad I lost that tape.
My cousin Vinnie, 19, saving private Ryan, 19.
Glen Gary Glen Ross, 17.
Bowling for column by in 12.
A must see.
Office base 10.
Schindler's list is.
How did you sneak that to movie?
Oh, real slick.
Oh, God.
Oh, and coincidentally, or maybe not.
It's right tied with forest dump.
Very good.
Also tied with record for a dream, which I take that personally.
Don't not tell you watch it, dude.
What's that?
Schindler's list.
I will not be watching.
It's about a Nazi.
I already work with Irv Schindler at WKAT 100 years ago.
Okay.
I don't want to see no movie about Irv Schindler.
It's very good.
It's probably still pedaling for just a China.
Oh, and speaking of China, things are getting a little foul in China, you know what I'm saying?
Why is it that Southeast Asia?
Is it lack of cleanliness?
Is it lack of sanitation?
Is it the movement of people that are like our billionaires?
All of those things.
All of these SARS, and now we've got the, what is the bird flu?
What do they call it?
Avion?
Avion?
The airplane pronounce that.
We'll get sued by the Avion water people.
Requiem for Grim 6 Magnollia 4.
Usual suspects 3.
Silence of the Lambs 2.
Graveheart 2.
Casinos got one.
And only one for these.
Good fellows.
What year was good fellows?
90.
Miguel came in, and insisted.
I'll be now.
And that's his kind of movie.
Fight Club 1.
American Beauty 1.
One of the lot of greasy people in it.
Blow 1.
Casino 1.
And none for a cold mountain parrots of the Caribbean or Gladiator yet.
Oh, Gladiator, I've seen that one.
Do that.
I'm not talking about, well, Alex said the please add Gladiator, the boss on it.
That's another Mel Gibson movie, right?
No.
Who's in it?
Russell Crowe.
Oh, Russell Crowe.
Same person, isn't it?
No.
Don't they remind you of each other?
No.
I mean, Russell Crowe is a much better actor.
He's an islander.
They're both Australian.
They're both assholes.
They're both from Daananda.
How about Cbiscuit?
Somebody fax his.
He says Cbiscuit is an amazing movie.
You see it?
No.
Well, Cbiscuit.
I'm not going to go see that.
I mean, see, I don't understand.
It's like it's like Lassie come home.
Right.
What was that movie with Liz Taylor, the horse movie, Blackview, your summer battle like these deliberate heart-string polo?
Yeah, it's just, I mean, nobody really cares about Cbiscuit because he raised about 100 years ago.
And it was a wonderful little horse and a little jockey there who used to be Spider-Man and now he's a jockey.
And he wrote a bad race and he fell asleep at the wire and had one race and the guy's bitching him out the trainer.
And I've seen that promo a million times.
But if they had a movie about Secretary, I might see that.
Maybe.
I'm not, you know, possible.
But it's just, it's, I don't know.
You thought I'm saying that with the horse racing person in the first place.
The heartwarming story of the horse.
Right.
Exactly.
I'm just under that crap.
I mean, you know, Lassie come up, ban B, stuff like that.
It's for hearts and flowers people.
WQA, hello.
Hi, guys.
I'm Dr. Neil.
Yes sir, speaking.
I got one for the four.
Okay.
How about G Lee?
Yeah.
Oh, there's the comedy.
Do not put that on there.
Okay.
Yeah, don't put that on there.
It's just the guys just, you know, trying to start the way you put a few yuck's.
Yeah, yuck, all right.
Man, yuck is the word to both of them.
Ben Offlock and Jelo.
And they still keep trying to pump that.
Oh, I know.
I know.
They still like, I don't think there's anybody who cares anymore.
I think even they care no more.
No, but their publicity people.
Oh, now they're supposed to be official.
Who cares?
Don't just go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go to hell away.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I got a good one for you.
All right.
Nemento.
Hey, Nemento is sensational.
And, man.
See what?
Now, why did you do that?
Too.
Why did he do a pair?
That's what he has in his mind.
What do you say, Snatch?
Maybe that's what he's just thinking about.
Nemento, now don't forget the Easter eggs.
Right.
How many people do you think really, if they never heard us talking about that?
People, you know, they know what we're talking about.
30, man.
30 people know from the Easter eggs.
Nope.
And I still think it's some kind of a commie pinco conspiracy to drive us all nuts.
The Illuminati.
They, they cooked it up.
The builder burgers, I think, don't it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I'm going to write down whatever it is, I have no idea what that is or what it is.
We're having a fact checker, look it up to see if it even exists.
Oh, come on, he's not just going to make up the name of something like that, like the Life of Jason Gayle or something like that,
who's still going to lose a raceway by the way.
I beg your pardon?
Huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
the same crap, you know, they're all musicals, who the hell am I to see that?
And you know who's a little like that and you're going to get very upset when I tell you who that because you like her a lot.
Who Kelly Ripper, oh, I like that thing kind of pinched out, huh?
She's got a little needle nose, but I like her.
She's a good, although she has an Audi so that she's off and read this read this that she farts a lot.
Well, that's endearing.
Hey horse racing fans and poker players, Pompato Park racing and card room has got all the gambling action that you're looking for.
Just a half mile from both I 95 in the turn, Pike Pompato Park is easy to get to and best of all, Pompato Park features free admission and free general parking every day.
Live hardest racing in the poker room, five nights a week, not Tuesday or Sunday, Rich.
Hey, Rich, not on Tuesday.
Every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, poker starts at noon till midnight and live racing gets underway at 7.05 p.m.
Five nights a week.
Every Monday night, like tonight, at two for $25 dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor,
every Wednesday night is dollar night at the track for draft years, so does hot dogs and more every Thursday is ladies night with two for one
during specials and also every night of the fourth for players.
Lowns, there's a 7.95 pleated dinner special coming up tonight.
It's the next free spaghetti dinner.
No, that's not right.
That's the next.
Oh, that's a good thing.
I didn't do that.
You hear that?
Careful.
You didn't hear me say that coming up next Monday.
For more of the second is the next free spaghetti dinner night.
You don't want to miss that market on your counter market on your wrist right now.
Make a momentum.
This Friday, and I look at that.
This is the wrong copy.
Damn it.
Oh, I know.
And it's not the wrong copy.
I'm just planning ahead.
Sorry, Dick.
Sorry, Steve.
Just calm down.
The next Friday week from this Friday, February 6th,
Pompadot Park will be celebrating its 40th anniversary with a special night featuring live musica,
giveaways free prize drawings, family, fun night and tea card display,
tons more stuff going on.
Even while they had a seat, might win a race, but I doubt it.
Pompadot Park also opened for silent casting seven days and nights a week featuring the best in a harness,
through bread, highlight action from all across North America.
Feed a watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompadot Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
For the current race schedule, go on web at Pompadot Park dot com or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2,000 and plunge your lungs post time two night.
7 0 5 at Pompadot Park.
My and long.
This is 4 20 5 60.
You a month CBS television proudly presents 16 average Americans are abandoned in the middle of one of the
most unforgiving places on earth.
It's survivor, Compton, who will survive the drive by bohem.
As the two tribes of Housha Daddy's and my baby Daddy's.
Compeat for the immunity bling bling and not get voted off the hood.
The followed by a two and a half white man on CBS.
Don't forget Fox Dave used the new show tonight with Matt Dredge, a queer factor.
From 32 to 5 60 W.
Q.
A. M Roberto says monsters, ball is a great movie slave version of how Lee Berry and one could only dream.
Says Roberto.
Very good movie.
Is it?
Yes.
You seen it?
Have it.
You seen Arlington Road?
Yes.
Very good movie and Frank Faxson says the greatest ending of a movie I have ever seen of that up there.
It's stuck it up there.
I've seen many like that.
No, it's like one of the most surprising never-site coming endings.
Really?
Have we discussed this before?
I don't think so.
Arlington Road.
You would like it.
It's a mental movie.
You got to have a brain to understand.
I'm sticking it right over here and right after the show, I'm going to go grab it.
And it better be Dan Good.
It'll be good.
Here's the fact that says oh, Danny DeVino was there last night.
Suck up to Michael Douglas was a little bit even talked about the booze.
Michael Douglas rambled on and on and he just, I mean, he's not right, but he's just, I don't know.
Something about him bugs me, you know.
His height.
No, no, I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about the way he looks, but there's just something about him that's a little like Howard Dean.
I like him, but he's a little bit off.
Feeling the same?
No.
It's hard to explain.
I can't put my thumb on it nor do I want to.
Oh, he's now he's campaigning with the wife.
Bad move.
Just when he looked like he might be making a little bit of comeback.
It's a change, I think, what you have to ask why it's not just that John Kerry's doing well.
I see they're talking about electability.
This is what's on the mind of the electorate.
Okay, please, please keep that in mind.
I know people get very emotional.
They get all whipped up behind a certain person who, you know, touches the right buttons and rings the right bills,
but electability.
We can't afford former years of this fascist regime.
Anyway, Danny DeVino was there sucking up to a Michael.
Maybe that's why they hand him there with Michael Douglas because he was a lot shorter.
He came up to his knee and what did Michael Douglas have to do with cook who's nested?
He produced that was he the, I mean, directed producer something.
He was involved and I forget how.
Yeah, because he was talking about the fact that it was his dad who saw the script and discovered it.
Old break who couldn't make it last night because he was a little shaky.
I also was his dad wanted to be in it.
And I think it was a son, Michael, that said, nah, Jack Nicholson will be better.
And he was.
He was.
Can you imagine Kevin Kirk does this?
No, no, no, no, no.
Is it?
Kevin Spacey Danny DeVino filmed the big kahuna.
It says it has a public popularity of American duty, but it's a great film.
The big kahuna.
I thought it was Robby Young was the big kahuna.
Same.
Stan Creck.
Did you see the big kahuna?
No, no.
Well, get it on that list right away.
Maybe you'll go out and have to get it.
Go on out.
Maybe somebody will have to steal it for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on an AT&T line.
What was the absolute best movie?
Not 10, not 100, not 4,000 of the last 13 years, 1990 to right now.
Lord of the Rings, we turn the king 35, the Shawshank Redemption 27, saving prior,
Ryan, Ryan 24.
My cousin Vinnie 19, Glenyari Glen Ross 18, boy for Columbine 14, office space 13,
Shinler's List a dozen, sounds at a Lamb's 9.
I'm surprised, sounds at Lens and Doom better, aren't you?
It's a tough list.
Forrest Dump 8, yeah, it's tough, all right.
Requiem for Dream 6, Brave Heart 4, Magnolia 4, American Beauty 4, usual suspects 4.
Good fellows 3.
Hey, good fellows only has 3, Omega.
Well, his taste is in his Tush, except his wife.
From what I hear.
I hear he's got a lovely wife, Omega.
He has a lovely pregnant wife.
And why not?
Fight Club 3, Paris City Caribbean 3, Casino 2, payback 1, blow 1, 1 person out there
likes blow.
Memento 1, Chicago 1, isn't that the one with a lady Marmalade?
And what was that in Chicago?
Amulam Rouge?
I don't know.
Yeah.
What do you talk about?
The whole thing was about Chicago, you better get with it.
I never saw it.
Glady Inter and Steve Muscoot and enemy at the gates and the life of David Gayle and
Cold Mountain and Arlington Road and Monsters Ball and the big owner each have the big so
far to 220.
But we're just getting this sucker put together now.
Just relax.
Just hop on it.
WQA, hello.
What about politics and everybody say politics?
Nobody said that.
Is that what yours at?
It's recent.
For the 94.
I think you got it.
OK, thanks.
He did a hated politics.
It was just nothing but it's John Revolta and a bunch of gratuitous senseless violence.
But you know what they put on their french fries in Amsterdam and Holland?
No, what do they put on their french fries?
Couldn't be mayonnaise.
But that, huh?
Oh man.
Speaking of that, I keep telling you about how the food really sucks.
Well, there are a lot of people.
A lot of things that suck in Amsterdam.
Some of them are actually going around.
But the food is so awful.
Maybe that's why they're so big on the french fries.
And they walk around with these big huge paper things.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, like cones or something.
Yeah, like that's right.
Like a big paper cone filled with fries.
Hmm.
Sounds yummy.
Oh, man.
Real salty.
I never, well, this one I'm told.
I never had one.
And they have mayonnaise and they got that brown sauce.
They stick on them.
I think it's brown sauce.
Maybe it's from Channel 4.
They got that.
I don't know.
Because some people told me they taste like crap.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm pretty good.
How are you?
I'm good.
I'm good.
So I hear you go to answer for the tulips and not the pot.
Is that true?
The tulips.
Yeah.
Not yours.
Wow.
That's how it's really good.
The tulips.
WQAM.
Hello.
Do you want to speak?
Yes.
Neil?
Yes.
Speaking.
Let me say it again.
The movie that comes to mind that I watch all the time no matter what it seems is, is
it just a technical thing?
What was it?
You cut out.
Jack.
Yes.
Is it as good as it gets?
As good as it gets?
Yeah.
Jack Nicholson.
Was it you?
Was that the one with Jack Nicholson?
Exactly.
Okay.
Thanks, pal.
I get a new phone.
Please.
As good as it gets.
Was it the ring of Bell with me?
Nope.
Does that ring any Bell?
No.
Oh.
I'll be damned.
As good as it gets.
I think Jack Nicholson was the one in that.
Is that the one?
It's with Helen Hunt or something.
I think.
Oh, that one.
I saw that.
Yeah.
I love Helen Hunt.
I love where she's great.
That was actually a good movie.
Wasn't Helen Hunt in Magnolia, of course?
Was she?
Yes.
Helen Hunt?
Yeah.
Ever see Helen Hunt?
All the time.
How about the Vice President?
Five-six out of his Ramamanuel from Illinois who said...
Like in in Iowa it was impossible for him to make a stand after Iowa.
Everybody...
I'll get out of here.
He's hockin' with Wesley Clark now.
You know how many chances Wesley Clark has got slim and none?
Although I don't know, I could be wrong about that.
The Clintons are behind him.
They got their finger up his behind.
They're pushing.
They're holding onto a card.
They're pushing stool.
Real hard.
Five-six-seven, oh five-six-tea.
Did I really say that?
Pound five-six-tea on it.
I just...
I'm in coherent.
It's always a good excuse.
Never mind if the weather.
I'm taking it a lot.
We believe all these cold medications and everything.
Students basically say whatever you want.
Lord of the Rings, Return of the King.
I don't think they're going to top that.
Now, did you see that one?
Is that the latest incarnation?
Yes.
And...
Oh, that's the one that won the award last night.
Right, it's flawless.
Is it really?
It's the most spectacular look and piece of movie making
I've ever seen in my life.
Really?
Based on special effects?
Based on all of it.
Best good action, the story.
I mean, the story is great, of course, as you know.
And very well, I can keep it.
What do you mean, as I know?
All the meaning you've heard about the books all these years?
The books...
The books have been selling since the 20s.
I mean, it's incredible.
How about the Harry Potter or a survey?
Don't get me, sir.
Well, that's the point.
20 to 1 at 5.60, QAM.
My...
And Lull.
This is 42560.
QAM.
Fish Howard D.
Television commercial.
Take 47.
And...
Action.
Hi.
I'm Governor Game.
Sorry, Governor, we have to stop you there.
What are you stopping for as an award?
We had a problem with the lighting.
I'm sorry, I'm fixing it right now.
Yeah, you better fix it.
Come on out, let's go.
Alright, Governor.
Howard D. Television commercial.
This is Take 48.
And...
Action.
Hi.
I'm Governor Game.
And I'd like to talk to you about...
Hey, what is going on?
Cut, cut, cut.
I'm sorry, I trapped something.
Lily, please, you have to be careful.
I'm sorry.
Geez!
Sorry, Governor, this is...
Alright, well, let's try it again, okay?
We'll get it this time.
We'll get it this time.
And maybe you want to keep thumbs out of here, huh?
This is Howard Dean.
Television commercial.
Take 50.
And...
Action.
Hi.
I'm Governor Game.
And I wanted to talk to you about...
Cut.
He sneezed.
I'm sorry, I've got a cold.
He has a cold.
For the Lama Maple Syrup!
Get a Kleenex!
I'm sorry.
He's sorry, he has a cold.
Dicefully, will you come on?
I don't have all the time in the world here.
I gotta get diowa.
Alright, alright.
Here we go.
This is Howard Dean.
Television commercial.
Take them.
51.
And...
Action.
Hi.
I'm Governor Game.
And I wanted to talk to you today about what's going on in America.
I'm about to be...
You're about to be...
Hey!
Who's running for the White House here?
You or me?
Cut.
We have to get into the Blacks in the Browns.
Yeah, how many Blacks and Browns are there in Vermont, huh?
The whole fat white rich man on skis!
We're going to talk about Blacks and Browns!
Alright.
Pets that you know are being totally Indians!
What do you want?
You want to feather Indians?
You want to die Indians?
Calm down, please.
Let's knock this out now.
This is Howard Dean.
Television commercial.
Take them.
51.
And...
Action.
Hi.
I'm Governor Game.
And I'd like to talk to you about America.
You know, there's...
What is the...
What is going on here?
God.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Push me.
Push me first.
Who are you guys working for?
BUSCH!
We fired us.
We'll get it this time.
We apologize.
If I hear one beep,
you see this, my black pen?
Yes.
It's going to go right here, I.
Hey.
Alright.
Oh, cool.
I don't want to hear anything.
Just clap your clapboard
and just back away.
And let me do it, alright?
Hi.
I'm Governor Howard Dean.
And I'd like to talk to you about America.
What America needs?
Where America is going?
Where is this commercial going?
Can I get some direction here?
You tell this nice thing.
Hey!
What did I say?
Don't you say anything?
Can we bring it?
Hey!
See the pen?
Can I?
No talking!
I think we've got it.
1246-14-1-5-60-QM.
P.P. Peppy says,
who A. Gilbert's Grape's was a good movie?
Okay.
I'll take it to work.
Do you write that down?
I like to part where he said,
I need some action!
Oh, Leo, oh my god.
Leonardo DiCaprio pulled off a stellar performance.
It says, also, um,
see, I'm trying to avoid where they like got more than one.
Here's one that says,
my vote of the best movie last 13 years,
the player, great ensemble cast with multiple complex intertwining stories,
best modern criticism of Hollywood that still applies today.
The player sounds awfully familiar.
Yeah, you wouldn't like it because it has both
whoopi Goldberg and Lyle Lovett in it.
Whoopi Goldberg!
It's a three- rodent's movie about Hollywood.
It was very good.
Whoopi Goldberg!
Oscar-Killer Ken Robbins.
Robbins.
It says, how can you forget Bob Roberts?
Let's get that on their 1992 qualifies.
Good movie.
Never saw it.
You ever saw Bob Roberts?
I never saw Bob Roberts.
I got it right here.
I got it on my hand right now.
Oh, I'll lend it to me.
I'm Bobbin on it.
Here's one that says,
and as a huge Star Wars fan,
I would love to say either the Phantom Menace
or the Attack of the Clones,
but I can't.
Which means they sucked hard.
Oh!
What a shame.
Yeah, whatever.
I mean, Star Wars was fine.
You know, the first 45 episodes was great.
And after that, enough already.
Okay.
That's not why they sucked.
How's that little shrimp doing, Bobbin?
He's got a wife, you know.
Who's that?
The little Star Wars guy.
Towards Lucas.
Not George Lucas.
Luke Skywalker.
The Luke Skywalker.
No, what's his name?
Mark Hamill.
Mark Hamill.
What's the remember?
He got that bad wreck in his vet
and started to face all that long, long time ago.
Nobody's wife.
He's got a wife.
It shocks a lot of people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
Do I know those stories, everything?
No, I don't.
2 a.m., hello.
Two.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how about the Matrix?
The Matrix.
Now we're talking.
Now part, which one, which part?
The first one, of course.
They messed it up after part two.
Okay, like they always do.
Okay, thanks, pal.
The Matrix.
So now is what is that called?
Is it just the Matrix?
Well, thanks.
Definitely, good.
Part two, blue.
Well, I'll take your word for it.
That's definitely not my kind of movie.
No.
Definitely.
Lord of the Rings, we turn it over to the thing in the King.
40.
Saving private Ryan is God.
3rd man.
Char Shank Redemption is also God.
3rd man.
Do you believe that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I've been here until I was 19.
My cousin Vinnie's still got 19.
Been stuck on 19 a long time.
I guess we ran out of Guido's.
That's all we had, 19.
Guido's.
Right.
Pulling for Columbine 16, office space 13, silence of lambs 13,
chindlers list 13, forest dump 12.
You see, this is what makes me upset about America,
about the world I live in, the planet.
Let's go to Mars right now.
I'm packed.
Forest Gump has got 12.
Good fellows is, directly in for Dream has got 7.
Good fellows 6 and Magnolia 5.
Did the American beauty 5?
Okay.
Right.
I mean, what kind of a, I don't know what to say.
What kind of a person thought that Forest Gump was the best movie?
I guess somebody doesn't go to a lot of movies.
Maybe that's the only one they saw.
Do you ever think about that?
Or someone with the IQ of Forest Gump.
Forest Gump.
That could be.
Oh, you mean the Bush people.
Forest Gump 12, Brave Heart 7, Requiem for Dream 7.
Good fellow 6, Magnolia 5.
Uh, usual suspects 5.
American beauty 5.
Paul fiction 4, Fight Club 4, Pirates of the Caribbean 4.
Cassino 3, only one for blow.
As good as it gets as go on, I think Jack Nicholson was in that one, right?
With Helen Hunt.
With Helen Hunt.
Payback 1, Gladiator 1.
See Biscuit 1 and after that small potatoes.
Here's the one that says, oh, again, see Biscuit.
Favorite movie last 10 years can't recall ever watching a movie and have the entire theater applauded.
Wow.
I have.
What was that?
What movie was that?
Oh, Lord of the Rings for one.
They applauded the movie.
Sure.
See to me, that's tacky.
I mean, I can see sometimes in a movie there's a scene in the audience because of an audible response like, oh, you know, like, like, a day.
Especially in the Tamarack where there's no refunds.
That was after Shendler's list.
They said, oh, boy.
By the way, it says the life of David Giel was an outstanding film and so you were saying I don't even think it exists, mister.
Never heard of it.
Were they very unpredictable and shocking ending a shocking ending a must see star Kevin Spacey Kate Winslet who finally got away from Leo long enough to do a good movie and Laura Lennie won't be disappointed.
The life of David Giel putting that on my pile.
Okay.
Well, Kevin Spacey's in it can be all bad.
I'm writing it down.
Now in that movie is he in the closet or out during that movie.
I don't know because I think that in Glen Gary Glen Ross, he was like kind of undecided.
He didn't have time to think about it because he was taking so much crap from everybody in the office.
He was definitely taking it in the office.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
Good. Enjoy your show for years.
Thank you.
I would like, I know you just added full fiction to the list and I believe Silent to the Lambs came out in like nine year 91.
I don't think it was after 93.
Well, we extended to 90 because of Glen Gary Glen Ross.
So we stretched it out 90 to 2004.
Oh, you just throw me off now.
What are you doing in the middle of your children?
That's okay.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Okay, you too.
Well, he's trying to...
Hey, at least he's trying to like keep us on a straight narrow path here, you know?
So I don't have a bunch of all kinds of glitches on his pole here like somebody trying to tell me that the Mulan Rouge was like Chicago.
I would swear that that was in Chicago.
The whole thing was about you.
I can tell you.
I mean, I wouldn't go to a movie like that because I don't go to musicals.
I can't stand musical.
I believe that Mulan Rouge is about the club in Paris though.
Yeah.
To my understanding.
Paris, Chicago.
Paris, Illinois.
Paris, Hilton.
Well, what does Mulan Rouge have to do with Chicago then?
Nothing.
You're wrong.
Okay.
You're wrong.
It's about Christina Aguilera.
Yeah.
And Madonna.
Oh, wait.
Christina Aguilera, what's that famous pizza place in Chicago?
Where she's going?
All the cheese in the middle of the night, little scissors.
No, it's not a little...
No, where they make the real thick pizza.
So you don't know how your Chicago man, you were there for at least 10 hours.
Yeah.
Thanks, Disney.
You cheap bastard, you cheap skate.
You're a miserable drunk and Irishman, you God.
Everybody hates that, Mike Disney.
And then the coast goes up in it.
Isn't that a joke?
Anybody believe that?
No.
I don't think the other stations should know that key queries have an nervous breakdown over that book.
Why anybody would pay attention to that last book?
God, you got to be a Mulan.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Even Mul with those numbers.
And no, anybody knows he ain't got squat.
Even he knows that.
Don't forget, in the one o'clock hour, first order of business will be that Michael Mayo column.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, trembles and so do I.
Good column, Mike.
Good Jewish boy, Mike Mayo, who belongs back on his sports pages.
But he's trying hard.
About two, three times a...
Oh, and yesterday, what the hell was the show?
I was watching and they had Dave Barry on the panel who had...
I didn't say anything even belong there.
It was some political discussion.
Oh, boy.
And Dave Barry was on the panel.
I looked at him and I thought to myself, everything that's wrong about South Florida is sitting right next to him.
When we do the poll for, who's the biggest nebys you ever saw?
Oh, my God.
He makes Bill Gates look like Hercules.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Good.
Come on, we'll know pizza up in Chicago, first of all.
That's the one, right.
That's one of them, right?
Yeah, listen, how about training day?
Training day?
Training day to movie.
Okay.
Okay, you got on.
You're a good day.
You two, dog.
What do you say, dog?
You see that?
It was a good enough movie you had to be...
How about training?
Ridiculous ending.
Training spotting?
Yeah.
What about it?
You want to put it on there?
I'm not going to watch it.
I'll put snatch on there before I put train spotting on there.
You'll put snatch on the train?
Or will it be spotting?
Snatch on the train.
Yeah.
Snatch a train.
Well, so what do you mean you'll put it on before these people are making these suggestions?
Okay, and I'm making suggestions.
Put them on there.
Don't like giving us an argument there.
See, this is the problem when you deal with a militant, hard-ass little spick.
Yeah.
A guava-loven spick.
Who said train spotting?
I did.
Oh.
You don't think...
You're the one that was always telling me I had a worst of it.
I thought you hated it.
Oh, god.
Oh.
Get your head out of that.
Oh, man.
And it gets worse.
He had his arm and air up to his goddamn armpit.
You missed the bus scene.
That movie was the pits.
I don't want to even hear about it.
It's sitting in my cupboard and my cabinet right in the other room.
So he craps in the bed, right?
Oh, I don't want to hear about crap.
I'll watch channel 4 if I want to see crap.
Okay?
I don't want to see crap.
Bound emptying diarrhea episode.
Even my mother would be embarrassed by that.
And she's just dying to see crap, especially in her bowl.
But then she's going to watch them all up, right?
Yeah.
And then he's going down.
I don't want to hear about it.
Oh, Jesus.
Everybody's having breakfast.
So why don't you want to put that on there?
Oh, we can put it on there.
Of course I want to put it on there.
I was just being a hard ass.
Yeah, as usual.
Sure.
Why not?
Lord of the Rings, we turned the King 42.
I'll let you in the top five here.
Saving private Ryan 31.
Charge, anchor redemption is still got.
Fuck, third man.
Glen Gary Glen Ross 22.
And in fifth place right now, my cousin Vinnie is finally got 20
guitards like that.
1256 at 560 W.
Come down.
Let me forget Mike Mayo.
I won't.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks for the food.
Thanks for the food.
Thanks for the food.
Four of my friends handed my wife away.
And  was more than faithful to her.
Do you understand she's going to have to vote?
Oh, no!
And all other workers.
She did.
This will that she died.
If she, in next week,
the Chinese dumplings served every evening during New Year's celebration. With each meal,
every child receives a traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm. And if that's not good,
enough ammo cost is better. It's regular buffet delights, of course, as well. Start off
with any or all of six different kinds of soups. Dozens of succulent entrees like New York
strip made of order and a sizzling Asian grill, new seafood, Saint Jacques, oysters on a half
shell, a lask and stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp scampy every night, and then
try the hand carb primer of their new Thai specialties too. You'll never walk out of the
camera coast with a pounding, throbbing MSG headache because guess what? They don't use
any MSG, no cornstarch, no crap. They cook all of their goodies only in cholesterol for
you all's too. They feature a full salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh room cocktail, and
after all of these things, if you still buy some miracle have room for dessert, they got
a great dessert station too. Featuring Belgian waffles and pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream
with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too. Amulacoste, three locations for you
in South Florida. Sunrise, they're at Pylano de Forty-Fourth Street, Con on Zabito just
north of 163rd Street, North Miami Beach, and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke
Roads and prestigious Pembroke Pines. So take the entire family, the entire orifice with
you for a business luncheon, and let the folks at the Amulacost do the cooking for you.
Take out and deliver available two call 954-5723822. That's 954-5723822 for the unbeatable
Amulacost Chinese buffet.
I said yo yo yo it's the one to two hour yeah boy.
So many trips to the grocery store eventually I lose some weight some day. Things that I'm
really just fading my ass through the door. I miss here I'm looking more pudgy. But the
room is not beating this one I like it you want to know by now I'm
and figure the house out. Just look at the fat on my tummy and it seems
that you waste the time. We're toes new diets out mama I'm fat looking me I'm
still.
Oh freaking out.
Thousand four-door resolutions you will pop up pop up pop up pop up on the eating
like one fat cow. Don't hit me one of your
favorite food.
I can fly it folks because I expect that.
I'm just coming.
Sure I may be out of my mind.
Eating more and not working out. Wish me luck losing weight while I'm
doing it.
Yeah kind of a porky look on his face last night he was there I think Billy Jo
on believe I saw him. Yeah. What was he doing there? I was he doing it. He's a celebrity.
Is he I see and Eric I don't was there I'll say it again was the idol he was
I don't know. Reservoir dogs 1992 quentin Tarantino. Yeah that's on there we
put it on it talked about that 80 million times you seen it yeah and very
quenching. Very quenching.
Shaw Shank Redemption is so overrated says this fact it's totally
simp ass movie. Wow poor guy who didn't do it goes to prison but banging crooked
warden escape all it sounds like Moa with that the opian Anthony thing.
Everybody lives happily ever after it blows so freaking predictable it says if
every person prison ever made every prison movie ever made was edited down and
up with Shaw Shank Redemption. Thank God I didn't watch it. Very nice. I know
I just you'll never give it back. That's why I only gave it an adequate it
not a lot of surprises. And this is my favorite facts of the entire year even
though it's only the 26th. Good Michael Mayo column in the Sun sent a local
section. By the way don't forget to read that Michael Mayo column. Oh what I
do with that I think I lost oh here it is. I mean how many times that I
mentioned I was going to read that today. About 30 men. Yeah sure it was
deliberate. I see. Well thanks for the chuckle it was good. Michael Mayo
writes in yesterday's scum sentinel is it appropriate for a fundamentalist
preacher to screen potential judges by asking if they're Godfaring individuals
and is it appropriate for a self-described prayer warrior someone who says this
country was founded on Christianity to even be on the state committee that
nominates local judges. Welcome to governor Jeb Bush's Florida. Old
fashion fire and bermstone is in notion such as separation of church and state
are out. Last month we had governor Bush dedicated the nation's first faith
faith-based prison the Laughty correction institution by saying I can't
think of a better place to reflect on the awesome love of our Lord Jesus
than to be here at Laughty correctional. Jesus Christ. Good Laughty Miss
or whatever. Almost 800 inmates will try to rehabilitate your prayer and
religious studies. Now we have the case of the Reverend O'Neill Dozier
founder of the worldwide Christian Center in Poppano Beach who's asked
judicial candidates about the religious beliefs while serving on the 17th
judicial circle. Circuit judicial nominating committee. I didn't know there was a
judicial circuit judicial nominating committee. You don't have to be a rocket
scientist or a political scientist. Another something just not kosher about
this my sense. Water Blake and other member of the Broward JNC said he saw nothing
wrong with those you're asking candidates if they were God fearing. Said
Blake I think it's an extremely important question because it has to deal with
values. I think you can also ask a person whether it goes to church on Sunday
or sitting on Friday nights. And what about atheists? Somebody might be an atheist
and that's fine and somebody might be Islamic and that's fine. That's their God
Blake said would it discourage me from approving that person? Absolutely not.
An atheist might have more values than a person that goes to church which just proves
that the question is irrelevant. I'm deeply concerned. Said Todd Iranavitt,
say mommy attorney, passed president of the Florida bar. The governor should
immediately appoint an impartial commission to review the conduct of JNC member
Dozier in order to ensure the integrity of the process. By his own quotes he indicates
he has no concept of the separation of church and state. But Bush's general
counsel, Raquel Rodriguez, last week stated that Dozier's place on the committee
is safe. In response to a letter from state representative Dan Gilbert,
Rodriguez wrote that the nominations process in the 17th Circuit is fair and
appropriate and that Dozier has assured me he will not ask such questions again.
She said that no judicial candidate is formally complained. On Friday Dozier said,
I'm not talking about the JNC anymore. I want you all to leave me alone just
get off my back. Who are you trying to satisfy now? The homosexuals, the liberals
because they don't like me, you people need to quit. Homosexuals, who said anything
about homosexuals. Antigay Redrick is part of Dozier's routine and religious
conference last year he called homosexuality something so nasty and disgusting it
makes God want to vomit. Pushing down the church state wall is another. He's
threatening to sue Pompo Beach if he can't invoke Jesus name during benedictions
at commission here at meetings. Dozier has the right to believe what he wants but
why would anybody want him on a government committee? Dozier who has a law degree
has been on the nine member committee that screens potential judges and
browers since 2001. When vacancy and eventual rises the committee interviews
candidates and forwards a list of three finalists to the governor who makes a
selection. The processes become more worrisome since the governor got final say
over all JNC appointees in 2001 before then the Florida bar and the governor
each appointed three members and that group in turn selected three others but now the
governor can pack the screening committees and the bench with like-minded souls.
Who knows what agenda is they're pushing behind the closed doors of deliberations?
I'm fearing something today but I'm not sure if it's God's his Michael mail. Very
good. I didn't read that right for a sentence I'm fearing something today but it's
sure not God. Got it. Sorry Mike. Scooted it all up in the last line. Well good
column. And keep in mind 44% of you morons out there to Jews in the state of
Florida voted for Jeb Bush. Oh brother. Talk about a death wish maybe those
of the Jews for Jesus. That could be Jewish for Yashke man. Okay, getting back to
our poll please because I'm almost running out of voice. I think I did pretty
good. Now we'll turn it over to George. He was the absolute best movie
the past 13 years 1990-2003 which one which one of these or some other ones?
Lord of the Rings we turn to the King 45. It must be sensational. It is.
We'll never see it. Thought twice. Saving for well you made up for me.
Saving private Ryan 32. Tad with the Shawshake Redemption 32. I hear it's just like a
re-hatch of all the other prison movies. Yeah.
12th Fiction 26. Glenn Geary Glenn Ross Glenn Hill 23. My cousin Vinny 22.
Morning for column by 19. Silence of Lam 17. Office space 15.
Now is that when you said you seen? I saw it at a grand not bad. It's a comedy and
it was cute. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to rave about it. It was fine.
Shindler's list is tied with Forest Gump and quite frankly because I've heard you talk about
Shindler's list so often. But I think about Shindler's list. I always think about
Forest Gump and the same breath. No. 13. Good fellows. 10. American Beauty's only got 9.
That's criminal. Yes. Brave Heart 8. Usual Suspects 8. Requiem for dream only 7.
It's been stuck on 7 a long time. Man, your taste is in your touch, folks.
Magnolia only 5. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. And you want to know why I don't think
and most people have seen either one of those. Correct. Am I right? You're right.
And why? I don't know. Well, Magnolia can understand.
Oh. Casino for power to the Caribbean for Fight Club 4. Matrix 3. Gladiator 3.
The big Kahuna's got a pair. Payback one and everything else is even
Seamus gets only got one. Thank God. I'm just I'm not in those cornball movies,
man. You know why a lot of people haven't seen Magnolia? Why is that? Because it's cool.
Magnolia. Nobody's going to run out like maybe some fat chicks run out to see movie called Magnolia.
I see. So in other words, men won't go see Magnolia. You know how the you do.
How about office space? How about on that's a great name. It's a movie flower.
It's a gay asked flower. Men are going to run out to go see movie named up a gay asked flower.
Magnolia is a gay flower. I mean, if it was named Pansy, I could understand it.
Same same difference. If it was called Blood and Guts, the juror then they'd run out and see it.
Yeah. How about if it was called Braveheart? That sounds pretty corny to me.
There's a little gay sounding title there. Yeah. It's not telling the gay.
Is that Mel Gibson? I don't know what's his name. That's Mel.
Oh, don't tell him that. But it's violent. Bloody gory guts. Good.
And Braveheart. Hopefully some of his lot of guts. Oh, yeah. You see.
I'm the true man. What was it? The true man.
Oh, but don't put it down. Don't you know how that was? Yeah.
That's that. We're not putting you on there. Even if it's a good one.
Why didn't put that on there? It's okay. We liked him, Carrie, right? Yes.
He's kind of scary, but not like John Kerry. Anything good about that movie?
And certainly not like Howard Dean's wife. Boy, she is. Wow.
Woo. We know. No, I don't do it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Pretty good. Good.
Good. I get one of these stupid phone lines that it was phone rings like 20 times in it.
Disconnecting. I call back and it says you're called busy. What's up?
Similar stuff, man. What's up? You use the pull and go back home where you're seeking that Rayman on there?
Can't do it. Can't do it, Pali. Please. No.
All right. Sorry. Rayman 1989, I guess. Well, I mean, we can keep pushing it back and pushing it back with just the 10. Huh?
Tonight. Well, no, I mean, we did. We did leave the gap. We cut it off at 80. The last pull. Right.
See what I'm saying? So maybe one day when it's really desperate, we'll do a pull like, you know, from 80 to 90. Okay.
Okay. Like tomorrow. No, I'm just kidding. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 TNT Verizon Wireless Land.
Mad Dog, who we had a report was a little bit tipsy on the sports show last night.
I can't keep track of which channel. So sure. So even tipsy. I don't think that. I don't think so.
I don't know what that's in here under. I know you got it there. Just relax. There's the Joe and Bo Show. I love that.
In fact, maybe Joe has been a tough season for jet fans. What does it mean to you now on the team struggling?
I want to kiss you. I couldn't care less about the team struggling. And I want to kiss you. Thanks Joe.
Yeah. You're smarter than Joe David. Part of the Ford decade team. We'll see these guys in half time.
I want to give you a kiss. Yeah. They're struggling. He's such a moron. Man. It's just, oh, God, as he dumped.
He could play, but he's sure a moron. 500 after one at 5 60. And of course, he was a little bit.
He's so maybe the mad dog was just honoring old Willie Joe. Joe Willie Joe's Willie.
And maybe you try to emulate him on the channel 10 last night. If you're in a really happy dead end job underpaid, well, maybe see this thing with new years, I'm going to cross that out.
Don't you think could you please? I just I'm tired of a Todd direct not wanting to write any new copies making a fortune off all these accounts.
You're a robber, Todd. All you are is a you're a grave robber. Quave Wappa. You're just stealing whatever they give you on that check man. You're stealing it.
Anyway, if you want to change your life and get yourself a real career and a real paycheck and get away from that God for a second place, put your plans in action this year by calling our friends at fast train.
Call 1 866 fast train classes started this month. So they're going on right now as I speak. So if you're committed and dedicated fast train can help you in becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months.
You heard me right in just four short months. You can change your life for the good. The demand for certified computer professionals is at an all time high and fast train offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes job placement assistance financially for people to qualify to.
All it takes is one easy call to get your life going in the right direction call fast train today. Check them out on the web first of you like it fast train.com and then make the call 1 866 fast train. Whatever you do, don't miss the opportunity this year to hop on that fast train 1 866 fast train.
And the man named Howard and he told us how we'd like to have a day George push the feet.
He's really making way.
He's a fellow. We've got the green. We're all casting a vote for our team.
We're leaving to me. This is a free. We're all casting a vote for our team.
Because leave us to me. This is a free.
1 17 at 5 60 WQM. Here's somebody says I'd like to suggest Ellie confidential is my favorite movie the past decade also it says. I'll vote for Dave very a thousand times as the worst of Miami if you had a poll about it.
He's a total asshole who thinks it's high comedy that South Florida's run by a bunch of corrupt. No speaking English fascists.
OK, well it is and he thinks it's funny. Really funny Dave. Sadly, he's one of people surprised. He's wrote text and he's an idiot. Never said anything funny in his life. Ever.
And his columns are in newspapers around the world syndicated.
But then again, so is somebody else we know. Beautiful mind somebody says how can we have gotten this far out of the show in one o'clock hour because we don't have beautiful minds.
I must be it. I'll get that on there right away.
And let me say it again. Watch the whole thing don't wish muck like I was. No, it's it starts really slow right and it's not what you think it is.
Kind of like Moe show it starts off very slow. Absolutely, but I'm like Moe show it actually picks up some steam later on.
As opposed to Moe show which we chop off as soon as we can. Absolutely.
48 for Lord of the Rings. It's a beautiful thing. The return of the king.
48 nobody's going to touch it. Think? No.
Shawshank Redemption 37. Paul fiction 36. Now those top, although I did see Paul fiction. I was going to say the top three I would never see, but I already seen Paul
fiction. It's too late. Paul fiction might give it a run for number one. It might.
A lot of people like that gratuitous violence and they love hearing about the mayonnaise on the fries and the Amsterdam thousands and thousands of times.
Saving private Ryan 34. Glenn Gary Glen Ross 23. My cousin Vinnie 22.
Vowling for column by 21. What was that other mat day? And we started to say about two hours ago.
The one that we can't you can ever think of the name for born identity.
The born identity that's VO you are any. It's good. Boring identity.
Did you see it? No, I'm good. I'm a list. I'll watch. Good. You know, I almost did the other day. Good.
Not the wrong with it. He's good. I know you don't like him. Cut it on cable, but it was a half oversight.
Didn't. My cousin Vinnie's got 22.
Boring for column by 21. Well, that right there. That should tell you a lot about America. My cousin Vinnie 22. Boring for column by 21.
Doesn't that tell you what you need to know? Of course, nobody. Not too many people are seeing Boring for column by it.
And you want to know why? Because they had to go out and rent it or buy it. Right.
Sound as a lamb 17 or office space 15. For his dump and chindlers list and good fellows 14 of peace.
American beauty nine Braveheart eight usual suspects eight. Requiem for dreams only got seven. Magnolia got another one's got six.
Don't listen to George. Okay. It's just propaganda. You should really get over your anti-submitted. He doesn't like the fact that there's like a bag.
Six minute is a fact character when you make me see one of the best segments in the movie. What are you talking about?
Also the guy from life in which I never think of his name. Hardy Johnson. It's not already Johnson. It's not even close to arty Johnson.
He's he's he's Johnson for the bartenders Johnson, but it ain't already Johnson.
That would be Q a.m. Hello.
Yeah, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I got one nominated movie. Okay. How about spun spun? You ever heard of it? Yes, I have.
You did. I have heard you didn't like it. I didn't see it. Okay. Well, I have got a great day. I got to like that echo. We had an echo in it like spun.
Is that like Alan Greenspun? How are Dean? How are Dean the other day? I said Alan Greenspan out of going and he'd later in the day said, well, I don't think so. Really? Yeah. Well, he you know his advisors, his handlers.
They're handling him. They're handling him right on a right out of contention. WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, for your poll groundhog day. Groundhog day. There you go. Can't beat that. Right? What's not to like, man? Come on.
Have a few yucks. Putting it on there. Sure. It's your why not? I never said WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Mr. caller.
Hey, it's the donut man. The donut guy. Okay. How you feeling? Pretty good. All right. Hey, I want to add to the list face off.
Face off was in 1997 with Nicholas Cage and John Travolta. Sounds like a hockey movie. No, I'm just kidding. I know you are, sir. But no, excellent.
What went into directing it and what came out of it phenomenal? Right. Okay. Well, we got you down. Thanks a lot. Take care. Good. Good. Voice there. I don't think I've ever heard a movie more universally panned than face off. Well, he liked it. Okay.
See you're making fun of that guy. He likes so. I can make you see it. No. Did I see it? No. No. Are you going to see it? Got you. I don't know. Oh, like I said, probably not.
Now, one thing I will say and maybe I'm mellowing my old and my ancient age, but I watched that thing last night a little bit of it. The golden gloves, the hour.
I mean, for me to watch an hour in a word show is just. It's my mind. Cause first of all, I didn't see any of those movies. Now one of them, not one.
And I watch it for the movies, although they show their clips. It's kind of interesting. But I watched it for the people.
And I was sitting there thinking to myself. See, number one, it's the media again, who harmed these people. And we, you know, we have to know whether this one's a son of a bitch or whether this one is supposedly divorced 45 times.
And what difference is that make these people provide a lot of entertainment? And I'll grant you that it's just, you know, it's just a suck fest where they sit around, you know, panning each other on a back and sucking up a lot of booze.
But nevertheless, they provide a lot of entertainment. There's a lot of work that goes into making a movie. I mean, a tremendous amount of work that goes into a real good movie.
And most people don't realize that. They just take it for granted. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. That's why Magnolia, for example, for getting about the ending or whatever. Hey, I just use that. That's a bad example.
I mean, there's so much that when the writing of that story and the characters and every, every person was every soundtrack.
My God, it was unbelievable. All the acting and the make right, editing because the editing was great in that movie. Right. The asked to ask part was edited best. Wow. I could have gone for more. I heard it was breast by test.
But anyway, you like Rick and for dream, but you won't watch it. You're hard asked people out there. Oh, well, we know her. That Miguel saw it. He didn't like it. Well, there's proof right there. Hey, right. I like this better.
You know who should be forced to watch that movie? Your mom rush. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He was getting a few more.
She can't. Yeah, pop a couple more right. Someone will have to go to parallel porn.
What's the song? Oh, I know what it is. Amy man. Mm-hmm. Do I have that in here? Oh, yeah, I do have that. You want to?
What? I figure for it. Like with Amy man.
And I love Amy man. She is great. Even though you don't like that movie. I'm telling you folks, take my word for it.
Go out and write me a little kill a whole day. I'm like in a weekend when it's really boring. Like after the Super Bowl. And there's no more football.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello. That's how I like to add a movie to the.
Go right ahead sir. Go ahead. I see go right ahead. Yeah, the. Legend of the fall. Legends of the palm. No, legends of the fall. Legend of the fall. Yeah, I actually saw that.
I know that's shocking, but I actually saw that. I was very good. Thank you. Legends of the palm. I mean the fall. Okay.
What's the legend of the palm? Wasn't that the moment Michael Keynes hand in the day on that? That might be on the call. Legend of the fall might be older than 1990.
You looking at it, taking a puke at it. Good movie. Checker is checking the facts. Uh oh.
53 for Florida. The Pulp Fiction is moving to the second. 94. 94. 94. Fine.
Legend of the fall is good. Pulp Fiction will win. That's my prediction. You'll be upset.
Oh, whatever. Yeah, you're pulling for Lord of the Rings. You ran to that crap and that Indiana Jones. But yeah, it was good. They were good. Van Gary Glen Ross was there.
There's nothing wrong with that movie. Not a damn thing. flawless. I love Shelley man. He's the best. Shelley the machine. Shelley the machine. Oh, God.
You want to give some of it away by. I know you don't know because it's just too good. The ending is too good.
See, that's why when you when you have a movie and there's like some mediocre performances like Godfather 3 and that's why everybody rips it.
Oh, gee, you don't want to see that one. Uh and it's unfortunate because it destroys the whole thing. But when you have a movie, but there's a whole bunch of top name people. Right.
And all their performances are all brilliant like network, for example. Look at all the people that were in there. Right. All started unbelievable. Robert Duvall.
I want you to be holding in fade. Dunno way and uh, Ned Bady. Right. My God. You can't beat it with a stick.
And a lot of people like you said won't watch it because it's a time thing because now they come to accept these each. Channel seven news. And I think it was always like this.
All this hyper ventilating hysterical Ricky Tiki Sanchez is on there. Foming at the mouth about the news.
So it's not a big deal to them. 26 after one at 560 WQ ML.
I think it what is a big deal is carpeting those things that call carpets on your floor. You spent a lot of money on them.
But if they're starting to get a little bit schmutzy, maybe after the holidays, they need some cleaning. They need to be brightened up.
Here's the answer for you. Called right concepts because they are simply the best in the business anywhere in the world of bringing nasty looking carpeting back to life making them look brand new.
They've been doing it for me in my house for over 20 long, amazing years. Their technicians know their stuff inside and out.
And believe you me, they'll leave you vibrant and color looking brand new smelling lemonade. Fresh your carpets will be dry in one to two hours and you'll be ready to rock and roll again.
So whether it's your area or your runs, your furniture or a poultry or your carpets, please call dry concepts. You'll never call anybody else again.
And when you call dry concepts, ask about their stand by list, which can save you 15% on your next carpet cleaning too.
Call them today, tool free, you'll be glad you did 1-800-248-5071. And one thing keep in mind, you'll be confident of no rip offs or no scams at the end of the work because they'll give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start the job.
Call them today 1-800-248-5071, along onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
And if you're a fan of the city, you can find a lot of things that you can do.
The city is a place where you can find a lot of things that you can do.
And if you're a fan of the city, you'll be glad you did 1-800-248-5071.
And if you're a fan of the city, you'll be glad you did 1-800-248-5071.
Oh no, I don't want to attach to my...
They don't say it?
Might plug me up a little bit.
Here's the facts I don't understand.
It says, Matt Damon's rounder is...
And then it says, Schmidt.
Now is that who sent a twist, Todd Schmidt?
I don't get it. There's a movie called Rounder's I Never Said.
Right. Well let's put it on there.
I don't know. Maybe he's saying the movie is Schmidt or...
I don't know. I don't know.
Maybe his name was Schmidt.
Or Todd. Todd Dreck.
By orders of Alan Greenspan, confident lost jobs will be replaced.
They're just driving.
Yeah, overseas somewhere by much of Indian...
Right.
...the Chinese people.
Or busy spreading that Yenth virus.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
What was...
Look at that.
9-11 Commission holding a two-day hearing in Washington.
We're going to find out what really happened.
Oh!
No. Never.
Just like, you know, the person that was complaining about the fact that David Kasey's
there's no weapons of mass destruction and now blaming it on the CIA.
That's old news.
The CIA already said they told the Bush-Mistory before his inaugural address of 2000 and whatever it was, too.
That there was all bad information.
It was full of crap.
He still goes on on the worldwide TV and, you know, fills this crap to the public.
Speaking of crap, guess who's on CNN right now?
I can see that.
So there's a lot of...
There now we...
Or one of the...
I'm in for Jew Lieberman.
If they take it off and go to a high for a summer, we're going to get lost.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, yeah.
My name is Alvin.
I had a couple of movies where we'll need us to call them.
Oh, man.
I love it.
Let's see.
Absolute Best Movie is...
Falling Down.
1993 starring Michael Douglas directed by Joel Schumacher.
Says Keith and Boca.
Thank you, Keith.
We're going to fall down.
We're going to put it down.
How about all the fall down?
That's too old to call them all to be before we got that thing in his head?
By the way, don't waste your time.
With what?
Falling Down.
Oh.
Michael Douglas.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
He's been in some good movies.
I can only think of one.
Which one?
I don't know.
Basic instinct.
Basic instinct was good.
Yeah.
Like I said, I can only think of...
Fatal attraction.
Fatal attraction was excellent.
I can only think of two.
I thought that he'd get a few weeks ago.
Fatal attraction.
That's one of those...
You can't turn it off.
Right.
Let's see.
Here we go.
There's a good one from Todd and Key Largo.
Boogie Nights.
Right.
How could we forget?
How could we forget that packet?
That's an instant classic.
Right.
Boogie Nights.
That was the only good movie that Burr Reynolds ever made after deliverance.
Right.
Boogie Nights.
Phenomenon.
The lovely, untalented, uh, Markey Mark.
And his ex-Marx The Spot has prosthesis.
There's another movie.
Nothing.
You can't find anything wrong with it.
What's that prosthesis?
Yeah.
Boogie Nights.
Good story.
Good, uh, acting.
Acting is great.
And got a lot of laughs.
All the way to the end.
Right.
Even his hairpiece looked good.
Right.
567.0560.
560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Tomorrow we're going to be asking,
where do we get free meals now that Burton Jack's closed?
WDQA Am.
QA Am.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Yes.
Hello.
You know what I was saying about Schmidt.
Jack Nicholson.
Right.
About Schmidt.
A box met.
Okay.
Only one though.
Is everybody was trying to say about Schmidt?
You want to put that on there, actually?
I think Jack Nicholson was in it.
Yes.
How many movies in the last five years of Jack Nicholson made by that?
Third man.
Man.
He just pops up everywhere.
He was on his best behavior last night.
I always get a chuckle on the Jack.
But he was very quiet.
He doesn't have to really say anything.
All he's going to do is give it that Schmidt eat and look.
They painted by the breath.
Is that what it is?
Oh, look at that.
The White House is vowing out to review the pre-war intelligence.
There you go.
There's the big breakthrough that we all been waiting for, ladies and gentlemen.
Okay.
While all these kids are dying over there.
The White House is promising to review the pre-war intelligence to see it just maybe.
If maybe they were given a bum steer, okay?
The seemingly one runs well.
So he knew exactly where 30% of them chemical and biological weapons were.
Maybe he was just getting a little bit carried away.
When Colin Cancer Powell sat there in front of the whole world of the United Nations
and held up their maps and told everybody this is where they are.
We know where they are.
We're going to go get them.
And maybe he was just like making a lot of crap up.
Just embellishing it just that we bit.
Don't forget the cartoon pictures.
Right.
11 points ahead of Howard Dean.
See?
And all the pens out.
So this is one of those primaries tomorrow.
If you're optimistic, if you're still a Dean person, if you're hanging on desperately,
you can look at that Zogby and Reuters poll and say,
oh my god, he's making a big comeback, Ohio.
Yeah.
But if you, you know, if you're for somebody else, then my winning election, like maybe John Kerry or John Edwards.
Edwards ain't doing that good in New Hampshire, but why would he?
You know?
Right.
But Southern, as you wouldn't expect to all that great there, all the time,
well, John McCain's not a Southern.
He's from the Southwest.
Right.
Did he be Bush in New Hampshire?
In the Republican primary?
Yes, he did.
He did.
Then he was buried under a mountain of Bush money.
But you'll see what's going to happen in South Carolina, man.
I'm just telling you right now.
Maybe Edwards is the guy, you know?
I think anybody with a brain that has any, any, even cares.
How can anybody not care unless you just think you have to be, you have to be,
you know, who would not care about this election?
Even if you never create about politics before and you think it's boring and they're all a bunch of crooks,
which they are, the people who are obsessed with.
Pants.
Yeah, they don't care.
Because the ball games will always be there, right?
Sure.
You always beat a lot of balls.
They might, yours might be gone, but somebody will always have some balls.
Pants.
I mean, can you imagine the political astuteness and awareness of those people outside that building?
People are still rubbing, they're doing their OJ blow up doll at night.
And, well, Robert's political.
And that's the problem.
By the way, don't forget, he's got to be gone by election day.
I mean, out of the control.
WQA, I'm Hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
What about Scarface?
Scarface is excellent.
What year was that?
About 76?
Like 81.
Yes, ancient movement.
Scarface.
What do you mean, Scarface?
Just bend down.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Pali.
How you doing, Pali?
Road to tradition, over the time, Hank.
And, bend this like back home.
Good small movie.
OK.
Road to tradition.
Road to hell.
OK, we got it.
And, uh, pack a lies.
Hi, Pali.
5670560, pound 560.
Hi, Pali.
On the AT&T, Verizon Wireless Line.
What is your title of the world?
What is he talking about?
I don't know.
I don't either.
I don't know.
It's good.
The audience is kind of spastic there.
I like that because I feel like way anywhere at the ass end of this cold.
You know, you feel a little bit out of it.
Mm-hmm.
A little inquire.
Thank God for this cinnamon herbal tea and spiderweat, George said.
This celestial caffeine-free herbal tea.
It's the only reason that you didn't mind to have him do a half of the show.
Well, like I said, I love that stuff.
Ah, man, it's a mahaia.
You know who would say it's a mahaia?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Howardine's wife would say it's a mahaia.
I'm going to play that again after the break.
I'm obsessed with that.
And I know you are too.
She's a hoot.
And boy, what a par-shame, man.
Oh, God, is she grotesque?
If somebody would have told me that she would look worse than Chelsea Clinton.
I'd say you've got to be Schmidt and me, man.
Nobody, nobody looks worse than Chelsea Clinton.
Even so, if he a corporal alas, that would her triple-sized nose.
I think she didn't get a nose job.
The only thing is as opposed to like reducing the enlarge.
They enlarged.
They added one on.
They anchored.
They twisted it.
They anchored.
They pulled it out.
So she really sticks out in the crowd.
And I'm glad she didn't win because even if she did a great job,
what does she do?
She directed that movie?
What movie was it?
Whatever it was.
But just in general, principal, because she screwed up Godfather 3 so bad.
And she waited till the end of the movie to take a bullet in the chest.
I figured, I'm glad you didn't get it so fear.
She went all the way to the only one.
Oh, I know.
Trying to canole.
Armstrog, Toyota of Homestead, is where it's at.
That man locally owned an operator.
They've been treating people right and making great deals for years.
They're unbeatable.
They're just 20 minutes south of the A36 on US1.
Armstrog's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are.
Because when you go there, you're going to save yourself a lot of cash.
No high pressure, no crap, no BS.
Check out these great least prices.
In 0.4 Tacoma, 2-wheel drive regular cab, you pay just 169 a month.
In 0.4 Echo, you pay just 179 bucks a month.
How about this?
In 0.4 Selaka GT for only 209 bucks a month.
And with every car purchased at Armstrog's Toyota of Homestead, you'll get free sun pass.
And keep in mind these folks with the first dealers in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
If you're looking for an SUV, Armstrog's Toyota of Homestead got a huge assortment of RAV4s, Highlanders, 4 runners, Sequoias and Land Cruisers.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put your ass in a new Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrog Toyota of Homestead difference are committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Service department is open weeknight until 8 p.m.
The open light can make sure your service work is done great.
Conveniently located at US1 and 290th Street in Homestead, but it's only 20 minutes south of 836.
So if you're tired of all the BS from those mega dealers who over-promise and under-deliver, then this is the place for you.
Called David Rich, he's the GM at Armstrog's Toyota Homestead, call him a 305-242-3247.
305-242-3247 for Armstrog's Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota.
Drive a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota of Homestead.
Stop that crapkerbiss and I look like a Shayna Puneum.
Stop that crapkerbiss and I look like a Shayna Puneum.
Stop that crapkerbiss and I look like a Shayna Puneum.
Stop that crapkerbiss and I look like a Shayna Puneum.
Stop that crapkerbiss and I look like a Shayna Puneum.
Stop that crapkerbiss and I look like a Shayna Puneum.
Stop that crapkerons.
Stop that crapkerons.
Stop that crapkerons.
mouth.
I spent 23 years with the shagots.
Most of the time he's a man, but on occasion I hate him.
I think my husband Howie would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little pealed about is that Howie doesn't let us have a TV.
I want to watch Section of City.
I got to schlep down to campaign headquarters or to the croggers to watch on some tiny
black and white set.
I have never seen any program in color.
So I'm no Jackie Kennedy.
Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy.
I don't learn makeup.
I'm like a whisker away from being amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazon, that's here this for Dr. Julie Steinberg over and out.
Pete, for a by the committee to elect John Kerry President.
All right.
146.
You know the other one I absolutely love almost as much as that one.
Yeah, what is this?
In an effort to attract younger viewers, C-SPAN now offers a brand new reality show, Skydiving
with Howie Dean.
Join Howard Dean as he jets across the United States jumping out over some of his favorite
states.
California, Texas, New York, South Dakota, Oregon, Michigan.
And then we're going to watch it in DC to take back the White House.
And coming soon to Washington DC, Sharon Ranamo is Skydiving with Howie Dean premiering
this week on C-SPAN.
147 and 560.
It's the best.
Anyway, how about the big Lebowski spelled wrong, but nevertheless?
All right.
Still haven't seen it.
Stick it on there.
What's the one that you on, oh, wait a minute.
That was Beaner Boyd.
It was tell me.
I see that enough to see.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I still haven't seen it.
I won't.
What's that other one I was looking for last week?
Well, there's so damn many of these.
I know.
I don't know.
God.
And somebody says snatch with Brad Pitt.
Now, did you get snatch on the list?
No, it is now.
It got snatch.
We got the list.
It was very good.
It says here, first of all, did you know that when you don't, when you go screenless,
which is all this year, and I think next year too, and someone dials the number and
when it doesn't get picked up at some point, it disconnects with recording from a sound
that says bell, soft sucks.
It would like any other service.
Probably it would just keep bringing forever, which is what it should do.
Right.
But with this thing, it just disconnects.
So it makes screenless more difficult, especially on line one.
It has like a quick disconnect.
But we're just kissing the ground that it works at all because between our engineering
department and Bell South, we'll take anything, right?
Bell South sucks.
Don't say bell South sucks.
Right.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Who's this?
This is Neil.
Neil Roger?
Yes, sir.
Looks like me.
Hey, just Tommy Boy.
What about Tommy Boy?
Tommy Boy.
Tommy Boy.
Existing.
Get out of here.
You're an idiot.
You're an idiot.
You're an idiot.
56670560.
It was a good call.
0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles on that was Todd Rex kid.
You're an idiot.
Yeah.
Do you like that?
WDQM.
Hello.
Hey, I got another movie from Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How about a Terminator 2?
Terminator 2.
Now we're talking, baby.
All right.
I'll see it in California.
Terminator 2.
Get it on there.
See, don't be knocking that guy before.
At least it was something different.
I'm not knocking him.
No, I like that.
I like something different.
It's called the same old, tired crap.
And then, of course, Dave Friedman who denies that he faxes the nice thing.
Oh, yeah, that way.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Well, never, never see it.
Never see the light of the day.
Stop it, Dave.
Bye-bye, Dave Friedman.
Go away.
Stop it, Dave.
Fat Boy, don't want to come out and play.
Not even this fat boy either.
You know what I'm going to have for lunch today?
Fat Boy?
Spaghetti.
Don't do it.
Why?
Don't want to come out.
No, I'm not going to have like a gigantic person that's going to, you know, bulk me all
up.
It doesn't matter.
It's going to spark your appetite and you're going to get a bunch of ice cream in my appetite.
Oh, when you come to the mall.
I have no ice cream.
I've got your two solid days on Atkins, baby.
Two days.
Swimming in the middle of the rest.
I need like sliced up hot dogs, sliced up wienies in my sauce.
Maybe a little raggula.
Yeah.
And some nice pasta.
That's how good.
With like lots of parmesan cheese on there, like somebody we know would say parmesan.
It's the season for parmesan.
I don't know why.
I just, I'm just in the mood for that.
Now, a lot of times I'll see that and never happens.
Good.
What do you mean good?
It's better than going out and getting a bunch of Nestle's third ice cream and just shovel
it down my throat.
A bunch of those Rogers almond.
What are those almond-crispy candies?
What do they call them?
No almond brittle.
Oh, man.
Wow.
If you want to die with a big smile on your face, go online, rogerscandys.ca or whatever it is.
Oh, brother.
I guarantee you that dark almond brittle.
It'll just send you to heaven.
What was the absolute best movie the last 13 years, 1990 to write this second?
Okay, right now.
I'm going to tell you a lot of good ones got left off this list.
I'm pretty p.o.d about that.
Are you?
Lord of the Rings, we turn to the King.
How's your thing?
56 as in Q56.
Pulp fiction, Fitty.
I still think Pulp Fishing is going on by.
You don't?
No, I do.
I agree.
I do.
Trash Agrenifction 44, Saving Priorion 38, Glen Gary Glen Ross 25.
I am so pleased that that's doing so great.
I think we can take part of the credit for that.
That's all us.
Well, you wonder why I say that is because in the past, we've asked about some of these movies.
And not as many people seen it.
But since we were in hyping it, they'd like it.
Holding for Columbine 24, my cousin Vinnie 23,000, Salam's 23, 4 is dump 17, good fellow 17, office space 16,
Schindler's List 14.
All those years I worked with Erf Schindler, I never knew he had one.
Or a list, either.
American Beauty 12, Braveheart 11, and after that it's all single digits.
Requiem's got eight, Magnolia 7.
Hey, listen, what can I tell you?
Okay, more people in the McDonald's than a Ruth Chris, right?
Right.
Let me say it again.
Oh, look at that.
It's a multi color.
It's like the Neapolitan.
It's like Neapolitan ice cream.
It's got tricolored.
The documentary filmmaker Morgan Spurlock did that supersized me documentary film.
And it all about him eating at McDonald's every day for a month.
And in one month he gained 25 pounds.
We could have done better than that.
And I just can't imagine why there's so many fat thugs walking around.
My and look all the way.
This is 420560.
You ain't way, yeah.
What's the way to sing God Bless America and face these in a G-string up here?
I'll do it.
Sadabu Sain.
You know him from Operation Desert Storm.
He owned for me an Iraqi leader and gasping his own people.
So we thought it'd be funny if we go ahead and send Daxid.
It grabs Sadabu Sain out of his bunker posing as an army ranger.
I mean, Sadabu Sain.
What do you think you are?
Sadabu Sain.
You're in for a world of pain, my man.
What a thought down here.
I smell like ass.
I wonder if the bitches would be offended by my stink.
What is it?
That is Kusar.
Let me in.
The infidels are my tail.
So it's gay, because that's you.
His alive.
Smells like acid here.
Yeah.
That elacid's army right here.
No.
Get back.
No.
AJ, I want you to tell him that we're going to put him under the jurisdiction of the Iraqi government.
Go, go, go, go.
You're now under the jurisdiction of the Iraqi government.
No.
No.
I dex.
I want you to go in and start taking them.
No.
No.
No, no, not that they did it.
No.
What the hell?
No, BJ.
I want you to tell Sadabu, as soon as we're out of the bunker that we're removing his testicles.
Hussein, upon the exit of this hall, your testicles will be removed.
No.
BJ, go through with the knife.
I'm coming right now.
All right, Sadabu.
Here we go.
No.
No.
No.
It was hard to think we should start with first, huh?
I asked you to mother fuckers.
I knew you'd get me.
Last night I was in a cell phone with you watching you put out the gas.
I said you'll never get me.
You did.
You scum.
You have to pick up.
I was going to pick up too.
This guy came here.
157 at 560 W.
He came a little bit friend of.
Wow.
Christina Aguilera, Maya, Pink, Lil Kim and Missy Elliott.
Okay.
Lady Marmalade.
All right.
Okay.
If I could tell you how much I hate that song, and especially the video, because when it
was out, I was in Europe.
I guess it was the summer, a couple of years ago.
And here we have one of those 8,000 music video channels.
Here we have a couple of like, you know how many times an hour?
About third man.
Over and over and over and over.
I mean, I don't want that crap in the first place, but Jesus, good God.
And you do, and you flip from one to another, and it would be just starting on air.
Here too.
For no good God.
Here we go.
And we have a couple of different videos, like every channel.
How many?
The weather channel.
Wait a minute.
A channel 7 news.
Hey, it was about a place in Chicago called Mulan Rouge, where they served pizza.
It was about, yeah, when it serves that big, thick, crushed Chicago pizza, a red black man,
they moved.
At any rate, what was the absolute best movie last 13 years?
Now, a lot of them didn't make it on here because we come a lot of time yakin' and yakin'
because it's just fall because he's slow.
Why is it his fault?
Oh, I just saying that.
Just in general, principal, why not?
Blame him for a lot.
Why not?
Last 13 years, 1990 to 2003, we got a pretty awesome list here.
We got a pretty impressive list we're building.
We've got 476 votes.
We don't have Tommy.
Lord of the Rings, return of the King.
Let's take a look at your thing, 59.
Oh, it's speaking of Rhyman.
What's his name?
Lionel Tate?
Yeah.
Don't be late.
Today he might be his date for getting on.
He lost a lot of weight and I'm pretty irate.
Pulp Fish in 53 is trailer by 6.
I think it's going to win.
Chasha in 44, saving private Ryan in 40.
Glenn Gary Glen Ross in 27.
My cousin Vinnie in 25.
Bowling for Columbine in 24.
Silence in the Lannister in 23.
Office base 19.
What is that?
Oh, it's a comedy.
Yes.
Forest Gump 18.
Good fellows.
18.
American Beauty 15.
Certain to move up.
Shindler's List is drop in.
Thank God.
Must be maybe the old user.
Good movie.
Shindler's List 14.
Braveheart 11.
Requiem for a dream has got only nine.
Usual suspects.
Nine.
Magnolia 7.
Pirates of the Caribbean 7.
Cassino 5.
Gladheator 5.
The Matrix 5.
Ended downhill from there.
Mad Dog is coming up next to us.
A great guy all the way around.
Sometimes he's full of crap like on Friday.
But hey, listen, nobody's perfect.
And not only that.
That's the sauce man.
Bye, bye, bye.
Vinnie, the rest of your show.
I'm Fist.
I'll leave you a hand.
Miami for my name.
I'm Floridianan.
Paul Vich Moot.
Absolutely.
