Hey don't be checking on my good buddy Moe, Jolly.
I'm gonna get him in his bank and if you don't like it, it's weird.
God is that thing real?
No.
Oh hey!
I told my husband what I see is what I need for him.
That's a lot of rocks when I lose.
It's what he do.
What's with those rocks when you lose?
Yap, who's dead or alive?
They don't have what you need against it.
What's the point through, yet it's sad?
That is what he do.
Oi!
You call me the Shma.
It's the Shma.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so stupid.
We'll find a nice apartment out there.
It's not gonna save me now.
It's about to die for your mistake.
It's about to die for your mistake.
10-0-2-5-60 W-U-A-M, happy at Tuesday too.
Let's see, first of all, Panthers had guilty.
I wasn't gonna talk about that at the beginning because we got bigger fish to fry.
But since he mentioned that, he's got that alleged contitumps with the moman.
You might as well strike at the moman, right?
Well, the iron is hot.
Yeah.
Don't you think?
Why not?
It sounds like a little contrive controversy to me, just like thinking about the goddess.
Even air-america.
Oh, she really leaving now.
Just another publicity stunt.
It won't help.
It won't help.
They're going under.
I give them about another month or two at tops.
Top.
See, it helps if you have money when you start something like that if you pay your people.
Well, I mean, I don't want a nitpick.
But it helps if you have enough money to do the operation right and the hire some people
and really have broadcasting people and what a concept I realize.
Maybe W-U-A-M someday will take up on that idea.
Have some real broadcasting people.
As opposed to people like Todd Dreck running around a building.
Do you get that copy yet?
You talking to me?
No.
Oh, I guess I'm going to have to get my pen sharpened up to strike those two out again today.
Man, oh man, that is really pathetic, Todd.
You are just just when I thought I realized how low he was lower than a snake.
He's about 400 yards beneath the snake under the ground, somewhere in the middle from here to purgatory.
You are the worst, Todd.
Anyway, Panthers hired Geldig Geldstein, writes very jackass.
In a move overshadowed by the Panthers front-off his shake-up yesterday, the team named Steve Geldstein.
It's radio play by play announcer as expected.
He replaces the dodging, old retiring, jugs McDonald.
I've always wanted to play by play, said Geldstein, who's been the team's pre-game radio shrieker on G-A-M since 1997.
I've grown real close to the Panthers over the years.
Hockey is the most challenging to do on a radio because of the speed of the game.
Geldstein 34 has announced, now I want you to understand his qualifications for the job, okay?
Okay.
Geldstein 34 has announced two hockey games in his life.
Both in a fill-in role for the Panthers.
The announce football basketball on LaCrosse is a student at Syracuse University, at Cuse.
Despite the fact that I have limited play by play experience, the Panthers showed a lot of confidence in me, said Geldstein, who will team with Randy Red-S, Red-Dear-Mor.
They could have hired somebody from the minor leagues with more experience, but they thought what else I brought to the table was just as important.
Geldstein said he'll make numerous appearances and speaking engagements on behalf of the team.
Well, what does that mean? Who's he going to be speaking to?
A fan?
On behalf of the team?
Sure.
He said he'll continue doing his morning show for now.
See, that line there by Barry Jackass, that is what absolutely, but the Chigger in a Woodpile as far as Moe was concerned.
He will continue doing his morning talk show for now, but will leave the long-term decision to WGWM in the Panthers.
It's not his show, and I, for once, and very believe me, I'm hard-pressed to ever agree with the Moe man, with that low life, but piece of turd.
But in this particular case, he's got a point.
What kind of crap is that, Barry? You little idiot. It's not his show. It never was his show. It never would be his show.
I'll remember once upon a time back in the day, remember that?
When he and Norma can't were like plotting and planning, oh, I think it's going to be my show, and I'm going to take over the show, and I'm going to be on for like five in the morning till noon.
I don't remember that.
Yeah, you do.
He brings with him a dedication and passion for hockey in the Panthers said, Michael Yormark, the Panthers' chief operating officer,
Gildey's commitment to this South Florida community has been proven through years of volunteerism and fundraising, which is something that is imperative within our organization, especially the volunteering part since we had got no money.
Among those pass over from the job was Craig Minervini, Fox Sports Net's Panthers host.
I'm disappointed, he said. I was born for that sort of job. I wish Steve the best.
But that's a shot, isn't it? A little bit. I'm disappointed. I was born for that sort of job. I wish Steve the best.
That is a real backhanded under the table. A kind of comment if he asked me, like a little shot of shit.
So, by the way, Craig, you don't deserve the job. Even Gildey as squeaky as he is. At least he's got some qualification.
What the hell do you know about hockey? Just because you sucked away into that pregame show or whatever it was.
Come on, Craig Minervini. Who are you kidding? They didn't watch out in the first place. God. Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday.
Which of these best describes what you believe as in the Lord is watching your selection here? 1743 votes?
Probably more now, but I printed this out. I'm not doing it again. Which of these best describes what you believe?
It's all a pile of bullshit, meaning religion, 717. For over 40% 41.1% of this audience thinks religion is a pile of crap, a pile of a crock.
I'm agnostic. I don't know. It's 426. 24.4% of the audience who are sufficiently intimidated not to say that they it's a pile of crap.
There is a hell and we're living in a 211. There is a heaven and a hell 181. Oh my. Armageddon is coming soon. 83.4.7% of this audience are crazier than a bed bug, not to be rounded up before noon.
There is a heaven hell and a purgatory 72. And there is no hell only heaven. 53. Isn't that soothing and common?
In other words, if that's the case, then what do you got to lose, right? Go out and screw your brains out. Have a good time. Steal your neighbors. What have we got?
Car. Have a great time. Do a cross country thing. Rob a few banks along the way because there's no hell, but there's a heaven. Oh, how wonderful.
But of course, if you're a bad person, maybe this won't get to have anything about that. Well, if you follow the formula, you will no matter how bad you are.
Now speaking, what's that? How do I do that? Did the bar was moving some stuff around, but at least it shows the phone works.
Now, I don't want to like pee on anybody's parade, especially your president, who I did not watch last night, but we've seen plenty of the clips this morning where he was talking about Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, like that.
Boy, you talk about illiterate. You talk about, and even when he can pronounce the word, he always says it in this very pedantic way.
So like, do you hear that? I actually said a word. You know what I mean? It's got more than one syllable. Then rock up and down when you say something like you just did good.
Yeah. Oh, brother, it is just a scary. But speaking of scary, now I didn't he say in that speech last night that because they showed the clips this morning, which you can't avoid.
He's everywhere. Besides talking about Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gab
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gab
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu
Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabed, Abu Gabbed, Abu
So WKF
Don't like all the harbor
Don't don't don't every time I see
Don't don't don't don't
Don't don't fall my TV
He's President Thump's ****
Rap out of his muscle in
And in our Tinkermint Idiot
I don't know why they won't want to die
But now he's here, first rule to live for you
Here's with President Thump's ****
Oh what I did to get both on small
And get to wheel your boat at home
If you want this, come come long
Lift drum and stupid heat
Don't don't find this drum and rich kid
Don't don't ease even, suffer than me
Here's President Thump's ****
Yeah, don't care what it took
You got a man by hook or a frog
The Christian Rod
Don't worry about you and I
But have no fear
We've got a great leader here
With President Thump's ****
Oh that's some of the big news in town
Rich Sanchez, Dr. Lyre Cruz
Bye bye Rich Sanchez, how do you like that?
Ricardo Sanchez, Adios, he's a ghost
Well we got a lot of stuff here today, you know what?
Well better talk that
President spoke last night, you watch it?
No, you watch it?
No, Josh?
Yeah
So that's 0 for 3, not a good batting average right there
I wish I had
Why is that?
So that I could cut that fumble
You could always say that if you see it about that
You can find it about that
I'm a little bit like that
It was a beautiful thing
Anyway, let's get to important stuff like who's naked today
I mean who's on our behind-the-scenes courte-rate
Lara Flynn Boil is there
If you're already aged 72, you've got 42 pieces of ID
John Ascroff will maybe provide you for a quick peak
and the picture too
Lara Flynn Boil was born March 24th 1970
which makes her 34 if my math is correct to 21-year-old Sally Boil
For Sally and young Lara money was not plentiful
So Sally was a credible three-job in addition to raising baby Lara by herself
Since Lara was mostly around Sally they developed a bond that still binds Lara and Sally today until recently
Sally lived with Lara
Now they live only ten minutes away from each other
Growing up Lara had many struggles including dyslexia and learning disability
Still, she couldn't let that get to where she knew she had to be strong
She finally graduated the day after doing so she and her mother Sally moved
They drove on what would be the road to fame
She soon liked to move his roles in movies like Porto Guys 3 and Wayne's World
Since then she's become a prolific actress in both the small and big screen
She likes to play big ball and small ball
She's got the two tattoos
She's got a Celtic cross on her left ankle
And why do we say Celtic by the way do we know?
No Celtic Celtic who does?
No, no it's Celtic and a shamrock near her left pelvic point
In other words I know what it is but I just don't know why it is
Move to LA with her mother the day after her high school graduation
Boy she and Sally are pretty tight you know what?
Apparently
Educated in T. Chicago Academy for the Arts mother is her assistant still even now
Was Mary was named rather after the Julie Christie character in Dr. Zavago hence Lara's theme
Remember Lara's theme?
So where am I?
Yeah, audition for the role of Ally McVeele
Group in Chicago reportedly was a passenger in Jack Nicholson's Mercedes when the car collided with another car on the Hollywood Hills
July 8th 1999 she was dating David Spade at the time
Oh, I'm so sorry and reportedly fled the scene for fear of being seen romantically with Nicholson
She's dyslexic we just heard about that as the young child she was extremely shy
Data Jack Nicholson but this is the worst this is from IMD BenoLess which usually I can counter is in good crap
Got her sag screen actors car guild card working on Ferris Boulers day off even though all of her on screen line want up on the cutting room floor
Oh, no
How do you like that?
So I believe you believe this she's never been married I guess huh?
Oh, yeah, she's divorced
She was married to John Patrick D the turd from 66 96 and 98 but it's not divorced
So there you go a little mini bio on Lara Flynn Boyle
Who's there naked as a jaybird on Neil Rogers dot com behind the beard to curtain today that's what you got here's our poll question today
WQ a.m. Hello
What is it?
Yes
How do you a.m.?
Yes can I leave a message for Neil?
Sure what is it?
Celtic is the American pronunciation
Right as in Boston Celtics?
Pardon me?
As in Boston Celtics?
Yeah
And Celtic is the Scottish production.
Well the hell of the Scotts man it what run around like a bunch of pansies with those damn kill son?
Yes, but we have flimmings and we have Sean Conn raised and little things like that.
But other than that, yeah, we walk around in our kilts.
Okay, don't do it anymore.
And put away those high socks, dude, they're silly.
Yeah, well I like the pastels on the side.
Okay, see.
And what's the story with Prince Charlie?
Why does he run around like that? He's not Scottish.
He's a Nazi man. He's part of the Batonberg clan.
He's got a little Scottish into this one.
I guess it wouldn't surprise me.
Rectome.
Oh speaking of that, Duff is getting all checked out today.
Duff is at the Rectome.
Rectome.
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Who should we check to?
Oh and there's a big chemical plant fire in Conjures, Georgia.
Yeah, Conjures.
Now do you remember Conjures, Georgia?
What was going on there?
Wasn't it a virgin Mary thing or something?
The virgin Mary siding, right.
She was stopped at another one that drive through the bank.
Well, you know, if you're going to travel the world,
you've got to make a lot of withdrawals.
Yeah.
Right.
I was going to say something about deposits, but I guess we better not out.
And how come all the other radio shows we are informed
are using the S-bag and D-bag words, things like that.
And we are not.
We're going to find out about that this week.
We're going to get all these things straightened up.
You know, I'm talking about...
The monodies thing.
Right.
Because they didn't ask Joyce if they could.
Yeah, they didn't ask Joyce over in Naples or somewhere
in a West Coast, some nose picker, if they could say S-bag.
What a crack a crap.
You know, it's not bad enough that we have things
that we can't play anymore, and can't say anymore, and can't do anymore.
But when we have the company that's like really doing the deep knee bends,
well, of course we know why.
What bothers you most about George W. Bush?
He's a crook.
He stole a 2000 election.
That's all one.
He's a moron.
He's a dangerous religious fanatic.
He's just a face man for neoconics streamists.
He's divisive and hate-mongering, or nothing.
He's a great leader.
Which at the moment has got 13.6%.
12 people in this audience have the first batch of votes on here.
How many votes we got so far?
88.
And 13.6 says nothing bothers him about George W. Bush.
He's a great leader.
You people need very, very serious mental health.
I'm going to tell you right now, okay?
This man is dumber than a boxer rocks.
He's dumber than sawdust.
Abel, brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Ah, nobody can touch you then. And if you shave your head ball and wear that purple outfit over your magic underwear, then you're made in the shade. Trust me when I'm telling you. Even Joe Pesci was never made like that.
26 past 10. Do I sound like I'm really on a rule today? I am. Good. Must be that guilty crap. Ow!
Oh, and look at this. Once again, Todd Breck strikes tear into the hearts. I'm looking at my log. As Todd just can't get the job done. They just honored him over in Naples as our highest building sales hall. What's going to show you? What the hell they know about Broadcasting?
This is 420 of my city. You way am.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Roger Mary! Roger Mary!
Now the wolf depends on you and the powers you possess. Since you saved his life with your flight, his or her life, he's died of God for your caretool.
Roger Mary! Roger Mary! Roger Mary!
You have a brand new style too. We love the way you fuck your doom. With the make the underjumps and the bruise you digest, they'll bend you those tomorrow prayers.
Roger Mary! Roger Mary! Roger Mary! Who's with the speed of a gazelle? Since the bad guys straight to hell, when the building starts to fall with your knees and knees, your crushing blood would cost my people.
1031 speaking of...
Oh, hey!
Just got a good, a thanks from my good friend Ian Framowicz over at Mohawk Raceway here in Toronto.
So started to hear that Carl Allen died yesterday, a sad day at Harnes Racing. And you are absolutely correct, Ian.
Carl Allen.
Used to be a blacksmith. Did you know that?
No, I had no idea.
Had two first names.
And the son, the son, the son, the son.
It'll come to me.
Anyway, it's Fritz, a lot of great trotters also, and he was just a great the horseman, and was still driving at the age of 70, a four as a matter of fact.
I guess that I didn't know that. Thanks for the bad news Ian, and good luck to you, okay? Oy vey.
Touch that dial after steering. Now this is one of the most amusing things that you send me this fact.
This is hysterical. Old DL and ancient Ron.
I don't know big.
But they get through because it's kind of a long sheet over here.
I don't know. And I think it's, no, the whole thing came through.
Actually fans.
Anybody know who that is?
No.
No, actually fans.
Now first we had Howard Cohen writing about radio in a business section about how big 106 didn't have any decline losing Howard Cernshaw, which was the biggest pile of crap since Todd Wack walked into QIM.
And now we got Ashley fans.
See, they don't really have anybody the rights about radio.
Of course, we're supposed to have somebody at the Sun Sentinel who does Tom Jacob.
And he's too busy writing about the same shows going off the year even in times.
What was it? Was it when it went off last week?
Frazier?
Frazier.
How many columns did Tom write about that?
About 30 minutes.
You're a loser man. You're strictly out of touch. You're just, you're hopeless, okay?
When the really big story strikes, when the radio station drops off the face of the globe and drops from a 9-1 share in February to a 1.8 or whatever was in March, and you're like a totally lost.
Even though Muck she gave you the numbers, still can't write about it.
Lost. In the land of the lost, Tommy.
Tell him about Dick Casper, what a great radio guy he was in the market. Right? It's about Rick Casper.
Man, you just hang out at Tommy, okay? You're strictly bush league, baby.
Anyway, Ashley fans writes, touch that dial after stirring a new AM lineup.
AM meaning morning, not AM on your dial.
Of course.
Preparing for their Monday morning commute, many self-lovings tuned in to 94.9 say to FM to listen to Paul Castronova and young Ron Brewer.
Did they really? No. No. Probably was an accident. As a matter of fact, even when Stern went off, they went down. They didn't gain. How do you like that? Isn't that pathetic?
Yeah. That was really sad. Only one other person I can think of in that category.
Absolutely.
I don't want to mention no names, Mo.
Instead, they heard the radio equivalent of Comedy Central's The Man Show, a testosterone-soaked beer-swigging, chicks and bikinis jumping on trampolines kind of morning show.
Goodbye, Paul and Ron. Well, there's one for Bokobry. Goodbye, Paul and Ron. I can hear it right now, can't you?
Yeah, because you're just saying it.
Oh, who made their debut on Classic Rock Station? WVGGFM Monday morning. Hello, Lexington Terry. See, did you put them on there to try to like salvage at least a two or three share in there?
Yeah.
Well, I'm telling you, because other than that, they just vanish off the face of the globe. You'll see when a trend comes out on June the 2nd, I think it is.
Because that'll be March, April and May, which is all sternless on big and you'll see, oh, man, it declined Alexa, which nobody had never seen.
Anyway, they debuted Monday morning. Hello, Lexington Terry. It says the 25 City National Senate get out of Jacksonville, whose most popular bit, drunk B-Dash-Fridays involves urging women to get an ebreated on there.
You can put bitch in the paper, Ashley. They got to put the B-blank-blank-blank-drunk-bitch-Fridays, obviously.
Okay, sounds like a red-nacky thing to me. Sounds like Ron and Ron Jr. People love that spot said Peter Welpton, director of syndication for Lexington Terry, WZZ-RA West Palm Beach Park Station is part of the syndicate.
The latest ratings indicate that the duo is the best thing to happen to the station's bottom line in years.
David Ross, regional vice president of Teep Channel, which owns WZZ-R, Zeta and Big, said the corporate and everything else, said the corporations yanking of Howard Stern in February from the big 105.9 and all other clear channel stations.
Amid the heightened scrutiny that followed Janet Jackson's Nivell bearing Super Bowl appearance, left a gap that had to be filled. A big gap.
Right, com. Yeah. That's probably yours, David. Stern was the foundation of Beeslessness ship until the Monday switch. The station been sampling morning shows from around the country. Yeah, like, you know, something good like Bob and Tom, did they want to put that on there? No.
No. They got a couple of red-nacks with an advice show. Stern was the foundation, or I just read that. Both Harley riders and sons of salesman Lexington Terry managed to be edgy and aggressive without ever having been cited.
By the FCC, Ross said, I feel they understand what a sensitive time we were in the 32 broadcasters said they're careful about things.
Castron over 44, boy, he looks bad for 44, you know what?
For four years. You could have, because I ran into I ran into the sawgrass on a Thursday in the bathroom at the tea room. He was drilling on glory holes. I couldn't believe it.
Castron over 44 of Lighthouse Point and Brewer 39, who looks at not a day under 80 of Parkland said the leap to big is the one they've wanted for a long time.
If that's the case, how come it kept sucking around for a job at QAM? Castron over begging, pleading, calling PD Lenny, calling up month, calling up clearance, calling up people called the janitor. Even the janitor left me notes that Castron over called one of the job.
I'm getting older jokes, Castron over addressing Zeta's targeted younger demographic. The 50-year-old guy cannot appear to be 18-year-old guy. That's what you think, sweetheart.
But then again, he and Brewer will continue their usual stick, including lots of dolphins talk and love connection. They segment similar in tone format to the 70s television show by the same name with the anxious, tux swillery.
It's a better fit for us, Brewer said. It never they always say it's like when Jim Sarni, that idiot in the Sun Temple wrote one where they stuck us on from 9 to 1. Oh, Neil Rogers is a better fit at 9 o'clock. Yeah, right, Jim. What the hell do you know fit this?
How about my foot in New York? That sounds like a good fit.
I say, man, what a joke. What a market, man. Oh, brother, how sad. Let's have a morning party. I'm not talking to M.O.R. I'm talking with a U in it.
We'll say cottage for radio. It's dead, baby. Radio is finito. Nice going, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. Nice going, era, all you people at the FCC.
They killed it. They butchered it. They destroyed it. They, they, they, they devolved it. They decapitated it. They did a Nicholas Virg on it is what they did to the radio industry and to your radio right now.
Paul and Ronda just reshuffling the same old tired craft. Why didn't they bring in Bob and Tom? Huh? They're great. Who they clear channel. Yeah, they, they're on some clear channel stations. I believe I think they ought to be.
Christ almighty man Christ almighty mode is what's wrong with you people. It's almost as if they, they're trying to punish like an SNM. It says they want to punish the listeners in South Florida. Anyway.
So that's the latest with that. And then of course all those silly rumors about Randy's walking out on Air America, which she's frustrated. I'm sure that because they're not getting paid near equipment sucks and all of these things, you know, and they have no idea. They have no broadcasters involved in that project. That's the problem.
Would be like open on it by a fishing tackle company with people who never went fishing in their lives. Something like that. See what I'm saying?
What bothers you most about George W. Bush. That's our pool question today. We already have 204 votes. He's a moron 57. He's just a face man for neoconics. Stream is 50 meaning wolf wits and pearl and chaney and Abrams and who do I leave out?
Whoever else? I'm thinking those guys. He's a dangerous religious fanatic 39. Nothing. He's a great leader 28 13.7% of this audience say nothing about George W. Bush to serve them at all. He's a great leader. Follow him right on the end of the clip. Come on.
Wow. Oh, it just went down to 13.2%. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 25. He's divisive and hate mongering six. You're going to say, oh, you put so many negative categories. Well, the one nothing. I mean, that's all encompassing. We don't need anymore. Right? Right. If you think he's doing good. If you like him, if he think he's a never stole a freight train, never knocked that brought up in Texas, all these things, they're more power to you. If you think he didn't lie about those weapons of mass destruction about al-Qaeda being in bed with Sodom Hussein. I was just.
What was that? That was just bad intelligence. Right. That's right. We're just like Roland Coolan said, oh, he's sorry. He apologizes. How about apologizing to those 800 dead Americans over there? How? Colin? You idiot. You sell out this business. Oh, he's just being a good soldier. He's a sell out. That's what he is. And for some strange reason, man, he's like the Teflon.
Charter. I don't know what his deal is. Everything just rules right off his back like a duck. You know what I mean? Like a duck. Oh, Colin Paul. We like Colin. Well, based on what?
Based on the fact that he lied at the UN, based on the fact that he set the state he was the willing pawn for this administration, for these lies, for all these dead kids over there, for all the dead Iraqis, thousands and thousands. It's probably about 20,000 by now.
Emancipation by decapitation. That's what it's all about. Maybe they were just trying to liberate Nicholasburg. You think? Part of our policy. Yeah. Emancipation by decapitation. Oops. There goes your head. We freed him from it. And let me tell you, you know, even bad guys have weddings. That's right.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQM. Nobody wants to talk or even think about cancer, heart disease, all of these grotesque things, lung disease. But it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well. In most cases, the treatment if detected early. That's why I enthusiastically recommend you Hollywood Diagnosis Center. That was there about what is it? Three, four weeks ago, something like that. A few weeks ago.
Had the full body scan and the heart scan and they said, my god, he actually has a heart and things turned out great. And then you walk out there with a tremendous smile and you're push knowing that you're in good shape or the other way around. If you do have a problem,
staring to develop and catch it in time while still, you can do something about it. Hollywood Diagnosis Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less invasive than a traditional one.
The coronary heart score and full body screening exams that can detect cancer and other life threatening diseases in their early stages. You don't even need a doctor's referral to get this done. For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnosis Center at 9-5-4-9-66-3600 for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind and maybe even save your life. And no matter what your age, let's say you're like maybe in your 30s or 40s, but you have a history of lung cancer in your family and you're a smoker. Any, any of these things. When a doubt go get it checked out. At Hollywood Diagnosis Center, they offer state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open-out
MRI, high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine and much, much more. Hollywood Diagnosis Center, they know their stuff. They've been serving South Florida for over 20 years. Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
So call Hollywood Diagnosis Center day for your imaging exam. Set it up today. Please do it. Like I said, it could be one of the most important cause you might ever make. Call them at 9-5-4-9-66-3600.
You say you better or else. You'll understand. You'll understand. The worst headache. I'm on a train. I'm free.
I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train. I'm on a train
they wanna match if I have the worst collision affair than I sand and the worst of unless I have the worst collision in the race then no la la la la laship
the worst of les...the worst! The worst of les...it mustão The worst of les. the worst of lesle ...the worst of les...c 여러분 Legendally, that is.
Permanently,word of stealing the word. corners B Remember,the word of Celang有點 hard, copyrighted, the word of punishment Ball Yourself, Analysis, Food and Skills, Objection of Окappim.
P selber-laugher and Eart I mostly remember black, leather, and limbs.
PananekoLin... eughul bentai il идет smoothie.
House cleaning as Rick Dudley is out. I thought he was gonna be the savior of the organization is what they were
Telling you know he was the architect of Tampa Bay which are in the Stanley Cup finals
What starts the night and yada yada yada but he's out and
Being announced from our Jacques Martan who was a Candidado well because he gets the team to play real good during the regular season
And then they choke by crazy to playoffs
But the panther fans to be real happy if they just made it to the playoffs
So I guess he's the perfect guy. He's gonna be the new coach and my keen and comes back again
How do you like that?
You ready for that? George?
I'm not ready for it. My keen and is the general mangrove this time is supposed to be in the coach. I don't think I'll ever be ready for that
No, so we got a new broadcast or new general manager and new coaches anybody in South Florida care
No, Stanley Cup finals night Calgary at Tampa Bay. I bet you got a whole bunch of people from South Florida over
Headed over to Tampa for the game tonight. Don't you think?
No, yeah, sure. If I heard you going right now see here's the what bothers you most about George W. Bush
I bet you were gonna get a lot of votes on this 175
He's a moron 74
He's just a face man for neoconic stream is 69 course most of these are all you know just choose the one
He's a dangerous religious fanatic 53 nothing. He's a great leader 40 14 and a half percent
Oh my god
Wow that is staggering aren't you shocked?
He's a crook he stole the 2000 election 29 and he's divisive and hate mongering 10. I guess those 40 people never read any of the books
They don't read the internet they have no idea what's really going on in the world or more likely they don't really want to know
And of course whatever books they probably read are the ones by David from stuff like that
Matt Fudge
This kind of crap
Let it anyway
And then whatever they read on the units probably like the Fudge report and the newsmax.com and the free republic.com all of these other
Accrazed the right way speaking of crazed they just showed that thing and is it in the job I believe where they had the little damage to the one of the
Holy temples in Iran yeah there was a bit of a scratch from the pain
There was a scratch on the gold there. Oh and these people like smashing themselves in the head and they're crying in their hysterical
So I think it proves once again that the term crazed religionist is redundant right?
And of course you see the people with their magic flying carpets and they're throwing themselves on the ground and the people at the
Wailing wall the Orthodox Jews I'm Tony man religious nuts you people scared a crap out of me and the rest of you people ought to be scared too
I'm scared because that's what it's all about is crazy religious fanatics that's what it's all about and nobody wants to talk about that
Because they're scared crapless or religion man you don't want to dittle with a religionist
Be afraid be very afraid
Now we ought to take call for two here today. I mean like yesterday we had a short show we only took what two or four calls something like that
Maybe and it was fabaloso man we had a great time here yesterday because I don't want to revert to read all these bedtime stories but I'm gonna
The spirit of Christ is compelling me. I don't know what it is you better not revert prevert well too bad
I'm gonna be doing a lot of this stuff here in the five months to come whether you like it or not at least while I'm here
Of course you'll be on most of the summer
Thank God well that was great yesterday two and a half hour show wait till Thursday the pregame show starts at noon
Oh man right not that we don't want to be here the whole four hours to save the world from itself
But that's you're a nice reprieve you know yeah
WDQA and hello
Yes Neil yes sir
Okay I've got a little suggestion for today's call
Pull is closed sorry
This is we don't need to pull build today okay
I know that's your speciality out there in the audience now they the pull is closed that's it no new suggestions
If you were for going to take any calls it's gonna be from people who actually have something to say
Which I realize you better mark the day on the counter because that could be the first time in history of this show
But that's what it's gonna be otherwise I'm I'm moving right on with my agenda WDQA and hello
Hey Neil how you doing okay sir hey listen about six seven years ago you sent me a hat
In front said Neil knows hockey in the back that Hank knows fat
I think I think we need to adjust that to something about guilty what do you think
Well guilty knows something but we can't put the we can't say the word on the air
Yeah but how about this yeah
Neil knows pop Goldie just sucks
I like that
You take care of that
Okay thanks for the good news finally
Geldie sucks now we're picking out Geldie now he has broadcast two hockey games in his life
I think that makes him infinitely qualified don't you sure when that red deer Randy
Moverman suck it up not Joe Rose gave us the real inside story there that Randy
Mover was just really pissed off about the old Geldie thing
It's all a big ego trip it's just they're all fighting in the tearing like a cat fight you know
That's what it is as if anybody really cares
I don't care line nine WQA and hello
Shut up and pass the bus
He's doing his Geldie play by play come on now
It's a goal it's a goal it's a goal
It's a penalty
It's a stop shot cut it off
No
In stereo WQA and hello
Neil yes sir there's a stipulation in Geldie's contract and what is that he has to support a mohawk
I'll see you in mohawk
WQA and hello
WQA and hello
QAM
I hear you
Is that like a recording are we on hold or something
We don't have time for it WQA and hello
Yeah we're talking Neil
Speaking
Hey Neil how you doing?
Pretty good
Didn't recognize your voice right over the little cell phone
You know he helped and I love your showing it's cool when you pick on Goldie or Mover
Whoever
But I told him it sounds a little embarrassed and like you know like maybe you're jealous
And he got the job and you didn't do something
What is with this foamy voice?
What foamy voice is me?
We just foamy voice do you always talk like that?
Absolutely
Why would I be jealous? What do I want to do the Panther games for?
What the hell am I?
I can't do anything
I can't do anything now
No
All right well whatever you just come across there we go
Thank you
Okay now get a real hoist
LA and also I forgot to mention this after the break
Don't send me any more faxes from Dave the Cop
I saw it I thought maybe it might be interesting and then before I read it
It was a whole page and at the bottom Dave the Cop
Get your own show Dave okay?
No I'm tired of this crap
We get the same stuff from the same people I mean the good faxes they sent a short little blurb
And if we want we read them if not that's okay
But Dave the Cop
This is one of the fear for people out there who wants to have his own show
Good luck to you okay here clear chance got a lot of openings all right?
Go save some people Dave
Well what kind of a cop has got the time to sit down or write that kind of garbage right?
South Florida cop
Don't send me any more well go get some donuts
Okay go put the pot of coffee on there get the Dunkin' Donuts
Which we hate Dunkin' Donuts on the show like poison
WQAM hello
I didn't want to answer
WQAM hello
Oh the food in law
WQAM hello
This is Eddie
Eddie uh fake Eddie bad WQAM hello
Hey you all I'm going
Okay
Hi you guys
WQAM hello
I'm Neil
Yes sir
Hey so you kept mentioning you know a lot of the Jews are pro-borsions so far
Now two months ago there was an article in the Sunset No
We're like 38% of them are supporting George Bush and so forth
And there's a guy that calls you once in a while
Call you reanestimatic or tells you you want to kill all the Arabs and stuff like that
And it's funny I've heard him on Richard Pearl show
Who is Richard Pearl
I've heard him on Aruka every time you know because he's here
French is Baruka?
French is Baruka
Right
And it's just that you know he gets around trying to say
But I got a nickname for them
Yes
I call them Jews, Jewish Nazis
Oh you want to get them?
I like that
You want to get them going you call them a Jewish Nazi
Because they're just doing the same thing the Germans used to do in your life
I can't say the Jews like to do anything
Or I can't say the Jews like to do anything
It might be a port name uh oozzi
And have a great day
What do you say?
Jewsy proof
How's that pull coming?
Take a look at it
And weep
What bothers you the most about George W. Bush
It's a good pull question especially on the day after that speech that none of us watched
336 votes but I do wish we would have had that clip about Abu Ghul-Balala Prism
He's a moron 91
I mean that's obvious just looking at him anybody can see that
He's just a face man for a Neocon extremist 85
That's close
He's a dangerous religious fanatic 65
Nothing bothers me he's a great leader 46 13.6%
Idiots
He's a crook he stole the 2000 election 36
And he's divisive and hate-monger if 13
And by the way there's same 46 people who say that he's a nothing bothers them
They would tell you that Bubba is just a degenerate and he was a uh...
S-bag which we can't say on here
But we will starting next week you'll see or even sooner
S-bag, S-bag
1056 at 560 WQAM
You know summertime itself Florida guarantees three things
Heat humidity hurricanes and probably a fourth
Maskeet is the size of bowling balls
You can't control the weather be you can't control how you protect your home during hurricane season
Florida Neucon Hurricane, New Code Hurricane Shutters installed shutters
And over 3000 homes in South Florida over the past decade
From panels accordion roll down or Bahamas shutters
Florida Neucode Hurricane Shutters makes it easy for it to select a hurricane protection that your home needs
Call 954-868-4935 for your free home estimate
If you own a two-story home you know how much trouble it is using a ladder to put up your shutters
Practically a break your neck or maybe actually do it
Florida Neucode now offers a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside
Second floor windows with no need for ladders
Leaving you a credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase too
So call Florida Neucode Hurricane Shutters today and now is absolutely the time to do it
Call 954-868-4935
That's 954-868-4935
Florida Neucode Hurricane Shutters providing South Florida hurricane protection over the past decade
My life and love this is Fort Radio High City
You ain't no way
The bite the bite
On the next episode of the show, guilty young steam starts as Mick Mackie
You're a faired man
A very faired man
I'm gonna point your face on the stove here
Pension moms when guilty faces off with Captain Mo
I-I those pictures I saw of you doing the guy here
Yeah that's right and I wanna keep it on the rack see
Okay
I don't want nobody knowing what went on there
It didn't mean my career
Your safety is safe with me
Good, I got it
Hey everybody
Captain Mo
Put the Mo
And Homo
Autobot
11 eyelets
560-WDQ 我想去
Everybody picking on Fortnite
Guilty today, huh?
It's wrong with them
Anyway here is the facts from Jane who says
Just wanna know that I went to boarders to see if
I could find spitting on the X全 off the EU
And according to their records, the book, which was published in December 2003, is out of print.
Well, guess what? I don't buy it.
I just did buy it a couple of months ago right here at the World's Largest Bookstore in Toronto.
If it's out of print, how could I have bought it, right?
Uh...
The only place I could have find it, she says, was Amazon.com, the paperback version.
Too bad that if it's as great as you said, it isn't more readily available.
A, well it is available on Amazon.com.
So get with it, Jane! A!
I found it! Grab it! Get it! You're everybody ought to be reading it.
Anyway, this thing that you just fact-me, this is unacceptable.
A new bill introduced in Congress last month wants to allow parents to take the lawn of their own hands.
Every time children are exposed to material, that they feel is objectionable for minors to see here or read.
As far as individual responsibility, forget about it, okay?
The Parents Empowerment Act, introduced by a Republican Congressman Duck in 100 of California, April 20th,
would let minors or parents on their behalf
super-duces of entertainment products that are deemed harmful to minors.
So in other words, the parents have no responsibility.
If the minors accidentally turn on Debbie Desditroid, then we're going to sue somebody.
We'll sue Debbie Boone.
I'm starting to sue him now.
Right. We'll sue the old Boone in the box.
And by the way, who facts you that stuff mark our chronic facts remark?
We don't care what Pat Boone says, okay?
We care about the Boone in the box only because it's mildly amusing and very small.
But other than that, nobody cares what Pat Boone has to say, okay?
Jesus, God, Mark.
Each and every day millions of children
assess the Internet, other interactive entertainment products that Congress
has been hundreds of press release regarding the bill.
As this number increases more and more of our nation's children are unexpectedly
and tragically exposed to pornography.
Pornography.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Like most Americans, I firmly believe that those responsible for the current threat of obscene
material and its ill effects should be punished for distributing such material to our children.
And what are the ill effects of pornography I would ask in the answer is?
Oh, yeah.
Well, they're still working on that.
And what is this other thing you just expect?
Is this of any interest whatsoever?
I don't know. You need to translate it.
Watch out.
No, I don't have time to stop that.
I don't know. I have no time for that crap.
Okay. In other words, if it's something that we can't understand,
don't waste our time with it.
Please, okay? I got a whole pile of really important stuff here,
which I know most people don't care about because most of you
got the IQ over fruit fly, but the rest of the people do care about it.
So speaking of important stuff, yes, for a good time.
And it is a good time. Call Ron.
Crazy Ron.
Yeah.
Which I have been doing during the last break.
Oh good. You got his number.
Great.
Boy, you want it?
Sure, absolutely.
Why are you kidding me?
Absolutely.
I mean, talk about somebody who desperately needs to interact.
Let's go.
954-430-3827.
Okay. Crazy Ron.
Do you want it to?
Hi.
Yeah.
The Prozac kid.
And that's why I hit the phone too.
He, I want it.
Does he really?
Oh, yeah.
He has to say,
Hi.
Like that?
954-430-3827.
3827.
3827, yeah.
Well, maybe you want to keep him entertained.
He'd love to hear from me.
I'm sure he's a little lonely over there,
but only with him and his bottle of Prozac
and his head between his cheeks.
So maybe you want to get Ron on the horn, okay?
And he'll say,
Hi.
Yeah.
He will.
Yeah, I'm sure he will.
What bothers you most about George W. Bush is our pull.
And of course,
the audience should know that we already years ago
went through a whole round of
uh,
machinations with Ron.
Hi.
And all his Prozac problems.
And thought that we had him like stuff back in the bottle again,
but just like Geney,
every now and then,
when he least expected,
Yeah.
He pops right out.
All he's got to do is just walk away.
Sorry.
That's right, but he can do it.
Uh,
388 votes.
What bothers you most about George W. Bush?
We're going to get over 400 votes
in the first hour on this pull.
How do you like that?
That's pretty impressive if you ask me if you ask an old fart like me.
And by the way,
Castanoba,
if a 44-year-old guy can't relate to 18 and 20-year-olds,
then how come you're stealing a material of a 61-year-old old fart like me?
That that's really,
that really uh,
makes me wonder, huh?
Why would you steal a material from a
crusty old fart like Neil Rogers
when he's 110 years old?
And you're trying to appeal to 18-year-olds.
Like, come on,
quote with the excuses, Ron.
And whatever your name is, Paul.
What is his name?
Hehehehehehehehe.
They are so marginal, man.
So freaking weak.
What bothers you most about George W. Bush?
He's a moron, 102.
He's just a face man for neo-conic streamers 99.
He's a dangerous religious fanatic 81.
Nothing.
He's a great leader, 51.
13.1%.
That's an unlucky number when the election comes around.
By the way, 13.1.
13.8.
And it's unlucky unless it's either Dan Merino or Matt
Sundin.
He's a crook.
He stole the 2000 election, 41.
He's diverse, divisive and diverse in perverse.
He's divisive and hate-mongering 14.
John Kerry, that's going to require the president to
genuinely reach out to our allies.
So the US doesn't have to continue to go
to Lona Crate, the stability area.
Whatever he said, it was boring.
John Kerry said something boring.
Is that a bolt in the...
Hehehehehehe.
Now!
I know we got a lot of great calls coming in.
That's fine.
But here's some, I'll interspers the important crap.
Oh, speaking of radio stuff, let's get the radio stuff
taken care of first, okay?
Okay.
Two things.
What about us?
Before I get to who led Bin Laden's leave US,
Bush refuses to answer the 9-11 commission's queries.
He wouldn't answer that question.
That's something?
Perth.
While Bill Clinton and Al Gore were a stuck overseas
and couldn't get a flight of the Bin Laden family
on the 14th of September 2001,
they were all being quietly escorted out of the USA.
Huh?
And we still don't know why or who decided that,
or who told the FBI,
Olim Malone don't ask no questions.
Things like that.
See, if the people who are the...
See, it's no wonder that the religious nuts
are also the bush people,
the Republican extremists,
there's no wonder.
Because they're idiots.
They just accept things on their way.
No, listen to me.
Whatever is told to them,
don't confuse us with any facts.
Whether it's the religious gobbling book,
they can't reason.
They have no ability, no mental ability
to reason things.
In other words, to read a bunch of conflicting things
and try to come to a conclusion of their own.
Just brainwash me, please.
Just keep brainwashing.
Keep pouring at the...
at the...
Happy over putting on my brain.
And brainwash me, and then I'll be fine.
So the old expression,
don't confuse them with the facts,
could not possibly be more...
appropriate than for these goop balls on the far right,
the religious nuts.
Let's see.
Here's Groundhog Z, whatever this is.
It's a...
I'm a fan of yours,
and a fan of hip hop.
This week on South Beach,
the Nazi-like police will be out in full riot gear.
I'm begging you to please ask the police
since they're going to be kicking ass anyway.
Can they at least leave the local kids alone
and the rest of the New Yorkers
who come down here for hip hop?
We can...
That's a good idea.
Rest all the New Yorkers.
Okay, make them put like a badge under forehead.
And I love New York sticker-winder ass.
Right?
Right, all the locals could wear something
identifying like a...
Saying I'm not from New York,
right, or a gold star in their lapel.
Or a pink triangle.
What?
Does it have to be pink?
That's...
That's when I was told I got the met.
When I was downer that week,
I got the message in the mail.
It said, Mr. Rogers,
you're going to be required starting July first
to be wearing a pink triangle on your forehead
and on each cheek of your...
Correct them.
Ask.
Attention, man.
Right.
That's the New Deal.
Anyway, that's...
Can we get back to this?
Hey, all you cops down there.
Leave the local kids alone.
Okay, leave the local schwarzers alone
and take the New York kids and kick their ass.
Yeah, everybody if you're smart,
just wear a t-shirt.
This is I hate New York or something like that.
And then they'll know.
Then they will fear you.
Clear channel station suit for slander.
This is some very good news.
Anything bad that happens to teap channel just...
It just makes a little...
Oh, like a twitch in my ass.
The Boseman, oh, you know Boseman Montana.
Sure do.
He's been there?
Yep.
I'll be back.
College Town.
The Boseman Daily Chronicle reports
that a Boseman woman is filed suit
against teap channel communications alleging
that announces for Joe's junkyard
the morning show on KIS...
KISNFM, Kiss NFM,
slandered her 14-year-old daughter in February.
Oh, my God.
The lawsuit filed last week in Galaton County District Court.
Also names local radio station 96.7 KISNFM,
which is owned by clear channel.
As they defended in the case,
the complaint alleges that announces
called a minor girl,
derogatory and as sexually explicit names,
after her name was spoken by a caller
on the ear the Chronicle says.
Here's what allegedly happened.
Here's the story.
On February 16, two days after Valentine's day,
the popular morning show encourage listeners
to call the station and complain about former girl friends
and boyfriends who had broken their hearts.
In exchange, those who called would get to have poop
at a variation of cupid,
deliver a bag of extra-man to the heartbreakers home.
During the program, a girl apparently called the announces,
revealed that her boyfriend had cheated on her with another girl.
The announces asked the name of the girl
and was set on the ear according to court records.
The lawsuit also alleges that the announces
referred to the girl as a slut,
hooker and horror during the course of the broadcast
of Chronicle Reports.
The girl's mother, who was listening to the show,
went home to check on her daughter,
not long afterward,
pooped rang the doorbell.
The mother promptly ordered poop it off her property.
Remember that song by Sam Cook?
Poo-pid rang my bell.
Remember that pooped?
Yeah, I did.
In a prepared statement,
Dave Cowan,
market manager of Kiss and F.M.
said the station sincerely,
apologizes for any discomfort.
The resultant from a caller's disclosure
during our local morning show, Joe's junkyard.
He added that he looks forward to the correct facts
being presented with a radio station
and the owner, Father, who responds in a suit.
Along with Slander,
the lawsuit accused the state of invasion of privacy,
trespassing and inflicting emotional distress.
How do you like that?
Distress or the blue dress?
I'll take the blue one, thank you.
It's worth a fortune.
WRKO Talkhost penned Boston Globe and Decency Editorial.
Talk Radio WRKO, Boston Host, Scott Allen Miller.
You've got Scott.
Wrote an interesting editorial for the Boston Globe,
calling on the FCC to institute clear-cut,
detailed guidelines for what it considers
in decency and broadcasting.
Miller says that without a specific rule,
book radio and TV stations are marred with confusion,
caution and uncertainty, and he is...
Absolutely correct sir.
The FCC's crackdown is against all broadcasters,
not just a few famous shock chucks,
or writes Miller.
The vast majority of us would obey the FCC guidelines
if we only knew what they were.
With only a few coverage-related
FCC presidents, but no official rules to go by,
responsible radio station programmers have to guess
about what is merely risque and what is truly risky.
Meanwhile, careers and radio stations have
themselves hang in the balance.
Miller also points out that the war on
indecency is mostly being levied by the FCC
and not by the American public.
Of the estimated 9 million viewers
of Witness Janet Jackson's judgment
malfunctioned last February to Super Bowl,
about 530,000 people, less than 1% of the audience
complained to the FCC.
On the other hand, increased viewership
of satellite and cable TV,
whose content is largely unregulated by the FCC,
proves that most Americans are not pining for the days
when only wholesome programming was on the idiot box.
He said, can we complete an editorial boss to go about that?
I scroll in Scott, you go, boy.
Yeah, most people aren't all that excited about
Cienassi and Harry anymore.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, why not?
Father knows best.
1113 at 560 WQ, I'm speaking of what's on the idiot box.
Boom is TV, but not just regular TV.
It's high definition TV delivered by satellite vision,
HD receiver.
The picture is so superior to regular TV,
you won't believe it.
The quality is like comparing the latest DVD
to the first kinescope we ever saw on your set.
Boom is the only like the test pattern.
Boom is the only entertainment system designed
for high definition TV.
Boom is the most HD TV anywhere
and provides all the equipment necessary
to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience,
including your satellite dish, HD receiver,
and remote as well, of course.
And Boom has got over 30 channels.
About 30, man.
Of HD programming, you can watch ESPN
and high definition as well.
That's three times more than you get from cable.
And they've got all your other favorite channels,
two like HBO and TV, even your local Yoko channels too.
Boom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment
for you to enjoy.
Boom even has exclusive channels of HD
movies, music, and sports
that you can't even get from your cable
to satellite company.
So with Boom, you get all the stuff you got now
plus all these awesome new high definition channels
you can't get no play sales.
For their limited time offer,
call Boom today at 1-866-848-8666
or check them online at VUM.com.
This includes free installation,
no upfront cost, and no long-term commitment.
But you better do it right away
because the offer ends May 31,
which by my figurine is only six days away.
Call them today at 1-866-848-8666
or online at VUM.com.
My, I, and local, this is Sports Radio by City.
You, A, M.
The thing, you know what I mean?
Wait a minute, I'm gonna make star by now.
Star?
You know what that little bit sweet voice
had you expect to get anywhere a little cutie-poo?
We'll take you?
I can't get to the city.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
It's only five of his wife,
the higher-conhabitation.
You want the more white beer you want.
Yeah, what about you?
The more white I hate you.
What do I hate?
I'm gonna be in you.
I want a time.
Your tech-a-ring.
No, don't help.
She's a robot.
Begin a donut.
And point like this.
Why you, I oughta smack you.
Thanks too.
I know my smell attracts you.
Thank you.
But unlike that, you still got some job.
I feel just like that you are my divirator.
And one year later.
That's why you're so much higher.
This is the little bit.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm on a show.
And what you, in a crew car.
Absolutely.
And we till it's over.
That's enough.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
1119, I'm just thinking about that very jackass column this morning that had Gully Ruppel
his feather a little bit.
Yeah, you know who must have put that in there.
Because who plants everything in various columns?
Who tells him what to print?
You?
I'll give you one clue, boys and girls.
Okay, the answer is, oh wait a minute.
Good thing I looked at it.
Greg Reed must have planted that.
So that's just another way of taking a shot at Yumo.
That's what he's doing.
Yumo?
Who led Ben Laden's lead US Bush refusers to answer 9-11 commissions queries.
The Bush administration refused to answer repeated requests from the 9-11 commission
about who authorized flights of Saudi-Raven citizens, including
members of Osama bin Laden's family from the US immediately after the attacks in 2001.
See if we can't even get an answer to this.
Now what's the point of all the other crap?
You know what I'm saying?
This goes right back to the very beginning.
This goes back to right in the aftermath of 9-11 of that grotesqueery that occurred on 9-11
when a bunch of Saudis attacked the US.
When a bunch of the Bush family's friends attacked the US.
Former representative Lee Hamilton, vice chairman of the Independent Bipartisan Commission,
disposed the administration's refusal to answer questions on the sensitive subject
during a recent close-door meeting with a group of Democratic senators according to several Democratic sources.
However, former Navy Secretary John Lehman, a Republican appointee who also attended the meeting
sent an email to the Hill that he told Senators the White House has been fully cooperative.
In other words, he lied.
Democrats suspect President Bush who met privately with the Saudi-Raven Ambassador
Prince Bandar Bill and Sultan bin Abdul Aziz, aka Bandar Bush on the morning of September 13th 2001,
may have personally authorized the controversial fights, several of which took place when all other US commercial air travel had been halted.
The White House communications office did not return a request for comment.
If Bush remembers of his inner circle, our show to approve the fight of the prominent Saudi-Ravened citizens,
it could be damaging the Bush who was staked as a re-lection campaign in large measure
to his carefully built images the steady leader of the war against terrorism.
Senator Barbert Boxer said she asked Hamilton and Lehman if they were able to fight out who in the administration authorized those Saudi-Ravened flights.
Who did this? Why would the Saudis want to go out of the country? They said those questions have been partly inquiry
and they haven't received satisfactory answers yet and they were pushing Boxer said.
Another Democrat in the meeting who confirmed Boxer's account reported that Hamilton said,
we don't know who authorized it, we've asked that question 50 times and they won't answer it.
Boxer said she obtained a commitment from Hamilton that the commission will state in its final report
if the White House refused to answer questions about who authorized the Saudi flights after the 2001 attacks.
Last month, the 9-Loving Commissioner Milista statement declaring that six chartered flights that rushed the Saudi-Sidens out of the country were handled properly by the Bush administration.
In a recent interview on NBC's Meet the Press, Prince Bandar said he did not discuss with Bush to need to evacuate Saudi-Sidens from the US after 9-Loving.
He said he asked the FBI for permission. However, John E. Narelli, the FBI spokesman on counter terrorism activities,
has denied that the FBI had any role in facilitating these flights one way or another.
Somebody's lying over here. See what I'm saying? Somebody's lying over here? No.
Bill Harvey, a member of the Family Steering Committee, which represents the families of 9-Loving attacks, said the lack of the White House cooperation not identifying who authorized the Saudi flights fit into a pattern.
Pressure from the Family Steering Committee was one of the several factors that prompted the White House to agree to the creation of the 9-Loving Commissioner in the first place.
I stopped being surprised about this a long time ago, said Harvey, whose wife died in the attack.
They have not been cooperative. There's cooperation and then there's cooperation. Are they doing these things under possible threat of subpoena? Yes. Are they actively fulfilling the spirit of the Commission's request? No.
The White House was opposed to the formation of this Commission in the first place, Harvey, said they did everything to neuter it earlier this spring when we tried to get more time for the Commission to complete its report. The White House was an obstacle.
On the afternoon of September, now I want you to listen very, very carefully to those of you who have got any ability to think whatsoever, who aren't a bunch of brainwashed religions waiting for Armageddon to come, waiting for the Rapture.
I think there's a better chance we're going to have a rupture before a Rapture, if you ask me, I could be wrong. You know what a cynical bastard I am.
Yeah. Right? I think there's going to be a rupture before any Rapture. You religious crazy people. You crazy bastards.
The White House was opposed to the formation of this Commission. I already read that. Here's the important part. Got it? All right.
On the afternoon of September 13, 2001, three Saudi men in their early 20s flew in a lear jet from Tampa to Lexington, Kentucky where they boarded a Boeing 747 with Arabic writing on it, waiting to take them out of the country.
The flight from Tampa to Lexington was the first reported in the Tampa Tribune on October was first reported in the Tribune on October 2001.
Earlier that day, the FAA had issued a notice that private aviation was banned and the three private planes that had violated the ban have been forced to land by military aircraft according to an article last year in Vanity Fair.
The flight from Tampa to Lexington was one of several flights that Saudi-Raven citizens took in the median aftermath of 9-11 when the rest of the country was prohibited from flying.
Many of the Saudis were members of the Saudi royal family or they've been lawden family. The New York Times has reported that been lawden family members were driven or flown under FBI supervision to a secret meeting in Texas and then to Washington where they left the country when airports were allowed to open September 14, 2001.
Overall, close to 140 Saudis left the US and days after the attacks, even though 15 of the 19 terrorists who carried out the 9-11 attacks were Saudi-Raven themselves.
By contrast, prominent Americans such as former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore were stranded overseas during the crisis because of the freeze on air travel. Craig Unger wrote in his 2004 book House of Bush House of Saud, which I'm going to start reading today.
That's in my pile. I haven't gotten to that one yet. I'm going to start reading it today. This is because I'm so pissed off and fired up about this.
And so should the public be, but the public is like that as usual and the Democrats are like that, making a little bit of noise. That's about it.
Spineless, gutless, jellyfish who are allowing this carnage, this insanity, the slaughter to go on, that jeopardized that article about the 18,000 al-Qaeda.
Weren't they telling us many, many months ago before the Iraq attack about, oh, al-Qaeda has had its head chopped off an area. They can't do this and their funding has been stopped all the sudden.
And so, the other bullcrap, well, if they were to kept going with that, and spend just a fraction of 100 of billion and many, many more billions are going to flush down the toilet in Iraq, maybe we wouldn't have no more al-Qaeda.
How do you like that? Maybe we'd have Osama Yamama. Maybe we'd have Al-Sauda, whatever his name is. Al-Qaeda don't have no law.
And Al-Zarqawi did it alive with it without his leg. It was probably dead, by the way.
That was another one of those things. Well, just a mix signals there. CNN comes on here and says that their experts, which I think probably was sold at a bride, their experts decided that it was not Al-Zarqawi's voice on the competition tape that you watched yesterday, the McBrugged thing. It wasn't him.
And then all of a sudden later in the afternoon, the CIA said, oh, that was him. I mean, if Don I'm, I just can talk. Why can't another dead man talk, right?
There you go. Just like those people that Abu Mughal were there prison. 27 past 11 at 560 WQM when you shop for quality footwear, one name should pop into your mind immediately. Brandy shoes and pompano beads because they've got an unbeatable deal.
They got great selection, unbeatable prices. And of course, professional service. The people at Brandy's know your feet inside and on. In fact, they can probably recognize you just by the smell of your feet.
At Brandy shoes, you'll find the biggest selection means a woman shoes in the universe, the best prices as well. At Brandy's, they got all the names in the shoe business that you know and love and covet like rock port, floor shine, S.A.S. Spirit, timberland naturalizer and all the others too.
And with Brandy's humongous selection, I'll bet Greg reads life on it right now. And I'll throw them in clearance as well.
But whatever style you're looking for when you're size is on the shelf, waiting to slap on your foot right now. In fact, most of Brandy's customers keep coming back and usually by several pair on each visit.
Brandy's is open daily nine to nine Monday through Saturday, Sundays, 10 to five and you'll find about 12, 90, nor Federal Highway and pompano beads.
It's always worth the trip because they save you so much cash and they've got exactly what you're looking for. All this wicked Brandy's take 20% off at all famous brands,
men's and women's vote shoes, come in to the store of his online at brandy shoes dot com.
I think the local business is five cities. The radio is on your.
You in.
Overpassing cafe hard rock cafe and hardly Davidson cafe. There's our new overpriced theme restaurant in town.
It's the news cafe where all your favorite news anchors are serving up dishes as hot as today's headlines.
This is Tom Broca and I'll be your server this evening. Today's specials are chicken all all-ery king and salmon Donald Trump.
At the news cafe, TV's most trusted reporters read your dinner order off a teleprompter.
I'm your wait was far more water. This Justin will roll out of wolf winces, but soft as a welcome ending the KP Koek.
Yes, sure, but make it snappy. I'm in a hurry.
Okay, but first if you were three what kind of tree would you be and the kitchen is always open late at the news cafe?
I'm Ted Kabul and this is the night menu. If you're hungry for hard news and great food, then tune in to the news cafe.
And then if you don't visit the news cafe, Albeys man is a rain down risk. Comfort reservations.
Receiving his tag like a few small bathing suit got a two long ride home from the beach. That's it. This place is harder than I knew you.
Love it pretty.
732, 28 till noon at 560 W.D.C.
Back to kind of a more normal schedule today other than the fact little dog was on vacation. So we had Moa in the big day in a morning and killed 8 to 10.
Touting his own patten himself on the back boy. Talk about embarrassing.
I'm going to do the panting games. I'm doing a panting games. I'm going to do this. I'm going to take over the dog for a job. I'm going to take over Moa's job at the dog for games.
I'm going to do a baseball and take it over from Dave and boring. I'm going to be all things to all people. I'm going to be big. I'm going to be a star at squeaky gildy.
But I want to do those games. You know, that's the reason I'm picking on gildies because I'm jealous. Right. I mean, you can't make enough of me coming back and staying the whole winter in South Florida and traveling around the hockey games.
Can't you? And the games and the show at the same time. Sure.
Madrid. This really, this reminds me. It's like dizzy. Lou all over again. Remember our person of interest whose name escapes me at the moment, but I'm sure remember the anthrax investigation. Right.
Stephen Hatfield. It just came very good. How do you like that? What are the miracle? That was back during the investigation. And John asked CROFT in the Justice Department said we have a person of interest.
We are not charging with any. And then of course they got him fired from his job at LSU and they destroyed his life. And now he's suing as CROFT in the federal government. I hope he wins millions. I hope he wins billions yet.
And let me ask you this. So they caught whoever did the anthrax stuff. No. Well, it's one of them things.
Madrid bombing case to one out against Oregon attorney. Just another one of those cases of a mistaken identity.
With a Muslim of course. A federal court yesterday threw out the case against the American lawyer once linked to the Madrid trained bombings and the FBI expressed regret. We apologize for a fingerprint identification error that led to his arrest.
Now, first of all, Scott has picture here. He don't look like no smot to head to me. Branded me field. I think Curtis may feel done it. Don't you? Yeah. I think they have pick up his ass.
The court's action lets the cloud of suspicion that a surrounded attorney branded me field since his arrest may six the 37 year old convert to Islam sharply criticized the government after the announcement calling his time behind bars humiliating and embarrassing and saying he was targeted because of his faith.
And of course we know that he is absolutely correct. I am a Muslim American and an ex-office of the US military said at news conference. I believe I was single out and discriminated against. I feel as a Muslim.
And of course we know what kind of a gutter religion that is based on all these born again. Not case theologist out there. Don't we? Right.
No, Muslims are all, you know, it's just it's pathetic. FBI. And of course that's what religion does best. It breeds hate, content, intolerance. That's what it's all about. And with very important things going on in the world like is the plan that keeps spinning around and all this other crap. Let's have an amendment against gay marriage. That's really important stuff.
FBI official speaking on condition of anonymity had said that mayfield's fingerprint match one found on a bag of detonators near the train station image.
Red marked in the March 11th bombing which killed 191 people in your 2000s. But last week Spanish authorities said the fingerprints of an Algerian man were on the bag. Not Curtis mayfield.
Robert Jordan the FBI agent in charge of a organ said the agency regretted any hardship caused by the rest and said the bureau would review its practices on fingerprint.
Anilizations. Oh, how do you like that? They made a mistake. And of course when this government admits they make a mistake boy. It's a cool day in Saudi Arabia.
Jordan said the FBI's initial determination about mayfield's fingerprint was based on an image of substated quality. In other words, it was like a smeared little old M.S.B. him.
Substant quality. I mentioned they had better fingerprints of O.J. on Ron and Nicole's neck. What? You know I'm right. Yeah.
Oh, but that DNA you know who really belongs behind death row is that little Shrek guy. What was very Shrek rhymes with Drek ever seen together with Todd Drek.
Same person. And by the way, I just want to I know this has nothing to do and I'm interrupting myself which I have a bad habit of doing that.
But it's one of those things when you get to be old and feeble when the thought it is you mind waited out you better pull it out.
I'll get back to this thing in a minute. But I want to I want to just pass this along to screw and win it. Okay.
That's the last time ever that I'm doing anything for you. Okay, bitch. You smelly nasty obnoxious bitch. She comes to me Friday.
I'm trying to get that a lot of there because I'm leaving and I'm just anxious to be out of the building and out of that town. And that that that.
I believe you please. Okay. Give me a big hug. Oh god. I had a run to the shower. Really you hugged. Yeah.
We hugged. I was I was holding up the finger behind her head. But that's beside the point. That's how grateful she was that I was willing to go along because she
don't want to lose any money. And in the meantime, did she get Todd direct to do his job? Will she get him to do his job? No. No. It's a loss.
He bring you that copy. I don't want to be speaking out of turn. Did he bring you that copy that we need desperately? No. No.
The parents get on top of this. Is he since stuff is outgittin is a whole examine today. The parents get on top of this and get a.
You are not alone guys. Yeah, that I want to be. Especially where you're concerned. Okay. Miss Moth. Yeah. He's the even is the Kurds in way.
Mayfield, the former army lieutenant was released from custody last week after the fingerprint announcement by Spanish authorities.
But he was not altogether clear to suspicion at the time the government said he remained a material witness and put restrictions on his movements. Those restrictions were left to the yesterday when they find had egg on their post. They's sorry.
Armistake are bad. One of the documents that's going to be unsealed in that the David file by FBI special agent Richard Kate Wartner in support of the material witness arrest award.
Shed some light on the case after a fingerprint analysis of the detonator bag wet in the word of city was advised the FBI lamp stands by the conclusion of a 100% positive identification.
Right. The effort. David also notes that mayfield's wife Mona was born in Egypt. Oh, that proves it. Uh huh. And then they will represent a Jeffrey Leon battle in child custody case.
Battle later was among group of Portland men who pleaded guilty to conspiring to help al-Qaeda and the Taliban fight us forces in Afghanistan.
The document also notes one phone call between Mona mayfield and Pete Cedar also known as Peru's said a gati director of the US office of Al-Harmine Islamic foundation in the Ashland.
The Bush administration designated the foundations a terrorist organization. Steven Wax, the public defender who represented mayfield said mayfield may sue the government. Good you go boy. I hope you get billions to lawyers for mayfield also said.
The would call for an investigation in the leaks to the media in the case as well as a probe in a FBI actions and how the fingerprint could have been misidentified a jag order had been placed in the case mayfield's mother says the family wants an apology from the US government.
They want an apology.
5.670560.560 your government in action again baby. What about gay and grouper would think of that? What bothers you the most about George W. Bush?
That's our poll question today on the O'Range's dot com and along with what's your name? Lara Flynn Boyle. It's getting plenty of attention today. They're taking a puket Lara Lara whatever name is and they're taking a puket on our pool.
524 votes. He's just a face man for neoconics stream is 142 which is absolutely positively beyond the shadow but out correct. He's a moron 131 which is absolutely in inarguable.
He's a dangerous religious for that 112 which there is no question of that. Nothing. He's a great leader 70 which all we can say that is. He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 51. He's divisive and hate mongering 18.
So I didn't look into good but he's got what is he got 13.3% in his audience in this liberal realistic heathen whatever we got out there right? Right.
Right. Right those people 20 till noon a QA mad dog coming up at two you know summertime itself Florida guarantees three things you can bet Greg's life on it.
He too many in hurricanes you can control the weather but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season Florida new code hurricane shutters installed shutters and over 3000 homes in soft.
Florida over the past decade from panels according roll down or Bahamas shutters Florida new code hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to select a hurricane protection your home needs call 954 868 4935 for your free home estimate.
If you own a two story home you know what a pain in the ass of is using a ladder to put up your shutters well Florida new code now offers you a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside on your second floor windows so you don't need that ladder you don't have to risk breaking your neck.
Believe in give you credit for your existing hurricane protection to a new purchase to so call Florida new code hurricane shutters today at 954 868 4935 that's 954 868 4935 Florida new code hurricane shutters that in providing soft Florida hurricane protection for the past decade.
We're sports radio 560 2 am.
They have a heart or a liver.
Yeah.
Oh.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice loud.
Get me some wires and a factory pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack.
You use you to the torture cause we're just playing their game in the past.
It had to be worse with Saddam who's saying.
745 15 till known at 560 W.
Ju.
A. M.
Madgog.
You two the Humper at four we got 551 votes on a bush.
Myster he's got exactly 13% say nothing bothers them about bush.
They think he's great.
He's a great leader 13% to that.
On lucky election time although the latest CNN pool.
Just a little while ago carry 49 bush 47.
I don't know they don't mention a to it all.
No good.
Yeah.
Although I will say this because later now in some of these other polls he's been
getting like 6% or 7% nationally because he's becoming the anti-war candidate.
The people that are most vehement against the war are going to him because Kiri has been
so namby, pami, wishy, washy, nelly, smelly, whatever he's been on this rack thing.
And of course voted for the resolution in the first place.
What are we going to do about John Kiri?
How about some oxygen?
Couldn't hurt.
Yeah.
He started electric shock.
They shoot him on his campaign plane a while ago given the the thumbs up in the high
sign.
He looked like a dead man in a suit.
Ever seen him and Don I'm is together?
And you'll notice that I'm is for Kiri.
Yeah.
I'm is usually to the right of a tell of the hunt.
He's pulling for Kiri now.
I think it's the same person.
Yes me.
No, I love it.
I really believe it.
He's wearing lifters.
Boy.
He is.
Somebody has got to push him up a little bit.
I still say I would love to have Howard Dean back.
Wouldn't you?
Yeah.
Right now.
Let's go get him.
Come on.
One little spin hard.
There you go.
Do it.
Do it for a mankind.
Jesus.
God.
He was like a live wire on fire.
Tell him marched out that me.
It's looking wife is and everything went to home in a hand basket.
We had so many calls about the president's speech.
Now before I read this though, line nine probably is about that Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Not your poll.
Could you combine a couple of?
No we can't.
It's already done.
When the poll is closed, OK?
No more.
You know, seriously, you folks really need some very serious help.
Not me.
It's not you or just not this show.
It's not even Greg.
OK.
It's it's South Florida.
It is just the most unbelievable intellectual wasteland.
No, no, no.
We've talked about this for a couple of years now.
And it's been be see basically be given them a crutch, which is easy for us because we
need to do one of what's the best movie of all time?
What's your favorite actor?
What's your favorite dog food?
And the fun's just ring off the hook and it's like a one or two word answer.
And that's the level, the capacity.
Otherwise it's it's the usual idiots.
And that's it.
There's almost nothing in between.
That's the ability of South Florida to communicate anything other than of course sports
and the sports calls are no better.
No.
Believe you me.
Well, don't you think that he can't?
They're still talking about the name game six with a heat in Indiana.
There's still the screaming about that.
Where?
Where?
You know, rather than saying boy, didn't they really pull it out of their ass and they give
us a hell of some excitement in this God-per-sacan place?
No.
You know, there's still belly-ick at about that.
And they should have done this and they should have done that.
We got a new coach for the Panthers and a new general manager, a new broadcaster.
Such easy as this.
And is anybody talking about that?
No.
No, just the usual silly little jokes about Geldie.
No.
And what a simple little suckhole he is.
I mean, that will kind of crap as that.
Right?
Yeah.
How about something with some meat on it like a bone?
How about something meaty?
How about something with some substance to it?
Okay?
Like Ernest Angelich would say or his need to want to go substance.
No, that's been he him.
Right.
That's the same, same crap different hairdo.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Just a couple things.
This thing with this attorney and Oregon.
Yeah.
That this really illustrates, I mean, this guy is lucky that this didn't happen like a
year and a half ago when they thought that they could just permanently detain people.
What do you mean they thought?
What do you mean they thought?
What do you mean they heard a half ago?
Well, that's when they thought they were doing now.
Well, no, I'm talking to the US, US citizens.
But do you know?
No, no, no, no.
You're looking at a dream world, man.
Well, to get their ass kicked in the Supreme Court on that.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what I was talking to Tony Scalia last night.
He told me, boy, we're going to really let him have it on that.
After teeny and I go fishing again.
Get on the real world, pal.
Okay, get on the real world.
Start understanding what's really going on.
He hasn't paid you a Dak three, four and five yet.
This guy.
In fact, if there's a knocking your door after that call.
It's a good thing I disconnected you, sir, because if you've been on another 30 seconds,
they'd have been knocking on your door, dragging your ass away.
Never see you know, Mo.
Wow.
What are they going to wake up and smell a smell of smell it?
WQA and hello.
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Speaking.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
I like when you read those bedtime stories.
Good, but you better get used to it because you're going to hear a lot of this this year.
Hey, when are you going to retire?
When I'm good and ready.
All right, retire, fact.
No, okay, retire, fact.
Oh, he's not.
What I said, there you go.
Thanks for listening by the way to the highly way to Neil Rogers show,
which wants to go off here.
Georgia was saying this morning and you're absolutely correct.
That the day that I do retire, which isn't really that far away when you come right down,
it would take away summers and vacations of whatever.
I think it's about five minutes.
These people are going to be wandering around in streets like a bunch of lost,
like the land of the lost.
The walking dead like a zombie.
Like a bunch of like the zombies, if I can say that.
They're going to be just wandering around aimlessly in the streets like some.
What are we doing now?
Well, you know, but that's okay.
The price of the show is right.
Nice going by the way, SCRAN, you crazy pathetic bitch.
WQAM, hello.
French fry, who made it?
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
They're coming to take me away.
They're not there.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, retire, asshole.
WQAM, hello.
Now, what a shame.
Okay, in fact, I'm so used to the old days that all took me like a second or two.
How bad I was last on that one, you know?
Maybe.
It took me a second.
It's like, oh, yeah, we can't do that.
Yeah, see, they low you in their false sense of security and all of a sudden like, oh,
oh, yeah.
At any rate, 1151, QN, the president's speech, here's the editor from the New York Times.
And of course, if you listen to these calls that we get on to show you, you do understand
why America's in the shape that it's in.
See, Bill Cosby's screaming in bitching about the education that black people are getting
in the way that they speak.
They're not alone, believe me.
You can't complain about education in America last, though I would say 20 years because
there basically isn't any.
Americans have no idea what's going on in the world.
In fact, if you put an oozzy to the head of most Americans who went out to a shopping mall
and stuck any kind of a weapon to their head and said, okay, here's a map of the world
point out Iraq.
They couldn't do it.
No.
For all the money in the universe and for a bullet in the head, they couldn't find Iraq
on the map with both your hands.
Pretty sad.
New York Times on a president's speech editorializes today.
Of course, that's that county pink or liberal New York Times that puts all those pictures of
dead Palestinian babies on a front page, much to the consternation of one of my son,
Florida amigos.
Too bad.
The president's speech, a president Bush have been talking a year ago after the fall
of Baghdad, his speech at the Army War College last night might have sounded like a plan
for moving forward.
He was able to point to a new United Nations resolution being developed and consultation
with American allies, not imposed in defiance of them, into a timetable for moving Iraq
through a elected self-government.
He talked in general terms of expanding international involvement and stabilizing Iraq,
but Mr. Bush was not starting fresh.
He spoke after nearly 14 months of policy failures, none of them acknowledged by the president
which have left Iraq increasingly violent and drained Washington's credibility with
the Iraqi people in the international community.
They've been waiting for Mr. Bush to make a clean break with those policies.
He did not do that last night.
The speech reflected the fact that Mr. Bush has been backtracking lately, but he didn't
even come close to charting a new course he needs to take.
His five steps to enter Iraqi independence were merely a recitation of the tasks ahead.
Mr. Bush plans a series of addresses on Iraq before June 30th.
But third man!
It was impossible not to wonder last night why he had waited until the security situation
in Iraq had become disastrous until Americans began losing faith in his leadership and
indeed until just 37 days before a crucial new phase begins the transition to Iraqi sovereignty.
It's regrettable that this president is never going to admit any shortcomings much less failure.
That's an aspect of Mr. Bush's character that we have to live with.
But we cannot live with a serious plan for doing more than just getting through the June 30th transition.
But third man!
And then mothering along until the November elections in the United States.
Mr. Bush has yet to come up with a realistic way to internationalize the military operation
and to get Iraq's political groups beyond their current game of jockeying per power
into a real process of drafting a workable constitution.
The draft of the UN resolution that circulated yesterday was disappointingly sketchy on these points.
It contains the phrases of international support like references to a multinational military force
without committing the security council to do anything in particular.
The draft endorses a continued American led military presence at Iraq for at least a year beyond June 30th.
But third man!
But it does not ensure expanded international participation.
The resolution envisions that after the UN names the interim government leaders
it will proceed cautiously and only when it deems it's safe to do so.
These, there are ways Mr. Bush can achieve a clean break that is so essential.
A good start, first put forward by the Center for American Progress in Washington,
is to go much further in internationalizing the next phase of the Iraq operation.
Mr. Bush could convene a summit meeting to create an international group to oversee the transition.
The UN Security Council could step up its participation by putting an international high representative
who would actively supervise the interim Iraqi government to the first round of elections.
Senator John Kerry, the presumptive democratic nominee,
has proposed restructuring the military force in Iraq under NATO with an American commander.
Mr. Bush should pursue that at the NATO summit meeting next month.
The president still has a number of speeches left to deliver before June 30th.
But third man!
We hope he will use them to come up with a more specific plan to stop listing the things we already
no needed to be done and to explain to us how he intends to do them.
And acknowledgement of past mistakes would be nice.
But obviously don't hold your breath.
No, we don't make no mistakes, okay?
We don't screw up, we don't make no mistakes, etc.
Just you liberal counties say that.
That's it, it's called a right-wing hard-ass is what it's called.
They don't make mistakes.
What bothers you most about George W. Bush,
pullquestnetaioneararchives.com?
590 votes, staggering. How many people are in town right now?
About third man!
That's it, which is amazing.
Now there were 41,000 people, almost at the Marlins Diamond Vast Game on Sunday.
How's that possible, Josh?
Well, you know, it was a major event.
It was.
I know, it's another hype job.
You know, Randy Johnson, Dundin, Phill Willison,
you know, Randy Johnson just got through a picture of the perfect game at the age of 75.
And it was a big deal, you know.
But that's a big deal.
That's a big deal.
Were there giveaways?
Yeah, you got to give away something, you know, to get the people out of it.
Well, why did they give away?
Am I Gail Cabrera, Jersey?
Oh no.
You've got to be kidding me.
So that's why they hit 41,000.
I would.
Were they given anything away yesterday?
No.
No.
No, 10,000 in the abox were, which means maybe 6, 7,000 people in the stands.
They were all happy, though, they all got free donuts.
Oh, they did get free donuts too.
And they still, they should have not said more.
Probably gotten 15, 20,000.
What bothers you most about George W.
He's just a, and by the way, Josh,
is Eric contacted you yet about those bedtime stories.
You know, the idea that you're paying for that DSL
and we're not making you any money on that thing,
you doing some work is pretty disturbing to me, Eric.
He's just a face man for neo-conn extreme is 164.
He's a moron, 150.
He's a dangerous religious fanatic 127.
Nothing is a great leader 75, 12.7%.
He's a crook.
He stole the 2000 election, which is obvious 56, 9.4%.
And he's divisive and hate-mongering 18.
Out of almost 600 votes.
5.95.
Watch out on 5.95.
He's bringing a saving, speaking of driving.
Len saved like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong,
Toyota, home to his fat boy back from Buffalo.
I haven't seen him.
Well, when in downtown grab him and tell him he's another one right there.
Grab, grab well as much of a busy can.
Grab the walker watching plop on the floor.
Let us see that.
You'll find him on US 120 minutes south of the 836.
That's Armstrong, Toyota, home to his fat boy.
And it's worth the drive there to save yourself thousands on great new Toyota's.
The great least deals that are waiting for you right now include an 04 camera
or a 4 runner.
You pay just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an 04 highlander just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an 04 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the US of A?
Just 179 a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now.
Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
In fact, their service departments even open late to late.
We've nice to make sure they get all your stuff done for you.
Easy to find them.
They're right in the corner of US 1 and 2.93th street in homestead.
Just 20 minutes south of the 836.
And right now they're making you an offer.
You have to be crazy to refuse.
Armstrong Toyota of homestead offers you free tires,
free batteries and replacement parts for life.
You're a vehicle.
That's right.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else.
No wearers do that.
So don't waste your time at those mega dealers who have the big screaming car commercials.
Job up and down, hop and make a lot of noise and then get you one of their
dealerships under phony pretense.
Call our friend David Rich, the GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead for a real
fordeal, unbelievable deal.
Call 305-242-3247-305-242-2247.
Drive a little and save thousands on that great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
This is 205-242-2AM.
Error.
It beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQ Air.
Well I've never thought I'd find the gun a ride that I've been tuned to the round days today.
Now as a classic set of wheels,
fixed up the way your brother would like to.
Now with the key to trying and the trim is cold and it dies to the mercy.
I got the candle liquid cherry.
Oh baby.
Oh criminal, not a cherry cherry.
You need baby boots.
Oh baby.
Shiny little little little smelly.
You need to feel some tension.
Now so I bounced down the road in a bit.
That is super bad way.
Now with the hotest stuff,
the big wheels of the elevator,
random beats and the brakes.
I 1979,
found both Catalina.
She's so looking bad now.
It's my baby Cadillac.
Oh baby.
Oh criminal, not a cherry cherry.
You need baby boots.
Oh baby.
Shiny little little smelly.
You need to feel some tension.
You need to feel some tension.
Oh yeah.
I grabbed a window and was按ed out on the day
because the trees don't know.
What no way?
Sweating fresh with all seeds, thoughts to smell,
It gets the dusty look and over time.
I'm a back-to-new find, the shiny ground is melaglide.
Thanks my coffee, Johnny, to be resounding,
Washington went all the wrong.
Don't worry baby, over the cold, hot and cherry-y,
Give me a few, uh, baby.
Michael Schoffick, who's going over speed bumps in to school.
Don't worry baby, fresh with all the interior,
You'll be bested to be baking this,
Don't worry baby, baby.
Tony, early reporting on Muff's exam today
has a yearly, total body exam from top of the head to the bottom of the feet.
Yeah.
Dr. Wyshak, because his smell like lologues,
just like in the bit we got.
Yeah, kind of strange you got alone guys.
204 at 560 WQAM Vermont.
You're going to love this story.
You're going to love it and hate it.
All right.
Vermont put on list of most endangered places.
A preservation group put Vermont on list of America's most
endangered places.
Yes, warning that this New England state's small town
charm is threatened by Walmart.
There you go.
How do you know that psychic?
Did you see the story?
No, they're threatening every place that's nice.
Oh, brother.
Vermont is the only state ever to make the national trust for historic
preservation's annual list in its entirety.
The state has got four Walmart's all small by Walmart standards.
And Vermont preservation is say the company is planning to enlarge
two of them and open five new ones.
Oh my God.
Walmart said it has firm plans only for one new store in St.
Albans.
Trust President Richard Moe.
That's his name.
Moe Moe.
Absolutely.
Oh my God.
You Moe.
Trust President Richard Moe said Vermont's special magic would
vanish with the arrival of the giant stores.
Vermont is a uniquely state of small town.
Many of these downtowns have been decimated by this Moe said.
A lot of small businesses just appear in the face of a huge Walmart.
It's like a big gigantic serpent, man.
Reaching out with its tentacles and testicles and crushing
everything in its path.
Walmart, the evil doers, man.
Mia Mastin.
You a Walmart community affairs manager for the Eastern region.
Suggestions such fears are being over dramatized.
The company's plans are for five remodels with more jobs and
convenient shopping.
She said it sounds as if we're trying to go and push our way in
Mastin said, but we're asking for and getting local input.
We want a project that everyone likes at the end of the day.
Right.
And if that is enough to really scare the crap out of you.
As far as the Walmart haters are concerned, Walmart wants
stores throughout Europe.
Oh my God.
Walmart wants stores in every country in Europe and will consider
opening its own outlets as well as making large acquisitions
according to the retail giants chief executive.
What I tell you, they're like a like a disease engulfing the
globe.
During his first trip to Brussels, Lee Scott said, Walmart would
consider expanding in Europe via Asda.
They British supermarket chain have bought for six point seven
million pounds almost five years ago.
Mr. Scott refused to be drawn on countries Walmart might enter
or companies might buy, but said he couldn't think of any
country in Europe that we wouldn't want to be in over a
long course of time.
We had it if you get an attractive deal in Europe at some
point that would be an offer.
I can't I can't see Walmart in the Holland.
They have ways.
No, I can't even imagine Walmart in Amsterdam.
It's just this so incomprehensible to me just to
ain't their kind of store.
Unless they sold fries with the mayonnaise.
It's a significant shift in emphasis for the world's largest
retailer, which many analysts have accused of a have
harder to approach to international expansion.
Walmart's European expansion has been limited to the Asda
deal and it's 1997 acquisition and two smaller retails in
Germany where it has yet to make a profit.
Mr. Scott was speaking before a series of meetings and
Brussels with the European Commission officials including
Mary O'Monty, the competitive the competition commissioner,
the competition commissioner and David Burr and consumer
first commissioner.
The group has endured a wave of bad publicity in its home
market about how its vast stores affect local communities.
Mr. Scott said the trip was part of a charm offensive.
And the charm offensive in the way
of the bad publicity Walmart recently failed the
efforts to build a store in California after losing a local
ballot and it's seen a series of label great labor
grievances become public because people with a brain hate
Walmart like poison they wish that they would croak.
Yeah, what they do, right?
Right.
Why talk about evil doers, man?
There ain't nothing more evil than Walmart.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
They want to interspers.
I mean, these people better get used to it.
And when I'm going to spur some of your really great
calls here with all this other good stuff we're doing.
And our spurs and by the way,
it got called before I find out during the break was
cashier and was boyfriend.
The one we had a dump.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
We know pop copies everything I do.
Everybody Q a and hello.
Uncle male.
Yes, sir.
After that.
Good afternoon, sir.
It's a pain to me, but one, you know,
F Walmart when I pay 10 to 20 dollars more just to go to
another store for something that it pains me in the wall.
But I mean, I just can't stand them.
Yeah.
You know, they didn't even take the time to get W to
pronounce the prison name.
Did you hear any of that last night?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Don't be picking on our illiterate present.
OK, you got a lot of nerves, sir.
And I'll go to believe later.
Come on.
Get with it.
Did we hear any of that last night?
Huh?
Did you get it?
No, it missed it.
Oh, we're getting it.
I'll go.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
It is, it would be scary if it weren't for those big pay
checks, you know, of course, in your case and a Josh's case.
Well, you don't care.
It's worried about the hanging on.
Well, of course, they've got a long way to go.
We got 118 games.
There was something like that in the baseball season.
So he's OK for a while.
As long as he smiles at the day van boring and pretend,
oh, you're a great day.
If you're really a great broadcaster,
you're sensational broadcaster.
I don't think you're exciting.
I don't think you're exciting.
What is it?
I don't think he has a talk to him a lot.
Do you have like a lot of verbal intercourse with the
Mr. Van Boring or not?
Just in between the innings.
And he says, nothing.
Oh boy.
So sad.
We like to vote for a lot though.
Vote should be doing the whole game.
We don't need no day van boring.
Got an exciting team, a world champion team, and they got this
loser around there.
This guy that did the games on the internet in Montreal,
of course, but they didn't even know what a baseball is.
They wouldn't know a baseball from a cum-quat those frogs.
What bothers you most about George's W. Bush and
giving a close eye on this.
643 votes.
Aren't you keeping an eye on it?
Both of them.
The military strategy.
That's coming up next.
Good.
Thanks, Wolf.
You idiot.
You Nazi bastards.
He's from Buffalo, by the way.
What's blue screen?
Don't trust him.
What bothers you most about Bush?
He's just a face man for neoconics stream.
It's 177.
He's a moron.
163.
What an insult to every moron on a planet that is.
And what he does pronounce the word right, he like,
he a nation.
We're a very, uh, something or other.
I mean, every word comes out like a bozo,
like a simpleton would, like he's trying to articulate,
to enunciate, to speak a word,
and that sounds like a ful, like a, like a dumb-bo.
He's a moron 163.
He's dangerous religious fanatic, 137.
Nothing.
Nothing wrong bothers them.
He's a great leader.
82.
12.7%.
God help us.
God.
God.
He's a crook.
He stole the 2000 election, 63.
He's divisive at Hemman, green 21.
Molly Ivens writes, how fascism starts.
I better do the break though.
Nothing I hate is when I start getting a one-re-sporting
bedtime, so you're not going to have to, like,
you know, it's a retus interruptus.
I hate that.
And it hurts too.
And while he eludes, he eludes the momentum.
He eludes the moe.
Absolutely.
The momentum is what you do.
All the meaning of it.
For those four people out there who really care about my
reading these stories, the rest of them, they just
like to hear it in the sound of my voice on it,
including the ones who pretend to hate me like poison.
They just want to hear my voice on it.
Listen to me.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
Retire, retire, retire.
Isn't that what you do with good year?
Yeah.
Haitian tyrant hell in there.
Take your vehicle and retire.
I'm going to get like bald and mourn down.
Kind of like Moe's head.
Absolutely.
Maybe Moe ought to go to good year and retire.
That bald spot.
Put something on it, please.
People are talking.
And Gellie, of course, taking a real shot at him this morning.
And I noticed a little bit of that hostility
seeping out of those comments right there
at the very ass end of the Gellie for a Joe Rose show about La
La, you know, and it's not your show Gellie.
OK, so Moe had every right to bitch in Moe
because he knows what a backstabber you are.
And the fact you've turned on him like a rat course,
we know why you turned on him like a rat.
In fact, how the hell do you put up with it that long?
That's the, that's the question around the building.
How did Gellie put up with him that long?
It's called survival.
He's got a wife and two kids now.
Right.
How can a punk like him afford to be having two kids?
I wonder what his kids voices are going to.
What do you think they're going to sound like?
No, that's bad.
Don't be picking up Gellie just because you got a squeaky voice.
That sounds like a silly little girl.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you right now, people are fat.
Do I have to tell you that?
People who are all fat, we're just oozing with fat.
I'm going to see even Josh is starting to pork up a little bit.
You notice that?
What's Josh?
This one here?
That one's right there.
I don't know.
Little bit.
Yeah, but what?
Huh?
Yeah, he's the neat.
And he's up there eating an oppressed box,
so probably eating up all day van boring's food.
Anyway, if you're on the adkin sugar mustard,
south beach or any low carb sugar free diet,
desperate to lose that fat and stay alive,
head for a great store called the Liza West Boca,
the number one low carb store in America.
This is for you.
Many of the new reduced car products on store shelves
are geared to are cutting back on carbs a little bit,
not a losing weight.
Well, what kind of a bunch of communist crap is that?
The Liza West Boca's expertise continues
to be always has been on the weight loss
face of low carb dieting.
And Delights you'll find well over a thousand great
tasting products with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs
that can really help in a successful low carb weight loss
plan.
Have some taste and lose that weight.
There's spring sales in full swing right now.
So stop on by.
There's step-nose dieting from top to bottom.
From now they know you from top to bottom
to the open every day, seven days a week, from 10 till 10.
Delights West Boca, you'll find them on the northeast corner
of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market
or column toll free at 1-877 low carb
LOW-C-A-R-B or on web at slowcarb.com.
Delights West Boca, there are a lot of stores with similar
names, but there's only one.
It's your official Atkins retail center.
Fly high and local.
Here's sports video 560, you a U-A-M.
I have no money.
From 18 to 560 WQM, what are they trying to say?
I have no money.
I heard that.
Boston Globes got a great story here.
Tim Russell, one of the most boring people, one of the most
pasty Irishmen who ever stepped on the face to this.
Also from Buffalo, by the way, we've ever noticed one thing
Buffalo people have in common.
I do see the trend.
Amazingly boring.
I mean, really, coma inducing.
I mean, Woody Gray, where he's a good guy, boring.
Every time he plays the show.
Hey, Woody Gray.
No, you like him because he gets your free tickets.
I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but he's a boring.
Lincoln Park coming up.
I mean, fat boy, Jeff Hyde, boring.
I mean, when the most important thing you can say in your life
is, that's all you got.
And you don't do anything about writing copy for your clients,
which he's writing something they're all in bed together,
which he must be taken up by hell of a lot of space.
But the whole sales department's in bed together.
You notice when I was there, and I said to Skippy,
what name you want to count you sold on my show
since you came here besides the ones you inherited
and are sucking the commission from.
Name me one account you sold on the show.
And he like, he's like, yeah, high tailed
right off the door.
Man, oh man.
Am I right?
You saw it.
It was funny.
It was pathetic.
It was a trend.
He epitomizes the guy.
It's one of the great mysteries of all time
that this station makes the money that we do, especially
on this show, because our sales department is just useless.
And I do intend to continue ripping them
and ask because it's deservedly so.
They are just pathetic.
If they didn't have the numbers to sell that we generate here,
they couldn't sell halavada or Therox Jews.
Anyway, in a Boston globe, here's
a picture of a bunch of college graduates snoozing.
This is great.
I'm going to put it on the website for tomorrow.
No more today, Eric.
I know you're under a lot of stress.
Of course, if you'd like Josh, take care of that.
You would have to be a bitching about it all the time.
Oh, well, you know, there's another one.
Another martyr in waiting.
Whoa, G29 stories.
Whoa, well, you wouldn't have to do any of them.
If you'd like Josh, Josh is perfectly capable of doing it.
He's got plenty of time in between and around
those Marlon games are getting late.
He's got plenty of time.
What else is he going to do, right?
That's about an eat.
Eating like crazy.
Rossert, I beg your pardon.
Is that like another, you got another customer now?
Is that like trying to tell me?
Leave the mic open.
Rossert BC speech stresses values.
It shows a picture of these grad students who are in a coma.
Meet the press anchor addresses graduates.
In a speech emphasizing Catholic values,
meet the press anchor Tim Rossert told the Boston College
class 2004 yesterday that they're just,
this picture you've got to see it,
that their Jesuit education is a special gift
and also called for measures to prevent
curge abusive children.
Rossert who's son Luke, you see what this is gone?
Yeah, Luke will enter Boston College in the fall,
praise the university for addressing the abuse scandal
directly in a series of lectures, seminars and classes.
Rossert to describe himself as a respectful servant
in the laity of the church also said,
the key to a meaningful life is understanding
what is God's work here on earth?
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
And it goes on and it shows the kids are snoozing
and snoozing and snoozing and snoozing and passing out.
It's a beautiful thing to watch.
But in the meantime, Tim Rossert is coma inducing.
He's just pathetic.
Why don't anybody want him?
And not only that, but he's making a round
with this stupid book that he wrote.
Oh, it's number one on New York Times
with Big Deal about his father, Russ.
What is it called, Russ and the old Russ,
or young Russ and the old Ron and the young Paul?
I don't know what else called about his father.
If I haven't seen him on every thinking show,
tell about his father nearly died in the war
and he had a horrible accident and Yadi, Yadi.
And he was in the hospital six months
and how he learned all his values about life from his father.
That one that's nice, it's a nice heart and flour store.
Story saving once a year on Father's Day
and the rest of the time, get out of our face with it, okay?
Go ask him tough questions, you simple, then.
I wonder where Colin Powell was hiding behind the palm tree.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm fight, he is really annoying.
We do those things about annoying people on TV.
To me, he's one of the worst.
He is such a nebush, he's such a, you know,
and he always looks like he's gonna jump out of his suit.
He's always got that real nervous, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
How many years have he been doing it?
About third man.
By now, he'd have like a little self-confidence or something.
He's always like, you know, ringing his hands
and like looks like he's got ants in his pen.
Maybe he does.
But maybe he does.
Catholic.
He's got the old St. Fighters dancing his pants.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
Oh, what a shame, man.
I know that was gonna be the one really brilliant call today.
They probably had something to say about my team
and coming back and Jacques Martin.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The name of the book, Russia's book.
Yeah, huh?
5670560.
Pound, what's been a couple of days since we heard from him,
hasn't it?
At least, what?
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
How sad.
How sad you people are today.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, Pally.
Change the subject of the book.
Do you happen to catch that terrible TV show
that Black Swan last night, Pile?
I did not.
No.
Hey, I got it.
My girlfriend made me watch that for a little while yesterday.
They completely changed the way these horrible women look.
In fact, actually, some pretty decent looking women,
I was pretty shocked.
Yeah.
Well, what time was that on?
I mean, I don't know.
I was just my girlfriend and he stood down
watching, not even sure what channel was on.
What time was on?
Well, I'm glad you had a good time.
567 was kind of like the Francisco Arruco show.
It was really something, but he didn't know what time it was.
I don't know.
I was going to say, well, at least,
to be watching Bush, mangle all those words, but nevertheless.
Boy, you talk about desperate.
What are these people really desperate to say?
I have no life.
Holy crap, man.
I had a great week there last week.
I mean, you saw I left on a really high note, right?
And I'm not talking about Jeff, I either.
But that was enough.
That was plenty.
I want to push my luck.
567, 0560, 0560 on it.
Have we had a woman called today?
No.
This week?
No.
No.
In fact, when the book came out, I
totally didn't have any.
Women always like a 0.8 or something like that.
What's the point?
There are two busy watching Ricky Lake and the Jerry Springer.
They're getting a real good education.
They're watching Christina, all of that crap, you know,
fueling females on Jerry today.
Yeah, there you go.
Just, I mean, how many, you know, to me,
he is one of the most unbelievable geniuses in the history
of the human race because he basically takes the same thing
and does it every single day, every day.
Even with us, at least we got different bedtime stories.
If that's the only thing or different comedy,
but he does the same thing every single day.
I'll not see he has different trailer trash.
Well, I know, but I'm saying I mean, it's exactly the same
act every single day in the phonial.
They're angry and they come out and they're going to be like,
are you no good?
And we got all the other.
And she's not problem with that.
Yeah, we better not put that on too long, man.
So hard to find me.
Yeah, that's tough.
WQAM, hello.
I want to ask that QAM.
Hello.
Yes?
Neil, my gosh.
Speak with us.
I'd like to say congratulations to George.
You had a poll where, you know, what we hate about South Florida.
George was nominated.
I don't know.
That's quite an accomplishment.
Well, that's probably because you didn't call that day.
He was just about to get to it.
I just, oh, I think he just.
I don't know.
Because I got to do the break.
OK, our business is a hell of a lot more important than some
pose that I want to do.
I don't want to hear Jerry Springer again.
I don't want to start playing Boots Boss.
I don't want to hear Jerry Springer.
I don't want to know him.
I don't want to smell him.
I want another do with that.
The trash.
OK, he's the Ricky Lake put Lindy England on there.
If you want to put some trailer trash on,
at least he's got a story to tell.
OK, beside the same trail.
You better start watching passions,
but it's going to change your whole altitude about life.
You better start taking a peek at Teresa.
And then you'll understand how lucky you are not to be married
to that bitch to be married to a different.
I mean, 26 past noon at five 60 WQI am done to a different girl.
That's right.
Anyway, if your carpets look like hell on a hand basket,
here's the answer for you.
And not just your carpeting, but your area rugs,
your expensive oriental rugs, your drapery, your furniture,
your poultry, all of these things.
Then the answer is one simple call to our good friends at Drive Concepts.
Drive Concepts is the best in the universe.
Now, you can open up the yellow pages,
find a Zidian carpark cleaning companies.
Don't trust them.
You can go to the supermarket and slap home that heavy equipment
and smear a mess all over your floor.
Forget about that.
Because I've been using Drive Concepts for over 20 years
and several different homes.
And I would never dream of using anybody else.
Why bother?
They give you a written guaranteed price up front,
which is always a fair price.
They go right to work.
They roll up their sleeves or not.
And then they dry clean your carpets.
Same idea is Drive Clean your clothing,
which sucks out even the deep down dirt in your carpets,
which leaves in Malok and brand new.
Fiber and color swap to the touch day smell,
let me refresh.
And they're dry in one to two hours.
So you really can clean today and still entertain tonight.
In fact, you can have it orgy right on the floor.
Call the day and see how you can save an extra 15%
of the next carpet cleaning.
If you have them, put you understand,
buy list at Drive Concepts too.
Be sure and tell them that old Neil Purdier call for a stupendous job
at a guaranteed stupendous price.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Or check them out on the worldwide web at Drive Concepts.com.
My, my, and local.
This is Fort Real 560.
You ain't no way, yeah.
Brandy.
What?
Hello, Brandy.
What?
Are you laughing to me?
No.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood
celebrity music biography profile story,
we take a good, hard, stiff look into stardom.
Their hit song is synonymous with the 80s and synonymous with crap.
They were...
Kaja-Google.
What interesting is that in America,
you say Kaja-Google, but in England, we're called Kaja-Google.
This minor difference in pronunciation was the only interesting thing about the band
that lead singer Le Mans could ever find.
As you'll see tonight, in a 1983 interview,
conducted by British pop writer Ian looked down my nose at you.
You know what else is really interesting about us Ian?
What?
Ah.
Well...
Oh God.
We sat down, we...
We're utter dross.
Yes.
Come on, tell me the truth.
Don't spare me feelings.
Or is that you suck?
I'm second fuck.
Could you spare me feelings?
Le Mans' real name was Chris Hamel,
but he had a change to Le Mans.
After a second told him where his music would one day take him.
To the mall, to the record stores, and eventually, the $2.99 bin, 99 cents for the cassette.
That's not really true, but it wasn't where they asked him how he came up with a f***ed up name like Le Mans.
It's a big, juicy, stopping wet-looking show business tonight on Inside the Behind.
I have no fear, I checked for an excellent bleep there and it was.
Before I played.
No, I listened to the whole thing before.
I got to listen to a lot of these before I play them.
We got to a little point in the ass by the way.
What is it?
We were getting twitchy over here.
Why?
Just because.
You mean like Tim Rosert?
Something like that.
Man, he just grates my ass.
1231 at 560 W.M.
Molly Ivens writes, how fascism starts.
It's pretty easy to get to the point where you don't want to hear any more about
Abu Ghraib Prison and what went on there, but there's some really good reasons
why Americans should take a look at why this happened.
I suspect that a vision here is not between liberals and conservatives,
except for a few inane comments made by some trying to be flippant,
but between those who are following the story closely and those who are not.
I especially recommend both Sy Herschens-Fallowal piece on the Kuhn issue of the New Yorker
and the investigative piece in the Kuhn issue of Newsweek.
What seems to be more important than the O. Ugg factor is just how easy it is for
standards of law and behavior to slip into bestiality.
The problems go all the way back to the administration to be fused with
who will buy by the Geneva Conventions.
President Bush, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld,
and Attorney General John Ascroft signed off on a secret system of detention and
interrogation that opened the door to such methods.
It was an approach that they adopted in order to sidestep the historical safeguards
of the Geneva Convention, which protected rights of the Tainese and prisoners of war
according to Newsweek.
Secretary of State Roland Kuhl and Powell in the military's lawyers objected.
He may recall the military's objections broadcast as usual by retired officers
were on the excellent grounds that if we didn't observe the Geneva Conventions
neither would our enemies the very reason that they were signed in the first place.
The Pentagon still insists that suspected al-Qaeda followers have no rights under Geneva 3
as they are enemy combatants rather than POWs.
Geneva 3 also has procedures for what to do with the status of a detainee as in full doubt
full Geneva rights apply until a competent tribunal decides.
We've been holding 595 prisoners at Guantanamo for two and a half years,
not counting those we've already let go in conditions in violation of Geneva.
Only now we're a few of these prisoners being assigned lawyers and lawyers are raising
hell about the whole process.
The legal rationale came from the White House Council Alberto Gonzalez, including the line,
in my judgment, this new paradigm renders obsolete Geneva strict limitations on questioning
of enemy prisoners and renders quaint some of its provisions.
According to Newsweek, Bush first signed a secret order granting new power to the CIA,
directive authorizing it to set up secret detention facilities outside the U.S.
and to question those held in them with unprecedented harshness.
The agency also sluts suspected terrorists off to other countries known to practice torture.
An addition to the fact that torture is morally repulsive, it also doesn't work.
Of course, you can torture information out of people when you can't do with torture
accurate information out of people who don't have it. The Defense Department jags were so
concerned they finally went to New York lawyer who specializes in international human rights law
and told them there's a calculated effort to create an atmosphere of legal ambiguity about
how Geneva should be applied and they also said. These military lawyers named the
Assistant Secretary Douglas Faith and the Pentagon's General Counsel William Haines
since dominated for an appeals court judge, shipped by Bush. Meanwhile, Gidmo had been taken over
by Major General Jeffrey Miller under whose loving care, the 72-point matrix for stress and
duress was developed, laying out as ugly as set of rules for of course its torture,
stupid as anyone could dream up. You may recall Rumsfeld testifying before Congress that Miller had
been said to inspect of a grave in September 2003, is though that had been some step toward
responsible oversight. In fact, Miller told the general then running the prison the place should
be turned over to military intelligence. Normally something like Abel Grape can be blamed in part
and on the downward communication exaggeration spiral which afflicts most organizations. Someone
at the top makes a mild suggestion and by the time it reaches the troops that are in clad law,
this appears to be a rare case of reverse spiral where the order is coming from the very top
and questions being raised about them all the way down until finally Army Specialist Joseph
Derby spoke out and set off the Google investigation. In this case there's more than sufficient evidence
pointing to the culpability of those at the top but at the same time the Pentagon is putting
out the word there was only a few bad apples six low-level soldiers who already have been charged
with no one else involved. This just stinks of cover-up. Damned if I think these six low-level
soldiers should be hung out there to take the blame for a set of explicitly written and signed
policies made by people wearing expensive suits getting paid big bucks and bearing some of the
highest titles in the land. You can read all the documents and memos for yourself, it's important
to know how fascism starts. Molly Ivin's here column today. You go to the US Weedhart, she's great.
Anybody here? No. Oh, I never last had killed a couple of men's anyway, nobody cares.
See that's the point. Do you think that there's anybody? For example on our website,
I think we'll do that pull them off. What percentage of the people who go to our website besides
looking at the nude picture like a Lara Flynn, a boy who's under today and whoever else might
be under behind the big curtain and maybe Pat Boons in the box. I'll then look at the cartoons
in the funny pictures. How many people actually you think read the bedtime story?
About 30 minutes. We had the si-hurst, the article from the New Yorker. We had the whole thing
on there a few days ago. You think anybody read it? No. No. What do you think? No. Nobody?
Well, maybe five people. Does that make it worthwhile? I don't know. Well, no, you're going to say no
because then it's going to save you the effort. Whatever. Anytime you've got to do it, anytime you've
got to sit there and like pour over 85 million newspapers and websites coming up with a handful of
stories that Eric might feel being the mood to put on there. Still, if you're doing a show,
it's good to know those things. So it's not a big deal. Okay. Well, that's good. See,
that's a good attitude to have. All you kids out there listening. That's a really good attitude to have.
Even though nobody cares. Even Wolfless Green, he's the new arm. I beg your pardon? Huh?
What bothers you the most about President George W. Bush? That's our poll question today. We have
735 vote. He's a moron, 196. He's just a face man for neoconics stream is 194. But that's a
badlater neck and neck knows to know is not that it really makes a difference. He's a dangerous,
religious, fanatic, 150 votes, 150. How about all of these things? Nothing. He's a great leader, 95,
12.9% of the neo-Raj's audience thinks George W. Bush is a great leader. He's doing it, baby.
He's a crook. He stole the 2000 election 72 and he's divisive at hate,
mockery, 29, 742 votes. And as far as these polls are concerned, let me just say this,
yeah, I was thinking about this a couple weeks ago. Yeah. If we wouldn't have had these polls on the
show and I really can't remember when I always started big time on this. But if we wouldn't have
had this, what will we be doing here every day? Yeah, for four hours every day. Am I right? Yeah,
is there any doubt about it? Absolutely not. WQAM, hello. Say there's even a dial tone is better
than most of the calls we get. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. I'm a night shift worker and I would like
for you to give me the number of that high jerk against, I could call him at about 3 30 am this
morning and see what he's doing. Night, fire. Yes, sir. 430. 3827. What's the guy's name? Ron.
I'm coming to get you about 3 30. Be up when I call you. All right. Hi. Hi. Oh, he'll still say hi.
He's got a three-in-a-one. The reason that we are especially vicious and over the top and all
of these things in this case is because we already went through this deal once before and the people
in charge of this mental defect have already know that we don't want to call from him. We don't
want to be involved. We don't want to use his pro-zac and all of these things. We've already been
through this once before. But evidently, whoever is in charge of this thing, this creature,
don't seem to get it. And of course, you know that broad they called a few days ago. Yeah,
that she's in it up to her armpits. She's just a roommate at the shelter, I'm sure.
She's maybe a bunkmate, okay? Oh, what a thought that is, huh? Maybe she's a fellow
pill popper. Maybe Russia has their numbers, probably. Maybe they all shop at Wilmos house together.
I don't know. But anyway, that's the background. Hi, hi. I'm Ron and we want him to go away soon and
also take that bitch with you whoever she is. 20 to 1 is 560 WQA. I want to tell you about a great
place. In fact, I'm glad that Josh is back, but see him. See, we don't really need him because we
always got just in case on his days off. Like yesterday we had, see him. It sounds just like you.
You never know the difference. In fact, maybe we can do it in stereo today.
Lobster Fest is back at the Emelco's Chinese buffet. What a place this is, man. It's not just a
place where they have a few items sitting around somewhere, getting soggy. Everything is fresh and
delicious. They don't use any MSG. No corn starts, no crap. They cook everything only with
cluster oil for your oils. They got six different kinds of soups. They've got a sizzling Asian
grill featuring New York strip made the way you like it. Brand new Hunan fish made lobster
thermidor style, Jonah crab oysters on a half shell. They've got hand carb prime rib.
Their new Thai specialties are out of this world. And also don't forget they've got a full
Chinese food line up too. The brand new sushi bar fresh sea. Sea. Sea. Cocktail.
And because you deserve it, if you have any room left after all of these things, they've
got a great dessert station too featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, sea. Pastries, ice cream
with all your favorite toppings and fresh food. In fact, there's nothing like ice cream with sea.
On top two, Emelco's three locations for you. They're in Pemberg Pines, sunny hours and sunrise too.
So take the whole family book your next business, lots of whatever you like and let the folks
at Emelco's cook up a gigantic fresh delicious feast for you. Take out of the available two.
They're voted number one by Zagat restaurant reviews and WSV and news is self-load as best Asian
buffet in you'll agree. Call 954-572-3822 for information and reservations. That's 954-572-3822 for the
unbeatable Emelco's Chinese buffet.
Go ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority
Neil God. This is a session with Hockey.
From the TV network completely out of original ideas and good taste, it's the most hilarious
military sitcom ever updated for our modern ultra violent times. It's prisoner vile,
USMC. Surprise surprise surprise.
FILE! Water all these naked prisoners doing the barracks.
Real Swarget Roomsdale. We were just trying to connect the place by second in my rackies
in a big old path. Who's we? Me and private pointer. She's a one point to their private.
Say should I um? FILE! Why are you taking pictures, you idiot? Go all the stuff in
about looking at pictures of the big old pile of naked man. It just gives me a bone head prisoner
file, USMC. Right after the 100,000 Abdulah pyramid tonight on TVland. It gave him a what?
It's 1245 at 560 WQM Jim Mandage and two of the old mad dog, the ancient Humperage 4 this afternoon.
And then we got Marlins on Deck 635 from the stadium. Marlins at, not from, yeah from some stadium,
not ours. Right? It's from a stadium like Riverfront. Right.
Can I still play in a Riverfront? What? Riverfront stadium in Cincinnati. Are they in a new stadium?
No, great American ballpark. You know it's really getting obnoxious to me because every like 20 or
uh 30 years now every team has to have a new guy to see a new ballpark. Okay well you know what I'm
obnoxious. This is so pathetic, so child is so juvenile that we can't say crap anymore.
But we can say. Obu-gar rape. Well some of us can. Oh you got that excellent. Thank you,
Eris. Do it again. Obu-gar rape. Oh no. That is hysterical. One more time for the West Coast.
Obu-gar rape. And look at that. Just after you've played that he's a moron. Went to the top
on our pool against pulling away now. That's what I voted for. As if they had any doubts. Wow.
You're a literate president. But I still say though he's a pretty good fit for a good part of
America man. People are, we're looking at just an awful lot of running around on the loose.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We got the Marlins at the
Reds regardless of what ballpark they're playing in pregame 6 35 game time 7 10 the plunge in
of maniac himself, Eddie K after the baseball game. And overnight we basically sign off.
Maybe that's what most problem is. What do you think? Absolutely. No more lead in when's Joe
Castello coming on here. Huh? I sure rather here. Mo and Joe then Mo and Mo any day of the week. Come
on. Let's get with it you guys. Of course that my customer. A few extra bucks. I mean the big
old like I said I keep saying it because it's true. He's a good guy but boy he is just horrendous.
Screw some on the year and then Friday and drive to the track. And who do I hear? I already
mentioned this yesterday. Oh brother. Talk about having to pull off the road and take a breather.
Just rolled on the window and get some fresh air. Take some deep gulps.
I felt like I was at 7 11. I won the old big gulp. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon
wireless line. Do we have a woman call here today yet or what? WQAM hello. Goldie sucks.
Thank you. WQAM hello. Yeah I'm calling about the pole. What about it?
What? Roger. How big your partner? What have I reached? What have I reached?
5 60. I don't know I can't see your hands so I have no idea what you reached. Maybe it's
like a large growth. I don't know. 5 60 WQAM that's us. The award winning world famous
Neil Roger Shore. Are you calling our shore? Are you calling a wrong number? I think I'm calling
a wrong number but it's great to talk to you. You're not calling a wrong number. Yes I am.
No you're not. You started out the call by saying by saying something. What are you talking about?
I have no right. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 saying what is this man talking about? Do you understand these
people or maybe he just wanted to get some information about some account. Maybe he's
one of our clients and he knows there's wise copy hasn't changed about the pole but then you
answered the phone. I know I know he's calling about the pole and he's got the wrong number.
I mean come on sir. You was coming on. You think I was born like in the last four or five minutes.
Maybe a half an hour ago but in the last four or five minutes or something I've been around
a block a couple of times. That's what I heard. Yeah. He's calling about a boot the pole. We got a
pole for you. Okay. Hop on it. 5 6 7 or see now I wasn't talking right away. You like takes
things that I say and you keep dropping in that stuff all the time because you just can't control
yourself. Okay. Now when he comes back tomorrow we want a full analization. We want to find out
the whole deal. I'll report about his heart about his parts about his liver, his bladder,
his spleen, his gall bladder, his whatever. What is that for sure? Man oh man we want to find out
how that excavation came out. And you notice speaking of people with balls you know those
clearance did not come running in there and saying oh wow wow I'm going to talk to him. I'm
working on it. We got almost we got like 50 minutes to go until that spot supposed to be on
again. There is absolutely positively no excuse not to have an acceptable piece of copy.
It's not rocket science. It's very simple what we need to be done. And here we are again.
Again and there's nowhere else to put it these days. You see this log. There's nowhere else to
stick it. Although Todd and the same for you, Scrooan. Okay. Make sure it gets around. Just pass it
around a little bit. And not even a not even a response. And any of my philosophies if they don't
care then why the hell should we care? I'm not going to get all bent out of shape. If they don't
care about their accounts that much then probably they ought to be running on another station somewhere
where they want to service the account. You can't complain about the service you get from the QM
sales department because there ain't any believe me when I tell you that. In fact anybody else in
a market wants to use that I'll be more happy to give it to you because I'm I'm one of the victims.
We got a lot all of us on the were victims of the sales department. Oh yeah they run a lot of
billing through there is no question about that. Just give us the F and money that's it. But other
than that forget about it. In fact every every time you say I need some coffee for someone so off
that boy. But got about it. Yeah. That's the standard response. Hey Todd Dreck we need some
coffee today. But got about it. Right. Stock answer they got because they can't be bothered with that.
War Religion and National interest by James Goldbrode. Do I have time to do the I do?
President Bush's statement to Bob Woodward that he asked God for advice before starting more
the rack deserves attention to give Bush's war a special context. Unlike most presidents Bush
wears his religion on his sleeve. He has said that God wanted a movie president that only Christians
go to heaven that creationism as well as evolution should be taught to children and that Jesus is
his favorite philosopher. As president Bush set up an office for faith-based initiative that did
not work out. Woodward said Bush told him he did not appeal to his father for advice on a rack
because there's a higher father than I appeal to. Another reason he might have preferred a higher
father is that George H. W. Bush probably would have advised against war. Supported by
AIDS Brent's school crop James Baker and Cole and Powell. Father Bush opposed the occupation of a
rack in 1991. Religion is already a subject in this presidential election not because John Kerry is
a Catholic. Kerry likes John Kennedy in 1960 is attempting to keep religion out of the race telling
time magazine that my religious beliefs are my personal business. Some Catholic bishops taking aim
on politicians who don't follow church counsel on issues like abortion may make it hard for
Kerry to keep religion out but he's trying. Bush has no such reluctance. He long has emphasized
his born-again evangelical Christianity and I will lifted him from a midlife alcoholic crisis
and sent him into politics. Jimmy Carter was our first born-again evangelical president and while
that may have helped him to feature old Ford in 76 it gave him little help against Ronald Reagan
in 80. Whatever Carter's relationship to God his foreign policy was a mess. Even evangelicals
the nation's largest religious category turned against Carter in 80 according to the Harris
poll. Religion normally is not an issue in presidential elections 1928 and 60 are exceptions
because it is rarely seen as a political asset. In a nation of many creeds and denominations
that candidate emphasizing his beliefs risk losing more than he gains. The idea of going to war
because God is on your side is something alien to American history. The founding fathers in
making war against Britain did not appeal to religion. In a new book about them the University
of William & Mary historian David Holmes stresses the lack of religiosity of Franklin Washington
Adams Jefferson Madison Monroe calling them all deist or unitarians. Abraham Lincoln not a religious
man leaves no record having consulted with a higher father when the South opened fire on
Ford Sumpter. America's wars of the past century were fought over national interest not religious
ones. Woodrow Wilson was the son of a Presbyterian minister but German submarines not God got
us into WWI. Bush's war is different from past American wars because it was a war of choice
not necessity. German submarines weren't sinking our ships. Japan had an attack. World communism
was not threatening. Iraq was not a font of terrorism. It was America's first preemptive war ever.
The stronger support for Bush's war came from Tony Blair Britain's most religious leader since Gladstone.
Like Bush Blair Praise he keeps a Bible by his bed and says he will only answer to my maker
for British deaths in Iraq. When David Frost asked if he and Bush prayed together on Iraq
Blair declined to answer. If Blair prays on Iraq he's not being answered. Iraq has become a series of
crumbled beliefs and dashed hopes for the Prime Minister wrote the economist last week. Bush's
likely less circumspect about religion than Blair because Americans are more religious than
the British according to polls. In a recent survey the peer research center noted that 51% of
Americans say they believe in prayer up from 41% in 1987 and that most of the increase comes from
evangelicals. While there always has been a correlation between conservatism and religious
ethnicity, the relationship has grown notably stronger. Evangelicals at 30%
today make up the largest US religious category. Eleven of the 12 most religious states are in
the south and the 10 least religious states are in the northwest. These data suggest evangelical
politicians may not be so cautious about religion. The idea that you risk more than you gain by
mixing religion and politics may change when you can count on a solid evangelical south block
and you're not going to win the North and Far West anyway. The idea of a Godfair and Christian
President taking the nation to war against an Iraqi an evil Iraqi regime helps explain the
nation's initial support for Bush's war. That support was strengthened after we sought to
connect Iraq to the 9-11 attacks a connection we now know was false. Events of the past year however
we should cause all Americans including evangelicals to ask questions America not saw them who say
this become the hated enemy in Iraq preemptive war religiously motivated or not or not is never
just war. War is a matter of national not religious interest. Pretty good article by James Goldberg
and the Chicago sometimes I thought yeah any audience is going but no no like that they're praying
to God they got their hands together right now they're praying for it and they're eye mcgrunched
and maybe if they're lucky they'll get it. 5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
1256 at Q at the GAM. Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs? Let
Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Payroll administration
Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few
of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business make you a lot more money
be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation 1 866 at Oasis that's 1 866
2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of
human resource management outsourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a
powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving all those
operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable
if you like a free evaluation with no consultation. Call them toll free 1 866 at Oasis that's 1 866
286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 5 and local 66560. 3 is all yours. Q and.
Boy it's the 1 to 2 hour.
Q and
I have no life.
101 at 560 WQM.
Here's a pretty good fact from Gary.
Thank you, Gary.
He says, Teniel and George, and Josh, hi guys.
I went to the Beated Critners today.
So the picture of Betty Page, I didn't get a chance to write you a
note.
I'm a long time listener, fast-due, a couple of occasions.
I have an interesting perspective on Betty.
If you think censorship is a hot topic today, you should have seen it nearly, what is it?
You should have seen it nearly five decades ago.
Like many baby boomers I had never heard of Betty Page.
Or within my sister dated and married a guy named Ira Kramer.
Ira's mother is Paula Klaus.
Paula, along with the brother Irving Klaus, ran a small bookstore in New York.
They discovered Betty Page and put her on the mat.
They helped her get a start in modeling, doing photo shoots.
Pictures taken clubs were prevalent.
Many men would pay for the privilege to snap photos of beautiful women like Betty.
Irving Klaus recognized Betty's talents and appeal.
They saw she had a way of playing to the camera.
The long and short of the stories that she did later did short films, some soft core and
bondage pictures.
They used her beauty and sensuality to make her a star.
I'm really busy today, so I can't continue the entire story.
Irving and Paula's husband, I think his name was Jack, were brought before the House
Un-American Affairs Committee headed by Senator S.D.
These key flowers from Tennessee, they were interrogated and threatened with jail for sending
those pictures through the mail.
Paula was instructed to destroy all the materials related to Betty Page in order to keep her
husband from jail.
Thankfully, she did not.
I wish I had more time to vent.
I listened faithfully and like you, I'm constantly concerned that our rights are going
by the wayside.
I may try to call.
We're headed in the wrong direction, down the wrong road, and losing with little rights
we still have.
Wake up America like Neil says.
You get into the boot stomping on the pavement.
Gary, thanks Gary.
How do you like that?
Yeah, there's one Jew that ain't voting for Bush.
I'll tell you that.
There's one.
One.
Oh, but the so-called for Israel and the Popeye says all the right things, yeah.
Wow.
Talk about having a death wish.
Talk about wanting to be turned into a bar of soap.
Talk about being turned into a lampshade.
I mean, what kind of crazy people?
Liquid soap, please.
Want to be slipped down to road to Armageddon by a bunch of born-again fundamentalist
goyem.
I don't get it.
I don't understand it even for a minute.
But of course these are just people rationalizing and most of them tend to be people with a lot
of money who really just want the tax breaks.
They say, so they come up with a smoke screen.
It's tired of all of this other crap to cover up the fact that it's just a selfish thing.
At any rate, how's Todd Dreckton?
We got that copy for this hour.
And you have heard nothing?
Nobody has come in there giving you a message, giving you like a message in a bottle, a whisper,
a tampon or shoulder, anything?
Duff was just in here with a message.
And what's the message?
Duff?
Who are not alone, guys?
No, no, seriously.
He's busy getting a doctorate, okay?
No, he's here.
He just got back and he's good.
Everything came out good.
Well, that's fine.
We don't want to hear about his painful defecation.
We'd rather hear about what Todd Dreckton is doing.
Now that he's in there, he can do something useful, which believe me, he can write it on
his diary when he goes home.
Do something useful, Duff, please, okay?
We've been going through this.
This is my last day, okay?
If it doesn't show up for this next break, then that's it.
Now, I thought it's a big deal.
I thought the audience really cares about it.
Just a real good example of the kind of grotesque crap that goes on at W.J.A.M.
And it's totally unacceptable.
Anyway, here's the poll.
What bothers you most about George W. Bush?
He's a moron, 228.
Where's that drop in?
Don't you have it?
Don't who have it?
Oh, that drop in.
I thought you were talking about that.
I'll move in on more on.
I never went on either.
I had to queue up a duck one.
Sorry.
Sorry for what?
That I lost it.
I forgot what I even put it on.
Oh, brother.
Here we go.
He's a moron, 228.
He's just a face man for neoconic stream as 220.
He's a dangerous religious fanatic, 166.
Nothing. He's a great leader.
105, 12.6%.
You should live so long as the Chinese say.
He's a crook.
He's still the 2000 election 80.
And he's divisive and hate mongering 33.
Out of 832 votes, that's pretty heavy duty, you know what?
We'll take it.
And we will.
And then this time of the year, are you smitten me?
There's nobody in town.
Even I saw that last week.
Every day the drive to work was almost like a walk in the park.
And as the week progressed, it got slimmer and grimmer and not much.
But then they gave away those jerseys at the ballpark on Sunday.
We had 40,000 screaming so-called fans.
Man, who are you?
People kidding, huh?
Are you kidding me?
No.
Can anybody?
No.
Oh, but it's Randy Johnson and Donald Trump.
We'll see.
And they just happen to be giving away that free crap.
All you got to do is all the people that belly it can win.
And they can't afford this.
And they can't afford all the food and the admission and the little gas in the parking.
And if you give something free away, all of a sudden they must have the money to be in the back here.
I remember Phil Rosuto used to do the spots for the money tree.
Well, they must have the money tree grown in the backyard.
And they're just, you know, they're saving it for a future in case times get tough.
But just on those days when there's a free giveaway somewhere,
they rush out there to the money tree and they start picking 5,500 off of that tree.
No problem at all.
Hop in the van, let's all go to the ballpark.
We're going to get some free crap.
WQA and hello.
Police.
5,6,7, 05,60.
Pound 5,60 on the AT&T.
Well, right as well.
I was going to run.
I think you're pardon?
I said the gloves are off now.
Oh, yeah, right.
Yeah, make them stay on.
Well, during one of those hundred calls I just made, he said he gives up.
He wasn't going to call anymore.
Oh, Ron?
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
The gloves are off now.
What does that mean?
That means, uh, now it's, uh, I'm going to be serious about it.
You were him.
Well, we'll see who gives up first.
I see.
Oh, and that was him?
That was him.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Who said he wasn't going to call anymore after today?
Oh, what a silly fool you are.
Well, I know that.
Company QA.
I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you all discussed that clause that the organization has in their for guilty?
And what clause is that, sir?
Well, by the opening day, if there is a season, right?
By the time that the first puck drops, his testicles must also.
I like that.
Have a great, oh, and uh, George.
In fact, I think there's an equal chance of both.
Yeah.
George, I have a CD I'll be bringing you.
Frank Zapp alive in 88.
And he has a phone call that tortured, never stops.
And that's a little apropos for, uh, for what's going on.
Yes, it is.
Thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
That was a good line.
Oh, and speaking of Frank Zapp, we got an Eric Eidle bit that the George even have to work for about how many hours?
Stop turning, man.
We're cleaning it up and putting all the bleeps in.
But it is just great where he rips bush and he rips Walmart and he rips, uh,
everybody.
Ask Crom.
It's a beautiful thing.
Good old Eric Eidle, man.
Mottie Python.
Thank God there's still alive.
At least most of them are.
Where's the one that died?
Graham Chapman.
Graham Chapman.
He's dead.
But his memory still lives on.
Somebody QA in the middle.
Hello, everybody.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, Neil?
All right.
Neil, I just wanted to call him and chime in on, uh, I don't know if you've read this guy.
Knit on 610.
You're all right.
I don't listen to a Lord asked junior.
No, I don't listen to the right wingers.
Oh, yeah.
He's gotten me so riled up.
You know, he's a big, he's the biggest bush pusher I've ever seen.
And he just gets me all around.
I don't know if he's blind to see that, you know, there's so many books out there and, you know,
so many movies he got Fahrenheit 9-11.
You know, he's just getting me so riled up.
I just want to choke the guy if I see him.
Okay.
Well, good luck to you.
Do a good job.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
But I'm sure he's listening every single day.
Just like the people who hate me like poison.
Oh, do you hear the things that that bag is saying?
I don't know.
Yeah.
And they're listening right now.
By the way, have a nice day or not as the case may be.
Whatever you choose.
Those people in that category.
See, I like I've told you many times before I don't understand that.
Life is too short.
It's a lesson.
I keep trying to teach you.
I mean, do whatever you like.
I realize you have very limited choices.
Your radio is basically a toilet now.
But I mean, you know, why you listen to things that you know are going to be aggravating and offensive.
And not that just you disagree with that are just assing on in the face of it.
You must be some kind of a man sickest or maybe the other possibility is I have no life.
That might be it.
56670.
I want to take a whole bunch of stuff here.
But I want to take a lot of calls this up because I feel like we short-changed our listeners.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
Hi.
That's what I was trying to say.
Now you actually had conversation with this creature.
Oh no, no, I used the speaker phone here at the one in the studio.
What is it?
I didn't do any speaking.
Who did?
He did.
Yeah.
In other words, he was just having a conversation with a dead line.
How is that possible?
I can hear it.
He can't hear me and I wasn't saying.
But what was he calling on?
What was this?
I was calling him.
Right.
To check the number to make sure that you know it was him.
Right.
And sure enough.
And what was he saying?
All right, I give up.
You know, after we gave his number.
I don't know what you're going to write.
Maybe his caretaker was out peddling yourself around town or something.
Who the hell is?
Real cheap, no doubt.
WQM line 9.
Hello.
They took good jobs.
They took good jobs.
WQM, hello.
Hi there, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Is this my cleaning?
No.
Oh, just a joke.
Go ahead.
Okay.
I just wanted to see Michael Moore's stocks.
Yeah.
That's it.
Okay.
Thanks.
Brilliant.
And so do you.
You only wish that you had like one percent of Michael Moore's ingenuity and money in your wallet
and in your pocket and in your brain.
But you don't.
And that's your great line.
Michael Moore.
That took a lot of brilliance on your part.
Okay.
Michael Moore sucks because he reveals the truth and because he's got the balls to stand up in front of the world
and tell it like it is.
And that this guy can't handle the truth because he's number one in emotional cripple.
And number two.
I have no line.
That problem as well.
That was very profound.
And I'm sure we'll have a fantastic impact on the entire audience and our vast audience out there.
I'm sure that they'll be pondering that all day long.
Here you say that Michael Moore sucks.
That's just, aren't you impressed?
I understand there's going to be a movie called Michael Moore sucks.
Right.
And this guy's going to make it.
But after we watch Fahrenheit 9-11, a lot of people won't think that Michael Moore sucks.
And especially after watching bowling for Columbine.
And maybe reading his books.
In fact, maybe you have somebody read one of his books to you, sir.
And maybe you might change your mind all the way down it.
Because it's obvious where you're coming from.
From minutes after 1 at 560 WQA and VOOM is TV, but not just ordinary pedestrian TV like you're used to.
VOOM is high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so superior to regular TV, you will not believe it.
The quality is like comparing the latest DVD to Geldey's voice.
VOOM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
VOOM's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment you need to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience,
including the dish, the receiver, and the mode of course.
VOOM has got over 30 channels of HD programming that you can watch including ESPN and high definition.
That's three times more than you'll get from cable.
And they've got all your other favorite channels too, like HP, MTV, even your local channels as well.
VOOM's got over 120 channels of great entertainment.
VOOM even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music, and sports that you cannot get from your cable or satellite company at all.
So with VOOM you get all the stuff you watch it now plus all these new awesome high definition channels on top of that too.
For a limited time special offer, call them today or check them out online.
The number is 1-866-848-8666 online you'll find them at VOOM.com.
The offer includes free installation, no upfront cost, and no long-term commitment either.
But you better do it in the next few days because the offer ends May 31, which is a week from yesterday.
Call them toll free 1-866-848-8666 or log on to them at VOOM.com.
We are Sports Radio 560, QAM.
Here's the story of a man named Rudy who was living in a mansion in New York
where the wife who doesn't want to do her duty.
Someone new pops his cork.
It's the story of a man named Rudy.
Judy Nathan is his latest hipwood scene.
And the shadows he secretly grabs her booty.
They meet at Chris's speedcreen.
Right, Tony.
Because the judge said Judy cannot go to Gracie.
And for Donna it was much more than a hunch.
Miss Hanover knew that things were getting racier.
A little pelvic punch, Giuliani.
Giuliani.
Now we know what the mayors do in for lunch.
17 at 560-270-270.
We got a shot at 1000 hosts during the show today.
We got 873 and it's only 117.
I mean, Josh said right there a day we did over 1000 for the first time during the show.
Remember that day?
I do.
And that was the beginning of the whole series.
That was back during the fall when we actually had people in town.
Now in the middle of the dog days it's already May 25.
And we had how many people left in South Florida?
About 30 men.
All together.
Not just this audience.
I'm talking about the whole town.
Oh, and I got some really great news.
Two pieces of good news.
Okay.
Number one, we had a report from Miguel this morning.
A very old Miguel Escobar without the official here.
Who now is telling us that many of these South Florida Cubanos are turning on bush.
Thank you, Blitz.
Yeah, that was live from the barbershop that we did.
That was live from the Cubano barbershop.
And they scuttled bodies that no more bush that they're on to and this whole thing in Iraq.
The Iraq attack and all of this fallout.
All these dead people is starting to piss them off too.
And what has he done for them lately anyway?
Not much.
So that's great news.
And even better news.
Probably the most important story we've ever had on the show.
Guess what's back?
You're you're you know who's going to love this story?
Absolutely no.
Guess what's back in Afghanistan?
What's back in Afghanistan?
Soccer?
Golf.
Oh.
Oh right.
Oh right.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Yeah, look at this.
Would you please repeat the name of the author of this car with times editorial commentary just read the religiosity place piece I'd like to.
Oh boy, it's on our bedtime story.
It's said by I don't know.
Look it up.
When you look it up on Tony about the golf, okay?
It's one of the bedtime stories.
And you'll know which one it is about religious crap.
No grass, no greens, but golf is back in cobble.
They're playing in cobble in the rubble.
Before team off, mind the bombed out barracks to your left.
Don't aim for the fairway because there isn't one.
The greens are actually black.
A mixture of sand and oil.
The clubhouse is collapsing and has no walls.
Welcome to Cobble Golf Club.
For a decade or so, the nine hole course set among rugged hills and mountains on the outskirts of cobble has been a big hit.
It's been abandoned and the grass is turned a dusty desert and scrub.
While there are no bunkers, the ball of years off at impossible angles when it hits a rock or lands in a ditch.
The water feature is dried out, but the rules still apply if you land in it.
The good news you can use a tee for every shot.
Now two players have been part of the onigin offing and history of the club that reflects Afghanistan's recent past.
Watery build it.
During the war against the Russians, we were forced to close down Sid Mohamed Abzal Abdul.
Is there anybody over that part of the world who has named either Abdul, Muhammad or Ahbar or something?
I mean, what is that?
How many names did they got?
About five I think.
The 46 year old club professional was the young boy when the course was built.
When the Mujahadin took over Cobble City, we reopened.
When the Civil War began, we had a shot again.
Then the Taliban swept into power and all hope of playing golf, which the hard line Islamic regime associated with wealthy western diplomats like Moe, for example, was lost.
I told the Taliban that I used to work with foreigners, Abdul, said I spent three months in a Cobble jail.
Things were not much easier under Soviet back leaders in the late 70s and 80s.
I was arrested by the communist for links with foreign diplomats and spent six months in prison, said that Muhammad Bhashir Pupal, who works with Abdul at the club, and helps from the southern city of Kandahar.
The original course was built by the Afghans during the reign of Muhammad Zayr Shah, but moved to his presence site after the kings' cousin overthrew him in 73.
It may provide new challenges to any modern player, but it used to be a lot worse.
The entire area has had to be cleared of mines in recent months and three Soviet tanks and a multiple rocket launchers been removed.
Maybe we can send motor plate golf in Cobble, what do you say?
Oh, it was the main mine, Moe, look out!
Oh, no.
What a shame.
It may provide challenges to any modern player, but I just read that.
What we need is for people to come and play and help us find besturing the grass and getting access to water, said Abdul from the driving from the high-perm before driving from the high-perm.
I first saw the first team in a former Taliban barracks reduced to rubble by US bombers in 2001.
The first hole, a 371 yard par four, dropped sharply, then flattens out across a barren rocky stretch crossed by a gravel road.
Catties are sent ahead to spot balls that otherwise...
Oh, I understand, that's why they use enough.
As a Cattie.
Why is that?
Catties are sent ahead to spot balls that otherwise easily disappear in the glaring sun on parts near White Earth.
Attention, man!
So, did Dup come in with the answer for our question yet?
Yes.
Huh?
Yes.
And?
Scratch it.
That's an answer.
That's an answer.
What does that mean?
Scratch it.
Okay, I'm scratching it.
And it kind of hurts.
You're naked.
See, you get the name of that author?
No, I'm looking over here through the pages.
I don't know.
I don't know how to destroy your economy.
The Weez, man, oh man, you are a title.
Not the title.
Huh?
Without the title, how the hell you're going to find it?
Because you know what it's about.
Yeah, the author of the Chicago sometimes editorial commentary.
No, it wasn't that editorial.
That's what the facts said.
Well, forget about the facts.
You know the one I just read.
Let's see.
I'm worried the sex scandal of myson, man, I'll find it.
God.
Panthers fire a Dudley.
Bush vows perseverance.
War Religion and National interest by James A. Goldsboro.
Okay, no relation to Bobby and I spelled the same way.
It's OUGH, James A. Goldsboro.
It's on our website.
It's on theararchers.com.
It's right underneath it's between how fascism starts.
And Bush vows perseverance and a racket's between a rack and a hard place.
Okay, there you go.
And he's right.
Pay more attention to the future.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Well, that's some answer to the problem there's scratching.
That's quite an answer.
Okay, that, of course, that was easy to do.
And that's what we're going to be doing at any future time.
Should that pop up on his show?
We're doing that one's done.
Okay, mark it down today.
Right the time that's done.
Finished.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
You were talking earlier about that one horrible filthy word S-Bag
that you can't say anymore.
Right, huh?
Well, you know, it's so innocuous that it was in the blondie comic strip.
I know that's what inspired us to be word George and I were talking about that before the show today because of somebody.
A few people emailed to get all bent out of shape because it was used in the blondie comic strip, the S-Bag word.
And blondie all thing.
And I wasn't even doing the very thing.
Right, exactly.
Well, can't you take it to that, you know, can't you take it to your, you know, the superiors and argue your point?
I mean, I was getting noticed in about things like that.
I know they...
Because our superiors are a bunch of weakening jellyfish who got the spine of a new, wet noodle in the as a result, you know, whatever, whatever
Joyce over in Naples or whatever that bitch's name is, corporate, whatever she says, oh, you can't say that.
You can't do this.
And so, of course, they just, you know, bend over, which are, our operations manager's got a lot of experience doing it.
You are not alone, guys.
Right.
You should give her a number out on the air and we can have a word with her.
There you go.
George.
That's a thought.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great day.
Good luck.
God bless you.
And don't be an S bag.
Say it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, I don't even know, I mean, the S bag gets in your own, you know, that's one of the eggs now.
We're crawling along that edge.
Yeah.
You're right on the ledge, all right.
In fact, you can hear the people downstairs, you all jump, jump.
Can you hear them?
I can hear them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
If the audience only knew, man, they only had any idea.
Oh, jeez.
You know, we're filling the blank, whatever it is.
It's a ****.
Yeah.
Absolute panic and hysteria.
WQA, hello.
Mill.
Yes, sir.
Happy Memorial weekend, Mill.
Back to you, Pally.
And by the way, you're here with me the way out of here.
Go ahead and get this better.
Not here.
You don't want to hear one listen.
You're here with me the way out of here.
Go ahead and get this better.
You're going to hear one listen.
You're going to hear one listen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Too late now.
What we did to I did mention it.
You said Queen Victoria.
I don't know of any other Victoria Victoria.
Victoria principal Victoria.
Of course, they have a lot of queens here now, man.
You just you know, you ain't seen nothing like this.
I'm telling you in fact, it's a little bit of overload of the
aces me Victoria from the big valley.
That's what the doctor told my funny was inspecting it.
Correct.
A little overload if you asked me.
That's the real.
I feel relaxed once again.
26 past one at 560 W.
You know, everybody in their brother now is peddling hair
replacements.
You know what's that?
Yes indeed.
How many spots of big?
How many different people on this station?
About 30 men.
And then all kinds of hair replacements.
But Chuck Alphier has been around for 35 years.
And you can go waste your money and all of this other stuff.
Charlie's the best.
He's been on Good Morning America.
Today show CBS Morning News.
He is a hair maven from Costa Coast because his natural
hairline system is the best looking in the world.
It looks like real hair that's going out of your scalp because
the most critical area of any hair system is that hairline.
And Charles Alphier's new skin like hair system looks so great.
You think it's the real thing as opposed to a mouth see looking piece.
A dead muskrat.
And Charlie gives you this guarantee.
You try a system for 30 days for a month.
About 30 men.
After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting more asked than you ever had in your life, then return it for
four refunds.
Yeah, I can still say that.
Ask.
In fact, I think our programming department likes us.
And Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including
shampoo and.
So don't delay it.
Call Charlie today and change your life forever.
Get yourself a great looking piece and look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again.
Forget about the dangerous pills all the other BS called tool free.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or find out more on his website, CharlesAlphierry.com.
This is SportsWayN.
You way, yeah.
Get off this instant!
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than your app.
Why do you want to require too a boy to let go?
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
I know what.
Why my religion amletates,
big tree and racial hate.
My religion is better than yours.
Oh my god.
My religion is better than yours.
What we like about it best,
I find no voice in where we address.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We have no respect for living,
driver, cab to make a living by religion better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
SuperHopper us,
cookies, ghosts, we slaughter,
cakes and dogs and ghosts.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Are you sure?
We will be the same big tellers
that the other pay me tail
by religion is better than yours.
Please.
My religion is better than yours.
Religion is better than yours.
We now go and go and serve others.
You like former brushless,
you are new by religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and white
our bikes and gets you very lots of
wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We now want to use our brains
where my voice living is our parade.
My religion is better than yours.
Nothing like that compassionate illiteracy
to really get everybody together.
132.560.
We got 81 votes to go for a thousand
during the show by two o'clock.
I think we can do it but it's going to take a lot of
cake.
Cake.
What fathers you most about George W.
Bush that's our poll question.
You can take a little peek at leraflin boil too
about your in there.
A little quick peek.
Not longer too long because
John Ascroft's eyes will start rolling around
like a pinball machine if you do that.
And he'll start like looking high and low
and side to side side by each.
He's monitoring you make no mistake about that.
And then after you do that vote on the
poll what fathers you most about George W. Bush.
He's a moron 257.
Now is that about George Bush or Todd
Wreck? By the way Todd I have a message for Todd Wreck
at the QM sales department.
That's it you and me Adios finished.
Done.
Bye.
Like I once bought a bit of buy done.
Bye bye bye.
Bye Todd.
I would say nice being no one you but it wasn't.
Bush or moron 257 he's just a face man for
Neocon extremist 248.
And how could anybody not know that?
You know is anybody really believe?
I mean even if you just believe it's Dick Cheney
without both of it's in parole all those other
what's the Neocon what are you talking about?
You can talk to the mayor again.
He's a dangerous religious for that a 116.
Nothing nothing bothers them.
He's a great leader 116.
12.5%.
Did I get to say on the other one?
176 on the other one.
116 he's a great leader.
Nothing bothers them 12.5% of our audience who need to be
you know what we're going to do we're going to keep them real busy on November 2nd or whatever
Election Day is November 2 I believe it is.
Keep them real busy.
Keep them occupied.
And kind of like locked in.
Got any plans for that.
He's a crook he stole the 2000 election 89 and he's divisive and hate mongering 35 out of
922 now we need 78 we can do it.
You put your head on the grindstone.
Oh that's cute this is cute did you hear about the Muslim extremist golfer the recent
tournament the announcer mentioned that he blew up on the 10th hole when I asked by another
announcer if Muhammad was having a bad day the first announcer said no he just blew up.
That's bad.
That's because you're not a golf guy man you better get into this golf business if you're going to be
a Florida man you better start getting with the golf people sorry we have a 30
year if I was a lot more friendly with the golf crowd if I wasn't ripping them and
asking for how boring that is and then there were yes golf courses sure would be great for
like ATVs and motocross bikes.
Their response always is I have no right and then we understand why they spend all their time in the course people like our friend
who spends all his afternoon on the golf course because what else is he going to do hang around and aggravate his wife.
I'm listening you know I don't want to tell you was mad dog who said to me when I was there last week
but how he would like to be a fly in the wall during one of those arguments in most house no thanks.
I don't want to say can you imagine I can't believe what you're saying how can you be a possibly
be saying that that my piece thinks like crazy anyway.
Ocalusibor I wonder if I wonder if they left the muskrat run loose around the house do you think
they really got a good probably how they get their dog exercise he chases the muskrat all around the home.
Ocalusibor is 12 year old from starting paid and club at school see right here
this is in today's Sunsend on their website right here is exactly what's wrong with America and then there are other things too
and don't give me this love it or leave it crap okay if you love America you want America the way it used to be
not the kind of crap not the kind of fascism we got now not the kind of religious nuts running the country
the lunatics have taken over the asylum in a bloodless school but us in but us in
and we got to square about that guy too on our website much too long to read on the air
about that whole crowd and how they smeared what's his name what they have you can oh right they smeared all of these people
at any rate crest view the Ocalusibor school board passed a rule to prevent a 12 year old girl from forming a
forming a pagan club at her school the board passed the requirement the clubs have at least five members
and a faculty sponsored after the girls mother Stephanie a grid had approached officials at Max Bruner Junior middle school
in Fort Walton Beach in Florida she doesn't have enough people to start her club a grid told the board during an hour long debate Monday so this in my opinion
is just one way the government can shut down undesirable clubs American civil liberties union members also argue the rule would violate the girls rights and federal laws
and equal access we can beat this to death but I personally think the policy is more than adequate to protect students rights board member Rodney Walker said
the girl had asked about forming a club based on her pagan beliefs because the school had Christian clubs her mother said
Bruner officials over told her she'd have to gather 200 signatures to form such a club 200 heathens while I'm crest view they probably don't have no
200 heathens right they're all much of brainwashed to the ring idiots when the a grettes complain to district officials school
so per intended Don Gates proposed the district wide policy with a five student minimum the a grettes in AC and use of any numerical
limit violates federal law school district official I how many you think they should have to form a club that's enough
school district lawyer Jeff McKinness and the law does not bar schools from setting rules regarding meetings on school property
and the formation of groups or clubs the girls father Marcel Agrette said the family may pursue the issue further or these are frogs
A gray and yeah two years ago the board also be roughly a request to remove the pledge of allegiance from classrooms
and continue to phrase under God
Dale God violates the separation of churches they talked to the first member and of course they're absolutely correct
so all that brainwash religion started okay do that they're trying to take God out of the classroom all this other crap all this simplistic idiocy
man in fact you know who it was who who was brambling this crap do you remember the black guy that was the Nick Bergs friend
in his hometown there in Pennsylvania that was making all the rounds on my god remember him he was there everywhere
the neighbor yeah the neighbor his good friend and they start well I'm one of his one of his 500 appearances you start going off on his whole business
about all the things that are wrong and about how they've taken prayer out of the school and God out of our life I just about puked my guts man
what that was he doing on in the first place that's what I would like to know because he would I see you know he didn't look Jewish to me
at any rate 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for I know my Jews man believe me takes one to spot one and I also know my oh yeah
I got the best guitar on the face of the globe believe me man I can they don't have to have those they don't have to have those pear shaped hips for me to see him
I don't know what you're laughing about that that is a dead giveaway what what are you laughing about the truth don't forget about that queer eye for the queer guy like crap on TV
I know a fag when I see one you know talking about don't believe me when I tell you Johnny dark has pear shaped hips does she really well
my local your sports radio 5 60s you a few a.m.
you
see the thing about you that caught my eye was the way you're asking to eclipse the sky
I got to explain the girl I'll try you've been eaten way too many fries see a cow kind of looks just like you
no girls got a behind what like you got a pair of that cheeks from those baddie foods
that is why your dairy air is so huge your behind is like a truck
that truck you need to have a sign that says caution why load is it underway you wear or a
car
one forty four and we need forty four forty four more for a thousand of votes on a pool during the show which would really be quite an accomplishment we get a gold start
a purple jelly bean forty four more if we get forty four more at one forty four you know this that you just
tax me this is the most important thing in the history mankind maybe not but it's important crap from Josh thank you Josh
you're welcome not you get out here it's from a free press dot net says last year federal communications commission
chairman michael paul called for public hearings after millions of Americans to cry his
gutting of media ownership rules now he's a no show with a sudden scheduling conflict just one day before his official
LCC hearing to listen to public concerns this is an outrage him getting all choked up about it it's an outrage
absolutely correct at the last hearing in San Antonio Texas a rowdy crowd of hundreds gave paul a lashing the last in early seven
hours big media representatives cracked under audience pressure paul was put to shame and he's afraid it'll happen again
let's make sure it does yeah I read about that scheduling conflict in other words a no show today we're launching a national
campaign together a half a million signatures demanding local FCC hearings in every state in America if you want
to sign a petition go to and we'll put it on it we'll put a link make sure it puts a link
okay yeah are you going to make sure that right I was just doing it go to free press dot net slash rules
and sign the petition free press dot net slash rules we'll put a link to it right on our website because we know a lot of
you need help second pass this on your friends your colleagues everyone you know who wants local skeptical
diverse and competitive media not just have cheap channel and Viacom over air own every damn station in the country
in the past too much alone paul has attended the posh industry sponsored national association to broadcast his annual convention
and the national cable and telecommunications association gala but where is he doing his own localism and diversity public hearing he has a no show just like his
president he's a wall a wall paul it says Michael paul is a wall and we're not going to let him give away with it demand a hearing in your
state go to free press dot net slash rules and it's signed Josh silver I see this is from somebody I said thank you Josh
he's there was a loud L.A.U.B. what kind of name is that for me to get it to the last time I don't know what that is
thank you whoever sent this P.S. a U.S. court of appeals will decide the fate of paul's media ownership rules within the next month or two
state to inform information so you better get with it P.S. stay up to date on this another media issues with our free email news headlines
service free press dot net get on it hop on it hop aboard okay it's about time we started seeing little more evidence of people screaming
and yelling and carrying on maybe not too late what do we got on that pool now we got it we got a shot 972 we need 28 and 13 minutes actually
be like fall them off a log that should be like muff bending over his doctor's office this morning no big deal like fall
out of bed right right what bothers you most about George W. Bush he's a moron 274 he's illiterate he's a goofball he says
where what did you do with that one to get a tough draw now forget about that he's not potatoes okay you mentioned now forget
your your your obsessed with it I'm starting to wonder about that and Josh when the show is over take a look and make sure George don't have a pear shaped ass
I'll go right oh man whoa that's your president this is the president of the United States the most powerful man in the whole freaking world
and that's that's what you people are supporting that's what you respect that's what you want that's your leader that's a leader
and that's what you want that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your
that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president that's your president there'sン
Lex and Harry and scary and Lex and Schmecks.
Whatever that is.
Careful.
Now I'm careful, alright.
Believe you me, I've had enough.
I've had a couple of those already today.
There won't be no mold.
Believe me.
I had that one damn slip out and we had to believe that.
Good thing, Duff was at the doctor when we got those four
slipped out on the air.
Just a joke, Duff.
Just relax, okay?
Just stay calm, okay?
Just stay calm.
Everything is fine.
Your job is secure for another week.
Well, based on what I'm hearing.
And of course with Geldie, after the Panther organization,
what does that do?
I guess Muff is in good shape now because it's going to take the two of them.
Him and Duff Jr. to be doing all the scheduling now.
Because can you imagine how many changes are going to be during hockey season if we have one?
Oh, today is Geldie tomorrow.
It's the big one.
And then it's maybe the Moe and the Beast now that he's sucking up to him again.
That's amazing to me.
When I was there, the Beast was just stupified that Moe was now kissing his ass.
That's something.
So I guess he's exhausted.
Everybody else in the building looking for an ally, the Moe man, and he can't find one.
Absolutely.
And he's back to square one again, the Waddle and Beast.
And by the way, Moe, the Beast don't want any party.
It can't stand him.
150.
And in fact, wasn't it the day after he supposedly made up and kissed my ring and shook my hand
back a couple of months ago when Moe came in the next morning and screwed the horse?
Just shot himself right in the leg.
That was the very first conversation after the big guy comes in.
And instead of just saying, hey, we're going to get along now.
We're going to coexist.
Everything's fine.
And instead of that, he comes in.
Oh, if that beast thinks he's going to make up with me, you know, a childish crap for
a man who's 85 years old to be worried about little fat, waddling putzes like the Beast
being.
Come on.
New years, card.
Yeah.
If he sends you anything in the mail, have your wife open it.
Okay.
In fact, had the muskrat open it.
Hey, if you're still a little bit nervous about buying your bed over the phone, have no
fear because for over 25 long, amazing years, millions of people including yours truly
and most of us, the QAM have dialed 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for the best of you on the best brands
in bedding.
The easiest possible way to get a brain name at risk.
No risk because if it's not perfect and every way, just call them back for a full comfort
exchange, it's completely free within 30 days.
No extra fees, no strings attached.
The island mattress is ranked numero uno in customer satisfaction.
Cubans for carry.
Oh, man, or just Cuban going to stay home on a luscious day.
Sounds good to me.
Anyway.
And there were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local tour to excellence award
at dial amateurs.
When you call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, you'll get the best prices on the best brands with
delivery on your schedule and that tour on window-woods convenient for you and the best customer
service in the universe.
So why would you waste any of your time and hard earned cash, schlepping from showroom
to showroom, wasting your time?
dial amateurs has the complete line of C-Leaf, Sirta, King Coral, Simmons, Tempor, Peter
and Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
From Kettle to Stewart, Palm Beach to Fort Myers, dial amateurs can deliver the finest bedding
around.
All you have to do is just sit there on your fat can, having a few of your free-dose
or whatever you're chewing on and pick up the phone and make one easy call.
That's all it takes.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or online, you'll be fighting them at macriss.com.
My, my, my, and local, this is Fort Real 560, the way you weigh.
This is that we're lacking in the form.
They provide a headlight that will lead you by the dawn.
You say, they said, is the one you get.
Now they have only one thing to do.
No point in cost to dawn.
We got to, now we're all put together and save.
You got to, they won't attack us so long.
We got to, waste, push our keys.
No!
You say 9-11 is what they got you to believe.
Can't get any cover but a one-party company.
You believe what they say like the fall.
Like the fall and fall as they unite.
The state's a record, a two.
All the election, we got to push it, got it, game.
Deal, God.
Welcome.
157 only a couple minutes away from the mad dog.
Here's a great fact from, by the way, 1024 folks, nice job folks.
You see the colors and, but the listeners out there, they're great, aren't they?
The clickers.
We got the clickers.
Anyway, Tracy in Kendall says, speaking of religious nuts, on my flight home from
Henet, California, yesterday, a father was discussing Bible verses with his young daughter in the row behind me.
Amused by such bubble mice, he's I listened in.
Not knowing the Bible, I couldn't tell you the exact passages, but the verse she was reading involved,
eye for an eye, murder, etc.
The father was emphatically supporting the violence and death and the passages to his daughter, she replied,
but isn't that wrong? I thought murder was a sin.
The father instantly got angry and said, you're out listening, stop reading so much into it.
I like to do with smile.
Even a child could see that religion was different than the verse, and it was nice to hear or challenge the brainwashing.
Have a great day. You too, Tracy. Thank you. That's for you, sweetheart.
How do you like that? Even a child. It makes me smile like a child.
Right.
Thinking about adults, see, they get you early when you're young and they just drum it in there just like the Nazis did.
All the other expert brainwashers do just like all the so-called cults, which is, you know, this small potato is the cults.
We're talking about organizations, tax fee organizations that have millions and millions of brainwashed masses out there, man.
People have been conditioned into this crap.
Rather than like dealing with it with the world around them like intelligent human beings,
oh no, the end days are coming. All of a sudden, crap.
You have to be some kind of an invasible. You have to be certifiable.
You need to be locked up somewhere in the program. You remember the days back when the cult thing was really big?
Oh yeah, the moonies and all that.
Right. And they hit all these experts that used to go around the programming kids.
Well, how about we have some people in the program folks who are brainwash with these religions, okay?
Especially all these orthodox, the fundamentalist Jews and the fundamentalist Christians and the fundamentalist Muslims.
I'll go get the duct tape and the phone book.
And don't forget the vis queen or that queen.
And I'm telling you watch out for the old pear shape.
I'm asking, you know, first I told you about the finger thing about which finger is shorter.
You know, I told you that.
Right. I've been going to believe me.
Huh? I forgot that rule.
Well, you better watch out for that finger.
That's what the doctor told up this morning.
He said it felt like a finger anyway.
And then the other thing is the old pear shaped ass.
Now, when clearance comes in tomorrow morning, in fact, you probably won't come in again if he's listening right now.
No, seriously, this is the way to find out for sure because he claims to have this girlfriend, all this other crap.
Watch as he waddles away as he can.
Because first of all, on Friday, he was doing that thing which we can't say on the year again.
And watch if he's got the old pear shape butt.
Bye, bye, bye.
Left from your show and lies on your QAF.
My name is for my name.
Abu Gharram.
What word did you say?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
