Alright! Explore staffs!
Cool cool baby!
Let's turn this mother out.
But the magic wrapper is on my TV.
No one heard of it before.
All the name is Bob Maddie.
I said that's Bob.
The magic wrapper won't be here that long.
Not unless it learns to sing on the right of the friggin song.
I said that Bob, the magic wrapper, is all over MTV.
Only because someone shut no furious viagee that bad guy.
He is one should tell him making it this way is wrong.
Taking at your dead best friends he came plus balls.
Shoot dog, you dog, you dog, you dog, on the bike track.
10, 19, 5, 60, WQAM happy Tuesday too.
But it's worked out pretty good today didn't it?
Yeah, it's alright.
Their best up tape went a little bit long, about 19 minutes long.
Which is just fine with us.
We're online.
And the good news is you got George's next to base tomorrow on Thursday
and even better news is the beach audition for George's job on Friday
from 10 to 2.
Oh the pot was on.
Alright!
There you go.
So it's the holidays and God only knows what kind of crap we'll put on here
to just fill in the time.
Oh speaking of that we have a guest appearance this afternoon from 2 to 4.
D-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d.
By our close person nobody, the more man who's gonna be insured gloating over last nights.
Shocking, surprising, super bowl like victory by the dolphins.
It was really like their super bowl.
And what did I tell you George last week?
What did I say?
I know I said yesterday 42 to 6 which it should have been if they'd played 60 minutes.
What did I say last week?
They thought the hotel is they cannot close it up.
I mean they usually do but they have a hell of a time closing games out.
They let the other team back in the game.
Now when you were ahead 27-17 by 11 points with less than 4 minutes left in the game,
you were supposed to win that game.
But their defense just, well we're done.
We're through and they just, and you see that so many times in games in Manitfell.
I've never been able to understand that a team that can't move the ball the whole game,
all of a sudden in the last 4-5 minutes every time they get the ball on offense,
they're like marching down to feel like the defense is taking a vacation, see Esther?
I don't get that.
Well your boy Tommy Brady kind of screwed it up too.
Well let me say this to you okay, who would you rather have a starting quarterback for the Dolphins,
Tom Brady or AJ Touchy Philly or Jew Feedler?
Who would you rather have?
That's an easy one.
Oh okay there you go.
What would you rather be at this stage of the season 12 and 2 or 3 and 11?
Are you getting a little defensive?
I'm not, you know.
I'm not a little bit defensive.
I'm not a little bit defensive.
Okay against a team that's won a Super Bowl two at the last three times.
When's the last time the Dolphins were even close to a Super Bowl?
And don't tell me that 62-7 game against Jacksonville?
No.
Well?
It's been a while.
See I think it was the Orange Jersey's last night.
I think the Patriots in the last couple of minutes were blinded by the light.
Yeah, exactly.
Now the Dolphins deserved to win the game.
They played a better game when it counted the most right there at the Ascend.
And you know the Patriots kept blitzing and blitzing and they weren't getting two AJ Touchy Philly.
A couple of times he did but generally speaking they weren't doing it.
And they blew it.
So there you go.
It was 29-20.
It was pretty exciting anyway.
I saw Danny Boy bailing out of there before the game was over as the Patriots were on their way to what appeared to be the cementing touchdown there.
And he's a kiss and everybody in a press box.
He's on a way out and that was either...
See you Danny Boy.
Anyway, here's our pull.
We got the trends coming at 1130 which is going to be very exciting.
Over those lines light up.
Hey, we love the Dolphins.
They are the champs.
That's right.
They're front running ponies man.
They're out there.
WQA, I'm Dolphins Super Bowl line.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I'm happy you decided to resign with QA ever.
I heard yesterday you were resigning.
I thought you'd get hated it over there.
Yeah.
I liked the money.
So that's the only reason?
That's the biggest reason.
Yeah. Well, why not?
What's the problem?
I thought maybe you'd go on a bigger and better thing.
Just satellite rate.
You know, why just be in Miami?
Because I like just being in Miami.
Plus satellite rate, it was like, who knows if it's going to fly or not.
I don't know.
So what you think your show would be success if you went to the right market?
If this show was on Nationwide it would be the biggest show in America.
That's not ego talk because I have no ego.
That's what I believe.
I believe that for a long time.
But, you know, it's just not happening.
I think Sirius had their chance and they're diddling around and they didn't do anything.
And XM also had like, you know, a little touchy feeling in that screw.
I think this is a show.
Yes, Sirius has Mel Carmison.
Yeah.
That, I mean, it's a beautiful place.
The studios are very nice.
Yeah, what do you mean the studios are very nice?
What does that mean?
What studios?
They're the operation in New York.
It's very first class.
Yeah.
I know they worked with it.
I thought that that would be perfect for you.
Well, let me tell you again.
They came to us and, you know, made some inquiries and nothing ever materialized so to hell with them, you know.
The market would need to hear you.
Need to hear what you have to say because you're going to win.
Yeah, I agree with you, Sir, but it ain't going to happen, man.
It's not happening.
They're not Sirius.
You know what I'm saying?
Their name may be Sirius, but they're not Sirius where I'm concerned.
So, screw them.
But no, do you do need a new agent then?
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
Okay, I must have been more than Howard's boyfriend or something.
Or somebody that wants to be your agent.
Well, seriously, I mean, you know, Stern allegedly from what I was told and I have no reason to disbelieve it
because there was somebody who's a pizzeran's with him.
I had them contact me and all we wanted to be a roger's own.
And that was, you know, some contacts were made back and forth with Norma and with them.
And that was the end of that and the same with XM.
I don't have time to dittle around with people.
I like the certainty in addition to which I'm a dotering old clown.
Okay, I'm an old fool.
And one thing I'm not foolish enough is to like, you know, give me the money.
That's all.
Just hand me the money and whatever else.
In addition to which I'm not putting up with anymore of the crap that's going on last year or two.
I just want to tolerate it.
Clarence.
And this is like games that they're playing like with this thing with the beast and everything last week and then putting them on again.
I mean, I don't have any problem with them doing Friday.
It gives you the day off and it's a day before records.
It's the only way it's going to see.
But we're just, you know, there's not, this show doesn't need any messing and any fixing and he did it and just leave it to hell alone.
Okay, worry about whatever other day parts where you have problems like you're going to have mornings when Stern fails out.
worry about fixing that.
Not this show.
And that's the one thing that they've been incapable of doing.
They just won't stop diddling and messing and changing the time.
And that's the thing that infuriates people, including me and the audience.
So Clarence, you can sit in there and play all little games you want.
You can do your little UM circle crowd whatever you're doing in there.
And it doesn't, it doesn't impact me.
You don't exist.
You don't even exist.
That little U of N, that University of Miami fanthom world and the Gables there.
That's what he's all about.
Him and the beast.
It's always been that way ever since he was in there.
In fact, maybe that's where the problem lies.
You know what I'm saying?
You try to look at the situation and say, well, there's a few problems in here.
Where are they really live?
Where's the centerpiece of the problem at QAM?
Maybe that's where lies.
Where's that orifice?
You know what I mean?
Maybe it's somebody's...
Orifice.
But anyway, just ignore him.
Okay, whatever he says to you, just a, oh, I got that bad hearing problem.
Tell me your pop and oxies like Rush, you can't hear anything.
What?
Exactly.
Here's the poll from yesterday, which best describes your feelings about Christmas?
1444 votes?
Pain in the ass, 473.
Right.
473.
Pain in the ass.
Too expensive, 247.
Now, see, the thing you forget about, seriously, this should have been syndicated a long time ago.
I don't know anybody else.
So, do you know that even Lynn's annuals is on Sirius from 1 to 3 in the afternoon every day?
And Lynn, I know we love you Lynn, but let's face it.
I mean, get serious.
Oh, she did.
See?
Even she's on every day between 1 and 3.
And we're on this station with a fuzzy signal that's got this Spanish music in the background.
But like I said, the texture of maybe not always exactly on time, but within the day or two, you know, that's good enough.
It's called self-preservation instead of ego.
Those people are wanting to like keep beating themselves on the chest and, hey, look at me, I'm a big sound.
I'm going to revolution.
I said, go ahead.
Go ahead.
Revolutionize the world.
Change everything, okay?
Not interested.
I just want those checks coming in.
Anyway, Christmas to expensive 247.
My favorite holiday, 229.
Isn't that pleasant?
Strickly for goi, I'm 194.
Fun, 194.
Christmas is fun.
It can be unless you get too serious about it, I would think, unless you get stuck with impioned.
And it's very important to birth of our savior, 107.
Just 7.4% of this generally heathened audience.
Say it's very important holiday because it's the birth of our savior, our lord in favor.
Our lord in favor.
Jesus.
Praise Jesus.
Jesus Christ.
Alinda Carlisle is on the beat of curtain today, but I've never taken break before we respond on that.
The hour is strange.
We are Rogers, mornings in midday.
And sports around the clock.
The fight is in place.
We are.
David's a bitch.
You were a kid.
You took Flintstone's vitamins to make sure you'd grow up big and strong.
But today, big and strong isn't good enough anymore.
That's why you need to give your kids Flintstone's chewable steerable.
It's a good choice.
The non-vitamin with the extra punks.
Ask yourself, what do my kids need most?
Healthy, balanced nutrition?
Or a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can crotch anything in their path?
Flintstone's chewable steer Royce come in poor, gistening flavors like Fred Flintstein dioled,
Van Banderlone, and Oxendino Dreened.
With Flintstone's chewable steeroids,
your kids will love their new Balkan striated muscle tissue.
And it'll be years before they even care about their ever-shrinking genitalia.
And what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her brownie troop to have her own goatee?
Chocolate, momma, and a barb of salt.
What he means?
I said momma, and a barb of salt.
Make your kid up, Flintstone's chewable steeroids, kid.
10 million strong and bulging.
1032 or 560, that was a really interesting first call, you know what?
Yeah it was.
It sounded like a set-up call, like an inside call to me.
Like an insider, yeah.
Right, I mean, well, like a really beautiful studio's near.
First of all, I'm not going to live in New York.
And you don't have to live in New York to be on serious or any of those other,
to be on anywhere anymore.
There's not a chance in hell that I would live in New York,
and there's no chance.
But that was obviously inside call, and stuffy agents, that's the problem.
It's the people with the companies.
I mean, if you are serious, if you're going to live up to your name,
then do something, get off your ass.
You know, make something you offer.
They've been contact, I don't know how many times.
And I'm at meat, but I'm at well fine.
You got your superstar, they're good luck to you.
Maybe it's going to fly, maybe it's going to be really big.
I just don't know.
My feeling about that whole business is I consider him belly a caretaker.
He'd be like, oh, we can't play the fart sounds.
It's the colors that do that, generally.
Oh, did you hear that fart sound in that promo, which I didn't even hear until yesterday?
I don't need that.
Okay, we don't need that.
I mean, the fact that we keep getting restricted to all this,
I'm unhappy about that.
And we, you know, every now and then make a big issue about it.
But to every single day, well, see, I can't do the show the way I want here.
If that's all you got, man, there just ain't that much there, okay?
I'm sorry.
If that's all you got as fart sounds and words, then to me, that's not a big deal.
Who can't do that?
Who couldn't go on the ear if you put just about anybody,
who's fairly articulate on the ear, and you said, okay,
you can say anything you want and play make any sounds you want and talk about anything else you want,
and the most grotesque sexual stuff you want.
And you think that person wouldn't get a big number?
Ain't.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That doesn't require anything special.
No, I don't.
Oh, you know, crap.
Oh, man, he said crap.
Everybody in the world wants to hear somebody say crap.
Well, we've already heard crap on ear.
You know, it's old.
Who needs to hear crap?
There you go.
How about again?
Okay.
Twice no less.
Hear that, Joyce?
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
So, my way for the guy from a series that just called,
I haven't signed anything yet, although I will be there in a day or two,
and I get a plan on signing.
I mean, the deal is supposedly written in clay,
what, what, what, what?
Andrew Dite's clay.
I don't know.
And this business about how I hate it.
I don't hate it at all, especially being away from there.
The fact that it matters, that it's not people in there,
what's stopped hyperventilating and taking great joy in trying to ruin everybody's life all the time.
Just like, leave it alone.
That's all.
Clarence and others.
Just leave it alone.
And stick that little matty bell in the broom closet where he belongs up the other end of the building,
and power 96 and get him out of our face.
That's all.
And leave us alone.
Just wind it up and let it go.
It's one of those day parts.
All the ampuges wind it up and let it go.
And it's just the money comes rolling in.
That's all.
Most programmers in the business, they be ecstatic.
They'd be peeing in their pants, that was show like that.
That brings millions of dollars.
And basically is like stress free.
Just leave it go.
But they hate you like poison.
That's the problem.
And they like the beast.
Oh, give me a break.
Will you please?
That's the first time he's ever sat in that chair on a show and said anything was last week when he was auditioning for your job.
That's the first time ever.
Yeah.
And we'll see what happens Friday.
Not that I'll be listening or that you'll be listening, but that ought to be very entertaining for hours in the beast as he tries again.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah.
Dolphin season headquarters, yes.
You want to have anal psychopartis?
Yeah.
567-0560, pound 566, the only Verizon and Singular Wireless Alliance.
That was, see, that's exactly what I was just talking about.
Talk about one dimensional.
WVQ-AM, hello?
Hey, no.
Hey, no.
I kind of agree with that car about it.
I mean, somebody really can't go there because they're going to have the satellite radio in Canada probably next year.
Who cares?
I think your age is not doing that good over the job.
Yeah.
I think they've never had.
Well, let me ask you this question.
Okay.
Do you listen to this show on this station every day or whenever you can?
All the time.
So what's the problem?
No, there's no problem.
You can go back here.
And let me ask you another question.
Do you enjoy the show?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I can show better than how it's turned.
There you go.
So what's the problem?
I mean, I don't know how it is.
You know what I mean?
If you got a local high school kid who throws the ball 105 miles an hour, okay.
You get to see him and enjoy it, but it's like, I don't know.
I mean, after you were in the same boat as Howard Stern.
Yeah.
And so I would like to see you to have that opportunity at the rest of the people in the country.
My lawyer can't get it done.
Okay.
He's too busy with marijuana laws and with certain local wacky people.
He just, he's just got too many first of fry.
I can't get it done.
Yeah.
I for one, I'm going to call up without that of my call matters.
Or I'm going to call up who he is today.
I'm going to call him up in New York.
I'm going to call him up and just say.
What do we got like a busy chain going here this morning?
Where did this all come from?
I really think that the radio station like QAM, I've said this before.
I talked to another one of the other guys.
I think they might be on their way out.
After Howard Stern goes, they would put everything in Howard Stern.
After he goes, these other guys are going to start going.
And they might lose the dolphin.
And they're all arriving you.
They're going to take the last minute of standing.
You can be like that movie where the guy was taking a grave in the war.
You have a shotgun shooting down there.
Shoot it for you.
Careful.
Okay, Pat, I have a great day.
Good luck to me.
Okay. Well, I didn't realize I was in such bad shape.
This is great.
Listen, if you choke up there, all we can do is listen to you.
I just gagging on it.
They must have like a, some kind of a daisy-king going here, the serious people.
You know, you don't know how to call.
You don't know how to talk to, okay?
I still don't have any ink on the paper yet.
You know who you could call.
But they didn't do it.
He's been emailing them and letting them know where you're getting close to making another deal.
And we knew it in the Audi, Audi, Audi, and this and that.
They're just, you know, they're like in a state of suspended animation or whatever.
Who now knows what their deal is?
I don't see other than Stern.
I don't see any great talent they got lined up for there.
With Mel Carmus and all this other crap.
Oh, they built this studio in LA.
They did this.
Oh, that's great.
So they have it in a nice studio.
The audience doesn't see the studio.
And no matter what reminds me of it, IOD.
When our engineer was so concerned about the clock on the wall,
and the fact that it was going to mess up the brand new beautiful studio,
and I kept trying to tell these people, the audience doesn't see the studio.
You could be doing a show from a toilet.
Like, as long as the show is good and it's entertaining,
the audience only knows what comes over that speaker in their radio.
They don't see where you're broadcasting from.
It's just like wherever they're sitting right now.
What differences does that make?
So in fact, they got beautiful studios.
They got Mel Carmus and well, that's wonderful.
That in 40 cents will buy about a third of a cup of coffee.
Okay, Wolfies, if they open up again.
But hey, let's get a whole bunch more calls like that.
And that's very entertaining.
5.670.560.560 under Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
I thought they'd all be counted like Rubin.
Oh, how about that?
That Alpen's really kicked your team.
Yeah, right.
We let him off the hook.
And like I said, if you can't close the, can't close it out,
you let the other guys hang around.
Everyone had to bite something hits you in the ass.
And what the hell was Brady doing throwing at baller?
What are you doing there, Tom?
And maybe, you know, El Michael said a good comment for once,
besides the ball, the ball.
He threw the ball.
He had a good voice.
And even Tom Brady is not perfect.
Now, he looks kind of perfect to me, although I've never seen all of it.
But nevertheless, he looks pretty perfect to me.
But he's not perfect.
Guys make mistakes.
Guys make dumb plays.
Even the best of them.
Look at George.
Right.
WQA, hello.
You're through the ball.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to talk about this serious thing and Howard and everything.
Yeah, go ahead.
Oh, still?
It sounds like me.
Yeah, get Tom's buck wall.
Phil has them, Howard has them.
Can't really do that normally.
What do you think?
Everybody that loves you down here.
He wants you to get even bigger.
And you can hear with that piece of crap agent that you have.
You're right.
He's a loser, man.
Yeah, get buck wall.
And then you can go to stupid baseball games and baseball cards.
Yeah, we want you to be bigger.
Yeah.
I was a little more bigger.
I'll tell you that.
I'll eat a little more.
Yeah.
I mean, that kind of bigger.
Well, we'll pull up for you.
Get rid of that guy.
He's holding it back.
You're right.
He is the impediment of my existence.
You're right.
Thanks, pal.
I haven't read a holiday.
Whatever you're celebrating.
He's right.
He's holding me back.
You're an impediment of my life.
And now he's like, oh, well, you know, I know you're going to give me a summary.
He's already getting some cash off of them, you know, for this new deal that supposedly we're doing.
And then he's like trying to siphon off of me, too.
Makes up this crap about how every time we signed a deal.
I can, you know, we'll see about that.
Patten himself on the back for the phenomenal job he did that it took about 75 meetings to even get these people to sit down at that sushi place.
And agree to a deal.
Now, you're these people are right.
But I'm dealing with a guy who's just living in the little leagues.
You know, his thing is fantasy baseball.
It's a fantasy agent.
I was in such a good mood this morning.
I'm getting out here after a day, but I'm a nice long eight or nine day holiday.
And these people are like, oh, gee, I don't think I'm doing so bad quite frankly.
I'm looking at my portfolio.
I'm stashing their way like it's going out of style, man.
Things are doing pretty well for my life.
I feel great.
I do the show here.
I do it there.
Where the hell I feel like it.
You know, life is pretty good.
That'll teach you to take calls.
Yeah, no, I'm loving this.
I made it all do this all day.
I'm just telling hell with the lend a car, loud the hell with the pool.
I just said here, take all these calls.
Tell me how poorly I'm doing now.
We all watch it to be big.
Yeah, well, that ain't going to happen.
Okay.
What are you going to be successful?
Yeah, exactly.
What are you going to start making some bucks?
And what is the kind of like?
I don't see anything in the newspaper.
I've been checking a hero of the sunset.
I'm not seeing anything in there.
Neal Rogers resigns with QA and for two more years.
I don't see anything about that.
When you think that somebody would have said something,
I'm not into big news.
It's not like steering going to serious,
which is a revolutionary change for the whole business.
But I mean, it's something of local interest you would think, right?
You see anything in there?
Not in CNN.
Of course I don't look.
No, these people are too busy playing little games.
We got too many game players there, like Clarence and like the Beast.
And all these other little silly children.
Children, not adults, not professional broadcasters.
Silly little children who want to play games
with the careers of people who have been doing this for a long time.
There's a smart kid.
And these people are trying to get me all whipped up into a frenzy.
About nothing because nothing is going to happen,
Sirius isn't putting me on.
XM isn't putting me on.
Norm Kent isn't giving the show syndicated.
I'm here on QYM and I'm not unhappy with that.
I don't have a problem with that.
At the age of 110.
But these people are informing me,
oh, every single call that I got problems, man.
I got serious problems.
Multi-parole with Amy.
What are the other people who research say?
I said, you better take a look.
I better go look in the mirror.
It's not a pretty picture.
I'll tell you that.
That much I know.
WCWAM, hello.
Leo, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Where is this?
Yeah, I forget about seriousness at a light.
What I want to know is how this man, this age, you know,
doesn't get you syndicated.
Because I hear all the time, who can replace Howard and that.
Doesn't the station make money if you're syndicated?
Or is that separately, or is that...
Well, it was here to still have the show on.
Of course, they would still make the same amount of money.
You bet.
I mean, I think that what everybody is trying to say,
I mean, you're making the big bucks, but it's not really about that.
It's like, if you know you...
Well, what do you think it's not about that?
What is it about?
Ego, I don't have any ego.
I'm one of the few people in this business, in show business,
in any form where you're saying, I don't have an ego.
I don't think that stuff rolls off my back.
I don't care about that.
Yeah, I've been looking this market for 30 years.
How can you have any ego left?
Absolutely.
I mean, you're being like this lady, George.
I mean, you can control what you say and everything.
And I hear everybody saying,
who's going to replace Howard Stern?
I bet that if you were, but for some reason,
to me put in Howard Stern's state today, he's on right now.
Nobody would miss Howard Stern.
None of you understand?
Well, let me say this to you.
I wouldn't do...
No matter for any amount of money.
This station offered me a lot more money to do mornings
when he gets finished to do six to ten.
I'm not getting up at 4.30 in the morning ever again in my life.
There's no money in the world that's screwing up my whole life for that.
Absolutely.
Well, good luck to you.
Absolutely.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
All right, man.
Okay.
Everybody's pounding...
I don't know where did this come from.
I don't know.
Just write it.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Tom Brady said...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom 5, 60, on a Verizon singular.
This is special today.
We got those trends coming out of 11.30.
We're going to kick some serious ass.
Howard Stern, Neil Rogers, Jim Manage, Hank Goldberg.
We're going to kick big UCS.
And I don't even know what's going on with the other people on this station.
Where did this all come from?
This has got to be a setup.
This has got to be.
I mean, this is just like the thing with the Beast last week that they were trying to audition him to take your job.
This is another setup deal.
Maybe they're trying to talk me to not signing this deal.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I got it set up to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil!
Oh, great.
Neil, I've got six friends of mine.
Two living in France, one lives in London, one lives in Zurich.
And they want to listen to you over there.
That's brilliant.
So you've got to go on serious.
Well, what a serious isn't going to be on in France and London.
They can listen online right now on our website and he will in the world.
Yes, not going to be overseas.
Not online, you know?
Not anytime in the next ten years.
I guarantee you that.
I'll be pushing up these days before that happens.
So very, yeah.
Oh, God.
Okay, well, I'll take care of my phone.
I don't forget.
Get serious, okay?
Yeah, see you.
Okay.
That's a model for the 2005.
Get serious.
That's why I used to write all those stupid picture cards all of a sudden.
Get serious.
I said, I'll start writing, get serious.
This is a little variety, you know?
Just to be a little cutesy.
Get serious.
And here we are.
We're getting serious.
Not.
I mean, that's what this sounds like to me.
This sounds like a concerted effort.
Like, oh, can we like a last ditch, last minute effort to like talk me out of that whole deal.
I don't think that's going to happen.
You're not hard to find.
No.
My agent's really hard to find.
He's sitting home, shoveling food in his fat push.
I guarantee you that.
He's got his beeper number and his cell phone number.
His home number and his orifice number.
And his, you know, one away hotline number, whatever he's got going there.
His mirror one or a normal abnormal lines.
He's got it all going.
Oh, look at it.
There you go.
WQAM, serious line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wonder that week if Pokemon gets to watch the ball drop.
That was good.
I bet he gets to watch food drop every new year's eve for the last least five years anyway.
Watch the ball drop.
Miss, come on.
Yay.
Five, six, well, at least that was a little change of pace, a little relief from this other
madness that's going on here.
That's just going to cut scrap.
I'll get it there based on that first call.
That was so obvious.
That was like that fast we got that day about how the beast is such a breath of air.
Remember that Josh?
Yeah.
And that's Tony Faxon.
What did I say as soon as I read it?
I said, oh, this is an inside job.
This is a set up inside deal.
Yeah.
And then I come to find out that whole deal last week.
Miguel shows up to do Georgia's deal last week and sit down and show because that's why
I asked for it.
And all of a sudden on the same day that Miguel drives all the way in, well, here's the beast
just happy to show up.
Oh, well, I'm doing it.
The clearance told me to come here.
Yeah.
Well, tell the parents to blow it out his stupid ass.
Okay.
We're sick and tired of clearance.
Take him to the shrink.
See if they can shrink it.
Nobody, QA, I'm hello.
QA, I'm well, I'm victory parade line.
Hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to you.
Speaking.
Yeah.
Hey, I want to give you a fire report.
Okay.
I'm listening to a boy down the aisle there, a big dog.
And he's got Eric Reed on and he's frambling on about how the organization, the softened
organization got an attitude with him.
And Eric Reed goes, Joe, you got to remember they're listening.
Excellent.
True story.
True story, Neil.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
And don't forget speaking of it.
I'm listening.
He'll be on for a other man, Dr. Day, at two o'clock.
So you don't want to miss that.
Oh, I'll have to turn the dial off real quick.
Okay, good luck to you, Paley.
Thanks.
I need a lovely.
And don't forget.
I'm listening.
5670560, and Moe was on today for one of his rare guest appearances.
He might as well do something.
He's getting paid for sitting out.
I guarantee he's going to be just, oh, carrying on.
Well, that's another reason, if I had known that he was going to be on today.
I'd already been rooting extra hard for the patrons to see a baby up last night.
What a shame.
But, you know, it's one game, man.
It's still 12 and two.
It's like life goes on, not the end of the world.
Not looking good for the playoff picture.
It's not going to help any, but nevertheless, it's only a ball game, see?
Over here, that big storm that's coming up there.
I'm getting off easy here.
It's going to be Chicago and St. Louis.
I mean, by a Thursday, that's why I got to get there a lot of here, man.
By Thursday, it's going to be like the end of the world here.
That big storm is coming.
Not looking good for Thursday.
So George will be on tomorrow on Thursday for those of you who like him a lot.
And those of you who hate him like poison, that's too bad.
And then Friday, we got the beast on.
I don't know who's going to be doing two to four because Beast originally was going to be doing that.
Do we care?
No.
We don't care.
Maybe he'll be doing six hours.
Maybe that he could be doing, in fact, maybe he'll be the beast all Beast Friday.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Polly.
Very good.
I just wanted to throw my support behind George.
I love him.
I hate the beast.
He's a fast ploughed and goat dealer.
All right.
Oh, he was doing good.
We got to that last part.
I got news for him, Mr. and he, oh, I'm sure he knows this as a Steelers fan.
They're less couple of games.
They've just wiggled off the hook, too.
They played pretty crappy.
Just like the Eagles have played a couple of pretty crappy games in a row.
And so, you know, even the best of teams, it's not easy.
Just asked those 72 dolphins about going undefeated, right?
They're still winning, though.
Who's that?
The Steelers, yeah.
Steelers are the Eagles.
Yeah, but you got to win, man.
Did you see the Eagle game?
And of course, now that they got Torell Owens, he's out.
I'm sorry, Torell.
I see I can't figure it out.
He's out.
He's got like, I've got to have an operation on his ankle.
He's got the torrental ligaments.
He's got problems.
He's a finito for this season.
And so they got the serious problem.
They can be had, the Eagles.
But the Steelers right now are the best team in the league.
If anybody would argue with that, I would tell you, you're full of crap.
How do you like that?
Huh?
Being the sportsman, maybe not I am.
The Eagles, the Steelers are the best team in the league.
And you'll recall back in the day when they just pounded the crap out of the Patriots.
Yeah, remember that game?
I do.
Which up until last night with the Patriots on last of the season?
No more contemporary, man.
I mean, they just pounded the crap out of us.
Let's see.
We're going to do the new pool.
I guess I better do that.
Brenda Carlyle is defeated currently today.
She's an old bag.
She was born August 1758 in the Hollywood, California.
Ranked number 76 on VH1's greatest women of rock and roll.
Oh, man.
Several of her films, frequency 13 going on 30.
Got 30, man.
200 cigarettes, circulates, Romeo and Michelle's high school reunion, mannequin.
I remember mannequin.
You remember that?
Right, Kim Control.
Wasn't Andrew McCarthy in that movie?
I think he was.
Don't like Andrew McCarthy.
No, but I like him in the beginning.
But when he started hanging out with Rob Lowe and put on that phony, a dog and pony act,
fast times a rich man high.
She's had a baby swing shift.
She's got a long, long, she's been in about 80 million movies, okay?
And TV stuff and pop stars in their eyes.
And they go to the drama.
The go-go's at her singing career.
In an audience with the BG, she's been in all the company.
Brenda Carlyle, there she is.
She is.
Look at all that great on there.
What?
But I said Brenda.
Brenda, Brenda, a friend's called her Brenda and she used to get pissed off about it.
Anyway, there she is.
Brenda Carlyle.
Excuse me.
Here's our pool today.
And this is not that original.
Everybody's doing it, but it's that time of the year.
It's the first official day of winter.
The last two days were the coldest two days and 62 years in Toronto.
My luck couldn't get out of here a little.
The head of time would have been nice now.
Coldest two days and 62 years.
And I mean, I don't mean cold.
I mean, beyond.
And then I'm reading in a hair oldest morning,
oh, 35 degrees.
The poor homeless out there.
How about minus 35 Celsius, you idiots, and the homeless?
We got homeless like crazy here.
And their heads are like freezing to the sidewalk.
It's unbelievable.
It's criminal what goes on with a homeless in this town.
Hey, here's the pool for today.
And then we got the trends coming.
1130.
I think we got this thing.
Look, they don't have a whole bunch of people called.
Oh, gee, your agent flows.
Yeah, what is that?
That couldn't have been an accidental.
You know, the back guy called right off the bat.
And then all of a sudden we had these clothes.
So he's all calling in.
Wouldn't you have thought that somebody would have said,
oh, hey, it's really great that you're going to be around for
another four years now.
You know, you're just thinking.
Right.
Hey, I don't have to buy one of those little dealios now.
I got to be free.
Right.
I don't have to spend any extra money to listen to the radio.
And the entertainment is free and granted.
We got that Spanish music in the background.
And your management are a bunch of bozos.
But nevertheless, be nice to know that you're going to be on for
another four years of your stay alive.
Wouldn't that have been great?
Not one.
Not one half.
See, and that's our floor.
That's one of the reasons I don't want to be there.
Maybe more than I absolutely have to be.
Too many miserable people that want you to be just as unhappy as they are.
I'm happy, man.
I'm not the least bit unhappy.
I'm a happy camper.
Life is fine.
Life is sweet.
As Deepo would say, Beckley was killed in Indians.
What was the most important story of 2004 to you?
Got a whole list here, including two that I mentioned these two, I don't know.
Better change.
Better swish the poll on here on my thing.
Because I got the power, man.
Here we go.
Just swished.
Bush wins re-election.
Scott Peterson trial.
1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, multiple casualties.
We put a US base in Mosul.
At least 22 are dead 51 wounded Americans and Iraqi soldiers.
Another grotesque parade.
Una bomba grande again.
And it just goes on and on and bushes saying, oh, we're fine.
It's great.
Anyway, 1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq.
Red Sox win the World Series.
The hockey lockout.
That'll get a lot of votes.
Oh, yeah.
It's the often season of disaster.
And that's even after last night.
It lets face it.
3 in 11 is a disaster.
How it's turned signs with serious radio.
The O'Ride Resign is to your extension with QYM.
And then I also got, when you get these other two, we'll read them out.
Janet Jackson, Boobflap.
We've got it now.
And four hurricanes in Florida.
Aye.
Okay.
I mean, I'm sure there must be some others, including in fact, AP has got their own thing.
The top stories of the past year.
Like Reagan dies.
You want to put some of these others on or not?
Some of you guys, I don't care.
Let them call it in.
If it's important to them.
Well, no, I'm saying we got the list here of the top 10 from AP.
From the AP.
And then we got the ones from Wegmans in the next hour.
And LaVos in the Anunaur.
What's Elbertsons?
The Game Marriage is not.
I mean, that's silly.
Arifad dies.
No, that's the...
The Abu Garret's game.
I think you're wrong about the game marriage thing.
I think that's...
I'll remember when the game marriage was...
What's the question?
Game Marriage, what?
The Game Marriage, how is it?
Well, what's our question?
Most important.
Okay, Game Marriage.
I guess that's the story.
Yeah, there it is.
Game Marriage.
Reagan dies.
You can put that on there.
And then they've got Russian school ceasier and Madrid bombings.
Neither of which are going to get any votes to mean...
And forget about those.
And I don't mean forget about them.
But they're not the...
They're no more content in our crowd.
Wouldn't you agree?
Yes.
I knew you were.
Yeah, I'm reading the facts here.
Huh?
I said I'm reading the facts and about the subject.
Oh.
Okay, 10.56 if you have our topic today is how Niels Agen sucks.
Niels is feeling really bad and it's a shame that after all these years
they show us so great.
He's got so many important things to say.
And if he would have been on Nationwide in the last election,
Bush wouldn't have had a chance to steal it.
And I think you're right about that.
But all those other people that promised they were going to carry elected
and they're too busy wearing about the same old crap.
That's what bugs me.
That's the only thing that would be nice is to be able to make a little impact.
To have like a million people every day looking at our fine website
that so many people so much work into, like Josh.
Oh, I'm Eric.
And, right?
Right.
No, seriously, it would be nice.
But we just don't have the power to people behind me.
I got, you know, Stern has got Mel Carmus in that he had now again,
it's serious and buck walled and all these people.
And I got Norma, you know, who's the silly person who means well.
I mean, means very well.
Bless her soul.
But she just over her head.
She's drowning in a sea of little weakness.
You know, keep in mind that her radio experience was on the light bulb.
And that Saturday morning showed that she wants me to keep plugging out
in some station and nobody even knows where it is on the dollar.
What the conglomerate is there?
That's where she, that's her concept of the business, you know.
Pop that janko.
Yeah, look what I got.
Very good.
I've actually been a beast when it come up with that.
1057, if oh, you just wait till the last show that I do, man.
You just wait.
I don't know when that's going to be, but you just wait.
That's going to be one for the Smith-Sawian Institute for Archives.
I'll wait.
The holiday season is here.
Any shrunk knows that.
And the people at Armstrong, Fortohomes,
they want to thank all their loyal customers for their business and trust.
Everybody with a brain knows that Ford makes great vehicles,
so to be competitive Armstrong Ford realizes they need to offer more value,
because you can buy Ford's in a whole lot of places.
So Armstrong was the first Ford dealer off of your tires and batteries for life,
plus a Florida sun pass with each vehicle you buy.
Vice President and General Mangler, David Rich and the gang,
also want me to remind you that Armstrong Ford always has highly competitive prices,
man, you can't beat their deals.
You can drive away in a brand new 2005 F-150 right now at Armstrong Ford
for just $13,938, or a brand new expedition for only $24,190.
Great prices added value in friendly service.
That's the Armstrong difference.
When you're ready for a new vehicle, come to the event that treats you just like family.
Armstrong, Fortohomes did, Southwest 307 Street,
and U.S. One exit, a Campbell Drive off the turnpike.
Prices and food, all factory rebates and discounts with a Proof Credit Plus tax tag and fees.
Happy holidays from the great folks at Armstrong, Fortohomes did.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Fork Sausage,
with a few words about new Timmy Dean's vehicle sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean.
You know, as someone who told me 25 years ago that I'd been making vehicles,
I'd have said, huh? That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it.
You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels.
With a big old Greece's slab of Timmy Dean Fork Sausage, Johnny.
New Timmy Dean non-coachier bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them.
You just can't eat them.
New Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches.
There's a little bit of bigot in everybody.
It's $11.02 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy holidays to you.
Is that too generic for any of the people out there, whether they're Jews or Goyim or whatever you are,
at too bad?
Happy holidays to you, Trevor Dulles.
It's a nice, it's a pleasant thing to say, you know?
Right.
And it's considered because just like some of the Christmas cards,
you've seen some of the stuff that these crazy banter Timmy.
Oh, oh, dude.
Oh, and in Jesus' name, we wish you a blessed holiday.
And you know, they know that I don't believe any of this crap.
It's like a slap in a face.
What's that?
It's like what Pilar is doing to everybody inside on passons lately.
Slap it and give it to everybody.
They're being slapped in a face.
And if it ain't Pilar doing it, it's Gwen is knocking Teresa into the bushes there.
Triller trash Theresa.
That's a great show.
Too bad that nobody watches it.
At least in this crowd.
You know who watches passons besides women?
I call it students.
Very big.
Very big.
Now college students don't listen to this show, but that's beside the...
Yeah, that's you event.
That's the college that we got.
What are you going to do?
Now this, thanks that you sent me, the Transylvania 1130 by the way,
that's two thirds of the fall rating book for those who keep track of the new net for years,
and it kills them good time.
This is from the chronic encoco, and as I stop and think about it,
he has got to be the most chronic factor of all.
Not a bad guy, I'm sure, but the most chronic.
This writing is so...
You know what I mean?
Right.
Yeah, he's chronic, but that's all right.
He's a good guy, but I'm just saying he's chronic, although he has had a couple of cranky
faxes over the years.
He says, high-neil, I'll defend it, but that's your right to work when and where you want,
or retire for that matter.
Retire!
Retire!
However, as a lawyer and a patriot who fears for the future of my country,
I desperately want your unique mixture of humor and real moral values,
moral values pouring into purple states like Ohio, Iowa, Nevada, and New Mexico
for the next four years, the purple states.
See, the one good thing about this deal is it keeps me on here, at least through the 2008 election, right?
Of course, nobody's going to be here, and me except the same folks in South Florida
who all vote for the Democrat anyway, and most of my audience.
Please do me, you Michael Moore in your country of favor.
Boy, talk about people.
See, this deal with this reminds me of her.
People are going to carry it away with themselves and really take themselves too importantly.
One lesson I want to give all the young people who might be out of school listening,
don't ever take yourself too seriously, okay?
Don't get into this syndrome where you think you're going to change the world.
It's one thing to be altruistic and to try to do some good during the course of your lifetime.
But the more you're around, the more you realize that you're swimming upstream,
just like poor Howard Dean.
Anyway, it says, make sure your new QN contract has a provision allowing other entities
outside South Florida to pick up and re-broadcast your internet stream.
Hey, we got an attribute just getting our internet stream on here
when some jackass and they're finally decided to open a pot in the building, right?
Right.
The language plus the fact they hate our website like poison they resented
because of the fact they're jealous the QN website gets in about two years
they get what we get in one day and in terms of response.
The language should allow you to decide which entities get access
and what fees if any they will pay you for it.
If it also guaranteed QN a percentage, say 10% for any such fee received.
This approach is painless for you and QN and leaves open a possibility
that the great unwashed masses will finally get to hear you
and maybe even wake up while we still have a country.
Who knows, Sauros and Moore may buy a fond of a cable channel
to reach millions or a serious mass slow in popularity.
Don't foreclose your chance to be a part of it says the chronic encoco.
What does that mean?
foreclose my chance.
Just like Solotso said, you know, these people they had their chance, right?
Right.
I am the hunted one.
Nothing had their chance.
I mean, you know, I don't see, I don't like to do a business with people with dilly dally.
You know me, I go to buy a new car.
When I buy a car, I do it over the phone.
How do you like that?
Do you believe that?
Sure. What is it?
It's a true story.
I talk to my friend, Greg Nelson, and I want a new Corvette.
And tell him what I want and there it is.
And they bring it right to the house.
I sign the papers and have it I stay.
And if necessary, he's a little sick.
And goodbye, I have a great life.
He shows you a little color chart right there on the phone.
Right. That's right.
I don't know what are these people that likes to make it.
Like when you go into a store, the haggling people.
Oh, brother.
Oh, oh, oh.
You're talking about the Canadians, the French Canadians.
No, just Canadian regular.
I got a friend here that went to the store when I bought my TV.
My Samsung 46-inch, I still love very much.
And that came last night.
The picture was so crystal clear, man.
You could have reached in there and patted Tommy on the head and said,
okay, Tommy, bad play.
But next week, it'll be a different story, you know, whatever you want to say.
Although next week, they got the tough game against the jazz.
That was not a fortuitous time for the Patriots to choke in the gag and blow it out.
Like, game last night, you know what?
Well, maybe it was though.
Why is that? Maybe you wake them up, you mean?
Yeah, I mean, they do think they were very often.
I do think they were looking past that that came last night.
And despite all their comment about the dolphins, great defense.
And so I think they were looking past because defensively,
and on the special teams, that's just a 72-yard part return.
But every time, every time the Patriots kicked off or punted,
man, the dolphins had a big return.
They couldn't tackle anybody.
They were their heads were into that game.
That defense, I watched every game they played.
And they just said they weren't into it.
In the last two minutes, it was like, well, you know,
we just can't get the job done.
I don't know what it was.
But, you know, in sports no matter what, there's a lot of so long season.
Nobody's going to be great every week, except to course certain people on QAM,
With all those Super Bowl rings, right?
Right.
Rings and things.
That's what we get learned some time, rings and things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, I have no idea what's going on here today.
This is just out of the blue.
I mean, it's very flattering.
It's very nice.
Oh, we want the best for you.
And we want you to like to be a big set.
Why?
Well, what difference does it make?
What they're damn, they're held back on convincing me that I'm not happy.
They sound like the management of QAM there.
Maybe it's a conspiracy.
Maybe they, these put up calls are coming from inside the building.
Here's line nine.
This ought to change the whole tone.
QAM, hello.
And the dolphins.
And the one color.
That's the end of the video.
Line nine always bail us out.
Just keep that in mind for future reference.
When you're filling in for the beast.
Right.
WQAM, hello.
I'm happy if you're happy, but I'm shocked.
I don't, I don't, I don't, I saw some daylight here that you were going to satellite.
And we could hear the New Yorker's show on censored.
I really did.
That would be nice.
I just, I, and then you choked around a little bit.
You were talking around.
There were some discussions going on.
I thought something might happen, but now this can't get it done.
He's just, you know, how far did it go?
You can talk about it.
I'm happy for my face to my ass.
I would say is about how far it went.
No.
It didn't as far as it went.
Well, there were never any number, there were any dollars discussed.
No, there was never any offer made.
What, what, what then what happened?
Nothing.
I'm making a pardon.
It sounded like he didn't even talk.
No, no, he talked to them because I know the names of the people that I, we recounted the conversations.
There were several conversations that took place, but I think the fact that I still had two years left on this deal,
if this deal would have been ended like the end of this month, I think I'd be on her January 1.
Well, can you see the F-word a couple times?
Yeah.
Okay, during the break, I'll say it several times of that.
Do it.
Just to make it, and I'll come on.
Oh, brother.
Just when you think you got life to get out and then these people come along, you know?
That's right.
That's right, don't.
I think maybe the problem is I sound too happy that I'm in too good of a mood because I'm getting ready to go on vacation as soon as this thing is over too long today.
You know the problem is, oh, what was me?
The Patriots flew the game last night.
What am I going to do?
Nobody wants me.
Huh?
Maybe that sounds better.
Whoa.
Oh, what was, yeah, what was me?
It's 11 after 11 at 5, 60, WQM.
We got Moe rhymes with whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, how are David?
What was us?
We got Gildi DeMiro in there.
The big O-on.
Mandate is about a seven year vacation now.
He just overworked.
In fact, I think a lot of people would like hearing him today, although I'm sure Moe will fill the breach in terms of glowing, waxing euphoric over last night's miracle, dolphin victory.
The Humprad IV, and then we got Gildi at the Smokybones implantation at 7 followed by the amazing 80K attend tonight.
He'll Roger.
Tired of eating wholesome homemade tasting cookies and snacks?
Then why not try something a little less wholesome?
Well, I should eat it.
A whole lot less wholesome, right?
Whoa!
Introducing Leopard's Farm's fine family of diseased meaty trees.
Hmm.
Leopardy.
And leopard's farm every treat is fresh from our leopard colony on the island of Borobora.
Hey, open up another box of lady finger.
Ah, sounds like a good idea.
And just wait till you try our tasty ear clays, delicious chocolate lip cookies, and the classic leopard farm that'll send with you.
Right.
You say I'm a truly fat to point.
It's your nose, young fella.
Next time you're at the store, pick up leopard farms special recipe, tongue house cookies.
So, the cookie that tastes your back.
Right.
Cross the cookies, would you?
Whoa!
Thanks.
Yep.
No doubt about it.
Leopard farms, dismember.
Oh!
1116 at 560 WQM.
It's morbid Tuesday, man.
I thought it was going to be a pleasant day, but everybody's, maybe it's the first day of winter.
That's what it is.
Everybody's out about that.
Oh, Neil, gee, you're getting a bad mistake.
Why don't you know what I haven't sent anything yet?
Let's take a poll on that.
Wait till you hear this.
I'm not going to read the whole thing much too long.
I'm not reading any long articles today.
Not on this day before vacation.
I'll let you do it next two days.
You let the beast do it on Friday.
You're going to read a whole lot of intellectual crap.
Probably about the U.M.
Smoking gun.
President authorized the torture red.
Abu Gharr, FBI email says.
This is disgusting or what?
How come we didn't hear about this before the election?
Shut up, tell me.
Repeated references in an internal FBI email suggest that the president issued a special order
to permit some of the more objectionable torture techniques used at Abu Gharr and other U.S.
or on prison facilities around Iraq.
The email was among a new batch of FBI documents revealed by civil rights advocates on Monday.
Other documents described the initiation of investigations into alleged incidents of torture.
And rape at detention facilities in Iraq.
The email which was obtained by the ACLU represents the first hard evidence directly connecting the.
Abu Gharr, prison scandal and the White House.
The author of the email whose name is blanked out for whose title is described as.
On scene commander Baghdad contains ten explicit mentions of an executive order that the author said mandated U.S. military personnel
that were engaged in extraordinary interrogation tactics.
An executive order is a presidential either, sometimes public, sometimes secret,
instituting special laws or instructions that override or complement existing legislation.
The White House is officially neither admitted nor denied that the president issued an executive order
pertaining to injury and interrogation technique.
Abu Gharr, whatever that word is.
Interpretation.
I do like that.
The whole story of the on our website, that's for tomorrow.
Said you all bunch of stuff for tomorrow already, Josh.
Just to give it to myself.
Great.
Well, no, that way I figured maybe it'll be on by Friday.
Well, you're having issues, you know.
Josh is having some issues with his internet provider.
Yeah.
I already did a pit that are called me back by the way.
Yeah.
Gotta get that straightened up.
But I'll leave that up to you because I'm not gonna pay attention.
Let's see, here's the fact that it says Uncle Nell's, what are really kissing ass today?
I would like to assure that Neil God will always be number one with me.
As far as Howard Spurm is concerned, I enjoy his e-show and from time to time listen to some of his radio show.
As far as you're concerned, if you can join Howard on satellite, I would absolutely pay for it without question.
But at least get syndicated.
At least.
As far as how you handle your business, I was raised in New York from my father told me to respect a handshake.
Unfortunately, the modern business world respects nothing but a high-powered animal for an attorney agent.
Even if your attorney friend Norma has naked pictures of you dump him, he blows.
And why wouldn't you?
I know he blows.
I want everyone in the world to know what we have known for years.
There is nobody better.
I'm sorry to say that.
No, this is no suck job.
The station you're on stands for nothing.
Wow.
They don't appreciate you.
Well, I know that.
They certainly don't deserve you.
I definitely don't want you off the air even for one day.
But I think that my, this just goes on and on.
My biggest reason is that if anyone on this planet doesn't have to take crap, it should be you and even little George.
Don't settle.
Please take a stand for all of us working schleps and kick some ass.
If anything, sign year to year until you do get syndicated, Neil got it.
Wow.
It's going to play music behind that.
Yeah.
If you had like a drum roll or something big, something dramatic.
Man.
And here I thought everything was going just fine.
You know.
Well, we're fine.
It's called setting your standards too low, man.
Setting your sights too low.
Shoot for the moon.
Right.
Don't sell yourself short.
Well, that's already happened.
But I think the motto has to be shoot for the.
Taco or for the moon, right.
And Norma Kent, he's like, you know, like I said, operate and a little league.
You know, everything's like, yeah, little, you know, like minor leagues, little league baseball.
Gay softball league stuff like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's his specialty.
Think that things that he can relate to.
So now I'm getting like, I think I'm getting sick.
I'm getting a sore throat.
All of a sudden that I don't want to do that.
Got like a lump in my throat from this.
Then you won't be working tomorrow.
Regardless, I don't want to be sick during my vacation.
It's the worst thing could happen.
Then maybe I'll take a couple of extra weeks.
And we can have the beast on filling in for George.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Sally.
Yes, Sally, how you doing?
Hey, that's Leonard.
That was a nice work job.
That was all true though.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I tried calling you a bunch of times when you're on the Godfather.
Can I, can you put the Godfather music on it?
Can I ask you a question about it?
I can do whatever you like, man.
Whatever makes you happy.
I can find it in him.
Think just a minute.
Okay.
Oh, there it is.
Just a second.
Here it is.
All right.
It's in the Godfather's heart one.
When Michael hit the hospital and the baker guy showed up, the guy's anvil.
Angel, the baker.
Before your father.
Before your father, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll take a take a for your father.
Right.
And he answers it after the, uh, wrist man, we and, uh, and he's now the baker guy.
I was trying to light a cigarette.
Michael takes his lighter from him and light the cigarette.
And then he gives that lighter some kind of a funny rug.
And he ends up acting like that was a negative of something like, like a trade-orship or something.
Did you feel that a part of the movie or is that just, uh, Michael Rosley, man?
I think you're doing too many bad mushrooms.
No!
I don't remember anything unusual about the lighter.
I remember the scene.
We're standing on the steps of the hospital and the, put your hand in your coat like you have a gun.
And they drove by and stopped and they looked and all of a sudden they took off again.
And then his hand is shaking as he's trying to light the, uh, a bag of the cigarette.
Right.
But then Michael made this, had this look, he looked down at the lighter and then looked back up like he was reflecting on a memory of something and then gave the lighter back to him.
I'm sorry for the opportunity.
I'll have to watch it again this weekend just to figure it out.
Alright.
Okay.
You too, Hallie.
Alright, bye.
I'm even urge.
I had my chance.
I am not.
See Godfather, the original one.
I always say Godfather one and then they get one guy to solve.
So there is no Godfather one.
Well, you have to differentiate because there's three different movies.
Okay.
The first Godfather, the original, uh, every, every actor, every actress, even the people with the bit parts.
They were all spectacled.
That's what differentiated one and two so much from three is that unfortunately when it became a financial issue.
You know, when they started like cutting corners, one was cut back on a, on a fence.
Uh, they cut corners and they cost them a lot of money.
That could have been big.
Godfather three could have been sensational without Eli Wallick, without George Hamilton, and certainly without Sophia Dez.
Oh, okay.
I mean, that could have been pretty good.
And even Andy Garcia could have lived without it.
I'm not the big fan of his.
Even before he stood in the street there outside, alienitos, uh, make believe house.
Oh, great.
It on that movie's curvy was the best.
He was the best in that movie.
No, no, no, Alpacito.
Maybe they should fear you.
Yeah.
Somebody QA and hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir, speaking.
I feel like Howard Beale.
I've been calling for the last three segments trying to get through.
Okay.
Because I'm in the middle of it.
Oh, I'm in the middle of it.
Oh, thank you, sir.
Go ahead.
Uh, honestly, the reason I'm calling is because I think I can sum up why everybody's saying what they're saying today about you and serious.
Yes.
And it's because, you know, Howard fits the niche for the juveniles when it comes to, you know, juvenile humor and things like that.
And that's great.
He's got a great audience.
But to be honest with you, you couple, what most people think in your audience with comedy and or humor and breaking up the day because we all have crappy jobs and we do our lives and we listen to you to try to get through it.
And honestly, I think it would help the democratic cause if you were syndicated.
So I affirmly agree you should fire a normal camp.
Yeah.
And because we need, we need you out there more.
I think we need a war time constediary.
What do you think?
I think encroaching and down calling on I will leave you now because I know you're busy.
Okay.
Thanks, Scott.
Okay.
Was that a look or how it would be?
Maybe it was like a skinnier look.
Here's the way the pool is coming so far.
We got those trends coming in just a few minutes.
Who's going to be bringing those in?
Duff, I hope certainly not clearance.
Clarence isn't allowed in that studio anymore.
Unless he is with the beast hand in hand.
Look at that.
That's a sign of shine in boys and girls.
I think it's going to get up to maybe 32 today.
I do like that.
Like I said, all these silly pansies there.
Oh, it's you.
It was down to 35 or 40 last night.
Yeah.
Poor babies, man.
Poor babies.
Oh, look at that.
It's only minus three of 26 right now.
I'm getting carried away.
But it's going to be up to like one today, 34.
Aren't you excited?
I'm thrilled.
Aren't you real happy for me?
That's why I'm getting hot out of here real fat out.
Anyway, what was the most important story of 2004 to you?
147 votes on there.
1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq 46.
Bush wins re-election 36.
Neo-Rod your signs two years since you were QM24.
It's not signed yet.
Four hurricanes in Florida, 23.
Howard Stern signs with Sirius Radio 7.
Red sucks win a World Sirius 7.
Dolphin's season of the Zaster 3 in Spital Last Night,
which took a little bit of the sting in the stink off,
but still a disaster of three.
Hockey like out one.
That's probably who that probably was.
Yeah.
Game marriage, Reagan dies.
Genetics and booby flam and Scott Peterson trial.
All of got the big.
Oh!
You are listening to Neil Roger Bitt,
who lives goodly on 516.
You're all on it.
But one man trapped in a strange world
must defend his honor, his woman,
and also that weird cult thing he used to.
No one else was on a nut.
He was the strangest man he's ever lived.
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist.
It's as legitimate as any other major religion, only for sure.
The last Scientologist, if you call him gay,
you'll sue you for $100 million.
But if you call his religion crazy,
he'll cut you in half,
lengthwise, with a four foot samurai sword.
Call him so he can do it,
spell and preach your penalty,
roll me, and if not...
He's even willing to die for Dionynics.
He is the last Scientologist.
What do you want from me?
I mean, besides my fame, my fortunes,
complete control of my life, and oh yes, my soul.
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist.
Unless you count John Travolta,
Janet Elfman, and a few other gullible Hollywood airheads.
The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind
in a theater near you.
Okay, it's 29-9-9-560.
Let's see, Alive, which is also an approximate is the drug.
Can self-believe is the brand name?
Okay.
It's the latest pain reliever to get the Kabash now.
The celibrex,
a phycis is, oh yeah, we're not gonna advertise anymore,
which is a lie,
because I saw an ad for it last night.
I think during the football game or somewhere.
We're not gonna advertise anymore,
but we still got to get our money out of it,
is what they're saying.
They had that big investment,
and so they're gonna kill a bunch of people.
So you got your viox,
your celibrex, and now Alive,
which are now linked to heart disease,
and stroke is what they're saying.
Oh my God.
I don't use it.
Because the FDA and the government really care about you.
Not all they care about are the big pharmaceutical companies
and helping them make all the money they can.
You know what it really makes me?
I was sitting here this morning thinking about our good friends at Bayer,
you know, and about Amtrak.
Yeah, that's Cypherothin.
That's when they were having real problems in Europe, especially.
They were getting their ass sued over some damn drug.
I forget which drug was back then.
And they really need some cash flow.
And all of a sudden we started getting these letters with Amtrak showing up.
Everybody in their brother was popping Cypherothin,
buying up Cypherothin.
I sure do.
Did they ever find a guy who sent those letters with the Amtrak?
And it now.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
They're still dying.
Didn't they convict him and put that in?
Well, they got a person of interest.
No, they just ruined his life and cost him his job.
And they didn't have any evidence and didn't convict anybody.
Amtrak.
A person of interest.
You know how that is?
Right.
Okay, now one of those trends is gonna start coming in, baby.
Here, this is gonna be huge.
I always say that, don't I?
Well, they're always, each one is the huge one, the other one.
I'm starting to have second thoughts about this deal.
56670560, pound 560 on a horizon and singular wireless line.
I think we are going to flip this much grief on them as they have on us.
Oh, God.
We don't have enough, enough years to do that.
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey, now what's up?
How are you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
The significance of the letter is all that crazy as far as I got to listen to it with the memories and all that.
Just end those hands and just shake with shaking with crazy.
Right.
And then when Michael put the letter from him, he realized that his hands weren't shaking.
That maybe he had a stomach for it.
You know?
I see.
I see.
Yeah, that's true.
He's got a hundred basics.
I think he made it somewhere on it.
All right.
Bye, fellas.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Yes, he might go to the first day, he made the bed.
That's where your perspication is in.
I never wanted to realize that.
That's very good.
What?
Got to rewatch it.
Yeah, something like that.
Well, at least I hadn't seen it anywhere.
Yeah, I was going to go with one.
He came from this military, he had a war hero, and he was like a good other family.
He was a clean buddy.
Boy and all of a sudden, now all of a sudden, when he started, came home and got involved in a family business,
and then he realized more and more that he was the heir apparent.
Because they came after his dad, he had to step up.
Right.
He had to step up to the plate like they say.
Step up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, I hit a fast machine run.
That's not numbers, is it?
No.
Oh.
Well, no time in we're going to get like a stalwarting today.
It's supposed to be 11, 30 this morning.
This is September, October, November, which we had that huge October.
Stirring went through the roof.
We went way through the roof, and all the way to the moon, as a matter of fact.
What does it say?
Oh, geez.
It says, I'm a 27-year-old south-level lady, and hip-hop loving punk.
I grew up listening to you in my mom's car on days like this with no school.
I listened daily, and agreed with more than a half year crap.
Well, that's not bad, more than half a my crap.
To me, you are more talented than anyone on the dial.
Well, that's true.
And I do listen to Howard.
I agree that more people should hear you before we all die.
People deserve to hear a voice like you're a speak-soed, do it.
Harry, do know, what does it say?
Do know harming, whatever that says.
Oh, happy to know harm.
Harmonica.
Oh, I can't read it.
Harmonica.
Oh, great.
Thanks a lot, happy whatever your name is.
I got an happy or monica to you, too.
What do you got?
12 plus, you want the end?
Nothing, just 12 plus, you want the end.
Well, okay, but what does it look like?
Who gave it to you?
Clarence.
Clarence Darrow.
Right.
Came into our studio.
He's the program director, man.
I don't give a crap what is title is, man.
I got a title form.
And what did he say?
He said, uh, mumble mumble something out of the...
Oh, what is it?
I don't know.
I was listening to you.
Mumble mumble.
Did that something like the other ones are coming right out?
Something like the beast is going to have your job before the end of the year.
And it's already 20th, right?
So, second, yeah.
25th.
29th.
Where what?
25th to 29th.
13th to 14th.
Great.
That's 6th to 10am.
Yeah, what about 10 to 3?
10am to 3pm.
Peeling through the pages as fast as I can here.
Yeah, peel this.
A banana.
35 to 35 flat.
Time for 11th to time for 11th.
12 plus.
12 plus.
12 minus.
Yeah.
After looking.
After noons.
Three to seven.
Yeah, already.
Where is it?
Well, you know, you got to turn a lot of pages together.
Yeah.
Three to a two to from 18th to 21.
Well, 12 plus in me.
12 plus.
Well, the audience didn't understand these ratings.
12 plus means everybody from the age of 12 to 200.
We want those men 25 to 54 is what we want.
Many 18 to 49.
Well, you know, us are looking for many 18 to 24, but that's another story.
I bring a pardon.
Huh?
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on a variety of Singular wireless lines.
In other words, those don't really mean too much.
It looks flat.
Well, that's, but don't forget.
We're going to lose that awful September.
We're going to be dropping at the disaster.
That was the end of the world's September with all those hurricanes.
I think they distributed like four diaries and all of them were like the trailer parks.
What was the most important story of 2040?
You was our poll question.
180 votes.
Here's what we got.
1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq 56.
Bush wins reelection 44.
Four hurricanes in Florida.
31.
Neil Rogers signs two.
You're extension with UN28.
Red sucks went to World Series 8.
Howard Cernstein signs with Sirius 7.
Dolphin season of disaster only three.
Reagan dies one hockey lockout.
One Scott Peterson trial one.
Game marriage in Janet Jackson.
Ruby flat.
Nobody.
How do you like that?
All the craft that we have to take over that like half a second of a flesh.
In the meantime, there's nobody who gives a crap about that.
Nobody except Michael Powell and a bunch of other crazy people on the FCC.
And Joyce, that's another thing that I don't rejoice about too much.
It's the fact that we have to take an extra pound of flesh out of all of our ass because Joyce is so...
Whatever the FCC is, wherever they are in terms of restriction,
she's like a thousand light years beyond them in terms of not letting us do anything.
Right?
There's no question.
Absolutely.
Oh, you can't play the start sound.
We can play one in a promo or you home all but we can't play it on the air.
Oh, I see Joyce, where's the reaction offered?
Oh, don't mess with us, we're corporate.
We're corporate.
Yes, see, I think that's one thing we're forgetting.
Why is anything going to change?
Is anything going to change?
No.
I mean, the fact that Clarencer is still trying to stick the beast up both of our ass.
I mean, I'm not so confident that anything's going to change for these people.
They refuse to get it.
W.C.Y.
And hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, remember the cheese sandwich with the vision of the version?
Sure, absolutely.
You bet.
Last night I took the most pleasant dump with the cheese.
Okay, great.
I'm happy to hear it.
I bet it looked like Maddie Bell.
5.670560, Tom 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
There's a guy that's got Jesus in his bowl or maybe Joe Cephas.
That'd be a QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
I've been listening to about 25 years.
I think the thing is, I'm about two months ago, I watched the Godfather or Good Balance on
USA.
It's a great show.
I still watched it.
But it loses the effect without the whole thing.
I'm saying I think that's like your show.
If you could be more free to say what you want when you want to say it.
I think the show would be even better.
Well, there's no question about that.
We've had to give back a huge chunk of the stuff we can play on here.
Any more of my plus say almost anything.
That's true.
I'm not saying that you have to say the F-word, 952,000 times.
123 times would be good, yeah.
It's exactly.
Anyway, I have that.
Okay, pal, I have a great time.
Fat, fat, that's an F-word, fat.
5.670560, we're waiting with Bated Breath on something beside these 12 plus numbers.
I'll do it.
It's in sound, huh?
It's in sound to thrilling, but when you tell the other word, I'll do it.
Oh, you got them?
Are they any good?
I didn't look.
I just took them right in the fast machine.
You know, I didn't even look and see what they were.
Oh, this is a fact.
This is how it works.
Oh, it's a trick to take them with 34.
Why am I taxing these?
They're what?
Persons, 18 to 34.
I just pulled them back out of there.
Howard had Janko look what you've got.
You've got to go to the mattresses on this.
When it's your shot, imagine the nation of what does it say?
I don't know.
A nation of line 9s.
Fire Norma, it's not personal.
It's business.
Thanks, JWPS.
I say only happy holidays because it takes the Christ out of Christmas.
That's right.
We don't have to get too specific.
First of all, if you don't know, if you're talking like two religious people to each other,
well, Merry Christmas or whatever.
But when you're talking to people that you don't know what they believe,
or not, have a little bit of respect.
A little bit of power.
A little bit of respect.
Is that possible?
Are you crazy going out there?
We are Rogers, mornings and weeks,
and the north around the clock.
Through a crisis.
We are.
You, God.
And I've got a call from that ring.
Can we take glacey ass?
Though they will say it's so late, I need you to let go.
And I've got a seven-life-ish break.
And that ring is a very fun thing to you.
And it takes the man.
He is an angel that's mad.
The sexy dinosaur and his man is strong.
But his heart ever old, he ain't strong.
And it takes the man to say, we just love.
And maybe every fifty-four.
And the man is talking, feels it, or the fellow doctor is it.
And if there weren't bad businesses, would they have served?
Seeds into his soul.
But she missed his own.
The crappy tennis player and the best thing of it.
Had a truck in mind that was off-struck.
She can't win a match.
And he can't have that bad.
Maybe he can help the women tennis player.
Maybe he can't take his kids' things.
No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Lightfoot.
Really, you bet.
And now Gordon Lightfoot takes his best known song,
The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald,
and gift raps it around your favorite carols to create his new holiday album,
Gordon Lightfoot, St. Christmas.
You better watch out and you better not cry.
You better not cry.
You better not cry.
Yes, Gordon Lightfoot is coming to town with a sleigh load of songs like this.
You better stay your Christmas lights, you don't get me.
A poor thing, you better pay for it.
It's Gordon Lightfoot, St. Christmas.
And you'll want to beat him like a drum when you hear his rendition of the little drummer boy.
Who can make so many better of all,
I'm proud of my new boy in Kansas City,
Who's proud of all, I'm proud of him.
Gordon Lightfoot has compiled the holiday music collection,
You'll wish with St. to the bottom of Lake Superior.
I'm proud of all, I'm proud of my new boy.
Your friends and family will pray for a silent night
when you put on Gordon Lightfoot St. Christmas.
Well, these are pretty depressing, I'll tell you that.
What I'd say to the right-wingers, the trailer,
Terracial got the diaries again in November.
I didn't even get that far.
Have you heard it? I haven't looked at them yet.
Oh yeah, I OD through the roof again here.
Number one in midday, number one in man 18 plus, number one in the afternoon.
Huge, I mean, way down up there.
So, September, they got two thirds, all those September will drop off on a whole book,
they got two thirds of what this is here.
Wrapped up.
That is just a man.
And morning is a little, I don't know, disappointing to me.
It's creeping up.
Huh? It's just creeping up.
Well, it's moving in the right direction, but it's a little bit disappointing.
Of course, if he takes September out of the mixture, I guess we'd be okay.
But that's not like the phenomenal number I'm thinking is supposed to be there.
With all the big hype, the hoopla, all the hysteria, you know what I'm saying?
I don't know.
I mean, we actually went up from a 6-2 to a 6-4, but we dropped from a second to third.
Okay, who the hell is number two in midday and man?
This is an 18 plus, though, not 25 54.
CMQFM, oh, I see.
So, we had heavier your people again.
From a 5-8 up to a 6-8, no speaking English, a key, which also always seems to go right in line with a right wing trend, you know what I would think.
Quentin?
So, there you go.
Let's see.
Many 18 plus overall.
And the station is number five, just from 14 to 6 to 5, that 14th thing was that September business man with a hurricane.
From a 3-4 to a 4-4 to a 4-6, but number five and many 18 plus into exciting to me.
Mornings, WSDJs number one in men.
WSDJ have no idea what that is.
Obviously, no speaking English, A.D.
Ain't great, Blitz.
Hot.
Another ethnic 6.4 is number two.
Wacky, a radio mum B number three.
All the ethics all the time.
W.I.O.D. number four in the morning from a 4-6 up to a 4-7 in his friend.
And then WQAM 3-2 to a 4-0 to a 4-5.
Number five in men.
That's, I don't know.
That just didn't do anything for me.
You know what I mean?
Left your lip.
But it leaves me limp like a wet noodle.
Does it do anything for you?
What about in the afternoon?
Let's see, 3-7 and we're 4-7 out of a 4-4.
From a time for a second in the last trend down to 4th.
Of course, this, keep in mind, he's got that September we might as well have had the transmitter shut off.
And based on what I'm hearing about the signal right now, we might as well have it shut off.
Ooh, when you come right down to it.
He's not the kind of numbers one would expect from a highly touted morning show.
You know what I'm saying?
In fact, quite frankly, since he's been on the air here, he threw in at one big month in October.
And we had a huge month in October.
And after that, other than that, it's all pretty mediocre.
When you agree with that, I think you'd be forced to agree with that.
But that's it.
Yeah.
Let's see what about it tonight.
Well, there's no story at night.
We have nothing on it.
And we have no hockey games, which is probably a bonus.
Because nobody listens to those.
IOD at night, 3.2.
That's the heat.
And your buddy.
Okay.
Anything else?
Q, I'm 29 out of 2.6.
This was not all that thrilling when you come right down to it.
It was mediocre, I guess.
We're holding our own.
And then we'll see what happens when September drops off.
So our fate is hanging there in December.
That's the whole thing, month of December, which is already, of course, over with.
And then we'll have that toward the end of next month.
So now we sit and we wait and we wait and they calculate and palpitate and agitate.
And, you know, particularly that WSDJ.
I mean, this is what happens when you deal with this heavily ethnic market.
And you get this, you know, and again, with the political season going on October, September, October, November.
That was heavy in the election thing.
Obviously the right wingers got the diaries because in the midday WIOD went from a 5.9 and up to a 6.6.
And in September, October, November, a 7.9 share, which you know, most of that is rush.
CMQ FM up to a 6.9.
Now, what is their story?
What do they play? Is that the one that's got the funny guy on or whatever?
Why don't you go find a Cuban suburb?
No.
QIM, 4.9, 6.2.
Like I said, we went up to a 6.4, but still dropped from 2nd to 3rd.
You turn.
Yeah.
Radio Mom B, hot 105, kiss.
They're kissing it.
What about, allow me to have the right to demos for that?
So that's it.
I don't want to dwell on those because they're kind of depressing.
Here's the fact that says, hey, Neil, happy Purim.
I love this fella on it.
As an analyst or Howard and you, Neil, the reasons why I will not get serious for the Howard Show are these.
And why is I get ordered the exception and the lies he's telling his audience is too much.
One, they're racing monthly subscription prices.
How high at least $15 to $19 a month.
He will only work four days a week.
He will run commercial spots like he does now.
Just like HBO as he says.
Right.
What a joke and the serious technology is a generation behind XM.
And XM has Walkman type units now.
And one more thing, the people wearing those stinky filthy yellow bracelets, we get it.
And all you, uh,
coals with these support our troop stickers on your cars.
And listen, fight if you believe in this F-Dup War. Have a nice day.
Oh, there you go. Somebody's hitting a little bit.
When a doubt is letting it out.
That's pretty depressing and demoralizing to me.
Looking at those numbers there.
After they give us the big boost there and I'm told,
oh, look, everybody's happy now.
We have one big month.
One month didn't make like a, uh, just like the ballgame last night, you know.
Hey, Tommy, you and your buddies there.
You got to play all 60 minutes.
Not like 58 minutes. Don't get the job done.
They played about a 50, about a 56 or 57 minute game to pay for you last night.
The game goes 60 minutes.
Right. And the same with this.
The rating periods extend three months.
They're always rolling like CCR rolling rolling.
Rolling. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Rolling like your art.
Right. Like you rolling a big fat one in the herald.
September, October, November.
And so once we drop off the September now, I don't know.
Maybe they've got the extrapolations for the individual month or month or month.
Somebody maybe month. Maybe your friend Clarence there, your boyfriend.
Maybe Beast will waddle in with me. I never know.
In fact, maybe the Clarence will turn into the beast.
Maybe they'll have to have the more jointed to hip than they already are.
You know what I mean?
Or maybe Clarence will all of a sudden puff up and look like the beast.
Like somebody stuck a bicycle pump into his laptop.
You know what I'm talking about?
Beast Jr.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and now I'm really depressed.
This audience has brought me down to a level of nearest suicide and now after these.
I mean, enough that they're bad. We actually went up.
Right.
But how can you go up and go down at the same time?
Somebody else went up more.
Oh yeah. They went through the roof.
So obviously out of those three months, two of them were like right wing bush people.
We can only hope that some people to the left of it till a hung out a few diaries in December.
Otherwise we're screwed.
That too.
WQA am hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
What's up man?
How are you doing, Polly?
Hey, I'm a big dolphin fan, so of course I'm fine.
Well congratulations man.
They played a great game last night.
We had a lot of starters out here, but whatever.
I know you guys are still top of that.
Also the paper is like almost the whole secondary.
That's why Troy Brown was there trying to cover on it.
Winning touchdown, that was cool.
Yeah, that was pretty funny.
That was pathetic.
You turned it a long way, twisted it inside and out.
He was lost, you know.
Yeah, I know.
I hear you.
But anyway, I know you guys still got a good shot.
Super Bowl and all that, but I think Pittsburgh might take it to you.
Yeah, I'd be honest with it.
They're going to have to show me something against the Jets next week, because the way they played the last couple of weeks against the Bengals and then the game last night,
they're going to have to, like, that defense has got to butcher up a lot.
Well, one thing I wanted to say is I know Bill checks a genius and all, but I think he's getting a little bit too fancy, shmancy there.
That one set up with no down defensive line.
I think he's just a little bit too, his head's getting a little bit too big if you know what I mean.
Yeah, and they've made a lot of mistakes that are indicative of not that.
I mean, I know he's great, but some of the coaching, for example, when they led, when they, they did that three weeks in a row where Cory Dylan last week went out of bounds and didn't stop the clock.
And then last night on the punt return, they ran, got ran out of bounds.
Yeah, he didn't even run out of bounds.
He was like, you know, what the hell?
I wish I would have that one.
That's a lot of time.
A lot of high school level, I should know that.
But, you know, nobody's perfect.
What can I say now?
I know, but you guys still got a good team, whatever.
And I know it's just one game, but at least we have something to cheer for.
Yeah, it was exciting.
It was an exciting game.
All right, I'm sure it looked great on your TV too.
Beautiful, man.
I was patenting Tommy on the back.
So you go, boy, but he kind of fell apart at the end.
Great day, pal.
Happy holidays.
Yeah, back to you.
You go, and he sure did.
Even it went down.
He went down.
Tommy's going down.
Don't throw the ball.
Oh, geez.
Tommy, the guy's got that bright orange jersey on.
Don't you see that?
Maybe he's color blind.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 4.
I was thinking like four picks and one to be.
That's not good.
No, Josh.
Not at all.
Oh, and now you're laughing about it, huh?
Let me ask you again, who would you rather have as your starting quarterback at
here?
A little bit of franchise.
Would you rather have Tom Brady or AJ Touchy feeling with his nose pointing toward the west?
Calm down.
You're getting defensive again.
No, not at all defensive.
I'm very offensive, man, because it's so obvious.
And the guy makes a couple of mistakes.
There's one bad game.
Think of that one.
I know what's funny.
I meant to tell you, when I was sitting in traffic, I was listening actually to the pregame.
Yeah.
They actually have a segment that they like they interviewed Tom Brady and they say they're like,
oh, Neil Rogers' favorite quarterback.
Here's Tom Brady.
In the second.
What?
Yeah.
Who was saying that?
It's like those voice, you know, those program voices they have, but it's like before they
throw the interview on of Tom Brady.
It's like, oh, here's Neil Rogers' favorite player, Tom Brady.
Well, that's true.
Well, I don't think that was kind of weird, though.
You know, they just threw it in there out of nowhere.
It sounds a little gay.
To me.
We come right down the way.
Done it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
In your case, yeah.
I thought this was like a macho sport.
Maybe they're starting to begin to understand what a sporting event is where a guy squats down
in all fours and another guy puts his hands under his ass and starts squeezing the ball.
Maybe they're starting to figure out what that mean.
Now, Mr. and Shoe.
Yeah, you're Rogers.
Mornings in the day.
And, towards a run of fly.
For five seconds.
We are.
I am Frao, Yulee, and our rush late men.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jures.
And listening to the new Ro-Hay, I'm gonna eat that hour.
Like I am.
He's really rocking.
He's rocking chair and hunky-sacker.
And both the million there could be the rocking.
So why should anyone care for our paddestro?
A happy white daddy.
We fried Chinese beef to drink the yellow.
Like the common beef and let it go, but we said our average free depart paddestro.
He's the oldest, he's the giant, hungry, and paddestro.
And he's a worthy, mildly, mildly, and poor paddestro.
We must have to pick, to check the printer and paddestro.
That's why he sound just like Harry, I do.
It may be dying, but he will never leave the wrong eyes of him.
Like the reason he, and then revive him for the last few years in the park paddestro.
You know, he likes his dogs, I too close the door.
And stars like your animals, they give my picture to me.
And I always have my power around me, I will run and make my paddestro.
Probably one happy two did too.
We're going to be these numbers again, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see.
That's not so exciting.
Now if we had the monkeys of scrap later, did you got them there?
No, no, no.
Why not? I'm sure they're working on the right now.
They're working on how long could that possibly take?
You know how long you can do that? You can do it in your head in 30 seconds.
Fuck, 30 minutes!
You could, I would need a calculator.
I could do it in 15 seconds. I would need a calculator.
No, I don't need a calculator, okay?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
We look at the hook untirst that I... it's an idiot
I want to say it a bit, it's a job that doesn't even know how you can be misunderstood, if it's true something else
There are a lot of things to be fought, music, music, music, music, and a lot of things to do
job. But you see what I'm coming from with this. And I'm starting to feel this like this
adversarial, this highly irritating, huh? You're starting to feel it? Well, I mean, I'm
starting, but it's becoming intolerable now to the point where we're not even like communicating
with that one because he just refuses to get it. That people basically want to be treated
like human beings. It's very simple, very simple, not complicated. I mean, it's a good
job for a fine pattern on a head. Say, hey, come back tomorrow and do it again. And I have
an eye state. That's it. But that doesn't seem to be within the capacity of certain people
who are becoming like just like Michael in the Godfather. That's a very good analogy,
you know, when he was like holding that cigarette lighter and he realizes he realized he was
starting to get to be another tough guy, you know? And then when they had the McCloskey came
and they had to hold them up and smashed them in a broken jaw. And that kind of toughed
them up some even more. So he turned out for me to be a really good guy and like the one decent,
honest, reasonable person in a family. They're like just another gangster, yeah. Another gangster.
Another part of the mafia. Another person of untold. No. And I'm starting to see, I see the same
thing going on there. Anyway, here's Brad says the XM Factor is incorrect. He is absolutely
incorrect. Sirius product is much better. See, we're getting loaded with, see, a few people at
Sirius want the new arrived or show. He had to do a say, well, here's a proposal. Here's
something. Mel. What was the other guy's name? Jay? Who? They're the guy that's called. Oh, I don't
forgot. I'm here and nothing from them. And so all of a sudden today out of nowhere, they're just
starting with a show at that very first call. This guy looks like an inside deal too here. It says
Sirius product is much better. They have Walkman portable. Sirius has three satellites for better
coverage. XM has two. They've stated Sirius that they do not intend to increase subscriber
fees. In fact, Mel has stated, desire to lower them to attract new subscribers. Mel has stated.
Mel, like it's Brad's big post personal buddy. Mel has said, see what I'm saying? Yep. I think
we're getting the bum to us here. I feel like we got the old squeeze on. You know, I feel like
getting the squeeze here. Like a, like a pus pimple. You know, I'm talking about it. Yeah, it's
like that. Like a zit. This whole deal going on. Oh, here's these. Who gave you these? Oh,
Duffy. Now we're talking about a good guy. There's one guy we can always count on. Kind of like an
emotional cripple, but a good guy means well. See, there's a difference between means well and means
like, I don't know, the other one. I mean, if you could separate, if you could cut, it's like the
time east, Wednesday. Yeah. If we get that operation here, like separate clearance and the beast
at the hip, you know, and send each off on its own way, that would help. Oh, see, look at that.
I told you, remember, it was not all I could. No. Sixth, and we had that big month in October,
you take that out and we're like, there's no story there, man. No story. Mornings. There were
stirrings. Big number. Look at this. August 3, one. And men September 2, 3. Now that we all got
doing just there were no diaries return because of three hurricanes. It was a, it was a throwout.
They should have, they should have canceled that month in the Miami market. We don't you think?
In all Florida, they should have October 6, 6 in the morning. Big number there for Howard.
November 4, 6. And again, all the right wingers got the diaries again. So we get screwed.
Then in midday, now look at that midday. Mm-hmm. You looking at that. I'm looking at it now.
Looks pretty decent to me. Quite takes six for an August 3, 0 and September when the whole station
got buried because there were like, they said two diaries, nine to an October in a 7.0 in November.
That looks pretty decent to me. A 7.0 in men, which means in 2554, we got to be like an 80 or 9.
Right. And then of course in the afternoon, look at that. Not so great. 3 to 7, 6 to 3 to a 3, 7 in
November. Is that a 6 or a 5? I can't read that in October 5, 3. And then at night, look at night
time, man. We are doing it. They're talking about, thank God, the panties aren't playing.
Holy moly. In October, we had a 3 to share at night in men. And then November, we got a
0.5. Holy moly. Let's look back at these men 18 plus. I kind of slept off because we got a lot of time
to kill anyway. We got like a four hours, almost four hours, 340. 340 today for those you keep
in track. Write it on your sleeve. If you have 40 minutes, 340. Okay. What is it? I'm looking
to know. I want to see the, what's the other sports station? Waxi. They still haven't changed
the colors. Is it still there? Still waxing enthusiastic? I'm telling you one thing, air
is scary. America ain't doing too much. A little bit. One, one, one, three, one, eight. They're
creeping along. And of course, that was during the political month. Come in the November month,
come in the center after the election. They're going to like fall off the face of the earth.
We're going to have Mr. Ego head. I don't know what he had. That's the overall station.
They're point five. I don't know. There's a waxy. One, one to a one, three, and man overall.
What about in the morning? I'm pretty bummed out about stirring. Getting only a four or five
there in men, 18 plus aren't you? That's not good. We needed more from him. Well, we needed more
from him. We needed more diaries getting to some people left to the left of Hitler for cryon
outlines. That I'm all these right winners. And Julio's getting the diaries. Same difference, I guess.
Well, you know, the billboards are just went up. You know, they have a chance. The billboards,
they haven't had a chance to take effect yet. Well, of course, keep in mind November like in mid-November,
like about the 18 through 20, something like that. The billboards to take effect. What is that? Oh,
look at that. Waxi's making a move, man. Point nine in the summer. One point eight in the next trend.
And then a two point four here from 25th all the way up to number 17. Oh, well, they're making
a movement, man. You can smell it all the way up here. There's a movement going on.
A little increase there for Arab-Skir America, not to a certain. How about in the midday now?
IOD with that seven point nine. How have we got overcome that? They must have had a huge September.
They must have had like an 88 share in September. That's going to disappear when it becomes the
fall book October of November December and September. And September flops off into the world.
This appears like having your tail fall off, you know, right? Yeah, it's like being a dinosaur
and your whole tail falls off. Now, who am I looking for? We got a six four. We did pretty good.
A seven oh and what's wrong with that? Is that chop liver? And what a stern having here? What a stern
have the high powered one that we have to make way every day at 10 o'clock to let the king of the
universe on here. I was thinking four six. What's the big stimulus with that, huh? Then he was going
to get carry in the White House and get pushed and defeated in the Audi, Audi, Audi and get some
lesbians in there to keep them entertained. I don't see it, man. I don't see it, howie.
4.6. I even mochaed on that. He has done that. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying.
Maybe we got the wrong Howard on. Absolutely. I'll be on two to four. He can probably agree with me on that.
Probably not much else, but he'll agree on that. I'll give him a copy of the numbers. Go ahead.
Till Kvall, he'll gloat. This is as long as I did pretty good so it doesn't have to laugh at me.
You know, I miss him in the morning. Oh, no, that's bad. You are so full of crap, man.
That was quality. I will say this. I will say this. Even with all the hostility, in fact,
that made for great radio and a lot of exciting drama and back and forth.
Once that left, we got a show that's coming in from syndicated from New York that has nothing to do with us.
None of us ever get promoted on or talked about it. It's a show in a vacuum.
Not to take any credit away from Stern who's got, he didn't have to get any accolades from me.
He's got this great track record in all these major markets.
But the fact of the matter is, now let me just take a look also in the morning there and see if
the bus showed up again. That would be bad. Remember Buzz Cooper on guiding light?
He didn't kill Philip, by the way. Let's see. His daughter with the iPhoneie knows killed.
Look, I don't see the buzz. They just showed that one month before we had
Stern it all and then they just vanished. They disappeared in our book.
They vanished in the thin air. So I'm thinking it's more a byproduct of the people who got the diaries again.
Damn it. Then anything else. But if that's the case, how did we do with seven?
Just that. Huh? Huh? Huh? Answer that, Mr. Huh?
With the great help from the staff. How do we do it?
Oh, now see that you go again. Get in. Sorry. I'm going to get clearance to turn on you again.
Just when he was starting to warm up a little bit. This one he was starting to like
cozy up to you a little. Anyway, I just this whole day today. I wish I would have told you,
hey, I'm getting out of plane at noon today and you got to do the show today.
That's how the press name about this whole turn of events.
Well, you'll have lots to mall on the flight. No, no, I'm not.
I'm not going to get like bogged down in a whole queue. I mean, as far as I'm concerned,
I'm signing the deal. Okay? If they want to like to have back out, I said, oh, we don't like the tone
of the show. Get it. Well, you know what? Too freaking bad. Okay? Tone this. Go tone your muscle.
Get out of my face. Make up your mind. Either Schmidt or get off the pot. That's my message. Okay?
Do it. Just do it. Do it. I don't I'm checking my emails. I don't see any email from Norman Kensey.
Or the serious people call me. Watch you to consider. I don't sign anything. Yeah. Right.
I don't see them making any overtures in my direction. I don't see them out like I get
and serious. That's why they spelt that way. They can't even spell it right.
What was the most important story of 2004 for you? 309 votes.
1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq 98. Of course, we haven't even counted the number in Mozo.
That because we don't know how many there are dead included unknown number of Americans. It says
that right now. They're uncertainly not news network. Bush wins the election 76 for hurricanes
in Florida 55 near Roger signs two years. Stency with QM maybe 42 red sauce win the world
series 14 Howard sperm signs with serious for 11. Look at that. We got Howard's storm.
What is that? Dolphin season eight is disaster eight game. Marriage one. Reagan dies one.
Genetraction booby flap. So lament uno. Hockey lockout one and the Scott Peterson trials got one.
Let's have a panel to talk about when we come back.
Beware of exploding balls.
Beware of bomb hunger.
Who the tires of this?
F for the.
Luo.
was as and she was shocked.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man I be'm a man.
MR.
Paul.
Paul.
But do I teach her?
.
Don't say constantly.
I used to teach ''One seas better than a melancholy diving guy''
I missed it so boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that has been stopped in SNBC from teeming up with radio's original bad boy,
who now looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen Bernie, I'm a...
Tell that internist, coffee sucks.
Yes, every morning, see I'm a listen to a tape of other people's caroliness.
I'm the air.
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin.
Somebody have asked for a fresh one, play it.
See his wild behind the scenes at it?
I know it's the rate, though.
But I am the I-Van, you're on the wall as Cocoa-Cochoon.
I'm definitely some fresh coffee in your fire.
I am a T-Z reverent.
So, what's the deal with the poll?
He's topical.
What's the deal with his water game?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you why.
That's a double replacement.
What the hell?
He's...
I miss Andy's story.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A people channel nobody watches.
And a bunch of AM radio stations.
Nobody listens to him.
And then somebody gets some fresh jiggle.
It's I-Van.
Well, in my teen at 560 WQAM, I just...
I don't get it.
Where's the beef, man?
Where's the big meat, Howard?
I thought we were gonna like go skyrocketing.
When we saw those October numbers, right?
I thought we were on the way.
That was the trend.
And instead we have to sit here peeing in our pants,
shaking in our boots every day, waiting finally
for his majesty to clear the way so we can come on here.
See, that's another thing.
He's in charge.
Stern is in charge of those three serious stations.
Where they're gonna put the...
You know, they're gonna fill up board.
Where they're gonna get the talent from?
They got Linsamuels on from one to three every day, okay?
Linsamuels, there's two.
Oh, please.
Cracker, please.
But nevertheless, the beat goes on.
I can't tell you what I think...
I think what I'm gonna do is I'll play their game.
I'll sign like...
I'll sign three different contracts with three different entities.
I was like...
Yeah, they're famous for doing that.
Here's a fact from Rick, who says,
just go with a high spitter that is not QA.
I'm normal, it's a lazy bum.
You should have been syndicated a long time ago.
You still could be a contender.
If you do sign with QM,
put in a no firing clause for George.
I mean, you know, you're...
The meeting between Norma Kent and our general mangler,
Greg Reed was last Friday, and the day before was the day that...
Not last week before.
A week ago Friday?
And the day before that was the day they dragged you in there twice,
they were the big strong in advance about nothing with that inquisition.
That's always a real good tactic that they before are gonna meet
to renew your top talent.
It says, only you should have the part of Fire Ma and Accuway,
and we want the fart sounds back.
Your transmitter is f'ing up again.
Tell Maddie Bell a normative OP on it.
At least I'll be doing something useful with changes, Rick.
There's Rick. Let's make him the program director.
At least he knows what's going on.
He knows where the bodies are buried.
He knows who's the real P in the in the wood pile.
Man.
I oughta change the pool, but I'm not gonna do that.
I'm not gonna be influenced by the audience.
Okay, I have to decide what's right.
And like I said before, what makes us think that these people are gonna change?
That they're gonna have any more rock monists.
And not what the Chinese call it.
Any more rock monists for those of us on here who bring in the cash.
Right? Nothing.
Nothing has changed.
I don't even see clearance coming in there like, you know,
you're giving you a kiss.
Give me a Christmas present.
He did? What do you give me?
A gift certificate.
Clarence gave me that?
Yeah, a week's strange gifts every year.
Get outta here!
Telling you.
He gave you a gift certificate for what?
Barnes and Noble.
That he bought?
I would assume.
With his own cash, then what do you bitch in him out about?
Maybe he's not so bad after all.
I don't bitch him out.
I like him.
Oh God!
I saw that movie, Gaslight.
Okay, I saw it.
Yeah, there was a flip up play.
What?
Where were you talking about?
Get outta here.
He's not the one that hates me.
Oh, he actually likes you?
That's what he says.
Not what he told me.
No, he never said anything new.
I probably shouldn't be saying that on the air, but yeah.
What?
I like that.
Well, maybe there's some, maybe if the beast like turns the other cheek so to speak, now the beast has got that lovely girl.
I thought we were going to like me that much.
I mean, come on.
You never know.
There's like and then there's growth.
Oh, I hear Clarence has got a really hot girlfriend now too, is what I'm hearing.
Yeah?
Do you meet her?
If you go to that Christmas party, you could probably meet her.
I guess I won't then.
The media said you were going to go.
And I'm not.
Well, why not?
This is the first time since I've known you.
You worked on the show.
How many years?
14 years.
14 years this man has worked on this show.
And this is the first time that my recollection he's ever said I'm not going to Christmas party.
It's the first time that I've ever not gone to a Christmas party.
And so I just said party animal and confirming it likes to free food, not so much the company likes to free food and the booze.
Right.
But this you're not going because I guess there's some hard feelings there.
Now he ought to come in there right now, Clarence, and give you like a big hug and a kiss.
Then I would feel better before I go on vacation for like eight or nine days, I'd feel better about the way things were going.
I might be more inclined to sign that deal.
See, the one thing about the audience, they don't understand two things.
They really don't since the show is degenerated.
In fact, not degenerated.
Right from the beginning from the time I sat down here out of nowhere, they don't understand.
I want the money.
Okay, I'm not looking to be a superstar.
I give that up a long time ago and I realized my agent was a silly person.
Okay, I mean, that's it.
I'm not looking to be a superstar.
I'm sure before this election, I think I could have made a difference.
I know that sounds egotistical and arrogant.
I could have made a difference.
The people not only here in the show, but we've seen the stories we have on there.
Some of those people can have them read to them in the red states.
You know, somebody could read them that stuff.
And maybe that might have made somewhere, maybe just one state that might have turned the thing around.
You know, all I know is the places where this show was heard carry one big huge in the places where the show was heard.
Not that they're not heavily democratic usually anyway, but he did pretty damn well, right?
Yes, he did.
Don't play me. Don't play us.
We did our part and some of the other us, ecomaniacs out there, talking to Big Trash.
Oh, we're going to get pushed to be that.
And then the people who listen to them are for the most part not political.
They don't even vote.
All they're looking for is a lesbian dilatate, okay, with all the respect to Howard.
All they want to do is make fun of cripples and watch dikes or, you know, he mode about dikes, fantasize.
Sit there with their hand on the shift, on a gear shift, and their truck.
52, what I'm just going to do soon.
I don't know.
But that's what I'm trying to convey is that, you know, I'm not going to do what the audience tells me to do, or all these people trying to suck around and puff up my ego.
Like I said, I don't have an ego.
And number two, I like the money coming and that's it.
Simple. And as for the rest of it, if they want to screw us over and treat like crap, then I'll just tell them to wipe their ass with the deal.
That's all.
They ought to start having a little bit different attitude about the people that put the money on the bank and bring in these numbers.
I'm looking at that seven or I thought maybe we had a mediocre month. We did just fine.
It's a bad effect. Right?
Wingers that got a lot of diaries. We did good. We don't want.
When you're looking at a four, a six and a four, four and a half noon, and we got a seven, I think we're still like a king of the hell top of the road.
So whatever it is, what's that song?
King of the road, stupid ass sonatris. I know I'm not king of the road by Roger Miller.
Whatever happened to Roger Miller. He did. He must be. Get out of here. Roger Miller.
Look it up, Josh. Do something besides the globe about that stupid game and sniffing your finger.
Now, are we getting his, I'm a little concerned about that website because I do take pride in the website and I keep seeing the positive.
The SL guy visiting him today. Good. Good work, man.
See, we're trying for you folks. We're trying our damnedest in spite of it.
And I take back a lot of what you said about clear and seeing now that I know that all those terrible things you said about him.
I never had any problem with him. I always said it was on our side. I thought he was like going to bed like the day.
The day he came in and said, what could we do to make you happy? And I said to him, die. I didn't see him.
Take Maddie Bell over the edge of a cliff. That would make a lot of us very happy.
And that'd be great. And take back for it with you too while you're at it. Can't you just hear that on the way down the cliff?
Hiya, how are you? Hiya, proit.
Yeah.
Let's do what's a ring in the new year.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
And he's closing down on 5.60.
A QA.
Bill Rogers is my lover.
I'm gonna pass you off at the time. But I can't take it right through his eyes.
I'm gonna pass you off at the time.
I'm gonna pass you off at the time. But I can't take it right through his eyes.
Hiya, this is the doctor.
And when I want a fast break from the usual breakfast routine, there's only one place for me.
Slams, dunkin' doughnuts.
Check out the Al's garlic.
They got gel, darkened, chakras, thunder doughnuts.
We'll skim in the finger rolls and even moses, my loam.
One handed jam, fear doughnuts.
Hmm, hmm.
Hey, da, how about a box and one to go?
Yeah, baby. And give me a cup of coffee.
Not one. Maybe one.
A larger one.
A larger one.
For no carrines, please.
Ah, that's big.
So make your best move.
The slam, dunkin' doughnuts.
We shove our food in your face.
From 30-5, 60, happy holidays from our new good-closed personal buddies at the QAM from all your palies.
Pulls as rummage spell losing public support.
About time.
52% of respondents to a new pool think events secretary Donald Rumsfeld should resign.
And I saw the sun settle to the pool with like 72% of resign.
That's all us left-coast, kamipinco liberals and roward.
And recent criticism in Congress over his handling of the war in Iraq.
All these dead people over there.
All this chaos and bloodshed and slaughter.
All this needless madness.
All these soldiers over there, we don't have to, the proper materials to defend themselves.
Humvee my ass.
How do you do that?
36% of respondents to the CNN USA did a gallop pool.
Said Rumsfeld should not step down.
And the remainder had no opinion.
They said, who'd that?
Who's that Nazi?
The margin of error for the question, 4.5% out of yada.
The defense secretary was recently tried to protect the US soldiers headed for Iraq.
You have to go to war with the army you have, not the army you want.
With the, oh, God.
In addition, Rumsfeld's wartime performance has been criticized by many democratic and some Republican lawmakers,
including Pom Pom twirling Senator Trent Latimer's Mississippi,
and Puffy faced John McCain of Arizona.
Puffy.
And now that P Diddy changes name to P Diddy, then I wouldn't have Puffy McCain of Arizona, right?
Sure.
It's open.
Despite the criticism President Bush strongly came out in support of his party, how we know that?
As for Bush, 49% of the respondents said they approved of the job he's doing,
which is down 6% from November when it ate 55% approval rating.
Drop six points.
And of course, the very naive American public, and this being a gallop,
you know, it's skewed to the right.
Although some groups have questioned the validity of voting in O'Hai on other states,
a large majority, 77% of poll respondents indicated they thought the overall presidential election was spare.
19% said they thought incidents of fraud, aided Bush's reelection.
The polls suggested that most Americans think the US will have to maintain a true presence in Iraq after the elections there, January 30.
How are they going to have elections?
I mean, are these people crazy or hold their own elections?
Man, you have any idea how many people are going to die?
I mean, a couple of days before that, and I'm not saying in the days, it's going to be a bloodbath, man.
Bloodbath.
For what?
So that we can enforce, we can put a former government on them that they don't want.
Right?
They can impose it.
We're going to force democracy.
And how about, since we're imposing democracy, what about Pakistan?
What about Saudi Arabia?
What about Egypt?
What about Syria?
What about Lebanon, huh?
Kuwait.
All our other good, yeah, Kuwait.
Oh, yeah.
That was on that CBC show I was telling you about.
They showed that the Pentagon created a phony map for the Saudis.
Showing Iraq had all these tanks on the border and that they were on the verge of invading when they got done with Kuwait down the Kuwaiti or Saudi border.
And guess what?
The Russians had, they had aerial photos, satellite photos in the same area, and there was nothing there but sand.
Nothing.
So Gulf War I was also based on lives.
We had the Saudis peeing in their pants convinced that Sodom was going into Iraq after he finished off with Kuwait.
If we didn't go in there and liberate Kuwait for the oilbearance.
While they were busy, by the way, the oilbearance of Kuwait parting up on the French Riviera at the Disco's, Snort and Coke.
That's why your kids are dying for your government that lies a lot, okay?
Why am I starting with this crap again?
I don't know, I forgot.
56672, 56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
It's got a million calls in here between now and two o'clock.
We got Mohawar David, start to look a little bit better in hindsight now, you know what?
His hind is better now, Mohawar.
All forgiven, Mohawar.
What did I say?
A lot of that.
Huh?
We got a lot of material.
You damn right, that's what he always said and he was right.
We can't disagree with that.
I mean, that was some wild hind.
I stand in front of you now.
Yeah.
Two years later and they took me a little while back.
A little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
It's a radio.
You are the truth.
See, even the big old there, he can't keep his mouth shut there.
He has to ruin that.
That's such a great threat, you know.
It's a radio.
You're a silly person, Orlando.
God.
And they're worried about you being on the year.
They got that fruitcake on here.
Who the hell are they?
Man.
W.A.M.
Hello.
That was the big old online.
I know it.
He was going to say rock solid.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Listen.
Very, very present or happy holidays.
However you want to take it.
And we're in here, man.
Happy New Year, exactly.
Love the show back then.
Love the show now.
Love George.
So whoever's complaining, you know what?
You know what to do.
Don't tell me.
All right.
Here's a happy guy.
We're glad to hear from you, pal.
Have a happy day.
Listen, love the show since back in 1992.
Love the show today.
You're the same person.
And also, and also George.
Keep it up, man.
You're doing a pretty good job, man.
Don't let's go.
Okay.
All right.
I still want to go, amigo.
All right.
Take care.
You're not here.
We'll put you back in a banana boat.
There's a good guy.
How do you like that?
I like that.
He's happy.
We found a happy guy.
He only took us two hours in 17 minutes.
We found a happy guy.
They were bringing me down, man.
They were giving me all depressed.
Just when I was feeling pretty good about life, you know.
I sat in this new deal.
I got job security money.
He's coming in.
So I worked for a bunch of schmucks.
That's the nature of the business.
Okay.
Was it better at IOD?
Well, you know.
They stabbed us in the back.
And told us what a bunch of crap we all were.
And they couldn't make any money.
And maybe we'd have better luck with Bud Paxon.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Rubbing our noses in his crucifix in the ashes.
Right?
What a phony he was, too.
What a phony piece of crap with his former cheerleading wife.
Watch out for guys, man.
That have cheerleading wives.
And ever we've even thought about that before.
But if so many guys with cheerleading wives.
I love this show.
Yeah, I know.
I thought his wife was a dancer.
Ah, whatever.
Dancer, new dancer.
And I thought he was a stripper.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, leader.
Yeah.
I had a tent lot on my mind.
Sorry.
Stripper wives.
That's what I'm talking about.
Hmm.
He's a Christian for Christ's sakes.
See, you're getting me.
You people are getting me like all off on a wrong tangent here.
Now it's getting cloudy again.
Before the sun was shining.
There was a little bit of hope.
Now it's cloudy and murky.
Looks like the world's coming to win in.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Handle me on how you doing.
Okay, sir.
I had to hit meat on the bar.
Welcome to Virginia Key by the way.
What's going to Virginia Key?
How are you doing, pal?
Very good.
Very good.
Santa and Satan are only one to let it slip away.
That is absolutely correct.
There's another one of those to those people to worry about.
They could be back with masking in Christmas.
And another thing interesting, a lot of people didn't know about the pre-9-11 communications
between the terrorists, the people that we are doing at the Trouble here.
If they were actually using the weekly world news and the other star and the other magazines
by american media they're using the personal ads in the in the back of the
smag
right to be the case
and it's funny because you never hear anything about that in the problem
in the media
now the only thing we heard about the tabloids in their own focus when we
hit a
contract yeah exactly exactly you're anything about the fact that they learn
that they were getting you know a number of the
subscriptions in a rack
for the weekly world news sure
so uh... anything that surprises me
anymore and and you know i'm gonna go crazy to you go off the air but i
know George you're gonna do a good job so you know for you we got cast
Stevens man
and you know how to keep the world partly cloudy to you i'm sure
you guys have a good day and back to you
syrigan some of the people today i don't know where the heli's people are
alive
they're off of the holiday there's something in some really articulate and
television callers today market down the calendar
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty under Verizon singular wireless lines how's the pool coming
i don't care
so you pull well
but it changed the pool
but it but then i would allow myself to be influenced by not going to do it
what he what are these people about my life or your life or even their own life
but what i'm saying nothing
yeah i mean they think they think they know something
so normas week ok is like a little later i can't help that he needs the cash he
needs something he's an assistance
for christ's sake
he's doing the best he can which ain't much
yeah he probably sends emails to these people and that that's always his
respawn while i email them
christian what happens with emails don't you
yeah
why don't you like lost in the ether case they say every wind up nobody ever
where you even winds up real see that i told him a few days ago
emailing is not my idea of doing business if i want to like send you a note
about the some silly thing or goofy thing or whatever i'll send you an email but
if i want to do like serious business that meaning very less significant
i have some serious business i will never send an email to serious i'm serious
what would you if you're like going to do some like
uh...
some kind of something to email
seriously good god almighty
hey norma i think it's time to get serious
you'll listen to me
he's a man
ruchus
exclusively
unflexible
he's a man
he's a man
he's a man
wq
he's a man
he's a man
he's a man
he's a man
he's a man
it's late at night you're fast asleep and i shudder way figure is about to break into your home
but you're protected
he's a man
yes it's the James Brown home security alarm
he's a man
the heart is working alarm in the safety business
he's a man
designed by the godfather of home protection himself
he's a man
the James Brown alarm protects you from burglar
this bandal
this beeping dog
and if you act now
we'll include it no extra cost
the patented James Brown
hot pants far along
hot hot hot hot hot
so put the sole patrol on your keyhole
with the James Brown home security system
oh my god
you'll say
i'm here
yeah
yeah
from 44 we got more horror David for the mad dog at two he'll be gloting about last night's
outstanding unbelievable uh... dolphin victory and they did they played like it was their super ball i can
credit for that you know
the i hate you
what it was their super ball yeah it was their super ball in a one a day pulled it out even a j touchy
feeling you see the thing if you're gonna keep blitzing a whole game and you can't to get to the
quarterback then you're making a bad mistake you just wasting your time and that's what i kept doing over
and over and over again when you got fourth and ten the entire game hinge on that one play right can we agree on that
yeah fourth and ten and you got toy brown cover in area one of the you know mean receivers the
primary receiver here to lose the game you're gonna lose a he was like inside out man he was like
tweeter like a noodle twisting in the wind Portroy Brown he's got a defensive back he's doing his
best to fill in there with the injuries but he's uh... you know he's like not ready for prime time
maybe deon he's ready for prime time huh was like five eight that they came up to the
his puppet is where he came up to throw it up just he'd throw it up that's what a jz and you're doing
And I noticed there at the end of the game, he finally, we had to have one of those AJ
injured moments together.
Oh, it's shaking.
It just barely was able to hobble off the field.
That's what I love about him the best.
Besides, there's no twisted off to the West.
Go West, young man.
That's where his nose is going.
We got the hopper at four.
You got the Geldy at Smokey Bones in Plantation at 7.
80K at 10 with the Overs, Numbers, and Theons in the Outs.
Boy, a point five at night.
Oh, my.
What is that?
Maybe what we ought to do is sign off.
We still pay Eddie.
You know, I'm sure he's got a contract.
But sign off at seven o'clock till six, right?
OK.
Seven and I till say, and we can save that juice, and then we can crack up the
transmitter so people can actually hear us during the daytime when it really counts
where we got some business on here.
Another good idea.
And then Eddie can do the show on the internet or he can do it like at the
seminal or something like that or at the Hollywood dog track or Pompano Park, right?
And we'll have the same number of people listening to him there that he's got a
point five.
Now who the hell did we have on there from seven to ten?
I'm not playing any because Eddie's is really rock solid.
Oh, I've speeded it up.
I know who we're playing for the seven to ten problem.
Oh.
Yeah.
See?
Oh.
The big.
Yeah.
Here's the pool so far.
Bigger story of 2004 to you.
Most important story, 1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq, more in Mosul today we don't
know how many.
136 people said that Bush wins reelection 101.
I was going to put on their steals reelection, but that would have been bad, even though
it true, Covey.
Four hurricanes in Florida, 75.
Neil Rogers signs or might sign two year extension with QM 50 if these people don't
talk about it by two o'clock Red Siles win World Series 17.
Howard Stern signs with series radio 14.
The often season of disaster nine.
Janet Jackson's booby flap finally starting to move a little with three, only three.
Which that was a very significant story.
Not that it was such a big deal.
The incident itself, but the shock waves from that, the excuse that that was just what
they were looking for.
Man, the word police, the Nazis, the radio fascists.
That was exactly what they were looking for was an incident like, oh my God, now you
got over the top.
It's out of control.
We got to clamp down now.
And all these right wing goy-moth are these crazy people.
Nothing about you, Lieberman.
There's another one.
Taki lockout, three.
And by the way, don't hold your breath on that.
Don't hold your breath.
Reagan dies too.
Ronnie Ray Gunn, gay marriage one and Scott Peterson trial one out of 412 votes.
Let's get a bunch of calls in.
What are you saying?
We're not.
See, I thought I was going to do the same thing I did yesterday, but that first call
you thought, huh?
That's what you thought.
Well, the first call threw me off.
It kind of like, I don't know.
It like sent me off in a different direction.
There was a plan.
That's it.
Well, no, it was a set up call.
There's no question about that.
It was an inside set up deal.
And let me say it again.
If you're so tight there with Jeremy Coleman and all the other people are serious, where's
the beef?
Where's the meat, huh?
As Clara Pellar would say, where's the beef?
Is Dave Thomas would say, where's the freaking beef?
Okay.
Where's the meat?
Time to get serious.
And they didn't do it.
They didn't step up and come to the table and put something on the table.
Okay?
Well, guess what?
Do you?
That's a raspberry.
Joyce.
I think we need to get her in this deal, too.
Get some exemptions with this fascism that we got from Joyce over there in Naples.
What's all the chino about it?
He's too busy having lunches with Norma Kent.
Somebody cue A.M.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
News are broken for Paul.
When Moe got rid of the muskrat.
For 2004, that was a big event.
All right.
Okay.
Let's get that on there.
Moe metis.
That was a momentous occasion, right?
When Moe dumped the muskrat.
That was, and I take credit for that, I am very sorry.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No, no, no.
Absolutely.
No more muskrat.
In fact, maybe he'll sing the muskrat ramble or whistle it or whatever you do with it.
What is the muskrat?
I'm sure it's a song.
I don't know.
But do you like the singer?
Does it have lyrics?
I don't have any words to tell it.
Well, he can do it.
He can do a gig this afternoon.
He'll be dancing for joy, I have been feeling from last night's miraculous dolphin victory.
It's lucky.
Very depressed.
56670560.560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Live.
I think they did that just to get even with me.
Here's line 9, QAM, hello.
Clarence Hachew.
That was the beast.
WQAM, hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
The reason Michael looks at the lighter is because to taglier whoever is after him, they
all keep the name on their lighter.
They keep a what?
Their name, the crew name.
They kept it on their lighter.
That's why he was there and added the one.
Where did you get that from?
It's in the book.
Oh, really?
Oh, that's right.
I read the book a hundred years ago.
Oh, okay.
Well, stop staying gone, you boy.
What a gracious cup.
You know who I am, man.
You know who I am.
Right.
I'm Mo Greene.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Yeah, see, he was Jewish too, by the way.
Schmendrick, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon and singular wireless lines.
WQAM, hello.
Chambot.
See, it's good another way of his 82nd away.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Trying to make it come back to the holidays.
Is that pathetic or what?
I mean, pathetic would be an understanding of the century.
It's predictable and typical.
Is it really?
Oh, yeah.
I thought he was waiting for you to come back, certain tomorrow.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, Dolphin's hotline.
Not there.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, in the Palm Beach Post today, there's an article about the noise on QAM, the spamming
thing.
Yep.
And the Palm Beach Post.
I have my wife, Factsopedia, more.
Um, the sports guy talking about, uh, when the buff, when one game was on, all you know,
it was panicking the background and it's due to Castro coming up over there.
Right?
Yeah.
Um, I'll have Lori Factsopedia tomorrow.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
All right.
What's the number?
Uh, 305.
Okay.
650.
650.
0198.
0198.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, like that.
There's something for you to talk about tomorrow, even in Palm Beach, until the signal really
blow.
Especially up there, I guess, because, uh, you know, on a queer day, you can hear it forever,
but not now and not no more since you cranked up at 570.
See, that's the thing I don't understand.
Our signal must be really bad because he's not even on 560.
The station is on 570.
And I got a call in last week, said, how much, I mean, what do you say, uh, Josh, he was
running like 50,000.
It wasn't like some enormous amount, like 100,000 watts like he did once before, because
they probably don't can afford the juice for that.
No, wasn't it like 35?
Yeah, 35,000 watts, whatever that is.
Sound like a bizarre number to me.
But not like all that high-powered.
So for 35,000 watts, uh, piece of crap from Cuba on 570 is like interfering with us, that
is something really wrong.
We need to get Bob Vermuth over there like Dricken, heavy duty, heavy duty,
Vermuth and P and all over that tower like non-stop 24-7, right?
Yeah.
You don't think?
Somebody needs to go over there and P and our power, so somebody can hear us.
These people are talking about me being syndicated or being on, on, uh, serious.
We can't even hear it on QIAM for Christ's sakes.
And you know, there's nobody in that place that, the, the discusses it that admits,
they, they just, it's like, right, China.
They just refuse to acknowledge its existence.
I heard a rumor they were working on it.
Yeah, how about the signal?
Oh, and that place, I'm sure they're working on it.
Make no mistake about that.
Feverishly.
WQAM, hello.
They're lying one, man.
They need to do some work on that.
And that's not us.
That's the phone company.
You people have the phone company's suck.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, Sarah.
I got a suggestion for a new poll.
Yeah.
Uh, and it's, uh, which local celebrity you think will get busted next?
Yeah.
You know, like for anything, self pornography from marijuana possession, anything.
Oh, man, I also have a question.
How tall is Josh?
Oh, you're a powerful man.
I've heard that was the pivot man.
WQAM, hello.
I like you.
WQAM, hello.
Good, good segue.
QAM, hello.
How they going, Neil?
Okay, pal.
Uh, I know about the name.
Yesterday I was watching the dolphin game in, uh, one outside.
And I put five 60 hours back in here.
If I would miss it.
Yeah.
I was playing the plays.
I was seeing, I was hearing what was happening before I was watching what was happening.
I was like, I will see the touchdown and then just insane.
Yeah, you know, I had that happen last weekend too.
I was in here putting some stories on the, uh, website was on the internet.
And so I cranked up my TV in here in the studio and I was watching the dolphin game.
And I turned on our audio, you know, from the pot that's sitting right in front of me here from my QAM.
And, and I mowing the, and, uh, mad bell, we're doing the game like 10 seconds ahead of what I was seeing on TV.
Exactly.
I was watching, I was, I was touched up, but I'm watching.
I'm like, well, when I make the first time, I'm like, well, yeah.
That's exactly the part that I saw.
It was crazy.
I thought I had Neil.
Okay, I'll come back and see it.
You too.
Yeah, well, what's that all about?
I thought that we would have won on the 85 minute delay.
And I guess direct TV must be on about a five year delay now.
Wait till we get that undefeated dolphin season on against going to be fantastic.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Can you hear us?
That's the question, and that's our full question.
Can anybody hear us?
Man, those 10 cans are so expensive now to them out of the beastlies that make them big cutbacks.
Tom 560 only Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I got a gerbil in my ass.
Yeah, great.
Sounds like it.
Well, everybody needs a boyfriend, you know.
How did you know that boy?
That sounded like your parents to me.
That sounded a little bit like parents.
I don't want to mess up your, you know, your reunion.
How about the Moan the Over Union?
We can't play that anymore either.
I guess that.
We can't play anything when you can write down a whip.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, I'm an easy assistant calling just to cheer you up because I don't feel it.
Anybody says to me it's fine.
And I just wanted to show that the dolphins, they look like flamingos.
And I think it got too Brady and you end.
Yeah.
That color, I don't know what color it was coming up on your set.
But they look like pink panties to me.
Yeah.
And I think that's just working for them.
That must be blooming.
I think time is blinded by the blight, yeah.
Yeah.
By the light pink.
I think they should go with it.
Okay, sweetheart.
Have a great holiday.
Great.
And get a new TV.
It was orange.
1257 at 560 QAM.
We are the finest in show.
We are Rogers, mornings and we did.
And we are the one of clock to fight.
We are the...
Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
Sweet.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
I do this.
We want to talk about transfer research in the delta
connected access of community access uses priorwo
some of the crypto thresholds and sub- Coints Br download
machine-friendly run.
AI and v finish radars run.
What they did was make a name more replace guilty than
Kim Bo-Kamper on a promotional giveaway of 51-0 Snickers bars.
I think that's how many interceptions Adolfins have had this season.
Come on, Kim, but they want a big game last night.
You're not in the fish. You're not in your own team, man.
You are bad. We're going to take your cow away, Mr. Tony.
Right now, in fact, the Dolphin Organization Wayne is going to have a cow.
B.C.'s you saying that.
I'd love to see if Kim Bo-Kamper beat up Wayne Huznick in the press box.
Fights that we need. Love to see that?
I'd pay to see that on Pay Per View on my HDT.
And HD. Oh, God, that would be great.
Watch those zits fly in every direction.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Riders Alliance.
Ratings came out. We did well. We did well, 10-3.
The show that preceded us did not do so great.
I don't know what the name of that show is, but did not do...
Did not live up to its great expectations, you know, when you agree?
Obviously not. No. I mean, I can see...
I can see if we went ahead like anything really.
Let's see. Here's a fact that says Uncle Nelson,
you can't fire a norm. At least have a qualified co-tonsil.
I think they met council that says,
co-tonsil to a system.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, get out of here.
What's with these people?
Hey.
You see, if normal is smart, what would it be?
I'm a long time ago. It's called up Don Buckwell to say,
hey, listen, I know I'm a schmuck and I'm like a little league.
And I...
My idea of talk where he was like Joyce Kaufman and Rick Ciderman
and crap like that from the light bulb.
So please, Don, you do the thing and like give me...
Give me like a little piece. You know, like there would be a piece
for the tatamias and a piece for my zini, right?
Just to look at what is beak.
Just to not tell you what you're beak, normal.
But no, he's like playing Mr. Big Shot.
And he's gonna call me at 2 o'clock on my cell phone.
Like I really, you know, well, what is...
Just get the contract, okay?
Will you sweetheart?
Just get the contract.
Go out and pick up some homeless kids and just get the contract done.
Let's get out with life and cut the crap already.
Quill with a soap opera. It's a radio show.
I think. Isn't it? Or is it for real?
It's for real.
We don't know.
Line 9, QAM. Hello.
Dolphins Hotline.
Yes, not pitching about everything.
W.D. QAM. Hello.
Sorry, you want to talk to me?
Speaking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just saw Bolifen Boer with your name on it.
Yeah, great. I'm happy for it.
W.D. QAM. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, hi. Is it QAM?
Yes, man.
Oh, no. Hi.
How are you?
I'm fine. Can we turn the radio?
Okay.
Please turn that radio down.
Good job.
I know. I'm just kidding.
Okay.
The reason I'm calling is on the direct TV is always behind the real radio.
Why is that?
Because the satellite...
It bounces off the first satellite and then it goes for them and then back to watch.
That's right.
Exactly. That's why.
It's not on purpose delay.
Okay. Because back in the day when I had my big dish before I finally had to take away
because it became obsolete, you could watch a game on the big dish and then flip over to direct TV
and by the time you got there, like about five seconds later, you see the same play again.
Oh, I know. But it drives me crazy because my TV in the kitchen doesn't have.
So if I'm watching the game on...
Because it looks better on direct TV.
Right.
And so I'm watching in the living room and then I go into the kitchen and if I have to be on there,
it's behind.
Yeah, but the good thing is if you missed it the first time, you know, we see it again.
Well, that's true, but I can go back and watch anything.
Right.
And that great...
I just want to tell you that.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart. I have a great holiday.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, the TV will think what you're on here. It's called...
What is it called?
Personal TVR.
Personal video recorder.
Okay.
And you can like to be taping two shows at the same time.
Not taping recording.
You see, we were...
We all say that.
Yeah.
You can be recording.
Sorry. Well, it's called recorder, not tape.
But anyway, you can be recording two at the same time.
Like I was... I was recording...
Racing, horse racing on my...
Whatever, horse racing channel is...
TRN.
And I was recording the...
Dolphin Patriot game that I was watching it.
Why was I doing that? Why was I recording it?
Because I sure...
I erased it real fast when...
After that fourth interception, I went over and I erased it real quick.
I don't want to see that again.
That was bad.
Well, he had no protection. The offensive line...
The defense and the offensive line just stopped playing the last three minutes for the Patriots.
When you agreed, Josh, yes.
Yeah, just the last three minutes.
The whole last four nights.
From the... From the rest three, fifty-two left, they had 11-point lead.
And the defense and the offense...
I mean, the rest of the game, the offensive line...
Brady had all data through.
Like, on that last touchdown, remember that?
Yeah, it was like...
Can't have all data through it.
He just, you know, had given great protection, which is what they're famous for.
And, conversely, the Dolphin's offensive line, which has been like a sieve all year long,
they did a great job for touchy-peel either.
Even just...
I mean, a couple of times they almost got them.
In fact, a few times, he threw a beautiful pass just as he was a...
He was about to get hit and the ball was dropped.
He had his balls dropped several times, which I think moken...
No, no, no, no.
Probably related to that.
He'll probably be talking about that this afternoon a lot.
And then, of course, one day, annihilated Brown's next week, Sunday night,
people will be saying, we got the Super Bowl, you know,
we're turning the corner for next year, right?
Yeah, that'll be the talk.
Well, you're not going to say that.
It's going to be much of crap, although, by Sunday night, they'll have Nick Sabin as the head coach.
Now, the fact that Nick Sabin was head coach at Michigan State
is that going to make me a Dolphin fan?
No.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
One of the...
Sorry, we're getting bad interference down in Key Largo, too.
I'll be damned.
Key Largo?
Yeah, Reggae Ronnie.
It's down here.
Wow.
Wanted to see if any positive light is playing, God should be good.
I love that bit.
God should be good.
I think I played a yes today, but you know what, something?
It's so good.
God's up.
Yeah, it's going to sound good, but I Spanish interference in the background, too.
Okay.
Great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, they can't be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke can't just smoke, smoke, ah!
They like hot display and smoke.
Smoke can't just smoke, smoke.
Smoke can't just smoke, smoke.
They can't be good.
Come on!
Come on this afternoon, if Norma is still listening by the way, I just probably didn't hear the beginning of the show,
which we started out at 10.20 this morning, which was kind of pleasant, but nevertheless, our first call on the show at about 10.30 was a guy that sounded to me like a setup call.
And that sounded like an inside call about people inside.
The beautiful, serious studios in New York, in Bupa Bupa, and that's what kind of stuff is all tanged, because as far as I was concerned,
and I'm still concerned, we got a new deal of QM for two more years with a bad signal.
In fact, by the end of the contract, probably we won't even have to say anything because we can just let the Cuban music play.
And then all of a sudden, after that, it sounded like a bunch of setup to you, like all these people with a full-court press.
In the meantime, they obviously aren't too serious because they haven't put anything on the table, you know what?
It's like me and I've had it a supper and you sit around, and it looks like real fancy, and something smells good like something in the oven.
And nobody ever puts anything on the table. Well, if you're wide, you're going to get up and lock out and go get takeout.
You're going to go get some pizza burgers or something, right?
Absolutely.
I would say absolutely.
I mean, it may seem fairly inviting and so on, but unless they put their money where their mouth is, and of course the whole thing with a serious deal is, like I told you, Stern is the one who's calling the shots.
He's been given the deal where he's going to put the people on, and I'm not going to kiss his ass.
I'm just not going to play that game, okay?
I'm not going to suck up to Howard Stern for any amount of money.
It's just not worth it. In fact, when his deal is over, and when the day comes when he finally does his last show on what they're not calling terrestrial radio,
regular conventional old-fashioned radio, like you're listening on right now with all the interference,
like after that happens, then I'll tell you what I really think. How do you like that?
Huh?
All right. I'm serious.
I mean, serious.
The sisters who promote their rendition of greenery and do it don't make hard. They were very hard for this.
I'm not going to play that game.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
You went for ugly-ass in the show.
Just like even the anxious Joe Rivers was saying.
When they were talking to people about the Janet Jackson flap.
She says in the same broadcast they had like seven different drugs
they were advertising for your reptile dysfunction.
They had a farting horse and they were worried about one tenth of a second of it.
They could booby.
What does that tell you about America, man?
What does that say?
Joyce.
And now I understand the beast is going to go up to see an old friend of yours in a week or two.
And Atlanta.
Can I give you a guess?
I'll take your children.
A cellum.
Just the Haitians.
What what what what what why why why.
Yeah. The beast.
Beast will probably tell you all about it on Friday when he fills in for George Wisfield and for me.
Somebody QA'am hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Can you hear me Neil.
Hello.
I'm here okay.
I've got a question in the comment really quick.
How does our signal sound there?
Well before you go on how does our signal sound to the end of the year?
It's an I'm gonna write a pellet Sound Horrible.
It's all that I do behind you.
Yeah.
um listen to the charge today you played a great drop there was chicken squawking with
marimales music unbelievably funny oh yeah what the hell is that oh should I
pop up up up up up up what is that called what like the chicken thing oh but it's got
you have a fast heart sound yeah yeah yeah it's oh we can't we can't play that
without any functions yeah that's called the bodily functions aren't just
literally with heart sounds here's my comment i've been a listener for 13 years
right last week show when you were talking to i guess Josh and the beast
are you listening to the book keep your jorge around your just great uh sure or need
dope smoking piggins got to stick together i've got a fail good luck to pali yeah the beast was
okay but he certainly he's just i'll tell you one thing clearance but they the beast i mean he
can go in there Friday because nobody wants to work that day that that's where he can come in
when nobody else wants it but today that they think he's gonna wobble in there in any kind of a
permanent uh position that's the day that i wobble out okay depend on it get your life on betmatti
bells life on it five six seven oh five sixty he's just a silly first okay he's just a wobbling
us who knows nothing about anything you wouldn't believe the questions i was asking him did just
just just for fun but his his lack of knowledge about anything in the world other than uofm sports
and the eating uh it just not exist in the fact that is you know he's supposed to got a lot of
money and he lives on brickle with their money and he went his going over the weekend with his
girlfriend uh to the west coast to some big posh resort with their money and that's it he's just
a spoiled fat little uh rich dude that's all he is not rich but i mean you know spoiled brad
that's it but he puts out for clearance so therefore he's got an in w a m hello
now yes sir how are you doing pretty good uh you were talking about the signal i'm here in
hi how is it no it does good can you hear me now now here you fine okay well we're on the phone see
the phone is fine right well the signal reference to the the station that's coming in from Cuba
right well i don't hear that in the background like the the music and stuff what i do here is when i'm
driving around your signal will like drop out and then the Cuban station will come in and then
you drive around a little bit further and then your that station will drop out and you'll come back
in like you know i'm saying like really well but you know that's unusual on a and because on f
thing you'll get that right where does it drop out i'm sure you've heard that on fm is your you know
so many miles away from the tower because it's line of sight but on a and there's a ground signal so
usually you don't just you know disappear right well the the weird thing is that it happens to you
and it doesn't happen to the stations that like uh ranked on capsule so i don't know why they
had their stations messed up probably probably yiliana had something to do with it
i'll read you thanks pali bye yeah probably something at uh right wing for a propagate in perinoia
from a south day down there from a little of anna sweet water maybe that's what that's all about
you think there you go maybe some of the some of the commonistas hooked up with the else you
better get to describe a block them out because if they hear about it in Cuba remember we used to get
calls from Cuba not a lot or a postcard or two from Cuba right we have a few listeners down there
about third in the middle i think it's important maybe they to haul them on they probably uh haul
their ass off and they're waiting to do after the new year the rest of them too just one of them
things that's one of the bad parts about traditional terrestrial radio man it really blows them and
sunday that for years we'd probably ought to be on kiss see if normal is like a real agent if he
was like a real hot shot he just said okay we'll continue uh this fiasco but Neil needs to be on
fm on kiss from finit to every day on that can you imagine that with a real single their numbers weren't
all accurate anyway i already got the uh we don't have to change the call letters either we just
change the logo a little bit instead of kiss country it could be kiss my ass right and every
hour then we could all we could josh and you and i could take turns picking our nose just you
know to keep those people tuned in well you'll have to take turns i'll do it all the time
oh yeah and of course with these bloody chumps now with this weather change man i got i got
to chumps up the old schnais 27 after one at five 60 wdc and lobster fest is back at the
emerald coast every friday through sunday florida's number one asian gourmet buffet is rated by
zagat restaurant review in addition emerald coast already can eat buffet now you can enjoy succulent
juicy melt in your mouth main lobster served thermidor style start your mouth water we experience
with a choice of six different suits maybe you want to dive into all six of them then sample dozens
and zillions of oriental treats including fried snapper nuttie sweet and sour sauce and old favorite
whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce you can also enjoy their brand new sushi bar feature you're
over 30 but 30 man different items i wouldn't be surprised next time that the greg and norma
get together they have sushi at the emerald coast if you still have room emerald coast out of this
world dessert bar features chocolate covered strawberries tiramisu and even tiramama su like it says
here and cheese cake as well so you want to make a bad type of like that i enjoy reading it on
here because it's kind of stupid don't forget the emerald coast for woe's healthy living cooking
all their fine cuisine with the best ingredients like cholesterol free canola oil no msg no crap no
msg headaches because they don't use any garbage and cooking in their stuff emerald coast real
cases for you there in sunrise sunny ales and febber pines that sunny ales beach and with
a holidays here right now at a great place to take all these are guests for a fantastic feast for
reservations call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 the world famous emerald coast chai
meant b OH
you're listening to me you'll roger
or
I don't care if they're from my rack to do use use you to the torture
Cause they're just playing their game in the past
It had to be worse with Saddam who say are you sure
Who's had the whole Arab world?
Really mad he's got the whole Arab world
Really mad he made the whole Arab world
Really mad who's had the whole Arab world so mad
Those prisoners were treated
Really bad they've made a strip naked for a photograph
And all of those soldiers had a laugh it made the whole Arab world so mad
They sat a rack with far right in our lap but now it's nothing
But it trapped the George Bush and his cronies are
For the crap he made the whole Arab world so mad
Absolutely
There's a bunch of grieving widows
Feeling sad and a lot of little children
Have no dad this war has turned out really bad
He made the whole Arab world so mad
There's a suicide bomber interact with a bunch of DNG scrap
To his back and when it explodes it's gonna burn
26.2 at 5.6 now is moment of building yet I'm sure he must be
Well I wouldn't know he wanted me to go look
No not I'm just curious in other words he didn't come in and bond with you and say happy a goi sure holidays
He doesn't do that often he ought to I wonder if his head still shaped
Well it's only one way to find out
Here's a fact from Ephraim and Bat Rouge Louisiana
And maybe you could talk in the writing too
Try to stop him from taxing anyone
Who's that? This guy's sending a nine page facts
The one you're reading right now
Oh Ephraim don't be sending us a nine page facts
He says that attaches a great article a little long but definitely worth reading
But wait I don't want a nine page article okay Ephraim because I'm getting out of here
Please he says move down here to a Bat Rouge in October after living in West Palm Beach for the past 41 years all of my life
It totally sucks in Louisiana
In fact he's trying to find out who put the lose in Louisiana
But the wife wants to be with her mom and so I'm stuck
Thank God I have you to listen to I'm introducing you to the Yahoo's here via the internet at work
They hear me laughing all the time I don't know what I was listening to
All seven paralegals including myself participate in your pool every day
I think you're catching on over here
Hugs and kisses from a brother and redneck via Louisiana
Well Hugs and kisses ever make foot packs and it's that order
So he's just starting to get a little porcupine okay
I pulled all the paper out good here's the pool so far our pool
What was the most important story of 2004 to you we got 513 votes
Let's start from the bottom up Scott Peterson trial game Eric Wunderpiece who cares
Reagan dies too who cares he was there was a blessing
How about Neil's mother dies that we didn't put that on there
I'll put that on there now Josh you clown too late
Oh hockey lockout for Janet Jackson's booby flap only six
Dolphin season of the Zaster 10 until last year three and a half minutes of last night's game
That is so they played four minutes of the game you know
And if wasn't for that great 72 yard part which are they never would have been in the game
See I keep rewinding it in my mind over it how could you lose that game
How could you do this to me you know I take it personal bill of check
I take that loss personal red stocks win the world series 20
Howard sperm sides with serious radio 21
Neil Rogers finds two extension with QM 59 for hurricanes in Florida 90
Bush wins the election 132 1300 plus dead US orgs in around 170 is what they say
5 6705 60 pound 5 60 in a variety and sing it around us line
Now did George go off and check the other rod didn't know your serious
No I'll go do the break you know I was one serious
WQM hello
Yes sir I want you to have a happy vacation thank you
I want you to die how's that I'll have a real happy vacation if the news comes that you die
And your ex neighbor too that would be great when that be dynamite although I don't think that was him
Now I guess it was yes the first part didn't sound like he's a little off his feet
WQM hello a meal yes sir how you doing today I'm doing how you doing all right listen
I'm trying to get in the heart a spear here and I was wondering if you could play that dead just Christmas song
The dead son yeah does that have anything in it George any of the word lean
Oh it's clean and pristine it's best dead dead dead dead dead I think that's perfect for today
Never great holiday paling you did a lot thank you see you
Dead dead dead someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead
Some day will all be dead WQM
The minute we're born we start dying we die a little more every day
Younger old Richard poor there's nothing we can do to stop it
So look long at that Christmas tree it may be the last one that you see
Decorate your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead
Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead dead
Someday we'll all be dead
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now
But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you
So be sure of Christmas Eve when you snuggle in today
That you thank God for your family because someday they'll be dead dead dead dead dead
Someday they'll be dead dead dead dead dead
Someday we'll all be dead
Who knows how many Christmas is left in the short night?
Nobody knows that's my voice enjoy the world you can
And so what Christmas morning let good tidings fool your head
What a festive season someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead
Someday we'll be dead dead dead dead dead
Everyone you know, Jack, are very merry Christmas to you
Dead dead dead
Merry Christmas everybody
You are the things that me or Roger sees
Corrections on 5.60.00.00.00.00.00
You am
Freedom and faith cheese
Great way he has a pair
Cracko records for this for the first time anywhere a fabulous two record collection of pop music
Greatest Sutterers like Foxes and Roman Rhyme
The incomparable David Bowie
The greatest names in pop music stammering and stuttering
They're way to the top of the fluttering record offers now
Oh you've got my
You know it, those Jackson
Three generations of great Sutterers and Stammers
And if you like now, Cracko will ruin a fabulous collection of Rhyme
With James Brown
Eddie Rogers, Pat Sennazar, What's the name of Rhyme
If you try to buy these rangers, they probably will put you away
You can only get a Rhyme
Cracko, Bruce and Rhyme plus Sutterers and Stammers
From Cracko, where we say, if you'll buy this, you'll buy anything
Hey, I'm Ashley, this one
Some of you guys might know me as Jessica
I think she's a little sister
And if I ever record an album, I want this guy to continue
Mom, to make these beautiful duets
We're on the California and present to you
We're on the California and present to you
And then we're gonna have to be used to you
Just like the one out
I'm just not feeling well at all
I just don't want to be on the level of the course
So, I'm ready to see how you got it
You got it all
You can be older or no, because if you're older, you get somebody else to be older
Are you lying?
No!
That's the only thing I gotta take this thing out of, you know, wait
My decision to change the Super Bowl performance was actually made after the final rehearsal
I am really sorry if I didn't want that was true or not
144 or 1602, we got Mohawar Davida to do you go in and bond a little bit?
No, you know, I forgot
Oh, I was eating chicken
Anyway, that's the thing from Leroy, my good friend Leroy
You know, we already put it on the website, that's as much publicity as we're gonna give you
The old pussy can't feed around a quarter of 79th in this game, which was like Club the Donna
And some other dark, complexed place
It's gonna be a...
That's a gay club you moron!
Right, that's what he wants, the little free publicity
So there you go Leroy, that's number one, number two
I cannot believe that Tommy, we love Tommy dearly, but did he really say partogues cigars and a one spot?
You know I wasn't listening
Oh, I'm so glad I should go talk to him if that's true
He said partogues, because I know Tommy is a connoisseur of fine smokes
Yeah
Not necessarily no cigars
56670560, pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines
How's old Miss Horkheimer doing these days?
Still alive
WQAM, hello
QAM
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, how you doing?
Great, I don't have a whole lot of material, but I haven't heard you play that song
Rudolph the Brown, those reindeer this year
You're Dane, right?
Can you play that?
Let me... is it okay, Joyce?
There you go
Thank you!
The Brown, those reindeer
You're welcome
Always wound up last day, right?
That's how you got up around those
Following to close behind
Welcome
All of the other reindeer
Love to make him calm their sneeze
They all would stop abruptly
And one of them would cut the jeans
Woo!
One day Randolph got set up
He said this just came
Okay, see Joyce, you've made a judgment too soon
I forgot all about that
Yeah, I think we've been had, don't you?
Set up
No
Yeah, it's kind of like Randolph's grandpa
Well, sorry about that, Pally, we gave it a fresh shot
You had a little bit of it in there
And then all of a sudden he cut the jeans
Who does that look at him?
Well, Jennifer just said, you know, a spread him and cut the jeans or something like that
And she just said that?
Something like that
5, 6, 7, don't be asking for fart sounds
Here, I thought that guy...
He must have been thinking he's been like sneak it in, so to speak, he's going to sneak one right on the ear
That'd be really careful when you sneak it
WDQA, I'm hello
What time is the Gregory Showed on?
Gregory Show is going to be on from noon till midnight starting next Monday
WDQA, I'm hello
Hey, Uncle Meal
Yes, I'm from Oakland Park
First of all, I wanted to wish you and George happy solstice
They're back to you, happy whatever, happy Armageddon
There you go
And speaking of, have you heard anything about Channel 45 TVN being off the air?
No, but that would be a blessing, that would be an act of God
I haven't, I haven't, I've been off the air, I've been getting up and but snow
Because every now and then I try and check to hear the crap that there are...
Is that the one that Jan and Paul crotch around?
Yes
Wow, that's true
Cool rich Presbyterian, twice the same day
Oh, God, they've had anti-Semite, right?
Yeah, yeah, and they've been...
It's like it's slightly been off the air and I get nothing but snow then it turns to blue
See, we're worried about our minor signal problems, at least we're still on air
Or at least you can hear us a little bit
Yeah, so I was wondering if you heard anything about why this was happening
Only just now
Okay
Thanks for the good news, man
Thank God
See you, Brad, this is my holiday, thanks
Bye-bye
And that good news?
Yeah, it all crotch has been punished for his home always...
Yeah, involuntary alleged, right?
Right
Boy, it's a good thing the show is coming to an end
I don't think I'm getting anything just a little scratchy from the heat, for this artificial heat
Speaking of the heat
Yeah, that's what's doing it
Oh, you know, I saw him on somewhere last night, some sports nerd show
Yeah
When I talk about this, and I'm Josh with a grie with this
His head is the size, there are... there are states that are like Delaware and Rhode Island
They're just smaller than Chex Head, am I right?
Yeah, you're right, that man has got a big head
I mean, some people say he got a good head on his shoulders
He's got a big head on his shoulders
Wow, that thing's the size of not Rushmore
It's bigger than a basketball
Oh, no question about that
It's bigger than like a watermelon
Somebody QAAM, hello
Hi, I just wanted to let you know Neil
My computer was cropping out on media the other night
You know, bells out, outsources to India
Right
My guy in India is answering the phone
Thank you for calling tech support. This is Neil Rogers
This is Neil Rogers?
Yeah, and I said, do you like who that is?
And he said, where are you calling from?
I said, Miami, he said another guy two months ago
I'd called him and told him about you
And he said that he had already heard about you from this other guy
But he's using your alien, an alien of your name, I asked him how he got it
He said he loves Kenny Rogers and Neil Diamond
Oh, wow
But there's some guy in India claiming to be you
I'm not sure you want to pick out of that
All that curry, well, I don't want to make you smell real bad
Or write your brain too
I hear you, Betty
I love your show, I listen to it every day
Thanks a lot, sweetheart, I have a good name
Bye-bye
And that kid, Kriman, who watched your brain
Especially with all that foul mouth potty language stuff they're playing on Power 96
How did they do? I didn't even look at their numbers
Well, take a look, I already gave him up
Well, I don't have him because it was like, man, you give me many team plus
Right, that's not their demo
No, we don't know
No, I let them go
So there was always no running around and celebrating
So I guess we're not kind of a ratings party, Chris is only a trend
Huh?
We didn't have a party, we did great
Yeah, I'll tell you one thing when we drop out to the table
If we have a decent December, we're going to kick some ass in the fall book
Indeed, from 10 to 3, you got a 9-2 and a 7 point
That sounds pretty good to me, that sounds like about a, let's see what is that?
9-2, about 2-2
So we got over an 8 and that's 18 plus
I think we're going to kick some big fat smelly ass in the fall book
Then we'll be dangerous
That's pure, it seems like Neil Rogers
It's course, it's just 18 AM
Hey, it's Howard, how it's fam
Howard Jean's back
And this side he's a rocket
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
Howard Jean's back
In concert
I've been everywhere man
I've been everywhere man
I've been everywhere
I've been to being those cars those Parko Minnes sort of level over on them
When it's close to the air, so they're going to go to those cars
And we're home on the campus, and I'm on the battle with Bob
We're going to South Carolina
And Oklahoma, and Arizona
And I'm going to California
And New York
I've been everywhere man
I've been everywhere man
We're going to California
And New York
We're going to South Carolina
And Oregon
And I'm going to New York
I've been everywhere
I've been to California
I've been to Boston cars
Because they used to believe in New York
And Oregon
We're going to California
And Texas
South upcoming
Black Rock
We're going locally
Kohly 
FL
gray
Nee
Check it out
And then we're gonna wash it in the sea to take that away out!
Yeah!
And now, a word from Howard Dean already.
Hey, hello there.
I'm Dr. Judas Steinberg.
Why if a presidential candidate hired Dean?
You can call me Julie.
Not Judge Julie.
What are you babbling about?
If it's not playing Bits already, I'll send you a fax-face.
Stop playing Bits.
We have a very special studio guest who wants to say hello to you.
Yes.
He'll be in this way.
Whoa!
Alright!
Don't, don't, don't.
You have no idea, man.
Do you miss me?
Yes.
I have a question for you.
Why doesn't worth a crap without the moment?
Yes.
I never thought I'd say that.
Did you?
No.
I'm watching the Ricky Williams interview on 60 minutes on Sunday.
Yes, I saw.
And I thought of you because...
Really?
He looks a lot alike.
Here's the reason why.
Yes.
As Mike Wallace is sitting across the table from Ricky,
do you ever think he was saying to himself,
which is more interesting?
This interview, or the one I did with Castro, about 68.
Yeah.
That's the most lost individual I've ever seen in the face of it.
Is that telling you how desperate they are?
I said, I must have been a slow news week.
You know, all these kids dying over in Iraq and all the stuff going on in the world.
And they're interviewing Ricky Williams on 60 minutes.
And they won't let you play a part bit.
Yeah, how do you like that?
I'm telling you.
What's life coming to?
Well, it's not too bad when you come right down.
When you're having a good life,
yeah, they're getting paid for playing golf every day.
It's not too bad.
It's only three days a week, but that's okay.
So you're going on vacation again?
Yes, sir.
Who takes more vacation?
You with a boss here.
I'll tell you who takes the most vacations of Maul as your partner on the broadcast.
Oh, right.
I have never seen anything like it.
It's one thing to teach people something, but he learned so well.
He passed me like I was standing still.
He's on permanent vacation with Erasmith.
He's like always on vacation.
Smart guy.
He's a former love child.
Whatever.
He's probably done as much as Ricky.
Now listen, your game last night, which you must I didn't...
I was watching on TV, but you must have been psychotic.
You must have been euphoric.
I got a hand at to him as much of a patriot Spanish I am.
That was the dolphin Super Bowl last night.
Fabulous game.
Well, I have tapes of the game if you'd like me to send it to you.
No, I have them on my TVR, but I erased it real fast.
No, no, the audio tapes.
Oh, audio tapes.
I'll give it to you in DVD.
You're given to me in your DVDs?
I didn't write DVDs.
You got it.
I don't think so.
Hey, happy Hanukkah.
And back to you, M.O.
How are David's coming along?
I would never...
If you hadn't have shouted something out, I was playing that...
Well, I wasn't saying hi.
I was like, how are somebody?
And he wanted to say hi to you.
How do you think it's not easy?
I've told you.
I don't know what it is, but there's something that's like that...
The scene in the hitcher would see Thomas Hall and Rector Hower.
Right.
There's a weird bond there.
I think we both like finger food.
Something like that.
I don't know what it is.
There's kind of a fun bond in there somewhere.
In addition to which, like I said,
did you show him the numbers?
Did you tell him about that?
No, I didn't.
I don't have them anymore.
I remember I told you.
Well, you can tell him that, you know, the Mr. Big Shot,
there was the publicity.
He had a number that Mokadamax had.
I'm sure beat it if we go back in some of those trends
without any problem at all.
There's times we had like five, something.
I mean, a four or six in October, especially when we had a seven in midday.
I'm sorry, man.
I'm sorry.
That's not worth the whole rest of the world sitting on the edge of their seats waiting for them
to finally take their last breath and go home until we're finally permitted to come on here.
I'm sorry.
I just am not buying it.
Where's the beef, baby?
Where's the meat, howie?
Anyway, have a great new year and a great Christmas and a great the closet and stuff like that.
And remember to go out for other Marlon Brander standing by the fish tank?
Be a friend of Michael.
Well, be a friend of George, even if a great hate site.
Bye-bye!
