Why do you questions?
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi honey, how was your day?
Unbelievable.
Terminal! There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, now that's a cop-up.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from febrile pines.
You know, big Yen-Fes, who say, all Neal, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I guess you're anything?
How about those vag boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
Incredible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got? I'm not. I'm not!
What slew follow got three points, something?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carav hot 105.
Terminal!
Un-believeable.
I guess I should apologize because I give Bo Neal Rogers disease when he should find his eyes.
I apologize a little bit.
Well, he should owe me an apology because he'd like try to hustle me into that big, uh, kissy kissy makeup.
Like I said, I don't really wish him now at this point.
Yeah, I'm trying in my own mind to come to an accommodation, some common ground.
Okay, well, at least I don't want to dance on his grave yet.
Happy medium.
And evidently, he's pretty sick. He's got the crud or whatever he's got.
I'm infectious!
Well, maybe I brought him SARS from the Obuikid frigid north.
Mad cow.
Mad cow SARS.
Or a combination of all these things.
But anyway, all I know is...
I'm infectious!
And when he shook my hand not once but twice.
I'm infectious!
That's what did it.
So pay back as a bitch, Moe, and feel better.
No, I don't want him to be sick.
I just don't want him coming in here and bitching about the beast that about this woman now.
And I'm not into that.
That's one of the reasons I'm so happy that I'm not here most of the time.
Is I'm not one of those people that like...
...lives my job round the clock.
You know, I'm here, I come in, I show up a little bit early, I get everything in order,
I do the best I can every day, and at two o'clock, bye-bye, that's it!
Call the show on the way home.
Call the next show, man, it's on the way home.
Call up and bitch out somebody at home.
I'm not into the weekend, you call up the...
See, maybe God is punishing him for his aberrant ways.
Maybe this is like Ebenezer's screwed, even though it's a little bit after the holidays.
But maybe the Lord...
Yeah, guys.
...trying to show him the evil of his the era of his gateways.
And try to get him to like calm down a little bit.
All I wanted to do was co-exist.
That's all.
I'll be more than happy to co-exist with him.
Good morning, how you doing?
Have a nice life, get out of my way, get the hell out of my face.
Stuff like that.
Just go away.
But I certainly don't want to like bond with him or talk or have him tell me who I should be friends with or who I should like or who I should dislike and how to beast his a piece of schmitt and this one is that.
I'm not into that.
But he was not against it today.
I'm infected!
For the second day of the road, I'm glad that both finally strained it out because people were...
People coming up to me, I don't even know what the track last night.
Oh, is it true Joe Rose got suspended?
No.
If you want the truth, listen to this show.
Don't listen to this baby crappie here on the sport shows, okay?
Especially certain people we have on a station, Gully and Bo.
Joe went out to visit his dad for his birthday.
I don't know, West Coast.
He's a California boy.
He went out there for a couple of days.
He's coming back Monday.
He'll be back on the year.
Barry Jack has tells you when his column is sworn that the deal is just about done.
My sources tell me.
And believe me, it's nobody inside the building.
See, it's really sad.
And I'm sure the Humperer and Mad Dog and everybody else would agree with me on this.
That you have to find out what's going on around here by way of Greg Reed's Pimp.
Barry Jack has.
Because not only does he talk to us, but we didn't even get a memo saying,
well, guess what? Joe Rose is going to be sat in his deal next week.
And he's going to be in their permanent from 8 to 10, which we're all excited about.
And we are.
And we are.
And the formal people, which I'll give you that poll result from for all yesterday.
I wish I could tell all the stories that I just found out about today.
Of much of the stuff that he pulled around here.
I just don't want to go into it on here.
It's just didn't even for me.
It's too degrading and grotesque.
There is no way that anybody would do the stuff that he did here.
Forget about on the air stuff.
Off the air.
And possibly have any chance of keeping a job.
Is there none?
No.
Less than none.
I mean, stuff that I never even heard of before.
Just incoherit.
Just there are no words for it.
Oh, he was just having fun.
Yeah.
Wow.
I mean, just spastic stuff.
So those of you who if you miss him fine, I miss him too.
I only I wish there was something I could have said to him or somebody could have said to him like
Straighten them out.
Kind of down just just a little bit.
Just a few notches.
I mean, you know, it's it's just like my own reminds me of it's like my minpin rest in peace.
You know, I mean, that dog was crazy and wild, but but at least within certain parameters.
In other words, not just constantly running around the house and crappin' in every room and just you know just once in a while.
No, you know what I'm talking about.
I do.
But with Pharrell, I was like, man, I'm not a la La La!
And it just never stopped!
And it's sad because I mean there's some real talent there and a lot of people like them.
In fact, look at, he has to eat his pool.
By the way, I think this is sabotage these pork rinds.
There was a question.
Feed everybody pork rinds this morning.
In fact, I got a bunch.
There's no carbs in them.
They'll get porky about it.
Uh, no, I'm just getting it choked up about it.
It's the kind of thing, it's like popcorn.
It makes you feel like everyone is.
All the, all the, all the, have any kernels.
It doesn't have kernels like popcorn, which that's the part of the popcorn that gets stuck in it.
has the sergeants captain's in fact it's his and your no time for sergeants
spray this although if we had the Warren Cromarty here the crow it's
pretty little sergeants on there that's what he wears that used to think it was
cashmere bokeh at sergeants flea powder yeah well keeps them fleas out of
your system keeps them pesky critters away from it so Barry Jackass writes
this morning in his QM programming lineup isn't this pathetic this is
the most seriously they're paying me a lot of money so I'm not complaining at
all but I just want you to understand how much more pleasant it could be here
if we had managed mithack knew how to communicate with anybody instead of
running and hiding all the time and running and hiding and playing hide and
seek and then when he wants to say something always doing it through his through
his pipeline Barry Jackass this little putt a backer at the herald who said to
me appears in their port Toronto a few years ago you know a lot of what you
write about me is true yeah Barry you're a little puss and mommy still brown
bags it for me and drives you to work at the herald every day and you're a
little piece of crap couch potato is an understatement couch turd is what you
are Barry your Greg's turd anyway he says wqm sets lineup dot-up ratings at
one well that that's all we're here for today I'm not gonna be anybody else you
should have seen muffin here this morning she was just running around me but I
mean should I get to this you know yeah give me a crying towel get me a
crying talk because I think it's all the east there then he's supporting the
town yet there's the least a sporting one and a towel too and we got his
muskrat over here I'll wait till mougat's back next week get better mull we
don't want you to die now why you making faces when I said that wqm general
manager Greg Reid said yes today he's close to an agreement to make Joe Rose the
permanent host from eight to ten a.m. Reid had considered pairing rose with Steve
Goldstein which Gellie wanted badly oh but decided to have Rose work alone and
Goldstein remain with Howard more Howard David in the five to eight a.m. slot
Greg Reid said to his boyfriend Barry Jackas maybe they got a little something
going the two of them you think and then it goes on about oh you're killing me
with his pork rise the eat of none and hail him oh they get stuck in your throat
man there's nothing worse when pork gets stuck in your throat even
square agree with me on that then about the big O'erlendu also querying how he's
a second straight you're spending money for zero line and hope 12 cross go to
the super bowl and mobile and next one scouting a combine in the Indianapolis
and doing talks shows from both of that he's a good guy the big O the good news
is he in on the night yeah that's the best news Joe and Mark are you to me
how did I do you know that no I didn't seven to ten p.m. like you're right in
almost prime time as opposed to being buried overnight which is what those guys
want real bad they want a shot you know like Jimmy would say so seven to ten
tonight following um the hopper the load maybe today's the day I finally see
the hopper because he's back in the town today after plunging his guts and
probably eating up the storm at the crystal palace in Bahamas the hoppers back
in the studio today so we got a fairly pristine line except that Moe was out
sick again this morning I'm infectious and uh bow was in for a Joe and no
Moe but other than that fairly pristine as pristine is it ever gets around
here boy I was sure wish how many years have I been saying that we ought to get
like a toe back on the ground but I can't do it we're like in perpetual motion
we're like a plane that never lands anyway the big O says this and says that but
the big news they're in very jackass is anxious column with his little
pudgy put a push there in the upper left hand corner is that WQM general
manager Greg Reed says it's a done deal Joe Rose is gonna ink the deal and he
probably held up Greg pretty good which is excellent ice going Joe stick that gun
right up his ass and say hey cuz like what choices he got who else is gonna
put in the big the whole way bowl as much as we like him is he going in there
no chance good guy but wow but you know he's got no other choices he has no
alternatives left right I'm thinking to screw on with issue anymore we're not
moving we're not changing our time 10 to 2 is it take it or leave it and after
the ratings come off this afternoon you might want to leave it but that's okay
I'll take the check thank you so that's what we got going on here now yesterday
we asked in our third of three pulls we had I think over I'm not really sure
close to two thousand votes combined with the three pulls so I don't know if
anybody's really listening but boy you sure got a lot of people voting on our
with the hoppin on our pole it's one busy guy yeah could be 114 votes
you Q and bring for our back well especially after what I heard this morning
that ain't gonna happen believe me that ain't gonna happen what a wild child I'm
trying to be I'm trying to restrain myself please bring it back tomorrow 426 38
and a half percent month for all back tomorrow he don't work on Saturday no way
he sucked 258 23.3 percent I'd love it but it wouldn't last there you go now
you're starting to get a little lukewarm now you got your thumb on it 250 said I'd
love it but it wouldn't last 22.6 percent and who the hell is Scott for real
170 15.3 percent well he wasn't really here that long five and a half months
even though we don't believe that number oh no he's sneak this in while I wasn't
looking they always mark the facts are you're a great
facts are you're a good guy but I this is the third time you've asked this to me
I don't want it I don't want it I don't want it stop doing this to me nine
pages of stuff that's all speculation that it's just a rehash about Michael
Moore said I don't want to I gonna do with this stuff huh I might as well use
it for toilet paper stop it Mark you're going from being one of our best
factions to be in a real pain in the arse I've had a cancel that thing three
freaking times now stop doing it Mark stop now so anyway 11.04 on the votes
yesterday and the bottom line is they'd like for well back but they're a lot
of sensible people out there realize it might how many minutes would that last
but third man I would be the end of that so that takes care of yesterday's third
pull ratings coming out of one today in the course the one thing I did find out
which I wish muffled it told me a long time ago he just like seeing me suffer is
that I made a bad mistake when I extrapolated it which I really do because I'm
pretty good at numbers I've had a few good numbers in my time but and I thought
that they had a five six year in men in the morning and come to fight out in
November they had a three two we had a four four which is a disaster and they
have to do it a four nine I'll tell you one thing mad dog and the and the load
they are really they're doing it I mean that combo back to back from those
hours two to seven they are just sitting the world on fire I'm gigantic they
are they're big they're huge especially the you load
why load five six eight eight eight in fact I heard from the crystal palsy of
the day Hank had a sign on his back though it did say wide load come on loosen
out to two before you come into the Hank purge a little bit puky your guts
out you know I'm we're trying to do the best to keep him alive right what are
you gonna do nothing I listen I know if anybody knows how difficult it is we
just all blow up in fact the well I got better do the spot let's tell you
about some great folks at Armstrong Toyota of Hollywood of homestead what I
just say arm's dead homestead I thought I said that locally owned and operated
these guys have been treating people right for a long long time you'll find them
on us one just 20 minutes out of 836 Armstrong Toyota of homestead is worth
the drive to say a hell of a lot of cash thousands and thousand dollars on
brand new beautiful Toyota's check out their great least prices you can get
yourself an oh four Tacoma two-wheel drive regular camp for just a hundred and
sixty nine bucks a month an oh four echo is only a hundred and seventy nine
bucks a month how about an oh four silica GT for just two oh nine a month and
with every car purchased at Armstrong Toyota homestead you'll get free
sun pass and don't forget these guys were the first dealer in the area to offer
your free tires and batteries for life if you're looking for an SUV Armstrong
Toyota homestead about a huge assortment of RAV4s high-liters four-runner
Sequoias Land Cruises general manager David fat rich and a staff will do
whatever it takes to put you in a brand new great Toyota today so
experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're committed to a
hundred percent customer satisfaction their service department is open week
nights till eight p.m. to make sure they can get all the work done that is
humanly possible and it's conveniently located US one and two hundred ninety
third-speed in the homestead only 20 minutes south of the 836 oh it's well worth
the drive because of your sick and tired of those mega dealers who over
promising and under deliver big time here's where you ought to be good to go
on call David rich Armstrong Toyota homestead GM right now at three oh five two
four two thirty two forty seven for an unbeatable deal Armstrong's Toyota of
homestead drive a little and save a hell of a lot and that brand new Toyota
to your girlie man yes I am one man trapped in a strange world must defend his
honor his woman and also that weird cult thing he's in
Elron hunter was not a nut he was the sanest man who ever lived
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist it's as legitimate as any other major
religion only for the last Scientologist if you call him gay he'll sue you
for a hundred million dollars but if you call his religion crazy he'll cut
you in half lengthwise with a four foot samurai sword
Nicole wasn't so it's doing but I'm pretty sure Penelope will be and if not he's
even willing to die for Dianetics he is the last Scientologist
what do you want from me I mean besides my pain my fortune to
bleach control of my life and oh yes my soul Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist
unless you count John to vote to a Jenna Elven and a few other gullible Hollywood
ads the last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you
I'm thinking of J.Lo Ben Aflock and Puff Diddy I think that the three of them just
ought to join the church of Scientology and get it over with already and you see
the story a couple nights ago about well they were in a nightclub there and P Diddy
had to be a coms just had to be there at the wrong time and this one did this
and her body got a little out of sorts all the other crap who cares do you talk
about desperate to get and not only that it won't help anyway because the more
desperate they are and the more publicity yet then a few people go and say like
G. Lee they go and see that and they like that nobody and it just makes them look
that much worse because they have no talent I sure wish J.Lo's bodyguard would
manhandle me because they're boring they are so frickin boring God Ben Aflock and J.Lo
anyway here's the poll question today I like this one which of these do you care
about the most once in a while we do one like this and then we have like let's
see three six nine ten here's something to keep you busy over the weekend
beside the playoff football which of these do you care about the most sending
a man to the moon Michael Jackson case arrangement today by the way Michael Jackson
case Scott Lacey Peterson case the Iowa primary four-way dead heat although
carries a little bit ahead where did he come from what would that happen while
we were sleeping while we weren't looking Dean was been ahead consistently and
totally his performance in those debates was going to hurt him and I tell you
that you did and then when he admits that he wasn't prepared for that question
from Al Sharpen that'd be bad and then Carol mostly brown did nice job of
trying to like you know resurrect all of that I'm dropping out and supporting
Howard which is nice but that did its damage evidently John Kerry who's
really looking kind of scary I mean he does he doesn't have that presidential look
kind of like Thomas Jefferson the only problem is Thomas Jefferson now would be
200 some odd years old that's the problem when you agree yes yes anyway which
of these do you care about the most sending a man to the moon Michael Jackson
case Scott Lacey Peterson case Iowa primary that's Monday night who killed
cock robin I just threw that in there when is for our coming back when is
more leaving when is they want that leaving hockey or the NFL playoffs that
that covers a lot of it don't it sure I mean I could put on there getting laid
but that's obvious you know right who doesn't care about that getting eating eating
food I was afraid what you're going to say eating oh eating pork on sure it's
eating pork so anyway there's your choices and hop on it okay have a good time
have a great life and we're gonna take a nap till one o'clock we're gonna have
you know what we're gonna have today brain sandwiches oh I saw that this morning
and sitting there I thank God I don't even know breakfast fear of mad cow disease
hasn't kept Cecilia Cruz oh no Cecilia Cohn maybe Cecilia Cruz died from
the too many brains I'll tell you one thing about our management here a QA
and nobody will ever die from having too many brains guarantee you that hasn't
kept her from eating her beloved deep fried cow brain sandwiches in Evansville
Indiana ever been Evansville Indiana no do not go okay she's more concerned about
what the cholesterol will do to her than suffering the brain wasting disease found
in a cow in Washington state on by the way fat rich stop ordering that sugar-free
cake at the track and then it's sucking me into doing it too because I'm weak has
no taste sugar-free chocolate cake it's loaded with carbs it has absolutely no
it's it's as tasty as a big like pile of good together soda I'm serious dry
dry as a bone so stop doing it Rachel came only here for a short period of
time and quit that's right a fool everybody you're not fooling me he's eaten
the bread he's eaten the the sugar-free chocolate cake stop it rich you're
gonna be a dead man I'm gonna start getting pissed off with fat people because
they're gonna kill me too yeah they were what do I need that for I'm sitting
there very content makes them feel better I made a nice comeback last night
thanks to my close best friend Mickey McNichol and Richie Silverman nice to
wish boy thanks Richie I did I got almost even last night right is that what
I saw about you the need even with who no no that's that's bad to say in it
who's a little bit better he's so terribly sick hey like I said I tried I gave it
a shot and I realized I was just getting sucked into a position that I'm not
interested in taking and I don't like him and I don't like what he does
around here I don't like the fact that they let him do it that's what bothers me
the most I don't blame him so much is the fact that they tolerated when you
have somebody like that who's such a Schmitt disturb you sit the person down
you look them in the eye and say listen you're creating too much havoc too much
hysteria I don't care how many lawyers and agency God how about your contract
says the fact that a matter is we have to coexist here and stop trying to brow
beat and you know bully everybody around we we can't deal with that that's why
it's such a freaking unpleasant environment here isn't that the way it's done
like in a real place of business I realize that right a real place of
business which leaves us out anyway getting back to the brains I think I'll have
hardening of the arteries before I have mad cow disease said Cecilia picking up
a brain sandwich to go at the hilltop in during your lunch hour I have some
brains to go let's get some of that for Greg here's some brains to go Greg go
where to lunch this is a better than snail better than sushi better in a lot of
different delicacy a thing she said the brains battered with egg seasoning and
flour pop up when cooked they pump when you cook them they're served hot
heaping outside the bun it shows the picture I'm not you saw this one and it's
like they're just just oozing out over the edges of the bun reveal they're
traced back to a time when southern Indiana newcomers from Germany and Holland
wasted little oh that's more that great Dutch cuisine unwasting some families
have their own recipes passed down over to generations a little mad cow
hysteria won't scare this crowd said coana bank teller who likes her brains
sandwich served with mustard and pickled onions mm-hmm there's lunch she says
you're gonna die anyway either die happier diamonds or bullets the German
attitude ain't it the local delicacy the served an area German heritage restaurant
like the hilltop in a former stagecoach stop in the Ohio River City to open in
1837 they're also popular to animal festivities like Evansville's fall festival
where they typically sell out at early church food so they're eating brains
baby they're not getting no smarter but they're eating brains they're sucking up
big time
into that sound great oh Jesus God I'm just gonna start getting a really upset
mark stop packs of the articles okay you're gonna start getting on my
shmitless you're going from the good list to the bad list stop bugging me not in
the mood for all this pages and pages of conspiracies talk about obsessive
we're not gonna change the world on this radio show we're here to entertain the
public it's not where we're not gonna change the world especially in this god
for second time now my other question is where is everybody I don't know you
think they're taking like a long holiday because of the Monday Martin Luther King
holiday I don't think so in fact you know muff what a wise ass he is he says to
me well you know Monday's a holiday so I said what I said well who's gonna be
here on Monday said nobody except you talk guys so others will be here right
although we have the option we could not be here but it would be fake I'm not
interested in celebrating that holiday I am I'm name it you name it no but I see I
like to save that day for another time right that's just one of these people that
calls every now I just won't be in tomorrow what I just I don't feel like
showing up I never heard of such a place but that's the way it works here so
Monday will be here but but there's nobody in town I was at the track last
bad at Pompe no Park and believe me we could have a command performance during
a clubhouse if we had a bit 50 bucks on a race most of it would have been
betting against their own money I mean that's how it was nobody there and I'm
driving to work every day this week this is now date number five and I'm not
complaining about it I'm very delighted to be honest with you but the the
traffic is like I would say a step above holiday traffic it's not like complete
wasteland like during the major holiday like you know for the July something
like that but it's one step beyond it I don't know what's going on maybe the
rapture happened and everybody tells me that what happened here this year is
that the snowbirds and some of the other people they came down those who were
coming anyway they came for Christmas to Nuka New Year for the holidays and
then they went back where they came from must be because of the warm weather
up north that must be it I don't I don't get it well what's happening to this
place maybe they found a better and this notion that I'm missing something here
oh okay let me tell you right now the driver's suck it's boring here nobody speaks
English what else that's it how about that great local news that's it that's
all there is the driver's suck nobody wants to speak English everybody hates
each other it's boring and that's it there's there's nothing I'm missing a
matter where I am so anybody that would give me that crap well you're really
out of touch I'm not a top-punching it I know what you're talking about the NFL
playoffs now we're talking baby I see the beast is walking around with his
like three Tommy Jersey the Tommy Brady Jersey sewn together this morning
old number 12 the conference championships I noticed the dolphins aren't in
either game first of the AFC championship which is where they would be if they
had a team in a coach which at least you care about most the NFL playoffs 14 the
Iowa primary eight who killed cock robin eight when is Moe leaving eight when is
for alcomon back 70s not when's Dave wants that leaving three I'm surprised
that isn't doing a lot better hockey three that's what I voted for okay well
I'm care I'm concerned about hockey not the Iowa primary because the
Iowa primary is kaka crap who cares about your budget of a cornhole farmers
out there in Iowa it's not even an election it's a caucus it's do caucus
seriously it's not even a regular election I mean the whole process is such
crap it's designed to create chaos and it's a
work all in one day okay right it's like an endurance contest well if you can
survive Iowa and New Hampshire well who the friggers a godflying crap about
Iowa and New Hampshire who cares about those places it's stupid I was just like
the electoral colleges stupid let's we're talking about well we want to make
sure they have fair and free elections in Iraq when we're gonna have them in
America what's that gonna start he's starting up again a guy to one the election
and two thousand from president by half a million votes that fair and square one
the electoral college then got job for Florida got screwed out of the election
by the buddies there are the asshole buddies on the Supremes and we're
talking about fair and free elections who now are we I'm gonna crap it well
look at that mode just passed the cock robin when's they wants that leave in five
sending a man to the moon three hockey three Scott Lacey Peterson case only two
and a Michael Jackson case only appear also not only Michael Jackson
Raymond today but Catherine Harris oh it's gonna make her announcement I
guarantee she's running which makes me very happy by the way because she's a
real that fucking bit and bring back a lot of bad memories and she's gonna get
like 80 billion people to go out to vote against the Republicans this November
that ordinarily would have sat on their ass at home
my feet are you're with me you don't say a little strung back won't get no
parole it's time to deep friendly boy now oh they got injections and a lethal
people are waiting for the moon to fall but I don't think that that's the way to go
no no all right
let's send a deep friendly boy number could give up just like a
police soul we breathe on time to until the phone call it's time to
be friendly boy now on the nation when nationwide news all around the world
huh CNN international let's be primed right on there it'll teach them a lesson 10
thirty two five sixty w.m. so anyway mark who's been faxing me all of the
stuff since being other one it says sorry Neil I didn't know that long facts
had failed to go through earlier no it didn't fail to go through I canceled it
okay as soon as I said saw second page of nine cancel stop stop the insanity
man I use the facts over that tries to respond automatically we send so that's
why I tried multiple times I'll give you a breather on the faxes although there
was another one already in the pipeline before I sent this again my sincere
apologies don't do it again Mark you're a good guy you sent some good stuff but
enough already okay enough stop stop send the first page that's all we need
well I know that in this particular case it wouldn't have been anything because
it's a lengthy article in the first page doesn't really sum it up but it's just
it's a much speculation and we've already been down that road many times
before about nine eleven this and I'm loving that like I said Michael Moore said
it as well as anybody better than this guy so stop mark and look at this here we
go again here's another one and it's the same one it's the nine page job again I
think I may just kill myself before those numbers come out maybe we can have a
double me in me in the old moment someone else has said God WQAM
hey how you doing happy Friday sir hey how you doing all right yes sir listen if
you know the gold chain the foot of panels were burned yeah Bobby Longo yes the best
he's the best right if he had King say's prepared yeah isn't this the same guy to
call Gellie this morning no no no okay I think it is same dark yeah five six seven
oh five sixty if they scored three goals a period five six seven oh five
sixty pound that was so bad one that was so desperate he want you know
again other guy wants the program to show he wants to hear what are you putting
your head on a thing said they're all trying see leave that stuff to me okay but you all
want to have your own little show you're trying to orchestrate the thing we got the one
guy in a fax machine we got the very first color out of the box but that's okay it's a
good diverse and to kill three hours before those numbers come out what take anything
that's all we're here for today I'm very serious about that we all know that anybody
would have a brain inside the building which leaves several people out let's have some
sandwiches might as well do something worthwhile what arrested whatever those brains used
to be right Greg now brother what a guy you know how they say water seeks its own level
that's why he consorts with Barry Jackass birds of a feather consort together trust me WQ
am one of you guys I think WQM hello yes sir okay Tony Wilson yeah I want to talk about
today for and the for and thing yeah the whole thing you don't worry about the whole thing okay no
no you think I'm talking about the fact that white people are more to hear for and in the morning
yeah the problem is that there's no alternatives look at the new guys in the six and up there please
fashion asshole these guys he's just another right wing asshole man from tap another FLA
reject yeah yeah there you go well it's another beautiful move by PD Bolger and David Ross
dollars the cheap panel people I was the rest of the rest of the evil as some logic in what he said does
he went and when did that start must be since he stopped taking in pills or started taking some new
ones but you never listen to just glam faggot it's horrible okay well I'm glad for the good news thanks
for the report five six seven he said it's horrible is what he said blend wreck on the i.o.d.
hey listen all the right wingers it's just like the thing with Fox they want to hear the same
propaganda around the clock and fine have a good time bye bye with three campaigning days left
before monday's conquist is pulls indicate the i will race is tight in a way statistical four-way
tie between Howard the Dean Dicta Gebhard John Edwards and John's Kerry in fact a Zogby poll
that came up this morning shows and I wrote it down somewhere but I think I schmit candid oh don't
do that not again I keep doing that I keep schmit can and shmit can't do it well I did it I had
it here somewhere anyway it was uh 24% for Kerry 19 for Dean I mean oh yeah right Kerry
Accord is obi today is five points I had in Iowa and let me say it again where did that come from
do we have anybody in this audience who's a John Kerry person nope who carries it off to send
it very best I don't know how did he ever do any of the polls we've taken I forget I'm not
going to do it again minuscule is it was a consequential so where did this come from I don't know how
is he all of a sudden balloon the head I think more than he's ballooning the head well I think the
deal is that you're going to see the same thing Dean is already losing some ground in New Hampshire
and I think you're going to see Clark a very strong second there and then of course in south
Carolina Edwards are probably do real well maybe even Julie Berman and it'll just you know it'll
be like a broker convention and all of a sudden Clark is going to be the man I think the fix is
already in who by the way now says he was against the war right from the start right well he
thinks we have doggy Alzheimer's and maybe we eat too much deli like he did we do brains I wonder
if the brains are a kosher no I don't think about how about tripe is that kosher is a trait no that's
our poll question today is tripe trait w a m hey pretty good hey early this week I was real mad at
you man when you kind of made up with m m oh yeah I felt like a reminded me the golf
I was a part of golf I was like what he said hey the old man is slipping yeah I wasn't like well
didn't apologize for that and say that he didn't mean it yeah I got suckered in I got suckered in
well at least expected it and being an old softie like I am I said okay well why to help continue
this but then when he came in here the very next day for about a five minute bitch session and
bitching out this one and that one and I realized he's not going to change he's just a cranky nasty old man
just a troublemaker and I started calling you that David I couldn't get through right you first
said that and I was going to tell you this a matter of time when he tried to blow out a George when
he tried to do everything with be said with all these other people right like you to see it
this is not going to change he's an arrogant piece of crap man I said I couldn't say it any better
real quick for George George is George ever get a chance to see the preview for a hellboy
yeah looks great thanks for the uh he said it looks great and thanks for the memories all right take
to the party five six seven we're just going to you know call up and say whatever you want
because we got no I'm serious I got like those other great I got my usual pile of stuff here but
I'm out into it I know I know I know you mean because this particular rating day we already know
that these stands for when you call it D day that these stands for disaster and also for Duff
big doom and Duff doom and disaster Duff get off this instant because he's sitting in there like
he's probably got the green apple question that he and clearance are probably like trying to chase
so you can get to the tea room first all they can probably like you know use the old side by each
see I'm a little bit lyrier that about people who like are sitting in their in the
joining stalls talking while they're doing their habolutions I don't know oh that's so bad
unless you're having a like really intense episode well you want to have you want to be a lot
of the intense is you need to be when you sit down you don't always know exactly what's coming
fun to chat while you chat while you you can't say that chat while you're shmat
you can't say a word yes there is it look at it's not in the dictionary wrong
go find I'll bet you your life on it we can go in the online dictionary yes I don't want to spell
it okay you spell it you smell it there's no past tense words yes there is you look it up I'm looking
I'll bet your Greg's life on it I'll bet you his brains for lunch you'll see we've already had
this discussion your doggy all time is kicking in again must be that unwanted kiddieers
to really put in a pressure on guarantee shmat all right we sat and we shmat and gave
you to their little pat while we have a chat did you find it I'm going to oh gee okay we'll do
it during the break all right twenty to eleven at five sixty w qu and we got the uh umper the uh
the muhuzy the hump or the thumper the bumper the rumper my good close personal friend the mad dog
too which I noticed he's getting pretty tied over a Tommy Brady lately said Tommy's coming down for
three weeks Tommy called him like on a first name basis and even though he hasn't spoken to him yet
he said well I just can't wait for him to get here he's a very handsome young man who can't
see that exactly good point so the mad dog will be along it too with his predilections for the playoffs
the humper the humper the thumper the bumper and the aload will be in it for hopefully lost an
ounce or two it's joe and mark tonight for the big oh at seven because he's on his way to San Jose
or some place paint his own way again who to help who would pay for him you're right I'm wrong
Eddie Kaye I told you manters such a word and don't be saying it mr ms mr pass tense of uh
right a part of simple uh uh uh uh uh uh the reference you can click on tend to do
us any decay and then we got uh spawning news radio from two to six in the morning and do we ever find out what station ESPN radio was on no well let's keep it that way
Yeah, and oh I forgot that we weren't doing uh, three breaks this hour. My bad. You said we had to do four. Right. I had taken the rejoins out and then I changed my mind so we have no rejoin. Oh, okay.
I like it. I like it. Hey, we were busy talking anyway. Okay, so this fuck off. Right?
Yeah, it was.
I might use.
I.
It is.
I told my lawyers.
I was having the bad.
I said that I do. You asked for it.
I have too much food. I can't hold my liquor. I got drunk again. Last time I did that. I kissed with God. Oh, baby, baby.
I popped up you.
Then there is a door. I said.
Britney's banging some real gross guys allegedly anyway and people want to be all the head of a roll guys ought to be really pissed off about that.
I'm not a number to they are. Oh, and I yes, who I watched this morning for about a minute. I miss and she is a docky.
Jackie Johnson. Oh, by the way, I also by the way, by the way, why do I keep saying that? I understand. By the way, uh, the audio on Channel 7 on my cable, which is Media One.
The audio on Channel 7 has been screwed up for months and months. Every time I come home, I turn on Channel 7 briefly. If you watch it on the uh, direct TV, the audio is fine.
So it's not Channel 7. It's the cable. It's Media One. So Media One, you people suck. Get the audio straightened out. Okay. How could it possibly be like that? They don't care.
They just don't. Right. They just don't care. Boy, can we relate to that here or what? What do you think? Do about it? Okay. Yeah. Right.
What I'm going to do about it is maybe cancel the cable. How's that? I need like a hole on the head. What do I need that for? I got 400 satellites.
I like it. It's not there. Not like if you're DSL. And you get a much better picture on the local channels on direct TV plus the audio with no screwed up.
The only thing is on direct TV. You don't get like the UHFs like Channel No Speaking English One and No Speaking English Two.
But you have to hook up the loop. What do you want to know? You know, you know, you know, why would ever watch those channels? Oh, you're missing so much. Good stuff. Like what? I don't know.
Okay. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly. Possibly.
He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that
He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune. He was great singing that other tune.
Erwin Maxwell is still mad, he's still dead by the way.
Maybe they're comparing dieting notes and that big weight loss clinic in the sky.
They're up there looking down and Dr. Bob is saying, God damn bastards, they're making
all the cash now that I'm dead.
And it also shows you just to give you an idea of how accurate and valuable this information
is in Newsweek.
You know what this is like?
This is like a doctor trying to perform surgery based on an article in the Readers Digest.
Or better homes and gardens.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
It's just ludicrous.
It's silly.
Also, inside food is medicine.
Can tomato sauce help you ward off cancer?
Well, how many years have we been here in that?
Dr. Man.
And instead of showing like a picture of a tomato, what do they show you?
Picture of a slice of pizza.
Oh yeah.
Well, they're sure a lot of tomato sauce and pizzas in there.
No.
In addition to which pizza is a sauce.
Here are pure carbs, man.
Oh geez.
And all of this other silly crap.
So here's a going beyond Actions.
And it's showing you this and showing you that separating the good carbs from the
bad and instead of having a white frozen bagel, have a hundred percent whole grain bread.
Right.
And it shows you the glycemic load free to one of these things.
It is so boring, man.
Now, not as boring as those perk lines you gave me this morning.
Those are bad.
Why didn't you give me that for?
Why did you get a start of that?
I didn't need those.
I didn't get that.
I didn't get that.
I didn't get that.
I didn't have a bag there.
They have no taste.
I told you that.
And if this was a tear up your mouth, maybe yours.
You heard that?
A tallow coating.
Yeah.
Man.
560, 560, pound, 560 on EAT and T. and Verizon Wireless on the ratings.
The fall book was going to be out in two hours and ten minutes.
And I'm going to tell you, trust me when I tell you, it's going to be a gigantic fall.
NFL playoffs, they care about more than anything else.
38.
Which of these do you care about most?
NFL playoffs 38?
When is Mo leaving 25?
The Iowa primary 25?
Maybe Mo can win the Iowa primary.
It seems like everybody else is moving up.
Who killed Cock Rob in 16?
I'm actually interested in part of that.
When is Farrell coming back?
12.
Setting a man to the moon 12, especially if we know who's going to be first.
There was another light at the editor I think in the hearled this morning about praising the president for the thing about the man in the moon, only if he goes first.
Great letter.
Nice going, honey.
Whoever you were.
When is they wants that leaving ten?
Hockey eight, Michael Jackson case four, and Scott Lacey Peterson only three.
I'm so glad for that.
Hey Larry, you're an idiot baby.
Okay.
No, where is that thing?
Don't be trusted already.
Scott haven't used that little box in so long.
567.
That's what's grand said too, but nobody believed you.
567.0560, pound 560 on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Lumber.
We're looking for somebody who's a John Kerry supporter.
Maybe they can talk us into it.
You think so?
No.
Back way back in the beginning.
I'm talking about many months ago before anybody was even talking about Howard Dean, because I was one of the early Dean people.
Even before that, right?
My choice was John Kerry.
And then of course I saw how he waffled on the war and how he was all over the place and of course how ineffectual he was and like frumpy and dumpy and old and you know.
I don't like his tood.
Is that it?
He's sour.
Right.
See Dean offers optimism.
I just somehow can't imagine the resilience of young people.
I'm sorry Wayne.
In jillions of young people all over the country coming out and getting all motivated and getting on the internet like you know registering to vote for John Kerry.
Prune face.
Exactly.
Even worse than the Celia Cruz.
I think it is Celia Cruz.
Do you think that's possible?
Freddie Cruz.
I think it's a possibility that they shift off Celia Cruz a little bit of work on that push and it come to find out that's John Kerry in drag.
But anyway, we'll find out from somebody.
Maybe WQA and hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
This is George.
Yes.
George is Richard.
Hey, Richard where you're called from?
This is Neil Godden.
It's from the Neil God.
How about your friend?
This is Richard from Neil Godd.
What does that mean?
Neil Godd?
Urban Jones.
No, no.
No, Richard from Neil Godd store.
Neil Godd store?
Yeah.
Oh our website guy.
Oh the website guy.
Oh, I'm here.
I call him here.
We're talking to us.
We're going to screen this around the area.
We're going to screen this around the area.
We're going to screen this around the area.
Welcome back to the area.
Thanks a lot Richard.
Is this Richard coming online?
I'm not going to be here for two weeks.
For as long as I feel like it.
Well that's good.
So yeah I had the luxury of coming when I want and I go when I want.
You know what I mean?
Can you get your mug?
Yes I did.
Thank you very much.
It's a mug right here.
Excellent.
It's a same candidate.
It's our beauty.
Yes.
Well enjoy your whatever a couple of weeks you're here.
Yeah.
I want to applaud up your show.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
Don't applaud it up to you.
He's back.
Just do some heavy drugs and relax.
That's all I tried to do.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Say goodbye.
Bye.
Bye.
He's okay but just not on the phone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
He got a big hockey game tomorrow.
Any interest whatsoever?
No.
Tampa Bay Lightning.
They won again last night.
Be Caroline a 5-foot.
And still another 9.7 of the Panthers.
So it makes tomorrow night's game almost an absolute must.
Even though it was a long way to go and early half the season.
But if the Panthers lose the Tampa Bay here tomorrow night to be 11 out of first place in the division.
And Tampa Bay started to come back and play well again because they really have an ice team.
So it's a big game.
Any interest whatsoever?
Panthers hosting the Tampa Bay Lightweight tomorrow night in the Macarena.
George will be there.
Belzahn.
I'll be there.
I'll be at the track.
And by the way, Rich, if you order that cake, I'm getting up and walking out.
And never will come back.
If you order any dessert, no more desserts, no more bread.
When they bring the bread to the table, I'm going to tell that's far.
It's your guy I'm going to say, hey listen, you ever bring bread back here?
I'm going to stuff those rules right up your ass.
Do not bring any bread.
No, seriously, you're not fooling me, Richard.
You're not fooling me.
I watch, you know.
I mean, you've done okay.
You've lost some weight because I'm in the edge of death.
Don't keep pushing your luck anymore.
Don't you just hate that?
I can't stand it.
And of course, it's a bad example for me.
And I'm taking a look at that cake and it looks good.
I mean, it tasted horrible.
Just awful.
I mean, if you're not fat, you want a great dessert at Pom-Penow Park, right?
That thing with the cheesecake, whatever those things are.
They're like toasted.
Toasted little cheesecake with strawberry sauce.
Woo!
Hmm, I'm not having that again ever.
Don't, but it's the best.
So there's a lot of good stuff on there.
But don't have that in...
Oh, it's sugar free.
Yeah, right.
It's loaded.
It's got 8 million carbs in it, man.
It'll send your blood sugar up to 8 million.
It'll kill you.
So just cut it out, Richard.
Stop.
Now, I'm going to have your name taken right off that list.
Then what do you do?
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
I'm very supportive.
I want to tell you why.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Here's the carry person.
And I have been since the very beginning.
Okay.
And I was quite disappointed in the very beginning when he wasn't
fearing too well, to be honest with you.
But I would like to go over a couple of things.
One of the main reasons is that I feel, and I've heard this before, on television, that he can do a lot of things and work with moderate Republicans.
And I don't think that Dean and a couple of the others have the ability to do that should they gain the office.
I think that carry can work with them.
Yeah.
I also agree with a lot of what the veterans are saying.
He has veterans on his side, which is going to come to be very important down the road.
What does that mean?
Well, he's a veteran where Bush isn't.
And I think-
How borwously Clark.
Yeah, but now that gets me to my next point.
I don't think that in a debate that he has the experience that's contangled with Bush, where Carrie has the experience that's been around the block millions of times.
I just don't think that Clark can do it.
I think how a dean would wrap Bush around his finger in a debate.
That might be true.
But let me also point out, like I said, at the beginning, that I don't think most of the country is going to get behind Dean because he's too radical on some of these issues.
Like what? What is he radical about?
Well, I don't-
He's a moderate. He's a physical conservative, a social liberal.
He's a-
You know, somebody called me one day. We need a centrist. We need a cent-
Well, he's it. He's the centrist. He's not some raving liberal.
I would like the war to have ended yesterday.
Right.
But I don't think that we can pull out immediately.
I think that it needs to be done-
Nobody's suggesting we pull out immediately. We're-
They're saying we ought to put in like a UN people and the international force and the Githel out and face it out as soon as possible. I agree.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Because spinach and to a certain extent, Dean, although he says that he won't pull out immediately, he-
No, Dean says we're going to be there for a long time, which I don't like that answer. That's what he says, though.
Yeah. Well, I-
I do think that we need to be there for a certain amount of time to wrap things up.
Well, how much is that? A year, two years, five years, thousand dead Americans, two thousand-
How many-
What's the number, the magic number that we reach when we're finished so good at this?
Well, no, the magic number is that I would hope that if he gains office within six months.
Something like that.
Harry?
Yes.
Well, where-
Were you getting that from? Is that what he's saying? I haven't heard him say that.
Well, no. He doesn't give you what the-
What the number would be.
I just- I just say-
Tell you that he-
He doesn't feel that we could pull out immediately and-
And I agree with that. I also would like to tell you that in my opinion, he wants to cut back on the tax cut for the rich and incorporate some sort of a health plan, which I feel is very important.
Right. So, I mean, you wrap all that up-
Hey, listen, how do you get my eight votes? I guarantee you that if he gets it, how do you get my twenty votes?
Well, like I said, you know, I just feel that the main-the main thing is-
Is that if-
You can-
For some miracle that he can gain office, I think that he can work with moderate Republicans, which is going to be extremely important.
Yeah.
Extremely important.
Okay. All right, buddy. Thanks, Pally.
And there we go. I asked for a carry person and there's one. He was, you know, articulate.
Here's a-
Here's a fact that the article you have about Scull and Bones uses false information.
The whole get to punch your out of my ass, Uncle Toby, seen was proven by ABC News to be a hoax.
Still, people will congregate to plot and give benefits only to those in their circles as pretty nefarious to me.
At least enough not for me to vote for them.
By the way, it says Senator John Kerry is a Scull and Bones member.
Uh-oh.
That's true.
Says the Bonner.
What's true? And that was your story.
I was pretty interesting when I was on vacation.
You put that on there, right?
Well, I mean, if George can put it on there, do you believe it completely?
No.
So you know that-
You know, he likes to embellish stuff a little bit.
Like that amazing story he told me about-
For all.
My-
And look, oh, this is for trial-
For trial-
To-
To-
To-
Friday, you bastard.
Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the heir apparent her son, Prince Charles.
Hello.
Hello, Charles.
Yeah.
It's-it's Mom.
Uh, Mom.
What are you calling for, again, Mom?
I'm worried about you, Charles.
Mom, you can't keep calling me every day.
I'm-I'm very worried you're calling me like that.
I'm 10 times a day, Mom.
I-I've been having the newspaper here.
The Daily Mirror?
Yes.
I don't read such rubbish.
Well, did you happen to see the front page?
I didn't see it, Mom.
I don't read such rubbish, I've told you.
It says, is Charles bisexual?
No!
Because what?
It's true, Charles.
What is the same, Mom?
It's Charles bisexual.
What's it mean by that, Mom?
It means you write the lassies and the lads.
I don't write the lads, Mom.
Don't cry, Mom.
It's true, isn't it?
Please don't cry, Mom.
It's true.
It's not true.
I know I should have thought someone wrong when I caught you listening to Clay Egg.
I like him, Mom.
He's a good singer.
I'm all the same.
I mean, that's all the mistake.
And all those Barbara Strays and movies and Nick and Lexington out.
I love to hear you, Mom.
That doesn't make me a boy.
How's Harry?
Harry's fine.
With his?
Watching him shower right now.
Where are you crying, Mom?
It's true, isn't it?
What?
It's true.
It's not true.
You're my sex, you're one.
I am not bisexual.
I don't have any sex.
The woman I'm dating, Mom, looks like a horse.
I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all.
You know that.
Is that why you go for the men?
I don't go for the men.
So it's not true.
I'm going to be the king of England.
Yes, that's what I'm worried about.
Oh, you're worried, Mom.
You're being a king and a queen.
I can't continue this conversation any longer, Mom.
All right.
My date's here.
Your date?
The committer?
Come on in, Ernie.
Who is that?
I'm just a friend.
Is that committer?
It's Ernie.
Ernie, who's Ernie?
My friend Ernie.
Who is Ernie?
We play football together, Mom.
You don't play football.
We play games together, Mom.
I've got to go and have them.
Stop crying.
Stop crying.
1103 at 560.
One thing about those British men and the Cuban men,
I've actually never figured that the most Cuban men
and Brits had something in common.
Never crossed my mind.
Oh.
There you go.
That's why the Brits were it and killed man.
Easy entry.
Hello, Brits.
23 votes.
Brits.
Prince Charles, where is the killed?
He goes up there to Scotland.
You never saw those pictures?
That's right.
Prance it around with him silly killed,
and then long stockings right up to the crack of his ass.
Nothing else on underneath there.
Just flip that baby right up.
Drop the soap.
223 votes on a pool.
Which of these are you most interested in?
Which of these tickles your fancy?
The NFL Playoffs 56.
Of course, this is the weekend baby.
Football.
Give me some smash mouth football.
NFL Playoffs.
I am a primary, I tell you one thing.
If the Patriots should win again.
If they should be Indianapolis,
no short order again away.
The Colts of Me, a manninger playing.
But nevertheless, if they should win and want up in a Super Bowl again,
and then win it by some miracle,
then then the dolphins are really going to be pissed off.
They are going to be foaming at them out.
They are going to be like picketing and marching up and down with all kinds of placards and signs out with one stat.
We want one stat and bring in some salami sandwiches.
Chicago style dogs.
To get them out of first bucks back to Chicago.
The thick pizza.
Ooh, that is good.
Yeah, that's not so heavy.
I like bread.
Yeah, that's what it is.
It's not pizza, it's bread with stuff on it.
With a bunch of stuff on it.
I like that.
I like that.
Great tomato sauce.
It's great for you.
You'll live to be a million years old if you eat a lot of that.
In fact, that's what Jeff Cohen was saying yesterday when he was in here telling us about getting laid the night before him,
just saving the noon.
Is that what he said?
Something like that.
Oh, he left me a lengthy message last night.
I have no idea what he was talking about.
Just thanking me and thanking me.
I guess he was talking about some problem he had with his car or something.
I didn't even hear that.
I wasn't paying any attention as usual.
And so he leaves a message last night while I went out to track on and on and on and on and on the best
and on the man.
Thank God I'm here and they got it all straightened out as soon as they heard him on the show, pronto, and he got the thing and whatever.
And he owes me.
Okay, the NFL playoffs 58th, Iowa Primary 36, hockey 36.
Get out of here.
Go away, stop.
Do you believe that?
No.
No.
When is Mo leaving 30?
How many has he got?
About 30, man.
Who killed Cock Robyn 21?
When is Farrell coming back 15?
He's not.
When is Dave wants that leaving 13?
He will eventually.
Standing in man of the moon 13.
Michael Jackson case five.
The arrangements at 11 30 by the way.
Jackson expected to be late to his arraignment.
Jackson, but putting the word out, if you're out there and you're a victim of my...
He's going to be late to his arraignment.
How many weeks have they known about?
About 30 years is Christ.
Michael Jackson case only five and the Scott Lacey Peterson case three.
I don't believe that for a minute.
When this arraignment thing goes down, they're going to be on the edge of their seats.
They're going to be putting on their special Michael Jackson glove.
The media people will be.
No, I'm talking about the people all over America.
This is one of those things they're too embarrassed to admit they care about.
They do.
They're obsessed with it.
That's embarrassing.
With the king of plot.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
That only an hour and 53 minutes to kill until those numbers start coming at one o'clock.
Wow, it's going to be a dark day here at QAM.
WQAM.
Hey, Mo.
Nice job.
And here's our last pre-list call and then nobody on it.
That's it.
See the one day when we really need them every other day for as long as I can remember they've been there in droves.
You said something about some stuff.
You had some stuff you brought in?
Some stuff?
Oh, you mean this stuff?
Yeah, that stuff.
I don't want to do that stuff.
I just don't want to do that.
I want to hear from my good friends out there.
Plus, if I got any hotter in here, we could fry an egg on this counter.
Did you do that?
Did you do that?
Huh?
No, I'm wearing a jacket.
Well, you're crazy.
All right, yeah, well.
Don't go crazy.
They'll all crank it back up.
73.6 degrees in here.
It's almost 74.
That's way too long.
So I said on 71.
Okay.
Yeah, that'll cool a little bit.
Too frickin' hot in here.
And what do they don't want to talk to me?
Line 9, our very favorite of all time.
QAAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir, pretty good.
You're the best, man.
Yeah, huh?
This is Mr. G.
I mean, okay, good.
Pull it out, your ass.
WQAAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering if the great one will be in to speak.
The great one?
It's not Reverend Jones.
That's what he refers to himself.
I know that.
When you just relax, you get so emotional about it.
Okay?
When it calls, just try to calm down a little bit.
How's funny that we had those two in a row?
Your gay.
The two contenders for all time.
You think?
Oh, yeah.
Even this is Eddie.
Huh?
He's seasonal.
Oh, I see.
No, I think he's one of the other people.
I always change his act.
I think he's either chamba.
Or a miserable son of a bitch.
Or the whisperer.
Eddie could be the whisperer.
He could be.
Very well could be.
WQAAM, whispering station, hello.
Camba?
See, there, now that wasn't him, though.
That wasn't even the right one.
You're so you people have no originality.
You can't even be a good crank call.
That's the saddest part of it all this time.
Talk about a vacuum.
Talk about the end of the universe, man.
Monkey C, monkey Dew.
Somebody says something right away.
But it'd be terrible if you're repeating it like a bunch of parents.
That is the scariest thing.
It really disturbs me.
I hear it on the sports shows, too.
Somebody will say one thing, and then all of a sudden everybody is parroting the same crap.
Think for yourself.
Don't say something just because you hurt some other asshole.
Say it.
Just because it sounded good.
Just because you never had an original thought in you.
You're what used to be your brain till somebody ate it for lunch.
Get with it.
And stay out of Indiana.
They might eat your brain.
Indiana wants you.
How, Indiana?
I told you about living in how, Indiana.
No.
Yes, I did.
I forgot.
I cried the Michigan border when I worked in Sturgis, Michigan, a WSTR.
How was it?
Week.
Why Kitty Corner Del Pletcher's farm?
Good times on the farm?
No, a hot farm.
Yeah?
He, I tell you, Del Pletcher was one of the most notorious driver trainers in history of the sport.
I don't want to say any more than that because he might still be alive.
But they had actually like, it was all made out of brick.
There was no wood like, you know, wooden stalls for the horses like brick.
I mean, you could eat off the floor and I guess the horses were.
And maybe Dell was, too.
WQAM.
Nail.
Get the sir.
You're the man.
I just want to take some time to talk.
Take all the time you want, Palli.
Take about 30 seconds.
You're the best.
You just said that.
I just want to say all those things.
Well, suck ass, man.
There's nothing worse than, there's nothing more boring than people calling it.
Oh, you're the best, Mr. Mad Dog.
You're the best.
Heck, I'd go, but he wants to hear that.
It's correct.
I just want to say all the books, the supporters out there.
Can I call them personal agents?
All the, what supporters?
All the book supporters.
Yeah.
They went out there listening to the book.
Well, we already know that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T.
And he just heard me say that, see?
10 minutes after 11, we got the hour and 49 minutes and 30 seconds exactly.
The big countdown is going on.
What is that under?
Which one?
The ticker.
What is that under?
The ticker.
Get outta here.
I'm telling you!
Ticker.
BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA-BA!
BAM!
My life and law!
This is 4, 2560.
I can't wait until I do anything!
Play with these titties.
What can be more fun than gathering around the TV and watching Fearfactor with a family?
Playing Fear Factor with a new Fear Factor play at home game.
Challenge your friends and family members to do dangerous and disgusting stunts.
Just like they do on Fear Factor.
Okay Melissa, I'll put this bag over your head and take a deep breath.
Ha ha ha ha, you little!
Have fun at your next Get Together by pulling out home Fear Factor when your guests suggest a little game of charades.
Charades, that's for old fogies!
We're playing Fear Factor!
Okay Ned, here's the deal.
You stand in the middle of the street, I'll come race in towards you in the trusty Volvo.
And when I get right here you jump as high as you can and I'll drive right under you.
Now that's entertainment.
Be a factor home game.
Fun for the whole family.
Hey, uh, someone needs to call 911.
1115 is 560 W. Kim the man dog is two of the loaded for the staff now.
Did I forgot to tell you that Duff had made it to me that it was Greg who faxed me that long, uh, faxed me and asked.
It was Greg.
I forgot all about it.
Oh, I just made it up.
Now how many breaks we doing this hour?
Three.
Three?
Three.
All right, that means we got time for thousands of calls, although a 10 year old boy who made the mistake of writing his go-ped in front of a bokeh police department on Sundays learned a stern and crossly lesson.
The episode left the boy in tears his parents angry and police unrepentant and even more eager to enforce a new policy cracking down on the use of the motorized scooters.
We already had one death.
We're not going to let it happen again.
Officer Jeff Kelly, police spokesman said about a 12 year old boy who died after colliding with a pickup truck while writing his go-ped December 23rd.
On Sunday, Alice Fernandez was given an $81 ticket for, uh, having a bad arm with the marlins.
Alice Fernandez.
Who?
Doesn't he a little bit old to be writing the go-ped and have a big ass too?
Anyway, Alice Fernandez was given an $81 ticket for writing his scooter on the sidewalk.
Fingerprinted and told to go push his go-ped home.
Push it.
Yeah.
Don't write it.
Push it.
His parents are furious saying that at least the officer that had done was call them.
The ticket isn't the point that his mother tanned me for Nandis 39.
My biggest concern is nobody called.
They never called to say, we have your son.
This is what we're doing.
My son was crying.
He was in tears.
We?
Officer Ross Bethardt wrote the ticket and did nothing wrong, police said.
Because the boy was ticketed and not arrested, Bethardt wasn't required to call his parents.
The boy was fingerprinted for ID because he didn't have a driver's license.
He didn't have a driver's license or a state ID card.
It's a SOP.
Wow.
What, ten-year-olds haven't driver licenses?
Why not?
I guarantee you to be better than most of the old parts that drive down here.
I say that's a good idea.
Let's not ten and twelve-year-old kids drive and take licenses away from everybody over the age of a hundred.
Those things are illegal.
The parents ought to be in jail.
What's your go-peds?
Yeah.
Well, that's George saying that.
I'm all for go-pads.
Decrease the surplus population like Craig.
Right.
Evolutionary checkpoint.
Go-pads, the trademark name for motorized scooters aren't allowed on public roads, police said.
Because they're considered motor vehicles. They need to be registered with the state.
However, the state doesn't register scooters so they can't be driven on street sidewalks or in pubic lots, police said.
Under Boca's new policy, a juvenile will get a warning of caught riding a scooter in the street.
Police will then explain to the parents that the scooters are ill, illegal.
If the child is caught again, here she will get two tickets driving without a license and driving on registered vehicle.
If they get three tickets, they're going to be executed. No questions asked.
All right.
Okay.
That'll straighten their ass out and get those punks off of it.
Get the message out and they might put them in the middle of the street.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We never had the condom in the soup store. I mean, we had it on the website.
Never got around.
Condiments in soup?
Condom in soup lawsuit settled.
Oh.
Seafood restaurant chain McCormick and Schmicks.
One day, a lawsuit brought by a California woman who said she suffered severe emotional distress after she discovered a condom in her clam chowda.
She said she said it was a little clammy too.
Chowda.
Yeah.
Stop and think about that.
A used condom in a bowl of clam chowda.
How do you know it was used?
The chowda was a little thick.
I see.
A little clammy.
What was it? New England or Manhattan style?
Definitely New England.
If it was Manhattan then, we had some real questions to ask.
The sediment was reached the day the Portland or Oregon base chain was to go on trial at Santa Ana, California.
Settlement terms are confidential.
In other words, they paid good.
The case has been resolved.
The privately held company which operates 42 restaurants nationwide maintained that Lailla Sultans claims that she suffered anxiety into pressure more frivolous.
We still believe that's the truth, but in this day of age it's the price of doing business.
They said you have to deal with scenarios like this.
Sultan 48 said the trouble began February 26th when she and three companions said they're souped back to the kitchen to be reheated while dining at the Irvine California restaurant.
We had the story at the time if you'll recall.
Do you recall?
Yes.
I do.
Sultan said she was treated rudely by the way to where once she began eating the soup she encountered a chewy, rubbery object that she first thought was calamari or shrimp she told local media.
She maybe was just a squid.
She spit the offending object into her napkin and discovered it was a rolled up condom she said.
Oh, thank God it was rolled up.
See?
Not used.
I said.
Oh my God.
And ran into the bathroom with another friend of mine started throwing up she said.
The restaurant chain launched an investigation but had no idea how the con get into her soup.
McCormick and Schmicks reported you ran gross revenues of $200 million they can afford it.
There's a condom in my soup.
Yeah.
I do have to do that sometime.
What's the most disgusting thing you ever found in your food in a restaurant?
I see a hair in the food.
That's the end.
What if it were yours?
Especially.
Well, how you got to know that?
Oh, it's great.
DNA test?
What do you mean it's great?
You're going to want to talk Mr.
Exactly.
That's how I know it's mine.
I see a gray hair in my food.
I know it came off my head.
I see.
And what about a condom?
Well, that's probably the one that you should have used.
Yeah, that's right.
Didn't come from me.
$5670560.
Pound $560 on EAT and T and Verizon wireless line.
Hour and 40 minutes to go until that big moment.
Absolutely.
It's going to be momentous, man.
The office in there squeezing it.
Hoping like hope.
I do not know.
Chan stuff.
See, if I know, they had a three to November in the morning and men.
I mean, that's kind of cosmic.
And that was for all was still here October of November.
He was still here.
So obviously nobody who speaks English got any diaries in November.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Oh, there were nine.
282, which of these do you care about most?
The NFL Playoff 73.
Which one of those games did he, oh, here's the crime.
We got a crime vote today.
Well, that's good.
Hockey 49.
Right.
The Iowa primary 43.
When is Moe leaving 33?
Who killed Cock Robyn 22?
Was that something real in Robin's shorts?
110.
When is Furell coming back 20?
He ain't.
When is Dave Wants that leaving 17?
He is sending a man to the moon 17.
The Michael Jackson case five Scott Lacey Peterson case only three.
And they won't leave us alone with that crap.
Message boards are buzzing over mariner's return to the office as CNN.
Bords, a lot of people saying, you know, what's next?
Mike Dicke going to come back to the bear?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Or she in the wing or what?
Oh, so speaking of Jackie Johnson.
Yeah.
Donkey Puss.
She's got big teeth.
That's all.
Yeah.
See, I gotta be honest with you.
I'm not one of those people.
I'm not a, like, it's like people are attracted to guys with huge slongs.
And the same with the big breasts.
See, I'm sure Rosie probably has big breasts too.
Does that make her attractive?
No, no, no, no, I'm sorry.
You're missing the point.
No, no.
You have to look at what they're attached to.
I agreed.
Breasts and penises are, you know, like appendages.
And you have to take a little bit of a look at what they're attached to.
She's got a Donkey Puss.
Sorry.
I agree.
I saw her up close in personal this morning.
I just wanted to make sure I crawled within two inches of the screen.
I looked at her.
I examined.
She ain't that she's nothing but she has no ass.
Skinny legs.
So she's great.
So that's what I just said.
She's got two breasts.
Yeah.
Why not just tap them off?
No, I'm not gonna get them on a nice silver serving tray.
Hmm.
Would be good.
As opposed to those brains.
How about breasts on a bun?
I'm picturing that, huh?
I'll tell you.
Hey Jackie, how about breasts on your buns?
It's a near-and-mobz Rosie.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Catherine Harris is gonna make her announcement today.
Look at that.
Look at those assholes at California.
Awaiting Jackson's arrival for the Arraignment.
They're all lined up there.
And they're all going, you go OJ, all wrong case.
I mean, you go Michael.
The word can hide that we can't find it.
I know.
And he's gonna be late for the Arraignment.
Has to make it, you know, a dramatic...
I mean, everything that they've done since the charges.
Have one word spelled all over.
Guilty is hell.
Sure.
What is that three words?
Guilty is all get out.
Because, I mean, having that big bash and all these people supporting.
Now, did I see something over the weekend,
which I tried to ignore that bitch like crazy about Liz Taylor
and how she's like turned on him like a warmer Arraignment?
Something about you saw that.
I did.
I just saw the T's.
I didn't see the story.
How about that, that drunken...
...two-faced bitch.
WQA and LionWon is working.
We're very proud of it, but they never hang onto it.
That's okay.
As long as we hear the dial tone, you know,
that's a little step.
One small step.
We'll take it.
WQA and hello.
Hey, good morning.
How you doing?
Okay.
Young Democrat here.
I'm a little torn between Howard Dean and Wesley Clark.
The perfect candidate would be Howard Dean with Auschartton's Balls.
Right.
That's what we need to write out.
And Dennis would finish his brain or mouth.
You got it.
You got it, Bob.
I would go and remember.
Okay, you too.
He's got his thumb right on it, man.
Howard Dean with Auschartton's Balls.
And Dennis is because he's his big mouth.
Although Howard Dean's got a big mouth when they let him use it.
Right.
Let Howard be Howard.
Right.
That's what we say here.
Absolutely.
The only problem is here Howard is being Howard.
Absolutely.
And we're not too crazy about it.
Anyway, we hope it gets better.
At least I had to win anyway.
George doesn't.
That's what you told me before.
567.
Now, he's just been too mean and miserable to too many people.
You can't...
It's just hopeless.
I tried.
I really did try.
You know that.
Right.
I just can't do it.
And I didn't have to say that on a year.
I could have let sleeping dogs lay.
But I can't do that.
I felt bad about doing it, especially for the beast and the other people that he wants me to turn on.
It's going to be like, I'm going to be his partner in crime.
And it's going to be me and Mo against the world.
I don't want to be in that position.
You Mo?
No.
Well Mo.
Home-o.
WQAM.
Good one.
That was it, your buddy.
I'm not sure which one.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
Anya.
Yes sir.
I got something to say.
I'm doing this going to have to translate for me.
No, no chance.
This is one of the few shows in South Florida that's actually in English.
That's actually in English.
So we're not really interested in any spiktok on a show.
I mean, little Yiddish we sprinkle in or two for the old Jews.
But other than that, none of that crap, okay.
Our audience is not enchanted with all of this...
I'm not playing games.
You got something to say.
Yeah, just spit it out.
Okay, don't play little games and dance around the edge of the...
I'm going to go on.
When did that just spit it out like that bitch with a condominor soup?
Spit it out.
Puk it up.
God.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I'm sorry, I got it on number.
Yeah, but you do.
Don't ever call it again.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, I need a car wash because...
I need a car wash because...
I found my idol's teacher's show last week and he threw up his chocolate mousse after
hearing you man had the one of your colors.
Yeah.
And I got a freaking chocolate mousse thing all over my car.
I don't think it's chocolate mousse.
It might be the same color.
You man handled your colors all the time.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
That was Greg Reed.
It might be the same color.
QAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
Why just if we're not talking that language, yes sir?
Hello.
Dan Marino's post-talks, buddy.
I don't want to get personal.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
I want to come to him on my book.
Yes, yes.
On his big toe.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Hour and 34 minutes.
Yes sir.
Hey, did you see on Channel 7 they're right out?
I don't want Channel 7 so check he's just...
Is there news at noon?
No.
Sonny Rosenberg is dead at the age of 81.
Yeah, sure.
Howard.
Howard.
Howard.
Absolutely.
56670560 pound.
That was Howard's boyfriend.
Oh, I saw no idea.
He's not really sick.
He's just spending some quality time with his buddy.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
You're talking about the hair and the condom in the suit.
And all that.
Another day I stopped to win these men.
I was starving.
Grabbed a little thing of chili.
And I saw a hair and I said what I'd have to be mine.
You know, sure enough I'm eating halfway down.
I found another big long one.
Oh, God.
I hear too.
Yeah, I should have known for the first one not to keep eating.
I just thought I'd share that with you.
I'll come over to pick tails.
Oh, yeah.
How do you like that?
He's got big tails in his chili.
I could be good.
Maybe they were from chili.
I don't know.
Never been to chili.
Santiago.
Oh, you see mine.
Spend a year there.
I hear it's pretty nice.
When you're not having some kind of fascist government in charge.
She was in the mountains with a whole bunch of derby wearing engines.
Yeah.
And?
And that's it.
Scrooner brains out?
No.
Oh, well, how do you know that?
She said so.
Oh, that's once you came back.
Which of these do you care about most?
The NFL Playoff 77.
We got 301 votes in an hour.
That's pretty good.
Somebody's out there.
Like all these great colors we got today.
I don't really care.
We're going to be very honest with you folks.
We're just, this is one of those rare times when we're just trying.
We're just hanging on.
We know it's not going to be good.
We're just hoping for the best and the best sitting in there.
Rubbin is the legs together like a praying mattress.
NFL Playoff 77.
They care about that a lot.
Go Patriots, go baby.
Help hands now.
Kick some hands.
Hockey 51, which is a totally bogus vote.
Maybe the one parts right.
That's mine.
The Iowa primary 48.
When is Moley even 36?
Who killed Cock Rob and 24?
When is Farrell coming back 22?
When is they wants that?
Leave it already.
18.
Don't leave angry Dave.
Just get there a lot of here.
They can't stand you.
They despise you.
Setting a man to the moon 17.
The Michael Jackson case five.
And Scott and Lacey Peterson case three.
And look at that.
Michael motorcycle is, his family has arrived at the court.
Picadilly circus.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
All right.
It's like a Picadilly frickin circus.
80,000 people.
Yeah, I think it's hard for people to appreciate who have been to Santa Maria.
This is not, this is a very quiet town.
Even though it is Santa Barbara County, it's very different from the city of Santa Barbara,
which is about an hour south and from the Santa Niz Valley with the Neverland.
It's a three being few circus man.
I'm still wondering where Michael Jackson might be.
Ha ha ha ha.
You don't think he's going to show up on time to glove one.
He's going to make a grand entrance.
And then he's going to go like to the big V for victory signs.
So, wait, then he'll drop the arm real quick.
Oh, that hurts.
He's definitely not going to use that tunnel.
Vision?
You mean the one where he's hiding all the little kids?
29 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Five and a low.
30 on the boat.
He stepped again.
He jumped.
I never served in armament, I'm too afraid to fight,
So I sit right here near the TV far from liberalized
Under the covers you'll discover I'm a big sister,
Who would prefer to have some mother do the fighting for me?
Now this country I love is hockey-pion, Iraq
And all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the pack
Have our tongues all placed firmly?
In mousers big brown eye, the big mouth towers of the world
Who gladly follow, fly?
Hey Uncle Sam, up to a braid, keep fighting, list
But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist
And my flag will fly from the back of my truck
I can idiotic pseudo patriotic the f***ing in my view
Of the gold-bath world is what I see on Fox News
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior, who knows better than you?
Michael Jackson, rise your arraignment bulletin'
Anybody care? No.
Here he is, he's stretching it in the stretch limo.
I'm an inbred jerk, who parrots anything they say
Don't have to read or research, it's so much easier this way
To watch TV or look at pictures
Did you wish it today?
With my finger up my ass, as I tickle my brain
Hey Uncle Sam, up to a braid, keep fighting, list
But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist
As I lower my fly, so I can pull on my hood
To proudly show the swatz-dickers that chewed on my nuts
The soddies are our best friends in the world
Not those irackies or Jews
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior, who knows better than you?
I'm gonna read Con by Paul Krumpen for the other times
It's on our website, I'm gonna read it in a minute
I'm gonna read the article
After we get to Michael Jackson stuff on, it's very important
This is a very serious process that will begin
There's Mark Erigo, who's that must chewed asshole on his cell phone
And there's the stretch limo, it's Roland, Roland
He meant the glove one's gonna get out
Hi everybody, your victory is on the way, Melibon
Freak, pedophile, piece of crap
Sack of garbage
Look at all that, look at the crush, the throngs there
How come they don't have that all blocked off?
Well, I mean, they want this, don't they? Yes, they do
Like the guy said, pick it up, lay circus
Here's a fact that this accidentally caught him in the midst of the big...
Oh!
Last night, what I heard was Jason Kool-Explain, why he cheered after the Dolphin Denver game
No, it wasn't after the Dolphin Denver game
Anyway, anyway, total Wayne Apologist, totally shameless
Like a speech from the gallows, please forgive me, please forgive me, Wayne
Actually, they called from Boston where he was covering to play off game and says, Jamba Juice Rules
Well, then anyway, so goes it, who cares?
Naturally, they're gonna suck up to Wayne's face
Because that's the Wayne, he's a dictator
And he's gonna try to get everybody like, you know, bend over and kiss him, kiss it
Very sad
Michael Jackson arrives for his arrangement, does anybody care?
No
Good, then we'll move on
Are they gonna have cameras on the inside too?
Inside of the limo?
Inside of the court
No, no
No, they are not
But the family is there including Shula's Jojak's and Daddy, who's the eternal drunk
We're gonna have a process
We usually be the town drunk but then they decided don't sound a bit
We only have one more break to do this, alright?
Correct
And then it'll be the noon to one hour and then
Oh boy, then they will fear us, or we will fear them
Yeah, this is probably the greatest trepidation we've ever had in a book at the station
When you say, at the station, yes
Because that last November the entire station just got cremated because all the right wingers, all the no-speaketing glaze crowd
They all got the diaries and as a result we didn't have a trinement's chance in Peru
None
So what the hell are we gonna do about that?
Nothing?
Absolutely right, very well said
We're just whatever it is it is, you know, I mean, Duff's runner
Oh, where we do Greg?
Where we gonna do Greg?
Who's we?
We, them
The brain trust, the brain sandwich trust
Maybe we could get some ding dong school going
Speaking to that, what a great headline it fits right in with what's going on here on this radio station
Who gets it?
My Paul Krugman
Because here nobody gets it
He says earlier this week, Wesley Clark had some strong words about the state of the nation
I think we're at risk with our democracy, he said, I think we're dealing with the most closed imperialistic nastiest administration in living memory
They even put Richard Nixon to shame
In other words, the general gets it
He understands that America is facing what Kevin Phillips in his remarkable new book, American Dynasty, calls a Machiavellian moment
Among other things, this tells us that General Clark and Howard Dean, whatever they might say in the heat of the nomination fight, are on the same side of the great democratic divide
Most political reporting on the democratic race it seems to me has gotten it wrong
Some journalists do, of course, in system trivializing the whole thing, what I dread most in an event of an upset in Iowa, is the return of reporting about the political significance of John Kerry's hair
But even those who refrain from turning political reporting into gossip have used the wrong categories
Again and again, one reads that it's about the left wing of the democratic party versus the centrist
But Mr. Dean was a very centrist governor, and his policy proposals are not obviously more liberal than those of his rivals
The real division in the race of the democratic nomination is between those who are willing to question not just the policies but also the honesty and the motives of the people running our country and those who aren't
What makes Dr. Mr. Dean seem radical aren't his policy positions, but his willingness shared we know now by General Clark to take a hard line against the Bush administration
This horrifies some veterans of the Clinton years who have nostalgic memories of elections that were won by emphasizing the positive
Indeed, George Bush's handlers have already made it clearly intend to make his optimism as opposed to the negativeism by his angry opponents, a campaign theme
Money saving suggestion, let's cut directly to the scene where Mr. Bush dresses up as an astronaut and skip the rest of his expensive pointless but optimistic moon-based program
But even Bill Clinton could run a successful Clinton-style campaign this year for several reasons
One is that the democratic candidate, no matter how business-friendly, won't be able to get lots of corporate contributions as Clinton did
In the Clinton era, a Democrat could still raise a lot of money from business, partly because they're really our liberal businessmen, partly because donors want to hedge their bets
But these days the Republicans control all three branches of government and exercise that control ruthlessly
Even corporate types who have grave misgivings about the Bush administration, a much larger group than you might think, are afraid to give money to the Democrats
Another is that the Bush people really are Nixonian
The bogus security investigation of Iran's susguins, the price of loyalty book, like the outing of Valerie Plame, shows the lengths they're willing to go to in intimidating their critics
In the case of Paulo Niala last-day in-temptation seems to be working, a mild-mannered upbeat candidate would eat and alive
Finally, any Democrat has to expect not just severely-splanted coverage from the fair and balanced Republican media, but asymmetric treatment even from the mainstream media
For example, some have said that the intense scrutiny of Mr. Dean's Vermont record is what every governor who runs for president faces, no it isn't
I've looked at press coverage of questions surrounding Mr. Bush's tenure in Austin, like the investment of state university funds with Republican donors, he got a free pass during the 2000 campaign
So what's the answer? A Democratic candidate will have a chance of winning only if he has an energized base, willing to contribute money in many small donations, willing to contribute their own time, willing to stand up for the candidate in the face of smear tactics and unfair coverage
That doesn't mean that a Democratic candidate has to be radical, which is a good thing for the party since all of the candidates actually are quite moderate
In fact, what the party needs is a candidate who inspires the base enough to get out the message that he is not radical and that Mr. Bush is
Sounds like how are Dean and me?
Or Wesley Clark? That sounds a lot like how are Dean?
I'm just guessing
Oh and speaking of that, Bush's Atlanta visit mark by protests
They were howling?
About 400 protesters lined the street across from King's Senate and Atlanta as president Bush later wreath at the tomb of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.
To commemorate the 75th birthday of Slane Civil Rights leader yesterday
Carrying signs and chanting deritms pounded from congreg drums, members of the crowd resisted efforts by police to move them to a designated protest area, about 150 yards from the reflecting pool in front of the simple white marble crypt
King's widow, Coretta Scott, King walked with a president or husband's tomb, she probably was grinding her teeth while she was doing her
After Bush laid the wreath he stood headbought for about 15 seconds, although King's Senate officials did not invite Bush to join their planned celebration, Mrs. King met briefly with the president
Shortly before Bush's arrival the line of city buses parked in front of the center, preventing Bush and the protesters from seeing each other, although the demonstrators, jeers and slogans were not muted
Their signs indicated the protesters were drawn from a wide coalition, war is not the answer, promote peace, not halibut and, HUD sponsors racism, impeach the liar and no blood for oil were just a few of them
Two people were taken into custody when they attempted to cross the street, Bush laid a ratio to statement marking next Monday as Martin Luther King Jr. Federal holiday, gaudy-audy-audy
They were pissed off and fired up in Atlanta, they don't want no part of him, just like they don't want no part of him in England when he was there
And he was afraid to speak to Parliament because he knew he'd get jeered down, be afraid, be afraid, be very afraid
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, which of these things do you care about most is our poll question today? You care about anything at all?
No
342 votes the NFL playoffs kick an AS89, and of course the Iowa primary 56 and Q56
Hockey 53 do we believe that no chance?
When is Moe leaving 43? Who killed Cock Robyn 26? When is Ferell coming back 25? When is Dave Wants that leaving 21?
Sending him into the moon 19? Michael Jackson case?
100 to my health
6 and Scott Lacey Peterson case only 4. No nobody cares about that Larry. Larry King just gone me trusted on and on and on
Here's the night's panel, we got a great panel tonight, his mark garragos
It's just enough to make you gag. He's part of that conspiracy. You know something no wonder nobody watches network TV including the talking head network.
There's just too much else on. There's too many other good choices like anything else.
Hey, right. The Food Channel. Anything. Travel Channel? Sure. Hey. A&E. Discovery. A. Games. Ball Games. What is this? Playboy Channel.
A&E channels to choose from Jackie Johnson's a donkey face. I don't care what you say. I don't care what you say.
Do I have a vested interest in saying she whatever she ain't gonna pork me? I don't make enough money. Right. And who cared if she did? What you might.
Thanks for all that. He's late for his arrangement again. Look at that. They're doing the metal detector thing. They're patent them down a little bit.
Turn around. Turn around. And do the same. And do the Hoki Poke. You put your right foot here. He's casting the stone.
Mother went through a little bit ago. Her first wave. And her mark garragos. He's got his arm on him. He touched them.
Court room. That's the key. I sure hope he won't get no kudis off Michael. And then disappear behind.
The Arband all about. I don't know. I think it is a strange. Maybe it has something to do with the nation of Islam.
Because the Arband is white and they be very dark. I don't know. Maybe his color coordinated. Got a lovely suit on. What was that thing he had on his lapel? What was that?
What he's got a it's an emblazoned blazer. But what was it? A crest? Oh, that was his man from Nambla crest.
Oh, and he got Chris Darden on there. Nice job, Chris. You into what you think they probably will. I think they probably will.
He and her. They're doing bigger issue will come later in terms of whether or not to allow a camera into the court room.
During the trial was in the preliminary hearing. I don't give a sh** anymore. There you go Chris. That's what everybody seems to be saying in our crowd. They don't care about this.
WQAM. Hello. Not there. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Count 5 60. Oh, is that Janet Jackson just arrived there for their first gun harass to do a little body cavity search? WQAM. Hello.
We are doing okay sir.
I was everything. Hey, let me ask you something. Why do we have Michael the weird one on all the channels when we have lots of more bugs going on in the world to see this go full on TV cars.
Turn off your TV right now, man. Turn it off and leave it off. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I was going to do the thing today about it. Oh, I forgot about that. Well, I don't care.
About the movie. We'll do that next week. What what? What pre 1980 movie? Oh, that one. What must see movie would you recommend that everybody should render by?
You know, for like all the punks, if 80 is 23 years ago. So if you're like, huh?
No, like if you're 30 now, when you were born 73 if you're about 30. So if there's an 82 movie or 75 movie, you weren't even born some of you know.
What I'm saying. And I'm not talking about the obvious ones like Gone with the Wind or you know song of the South.
By the way, if you get a copy that let us know because Remus is on there. Mickey's looking for me. He's got some work around the office to do this weekend.
I got a copy because his shellac came shot and one can get a copy by going on win MX. I don't say that.
Let me take it back. Did you just say that? Yeah, I would have sworn you said that. Don't say it. Don't say it. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hola. Hello. How you doing?
Okay, sir. Have you heard anything? And I know the story is just kind of put on the back burner. What is that?
I'm going to have to go out and get the new inquirer this weekend and see because they're the only ones that tell you anything. I'm going to get the inquirer.
I can't understand how it's getting brushed out of the carpet. You can't understand it. Come on. I saw the cam but I mean you know you would think that somebody had it.
When right wingers do wrong, you get brushed out of the carpet when anybody's left of a till of a hunt. You know, crott J walk. It's on a front page of the hero.
I've asked that question to several people. How come it is when when Clinton was getting a little old job? Yeah. That everybody was after him and it was on, you know, now it's on page. I think we'll have to the president.
That was absolutely correct, man, because the public are a bunch of Schmidt heads. I think that's the ultimate question for this year's election. The ultimate question anyway, in closing kneel. Yes.
Way down south in the land of cotton rushes limbaugh. The Diction should not be forgotten. Don't look away. Don't look away. Mr. DEA. That's Bill. All right. Nice job. Maybe that was good. See I tell you if you take 25 million calls, you're going to get something that really likes sticking your crawl. You know what I mean?
Or your crawl by the way is right next to your back. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and for what it is, Verizon wireless line. We got an hour and 12 minutes. I bet you duck is running back and forth. He's probably doing a green apple. Christ up. I bet you've got wild diarrhea.
Can't you hear the sounds of them little pitter padter up and down the hall? Yeah. That's, though, that's clearance. I can tell by the lightness and his right foot.
They're running back and forth. They're racing. They're probably sitting in their side by each and the old crap or like, oh, gee, double. That's going to be really bad. And Neil says this. Absolutely correct. Yeah. Well, we'll see whatever it is it is. We don't give a flying puke.
Somebody QYM. Hello. Hello. Is this George? Yes, sir. George, you just mentioned something about Sonnet of South. I've been looking for that DVD or I've been tape for a long time.
What is that you said you could get it off the thing? How do you spell that? D-O-N apostrophe T D-O-I-T. Wait a minute. D-O-N apostrophe T D-O-D-O-I-T.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and he was writing it down. That's the best part. He was writing it down. He'll probably be voting. Oh, I want to go home now. Yeah. He'll be voting. Oh, my God. You know something. It's clammy in here. It's clammy. That's because it was so guy named hot and here before. It's clammy. I think in case the numbers real bad there, they're already cranking up a little poison gas. I think that's what they're doing. Maybe that's maybe they put pumps them in there in the morning because maybe that's why Moa is so ill. He's ill.
I really don't wish him ill health. There's a part of me. No, I don't. I don't want to say that. I was going to say I feel sorry. I don't feel sorry for him at all. He just like from a year for all I have one thing in common. They both made their own bad news. You know what I mean? Their own beds. Although at least we like for real. He's hard not to like. But this guy he's hard to like because he just he just so ornament can tank was he never stops. He just never stops. Just when I thought we had the peace made then he comes in there. Bup-Bup.
The beast is appeared. Look at this email he sent me and you know give it a rest already. Quit what you know life is too short. I thought we agreed on that. But he's compulsively cannot cut the crap. You think these diabetes under stress. I can't stop. I know it. And that's the problem.
Yeah, and I was thinking about this morning while I was shaving. I wanted to slip my neck and a lot of people wish I would have but I didn't. Hard to do with one of them. Razors. The C-Q-A.
But no seriously I don't give a way to my spare time. I'm worrying about the beast and what is this one doing in Clarence and Zach. I mean seriously if you have any kind of a life at all you cannot possibly spend so much time.
See stop with the obsession about WQM. There's so many people like keep telling that we want the audience to be obsessed with the radio station. The ones who get the diaries please that's great. But but these I like like Rimmer.
Like Rimmer he calls me the other day two days ago Wednesday and he's telling me verbatim what Moa said. Oh he couldn't stop talking about every five minutes you guys made up. I said you were listening. He's always denies that he listens. He listens and his wife as well who's lovely. I love her but they never stop. They can quote you or even the test pattern.
You know I'm I'm blessed. None of my friends listen to this station. Right and you're family. I'm sure you know listen except your wife when she wants to find out who you're whatever.
She just sucks me for that. Oh no no seriously. What is with the obsession and the same with Moa calling the beast and this one said that calling Joe Rose on the air. Just forget about this place. Come in do your thing. Walk out the door with a smile on your face. Have a different attitude about life and then maybe then we can get along. Okay. Seriously I don't know or close the door completely even at this point. I just don't. But he's he's got to change his own altitude in the state of me. Well you should have told me what you're doing.
What you're showing all about. What kind of crap is that your responsibility? You have a seminar with him. First of all anybody who's been in a business for more than five minutes whether they did a talk show or not should understand the difference between reality and stick should have a sense of humor.
But unfortunately the only sense of humor is when it's about somebody else. That's the problem. Moa. So we hope you're feeling better. We don't want you to die yet. We thought he had a sense of humor right up front. When he stood right here. I remember that day.
If you wear something like that you got to have a sense of humor. There you go again. Okay because you're stupid. You're starting to pick on my good friend again. I was I just tried to say before you interrupted me again about his bed here.
What he came and you stood here and Greg brought him in that day because I was up in Toronto when he started I came down here. He stood right there and I guess like a ho ho ho ho. We played some of the drop.
He was having a wild time and then he just started turning surly on the you and on the beast and on this one and that one.
Stop it. Stop it. Stop worrying about if he's probably listening right now. That's not going to help you get better from whatever crud you got. I almost said my friend. My colleague. It's not going to stop it. Turn it off and keep it off.
I mean do you think that I ever ever when I'm at home turn on this radio station in the house. Good God no. There is there is less there's more chance that I would watch the Rick Sanchez show in the middle of this show than any chance that I would do that.
Never it would never happen. No. It couldn't possibly happen to what end. It would be the point. Precisely. So the idea that he's listening to this one. I mean sure when I'm in a car listen to the man dog on a way home I love he's great. He's a hoot. He's a lot of fun.
About 90% of what those people are calling and talking about I don't care but I enjoy hearing him and the same with the load.
But other than that when you get out of that car just forget about it enjoy take the checks to the bank enjoy life let your hair down.
Oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and that's for them to convince him. That's what they should have done.
See they just can't work with people this is the problem we see great can't work with people they couldn't get it across the for well they can't get across the mole.
And then that's where we have the problems in here you got to be able to communicate but of course when you got a GM who doesn't communicate with anybody this is the fifth day I've been back here in town.
After about a couple of months of being out of town in T.O. or it's freezing like crazy again. And have I seen Hyder here that creep no. Have you seen him this year.
Oh there you go he's around the middle of the show hey he's around what do you mean the middle of the show.
I went to the bathroom the other day was he in there like I said no he was in the hall was he in the bathroom no in the hall was he squeezed out some big ones.
I'll guarantee he will be he has his own bathroom about wow with things so Bob Green in fact Bob Green wants me to let me use his own his bathroom.
Maybe Cheryl let me use it by the way Cheryl am I going to return your call just leave me alone for a while okay.
I just I'm here for a little while I don't want to be bothered by all these you know.
She'll probably take that personal and if she wants to that's okay too she'll be oh I want to talk to you I'm going to be back in Toronto.
Well call me when you get there you got my number just leave me alone Cheryl right okay no seriously there comes a time in when you're in your life when you have to start telling people even if they're your friends look enough of this crap already okay just like Rimmer with it oh let's go to Ruth Chris I'll buy I don't want to go to Ruth Chris I don't want to go to any big meal.
I don't want to go to food that I don't want I don't want to I want my cigarettes and your ranch it yeah just leave me alone already I'm running out of time I can't I can't afford to be going to meals to make you people happy.
The story of my life how about just three oh come on over what some football this weekend no I got a very nice TV but it's an HD TV I still want to see it.
I want to relax at home you know put on my walking shorts take off my shoes and socks lie down on a couch with my diet soda right and just scratch my nuts a little bit pick my nose a lot scream for Tom Brady nice going Tommy baby I'm right you know whatever I want to do bliss I don't want to hear about a watch or hockey stuff and then he's pop band is this and this one is that and all this other crap I don't I don't want to hear it's got nothing to do with not being friendly with people it's just they just want to be left alone okay is that so much to ask Jesus.
Just like fat rich with that goddamn cake can you imagine I mean this man is going to forge a death so many goddamn times in the last two or three years and he's still trying to fool himself you're not fooling anybody mister with a bread tomorrow night if they bring rolls to that table I'm going to I'm going to pitch a fit I'm going to pitch a tent somebody take a camera I'm talking right now no rolls no bread no butter no desserts
bread and butter I had to do nothing for me unless it's good and just live out of it and you know something if it's good I'll eat it all
mm-hmm hot out of the oven bread great attending restaurant where they bring a nice hot red butter oh with the creamery butter
if I just want to rest on I go to up there that once in a while yeah they have what do you call it in the
butter that they put garlic butter oh mmm never have that sure we garlic or butter so I can't start because if I
start I can't stop right and I just keep eating it the kids stop right on and on it goes the kids stop well we sure kill some good time
here I'm just rambling on but I enjoy it I don't care whether you folks enjoy it not but I'm enjoying it's entertaining it's
your better than chamba no nothing's better than that and chamba jiu's Michael by the way brought everybody in a
courtroom brought him some of that the Jesus Jesus juice and he said Jesus that's good freshly squeezed yeah he
squows it himself in the limo Mark Ergo said hey you said hi can I have some of that he did he was
sipping on it WQ not there WQA him hello yes I'm gonna see question for the poll and what is that the
pre-80s that's next week that's new one that is fantastic I mean all I did was just mention it's
keep it in mind write it down search you don't forget write it on your arm like a memento I don't
want to be rude and crude and lured but please that's that's next week we're gonna do that
sometime and I was given the suggestions for next week okay wow and you wonder why I'm rambling we
got 62 minutes to go man the pressure you can smell it in here now leave me I guarantee it
we're supporting you five six you a.m. I owe my favorite Republican this is not
drawn and it's time for the school's maploding it's time once again for the
Neil Rogers 12 to one hour
every day
from Bokeh I'm doing it here whatever I want your old son of a bitch oh yeah listen
well you just keep in mind one thing what wrinkle man I'm fighting
a palmanor it's hovering over it's ready but you got to enter my buffet
up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up
up in there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there up there did the
But wait a minute by the way something let's take a call here from one of our three important colors hello
Here's the room where I'm here in Dan marino just bought the P.P. Park and all the land around it
He's built into a gigantic domed stadium for the marlins
He's gonna make all kinds of upgrades in the P.P. Park and then he's coming back and playing quarterback
He's also gonna coach the team. He's buying the team from Wayne
What that's the room where I'm starting it makes this as much sense as all the other crap
Oh, well there's no question within five years. He'll be the owner based on what based on what?
How do they know that they got crystal balls?
probably
There's nowhere Hank was just doing a show speaking of the Bahamas by the way what a horrible place
Mike says I hear how you're real and everyone for not caring about this unacceptable administration
I can only hope that everyone is simply waiting to address the problem later this year with their vote
No, that's not vote Mike. It's votes plural. I'm voting 20 or maybe
times
In that vein and encourage I agree. Well, that's what they said in the requiem too
In that vein
Jim oh Jim
man
In that vein I encourage everyone to ensure that they're properly registered right good point Mike
Thank you know their district place to vote etc now say one thing Dean has been doing is they've been getting all kinds of young people
including even like do you know that I didn't know this
That 17 year olds who are gonna be 18 on a lachanday that they can vote in the caucuses in Iowa
If no, I did not know so in other words if they're 17 now, but by November or whatever lachanday is second
I guess they'll be 18 they can vote in the caucus
Do caucus and so as a result the dean has been I still think dean is the man
But I'm really getting a little bit nervous about watching all this crap
It's going on real surprise for a Michael Jackson plates not guilty of them charges. That is shock aren't you amazed?
I'm not yeah
Keep in mind says Mike that besides potentially being unable to vote nobody likes the assholes that bottleneck the lines and take
Everyone's time because they're incompetent and unprepared especially with those easy to understand Florida ballot
Right, bring your own butterflies this time
I bet you're speaking of butterflies that much of the who do you think has more butterflies right now Greg?
Duff or clearance
Good question. Duff. Duff. Yeah, he was always the nervous Nellie one
Greg two stupid ahead butterflies and clearance he was always the smarter one
Yeah, like Tessio
5 6 7 0 5 60 I said what he had him for lunch today clear said fish
Which of these do you care about most I know it doesn't make any sense to anybody except you and me and that's all accounts
You're having a good time the NFL and NFL no NFL playoffs out of 397 votes
You got a hundred a hundred people by that's and well taken nothing could be finer than beat up
I wouldn't mind seeing Carolina because I think the Patriots could kick their ass easier
But nonetheless they're like a there are Cinderella team
In fact, they were in little slippers of glass slippers in the pregame
NFL playoffs a hundred Iowa primary 67 hockey 63 you should live so long by the way poor Nathan Horton
Rotator cuff surgery and the worst part of it is it's gonna be done at the Cleveland Clinic all boy
Hey Nate you better talk to me before you let them butcher you up like they did the Dino a sicker early and
Me Cleveland Clinic for a poor Nathan Horton that kid's gonna be good
Uh, when is Moe leaving 49 who killed cock Robin?
Look at how many votes that's got
When is from alcomon back 28 when is they wants that leaving 28 don't leave don't don't wait
28 would be great bye-bye Dave the dolphin fans want to see you out of here
sending a man to the moon 22 what about Richter spielmeister?
Michael Jackson case six he played it not guilty to charges and the Scott Lacey Peterson trial four
Scott Peterson done it Michael Jackson done it and Kobe Bryant done it that takes care of right and Mark Derrick goes makes me sick
You realize we have 53 minutes and 35 seconds but who's counting until those numbers start puking at one o'clock?
I think it'll be all right not number one, but just not number one. No, it's pretty unlikely on barring some fantastic December
Barring a big a really good solid month doesn't have to be gigantic, but a really good month in December
It's pretty unlikely. We're gonna get tumbled now. This would be the will not would be will be the first time since I've been on the station
Barring a couple of summers when George was fumbling along one, but just one so it'll be the first time when I've been on like you know during the regular
Outside of the summertime that we weren't number one in men in six years in six years plus now a suit
No, I'm telling you
And you know what suit me. I mean, so what are we gonna do about it?
And of course that's what happens when you keep yanking the audience. What have I been talking about?
I'm not really the fallout of the diaries don't help either
But when you keep yanking the audience around changing the times see this is what happened and it's nobody's fault, but Greg
Greg had a mess with success. He had a dittle around with that the first team
Am I right? Yes, yeah
Every time we've ever seen it especially with a morning show is keep dicking around move the time on initial that nine to one was a disaster
It was the master of this disaster and we're still make it try to make it come back
From that crap
Starting a show at 9 a.m. Anybody ever heard that just isn't it doesn't it doesn't happen it don't happen
Let's see what's with the rep off my story on your website
It says I've bought your charity products for years and it's been charged tax for it
What what is this kindly take hold of your online store and make it legit what what does that mean?
I don't know some asshole competitor that wishes that they were doing it. It's charity. You see. Yeah, it's a charity
What do you want from us a donation right our charge taxes on the make I certainly hope it arrives soon in town over one week
Is this guy jerking off all day? Yeah, of course. Why not it feels good. Hey allow six to eight months right a lot 10 to 20 years
Okay, maybe even but third man. Just leave us alone. Oh God. I mean if you want to donate to charity and then be a pain in the ass
Just relax. What's the big hurry for that stupid mohawar David a key chain anyway?
This is better right or whatever he bought this calm down
5 6 7 0 5 60 boy looking at now what are we in this log is such a piece of crap today. I don't even know what's going on here
This is three breaks for the rest of the year for the rest of the year the rest of your life
Well, that's going on a three more breaks for the rest of the
2004 calendar year so it means we have a lot of time to talk to our good friends in radio land
No more spots spot free zone
You know how well Riley talks about the spin free zone on his radio show
He's got something new. It's called the listener free zone. Yeah, the listener free zone. He's got a oh point. Oh
Nothing doesn't even show you know that 850
See I can't even keep track they had an end the paper this morning a 50 is WFTL
Did you know that no I did not well? I knew that the call letters
I think didn't they acquired a
I don't know who knows because I know it's not the same
This business as bad as it always was it's turned into just a big smelly piece of crap
It just turned into a big pool of wild ugly diarrhea
Not there's not that is pretty diarrhea, but it's especially ugly and smelly gross
What are you two and on cut up a
Coff drop. Yes, look at this cold thing or I would do whatever. We're is
130
130
1 1
Which in these do you care about most rascal on your Rogers dot com day better get your vote and this is a very important pool and
Maybe somebody who votes on here might win a million dollars not from us, but in lottery or something
412 votes the NFL playoffs 105
The Iowa primary 68 hockey 64 about 50 of those are bogus at least when his mole leaving 51
Who killed cock robin 32 why you pick it on Moe when he's sick wait till Monday
Who killed cock robin 32 when is they wants that leaving?
But good man when is for all coming back 29 maybe for I hear for all's gonna be the coach
And you heard that I heard man cow is gonna be buying the team and for all's gonna be the hockey coach and then on broadcast the games too
sending a man to the moon 22 Michael Jackson case seven whole nation of Islam
Involved which is certainly unclear Scott and lacy Peterson case four out of 412 votes only
0.9% care about Scott and frickin lacy Peterson who still dead?
Did they ever find the body?
Yeah, remember rotting carcass in the sea baby, too. No, I don't I see it's been going on so long
I forgot I'll body rotted in the what about chandra? How's that body doing?
And how chandra's body doing?
Still looking bony little bony 5 6 7 0 5 60 little bone. That's what she said about Gary's kind of
11 past noon boy. He sure got off of the free past. Can he?
He didn't get reelected so he's gone. Oh
Poor Gary
The one that was bitching out Clinton for like to stay in on address what a phony baloney another fake
Democrat just like self-member from Georgia who's making speeches and raise money for the bush march and deliver
And you leave her. You know, it's funny. You should say that because I saw a clip. I'm on for two seconds this morning
And I thought to myself not only is he obnoxious, but he's not even he's not even a Democrat not not at any sense
I mean when Howard Dean said he thinks the West Clarks and I scab it. He's a Republican
I mean, you know, you can yack about that and yuck about it, but Joe Lieberman's not even a contest
He's no Democrat. Huh. He's just a
fanatical right wing super orthodox Jew Thomas wearing a Yamako sucking
Phony moralist phony baloney moralist goody two shoes. I would I'd have gone in there and bombed him even before this and
You know idiot and by the way, Ariel Shiro never stole a freight train
12 minutes passed noon at 560 WQM audio horse racing fans and poker players
Pompa no park racing in card room has got the gambling action you're looking for just a half mile from both
I 95 and a floor to turn pike Pompa no parks easy to get to and best of all Pompa no park features free admission and
Free general parking every day. You can watch a fat rich eating that sugar-free cake in the dining room on a 6-4 when I'm not there
If you order to begin when I'm there, that's the end. Bye-bye
The nice knowing him live harness racing in the poker room open five nights a week Monday Wednesday Thursday
Somebody should have told him Thursday because last night there was nobody there Friday and Saturday like the night
Poker starts at noon. No midnight live racing gets underway at 7.05 p.m. Including tonight every Monday at Pompa no park
There's a two for $25 an interspersial top of the park restaurant. Don't get that sugar-free cake
Please every Wednesday at his dollar night for draft beer soft soda hot dogs and lots more Thursday was ladies that at least
They used to be maybe that's why it's not in a copy. They weren't no ladies or anybody else there because it's I don't know what they did about that
Hey, Steve. Well, get with it Steve. You're a good guy, but you're messing up
Also every night on the fourth floor players room. There's a 7.95
Plated dinner special. You know what that means no it's a play did oh right
It's played it gold-plated right there be a special tribute on Monday, January 19th is coming Monday on your honoring Martin Luther King
Junior with one race featuring African American drivers only plus the annual Louis William Memorial race
You remember Louis Williams no greatest black driver in history a harness. Oh that guy. He was great. He really was
He had a little problem and then he got a whole tractor a thing tractor pull
Pompa no park is also open for simulcasting seven days a night a week
Hey, listen plunger guts on Brad Kramer at Northfield. Trust me for the best and harness through a bread
High-lion crawl across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on and Eric Adele
Pompa no park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road call 9.54 and Larry Stahlbaum
9.54 9.72 2000 for the current race schedule or fight it online at pompa no park calm
What am I in such a big hurry for we got no spots as she reads all forget?
Yeah, but it's only 46 minutes away from D day so we faster don't forget post time 705 tonight at pompa no parks
Friday you
Bastards roll another plant
I was gonna clean my room
I was gonna get up and find the boom but then I got
My
I know why
I was gonna go to class
I could have cheated and I could have passed
But I got high
Oh
I'm taking a big semester and I know why
I
was gonna go to court
I was gonna pay my child support but then I got
I know you would
I
Was
Gonna
Now
I was gonna make love to you
I was gonna
Now I'm
I'm
I lost my keys
Now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk
I'm
Still one
20 past noon I was there knew and improved a longer buzzer
You like that? Yeah
Anyway, women in Iraq decried decision to curb rights less than 40 minutes in counting now till D day deadly
For the past four decades a wreck of women have enjoyed some of the most modern legal protections in the Muslim world under a civil code that prohibits marriage below the age of 18
Arbitrary divorce and male favoritism in child custody and property inheritance disputes. Do you know that?
Yes, well
Sodom who sends dickheadership didn't touch those rights, but the US back the Iraqi government in castle is voted to wipe them out
Ordering a late December that family law shall be cancelled and such issues placed under the
Juridiction of Strict Islamic Legal Dr. Nona Sharia
This week outraged Iraqi women from judges to cabinet ministers denounced the decision in street protest
And a conference of saying what's at pet their legal status by centuries and could unleash emotional clashes among various Islamic
Strings that have differing rules for marriage divorce other family issues. This will send us home and shut the door just like what happened to women in Afghanistan said Amira Hassan Abdullah
A Kurdish attorney who spoke at a protest meeting yesterday some Islamic law she noted allow men to divorce their wives on the spot
The old law wasn't perfect, but this one to make Iraq a jungle she said Iraqi women will accept it over their dead bodies and she might be right
The divorce on the spot huh?
Yeah, well time to move to Baghdad and become a Muslim right I'm getting me a dirty like that after we hear all that gnashing and moaning about all the
Berkers and the women that had to hide behind the Berkers in Afghanistan and all the repression and here we are
But don't confuse the American public with the facts because we're liberating Iraq it's operation Iraqi freedom
Why?
Don't go to work a liberation by the
Capitation man works like like a charm
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line the fall arbitrage rating book those numbers will be puked out in our somewhere in a building in less than 40 minutes
And there's going to be lots of wheeling carrying on gnashing of teeth I bought my harpoon did you one way or the other?
I guarantee there's going to be lots of screaming and carrying on in this building
Am I right?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA am hello
Speaking
Meal yes
Were you aware that Senator John Carrey is a member of the order of Scotland?
I just got through mentioned that about 20 minutes ago yeah
I didn't hear that all right well I thought you'd like to know
Okay thank you see you at the meeting
5 6 7 0 5 60 what why do I care about that one of these people are gonna stop already with that you care no oh you mo
I'll find out WQA am hello
Hello
WQA am hello
Houston as a Mars rover confirming red box and red dirt please deposit $100 million
Reverend Jones doing a cute voice you just are so much that's a hard as about him you know about them all of them who's them
Cranks chronic the lot of them there isn't one of me like just a little bit just a teeny little weeny no I don't like crazies
WQA am hello
Hey yes but you work here did you see Mike you come about who's that
Michael Moore's newcom or whatever's daily writing is about Clark and why endorse the Clark I read that on his website yesterday
Yes why he's in supporting a Wesley Clark right because yeah I'm kind of former twin Clark and Dean I've still been ABB you know anyone but bush right ABB
And it made them really good points kind of like you'll bushes a BB brain you're what brain exactly which is at least not big enough to make a sandwich out of
The whole thing about going to Mars and the moon so it's so transparent and so obvious and of course every time I think of George W. Bush I think of John F. Kennedy
Oh I know right they say that the Democrats have no new ideas blah blah blah I could swear we've been to the moon before I could wear other people that idea to go to the Mars before
Right just such crap just more window resting wagon the dog trying to bring everybody's attention from the way that they got us locked into this quagmire and the gas is going to be three bucks a gallon this summer
Exactly and I hope for syndication now for you and because everyone else is syndicated so ridiculous not me I got a dog my can't she's too busy smoking bad weed
Have a great day pal and you know just do this
Did you see a cycle smudger port calm because I mean it's the tragedy syndication kill me like I said have a great day calm down calm down take all the downers and come down 5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the AT&T for else coming back Monday not
Mo died not thank God fired not
Mad dog got suspended not anyway if you want to real truth about what's going on here either listen to the show or read very jackass
Yeah because he's got the inside pipeline man he's got the bonsai pipeline W.Q.A.M. Hello
And if somebody on there they're not speaking but there actually was somebody online one well we're taking a little tiny baby step like this is one small step for line one W.Q.A.M.
Hey Neil how are you doing okay sir all right did you see a couple days ago at just in Timberlake went into a club and got pushed in the face good I love it that's the best thing that hurt all day right then the little bitch comes out and then he leaves out the back way
Because he doesn't want to walk out the whole get punched again I heard he likes to backdoor yeah
Yeah and also on Celia Cruz I just want to say.
Kim Barak, Umbar, Korikim, Bamba, Kim Barak, Umbar, Korikim, Bamba, Kim Barak, Umbar, Korikim, Bamba.
Okay, thank you. Merci beaucoup.
Not bad.
That was pretty good, wasn't it?
See, I'm telling you, if you just, if you just flooded,
don't let these, don't let the crazy people get you so,
all worked up into a frenzy.
I don't know, I just fucking know.
No, you just, what?
I don't know why you like them so much.
I don't like them at all.
I just, you know, it's, it does make any difference.
Each call.
Each call.
So I roll my eyes, they accomplishes one thing.
You know what that is?
Kills time.
Excellent.
I know. There we go.
Sure.
Doesn't mean I have to like them.
So I don't like them, dislike them.
I used to, I used to get, oh, gee, I don't read.
It's of no concept.
I hate crazy people.
See, I've finally made, and you're working for Greg Reed?
I don't know a choice.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes, sir.
Is it you that you're a big faggot?
Yes.
Say what I mean?
Oh, okay.
Yes.
What?
He had a question to ask you.
He's not a crazy person.
Oh, he was actually a big faggot.
And the answer is yes.
Oh, okay.
He didn't sound angry or upset or a psychotic or,
he just wanted to rely on a big fag, yeah.
I guess he wants to date.
No, not my type.
How do you know?
Believe me.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil, I've done, how you doing?
You're good.
I'll be doing good.
I'm trying to get hold of you for like over a week.
Here I am, man.
Yeah, man.
I thought talk radio was dead except for your show.
Yeah.
But I found on your competitor in this local market at five o'clock on Saturday.
There's a guy who has a voice perfectly suited for pantomime quiz.
Yeah.
I used to keep turning them off every afternoon.
Who's that?
It's Lionel Host.
Oh, Lionel, yeah.
You're listening?
Yeah, Lionel used to be on FLA in Tampa, right?
Then he went to the WABC in New York.
And now he's indicated to Lionel.
Yeah, but he's going to be a collar on FLA in the Bob Lasseter Show.
He beats a bush so bad.
I mean, I still haven't listened to a guy.
One afternoon I left it on for five accidents.
And I walked through the house.
I'm like, well, don't let the Chiefs' channel find it out.
You won't hear a show no more if they find out he's doing that.
Yeah, I'm telling you.
That's what we were talking about last week.
That guy got fired in Arizona.
As a Roma.
So anyway, keep it up, man.
Thanks a lot.
Say hi to Lionel.
I will.
I've never seen Lionel and Ferrell together.
Same person.
I've never heard Lionel.
He's got that kind of scratchy gruff voice.
I hope your car gets stolen.
Like that.
Ferrell's coming back a week from Wednesday.
Next August.
He is.
See, we count now.
He's one in town now.
He is in town now.
No, right now.
How do you know that?
I was told.
I thought you said he went back to Chicago with a bandage on his name.
And he came back here again.
He's back.
Why?
Why does he keep coming back to this place?
That's what his dad is family down here.
Yeah.
He doesn't even want to spend.
Well, that's pretty cool up north.
You're right.
He wants to spend a lot of time here.
This place is a toilet.
Maybe.
Maybe he's with Mo.
Good point.
Maybe he's not sick after all.
Maybe he's just taking a couple of golfing days.
That could be it.
Maybe he's hanging out with Mo.
This people are either lacking some balls.
Could be.
Maybe he's lacking Mo's balls.
Now, how many breaks are we doing this hour three?
Just three.
See.
31 minutes and 24 seconds.
Until the little hand hits the big hand.
We've had some big one to two hours in the past.
But this today.
I'm going to tell you seriously.
You will hear no word.
We don't have earthquation sound photo.
But you will hear a sound.
There will mimic.
And the earth will be moving under your feet.
I think it doesn't work the barriers.
For 20560, you ain't.
You ain't.
And that about.
Friday, you bastard.
And that.
Meet back in the ballgame.
No.
I admit placing bets.
It only took me about 14 years.
To go on TV with crack-a-dialties.
But don't wait for me to say sorry.
I ain't taking the blame.
I've fed once twice.
Maybe three times.
I don't view ballgames.
So push me into the hall of fame.
I deserve to be in.
I am not really a total crook.
Read all about it.
In my brand new book, go I bet.
Bet bet on my own team.
And if I pretend to feel shame.
I will bet.
They let me back into the old ballgame.
That's a bad news.
Two pieces of bad news.
Sorry about that.
And of course the numbers come in about a half an hour.
So it could be a really dark Friday.
This could be black Friday.
I thought Monday was supposed to be the black holiday.
And anyway, here's the first one.
Guess who's not running for the Senate.
Catherine Harris.
Excellent.
Bad news.
US Representative Catherine Harris will now
I bet you Michael Putney's weeping the tears away from his fly.
US Representative Catherine Harris will not enter the Republican Primer
if you were Senator GOP source today, according to the AP.
Seeking instead around for reelection to her seat in Congress.
Harris to former Florida Secretary of State who gained international attention during the 2000 dollar,
a 2000 presidential steal.
Well scheduled and answered a decision and news conference later today.
Source said Harris was making phone calls to supporters and friends to inform her of her decision.
In other words, they got to her.
The establishment didn't they want Mel Martinez.
They figure his name ends in Z.
Florida.
What's not to like?
And they don't want her whipping everybody up again because everybody in Florida knows she fixed the election.
Sure and a few other go him.
So Catherine Harris is now running for the US Senate.
Damn it.
Sorry Michael Putney.
Oh.
Oh.
And.
Why did you see who this fax is from?
I'm not going to read it.
It's just a piece of bad news.
Let me give you a clue.
Hi, appali.
Is that incredible or what?
No, it's very credible.
Jeff Highs former neighbor and boyfriend just won't stop.
We don't want you faxing us anymore.
We want to talk.
We don't want to talk.
He denies making those calls.
That's him.
Jeff, you're right.
What you said before is absolutely right.
Chronic, compulsive people who just they can't stop.
So when I'm talking about Mo,
while beating all the underlings and trying to reform a little bit and you know,
and just being civil to all the people around him,
it isn't going to happen.
They're the same people cutting you off in traffic, acting like assholes at the rest of the day.
Right.
This is the same point.
Talking in the theater,
we'll tell the other, turn their cell phones off.
And you want to know why?
I can't stop.
That's it.
They're compulsive.
Compulsive of a crap, uh, disturbers.
560, 705, 60, 560 on EAT and T and Verizon Wireless Line are magnificent pool on the
Arranger.com today.
Pretty timely.
Which of these do you care about most?
The NFL playoffs 117 out of 462.
The Iowa primary 78, hockey 66, anybody buying that?
No.
That's more than we'll have at the game tomorrow night.
When is Mo leaving 57?
Who killed Cock Robyn 37?
When's Farrell coming back?
34?
When is Dave Wons that leaving 34?
By the way, I mentioned the next week Joe Rosa signing is a permanent deal from 8 to 10.
Yes he did.
Setting a man to the moon 27.
The Michael Jackson case he pleaded not guilty.
Uh, Michael Jackson case 8.
And the Scott Lacey Peterson case still has only 4 out of 466 vote.
Only 4 is 0.8%.
Their numbers are dropping faster than ours.
If that's possible, 24 minutes less 10 seconds, 2350, 2348.
5, just play the ticker.
Just leave it.
WQAM.
There's actually somebody on line 1.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Is it you?
It's me.
Ah, your family.
See?
There you go.
That's him.
WQAM.
Hello.
Well, I said that was some a spec.
QAM.
Right.
Hey, now what's up?
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Uh, I think I know the reason behind us going to Mars.
Yeah.
I think we went there to look for weapons of mass destruction.
Yeah, somebody already said that.
I think it was Dennis Gassimson, the debate in Iowa.
56705, 60, 05, 60.
Would you con?
Now we got 20 minutes to go.
I think we got that big one to two hour and then we got the weekend.
Okay.
We're calm.
Follow the lead.
Kick them numbers around and kick them and kick the can around and kick
them around a little bit.
Kick clearance.
That's not even a challenge.
Like a wet dish rag.
That's me.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What's that the record string?
You're not really a painter.
It's back in the mid-90s.
You were a Buffalo Bill fan.
No, I've never been a Buffalo Bill fan.
I've never been a Buffalo Bill fan.
I've never been a Buffalo Bill fan.
I was a dog fan for a long time.
I used to go to the games by my own tickets.
I got disgusted to the whole organization.
And long before there was any Tommy Brady, it was a paid for his fan.
So blow it out your ass.
Let's set the record straight.
There's just another one of these jealous silly people.
I'll take that back.
I was a Buffalo Bill's fan 100 years ago when they were in the old American football league.
When I was working in Batavia.
I used to go to all the bills game.
There's Jack Kemp at quarterback.
He sucked.
Bringing Darrell Lamanica.
We want Lamanica to crowd-ready.
All they'd bring him in finally lose saving.
And what did we win the game?
Cooking, go, Chris.
The whole crowd.
George Sames.
From Michigan State.
I remember it well.
But as far as the NFL is concerned, I have never, ever, been a frickin' Buffalo Bill's fan.
The Bill's Bite.
Somebody cue A and hello.
Hello, Neal.
Yes?
How are you Neal?
Hey, listen, I was just giving you a quick call just to go off track a bit.
But did you see that goal that rasmussen scored last night?
No, I did not.
You didn't see it?
No.
Just to show you how much ESPN sucks up to these bastards with a little basketballs.
That was number three in their top ten and followed by, of course, a little dunks.
Little dunks here and there.
Yeah, okay, great.
Thanks for the good news.
5-6705-60, pounded 5-60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Leaves into flyers home and home tonight and tomorrow.
Anybody here care?
No.
They care in Toronto.
I've told you that if they can follow themselves out.
The windshield last night in Toronto, 40 below zero.
Which when you get to 40 below Fahrenheit and Celsius are the same.
windshield.
Temperature was 24 below.
windshield, 40 below.
That's cold enough.
You can walk outside within 30 seconds.
You're like, you're just frozen, right?
Just like, uh, what's your name used to be?
On passions.
Charity.
Oh.
Charity.
You don't know from charity?
No.
As she's mousey, you wouldn't like her.
How do you know?
Maybe I like mousey.
No, that's your castel mousey.
Like Christina Aguilara.
In other words, what we could do is have a contest, put a piece of cheese in the trap and find her both of them and two grabs it first.
She's mousey.
But then Miguel, I like him.
He's got him, old mouse. WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
Hey, real quick.
Let you know that.
Go ahead.
Leon Redbone is coming to home today.
I'll be damned.
I'm going to be down there for that.
No, no.
You won't be down there for that.
I can't handle that.
Come on.
The guy's going to be 70 years old.
110 is what I'm hearing.
Well, that's what I'm hearing.
He used to be good when he was 30, man.
Not anymore though.
When he was 30.
Well, that's a good big name at her time and you get in home state.
You know who that wants to come there.
Oh, come on.
It's not bad down here.
Is it?
No.
Could be worse.
How's that?
That's right.
Could be sweetwater.
You're right.
Could be sweetwater.
You could be goobs.
You could be goobs or an orangia.
You're right.
Good luck to you, pal.
Take care, buddy.
I'll see you at the border.
I'll see you at the crossing.
All right, bye.
All right.
567.0560.
5.60 on a year.
What are we smiling about?
What a week here.
Did we do the second break?
Yeah, we did.
Oh, and I mean, we're great.
We're golden.
Right to the top of the hour.
It's golden.
It's golden.
How long is the golden shower's time at QAM?
I just took one.
Did you?
Can you smell it?
I start.
Oh, no, not as perojetically.
No, actually.
So it's like coffee.
Well, it's all gold, Italy.
I mean, why not the power 96 people get to go?
Sure.
They got to go.
Except Greg didn't get to go.
Nice going for help.
It's screwed up Greg's trip to Italy.
If we're nothing else, we love for real for that.
Huh?
That's why Greg won't cut a short, dz ugly acid in here.
And by the way, don't come wall sin in just
because I'm talking about it on here.
I don't need to see you while I'm here.
I don't need to see him.
I was still last week in Toronto. I made the comment to you about the one to two hour that we dumbed last Wednesday
We're actually doing four full hours on Wednesday and working and earning our pay and then I made the cost a comment about how are
Between our middle management
Brain part there neither one of them had any comment about it
I like they're oblivious and then on Friday morning Duff comes into this to oh, no, we really enjoyed that yeah
Right who the hell are you kidding when the two of them come in together and that of course that whole dog and pony sure was about
Zack getting blow off the morning show if you recall yeah, which which isn't even worth it's not even worth discussing
It's not even worth it farting about he doesn't care. He's okay. He's still here
He'll be just fine being the door man at the dial house. Maybe sniff a little bit over there. Whatever you can get a hold up
But boy talk about a pimple on everybody's ass. They made into a gigantic into a mountain. Not just a mole, but into a huge mountain
Because there are a bunch of emotional cripples around his place. That's the other reason it's so pleasant to be here
I'll be gone soon WQA. I'm hello. Hi. Yes. I like to speak to
New Rogers speaking. Hey, how are you doing pretty good? How are you doing pretty good? You were talking about Lionel? Yeah, you know
I listen to show a couple times and you know who we remind you his trains a lot. Well, you know who reminds me of who's that?
Remember running run. Yeah
The Joe pesci run the Joe pesci run right
What's up crap the morning show yeah and?
He is his white. I think he's one of the runs, but he changed his name for legal reasons
Who's one of the runs the Lionel? No, he's not no, he's Lionel. Okay, I know
He'd change his name for illegal reasons his name is Lionel whatever it tells me
He was a caller on the Bob Lassiter show years ago in FLA in Tampa and that horse ball
And then he became a talk show host no wonder it's easy to make stuff up and they believe it
What do you mean by that because you can tell them the truth and they don't believe it?
They're not listening they're not listening anyway. The other thing I'm gonna hear is the sound of their own voices
They don't really care. You know what I'm saying Neil Rogers is my lover. Yeah boy. We see a beauty, huh?
With him deadlocks
He had better deadlocks than Ricky would it was a dreadlock mullet. He was
Oh
Man and then nasty nasty strippers. They used to have it a hallway there at woo wee man
Yeah, you could pull them to park a lot into a Sid Mark's parking spot
surgical you could even smell you could just smell the puke coming from the oh, I don't want to say what orifice
5 6 7 0 5 60 that's your one over big didn't it? No that running wrong thing and of course runny day
So he's talking about me what he's having the softest man. He's ever seen in his life and he didn't even check it out
How's he know what's off? I want to show him it was real was limp and he never he would talk about being a pussy
He didn't have the ball Stephen come over be on the show. That's a real pussy, you know, mm-hmm
Cigar's their Indian never see him and Al Gore together same person cigar's their engine. He was a little darker
Ron boy in fact he'd ever see him together with
PD Lenny it was PD Lenny on stilts only the hair was different. That's right
WQ I am
Any nail yes, sir. Hey look
When is the people gonna get tired of spending money overseas with our tax money and then now we have money to go to Mars
But we don't have money to take care of
State right
Right, don't you agree at 100% 400%
410 times in November pali just remember market down right now market on your arm make a momentum to yourself
So you haven't seen the movie like in chronological order no, I ought it's it's interesting
That's what Teddy said you said watch it from the ass end to be a sought again in regular backwards, right?
You know knowing what was gonna happen and got more out of it this time
But when you see it like in real chronological order then you really get something out of it because it's
It's very fun watching it with someone who's never seen it before because the good part of it is the credit still rolled back
Yeah, so in the beginning and you say yeah, I wonder if this is gonna work and guess what it works when you have your Easter egg
5 6 7 0 5 60 but that's something I I don't I don't get it. I just don't understand why they do that
Something to do it's the almost as good as being that skull and bones deal
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, sir, which
Santana found you'd like better. I don't like Santana
I can't stand Carlos Santani makes me sick to my stomach and you know who I really can't stand who is the guy that's saying that the smooth what that was his name
Smooth Robbie Roberts or Robbie something Benson
Oh, they must have I may times an hour they play that
Every station okay Santana makes me bar
Yeah
Why why do they do that why do they keep bringing back these discolored committee that conspiracy to tell you that?
Where's it? It may lay here?
They want to cancel the Mariah Carey concert because they're afraid of women with one big breast
This is a pervert in the bitch and she seems a lot of Louise Miguel songs and he's still no on no part of her
WQ a.m.
Hello, yes, sir. Yes, is there a rod? Yes?
Yeah, I'm gonna know I'm a long time a first-time list of colon with a phony voice. Yeah. Yeah, okay good
WQ a.m. Hello. How you doing? The ill pretty good sir
I'm a bit you have to fake my phone here on
1995
WQ a.m. Hello
Q.A.M.
Neil yes, sir
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, Neil yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great good. I want to forget that day actually when you were talking about a Greg make you and
On more get together and you are such a great I just say Greg made it. I haven't seen Greg hide her hair man
Nothing to do
I say that to you right say together with mom
No, no, they I know they did not nobody nobody said that to nobody
I came in he was in a parking lot sitting out there
We got into a screaming match and then it all evolved and I said I thought about I said this is bull crap. I still can't stand him
Oh, I'm so I'm so I'm so
For you to assume that Greg would have initiated that would be to assume that he's really running the radio station
That it's a hands-on operation as opposed to hiding and being a coward in the child and believe you me
He's a he had none to do with it. I'm sure I'm sure but I'm so buddy and give him the online
I'm sorry thought it can do that, you know, I just see what to see him anyway. I didn't go to see him
What did I just get through telling you so I saw him in a park a lot?
I was coming in you see when you come into this building there is a door
You know, I mean when you come into most buildings
There's a door through which you must enter you can't come flying in with a parachute you have to come into the door
And he was outside say okay, okay, I still love you Neil. Okay, so you see that was a great tell you to meet with Mo
Last week five six seven. I mean no matter what you tell these people to tell them the truth
Just about the for all thing and I don't know there's something else. Okay, whatever you say Joe Rose just died in a horrible
Swimming accident and mad dog lost his leg in the toaster and the Humperer exploded from being too fat and
Whatever whatever you want. I'll say anything. They'll make up their own story
What right if you try to tell the American public the truth?
I don't want to say anyway. They much rather here some wild story
Jackson and court first of all
We don't see Jackson and court he played the gully. It's that's it
What I mean not guilty
Was that a free insert? I mean, you know, they're just wishful thinking what I we don't want to spoil all that fun
WQM line nine
Neil WQM. Hello. That was Greg Q.A.M
It was you have the great one WQM. Hello WQM. Hello
You're right about Reverend Jones by the way. He will die this month Q.A.M
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on buddy? Not too much. You know these do I know what these these? Yeah, these nuts and dumb nuts and you're nuts
We know you're nuts WQM. Hello. Yes. I'd like to speak with Neil. Please speaking
Neil I just wanted to reach out. Yeah, I know that speaking about attending in your pink outfit
You're gonna change your colors of your wardrobe. Oh, this is the wardrobe guy again. I'm not I love my pink outfit
That's an excellent shirt by the way. Yeah, I'm wearing a beautiful
tropical order right it's a Florida shirt. I would ever wear this in Toronto or in Amsterdam or any place
I'll send out a signal flaky or a Floridium. You don't have to send out a super in Toronto believe me
The gate at the radar is all over the place
WQM. Hello
Can I talk to Neil? Speaking
Yeah, I'm afraid. I do you sir. I said happy Friday to you. Oh, happy birthday, man. Okay
He's focused. Are you a bald bag? Yeah
WQM. Hello
Off the I heard QA. I don't you see you know yes, Neil boys the reason here
I'm sorry. I haven't really listened this week very much, but I went on
Because I'm a Shema book and I thought you decided knit it right but
What was your feeling on the polo Neil interview on 60 minutes the other night because I haven't you know
I thought it was wonderful. I thought okay now the Democrats have some great great ammunition to
Dennis cassettes was the only one in the debate that followed is the only one that opened up a mouth and quoted the book
It might not sub out and then ten Kennedy the other day yesterday morning. I played it on ear
He was also quoting your Neil book and everybody in the country ought to be forced to at least read those couple of pages
But they won't I agree. I mean they won't
The state is the s8 factors are stupid stupid
Well, the thing that that he's an empty suit we all knew that but the other things that that were that were we
I thought were just unbelievable. I thought now we got some ammunition the Democrats ought to go out there and start pounding this thing down line man
A room full of deaf people keep it in mind. Oh, I'm gonna flip my wrist. I'd have a good. I'll see it to pulling place pal
See it the old pool place
Maybe fat boy will be there at the old pool place with a stupid ass neighbor to by the way Dave
But I die just die don't go away. I just died even fat boy hates you
Which is you would die?
Diana look at this. It's 12.51. Wow the pressure now if you crack the door
Oh, man look at that a big giant cloud just came see put in here in fact it came under the door Wow
From the direction of muff and clearness is orifice
The pressure because they know that this could it could be anything
Right we could wind up with a big kiss in December and maybe get you know salvage a pretty decent book
We could wind up yeah about where we were in the trend which is pretty marginal or we could wind up with another death bell
month
Which would be really really bad not of course Greg who doesn't handle those kinds of things well
He'll be emotional. What do we have him in Duff what are we gonna do what are we gonna do?
And that that kind of crap
It's really in fact, maybe we ought to hope for that last part last choice
Okay, because it's kind of fun to watch them Nash 13th especially when you know you're dealing with people haven't got any idea
What what they're doing who've just been faking their way through and looking their way for a long long time
WQ I am
Yes, sir. Hey, you're a second there right I beg your pardon yes
Yeah, man. I was by the grandstand is so like up dog there. It was why?
Up dog there. Yeah, it smells like yeah up dog
WQM. Hello
In that sad how they can't even come you know, yes to no this morning I went through this long thing about how most people haven't got an original thought in their head
Yeah, and so when they have nothing to say the new deal is they either take something somebody else called it instead or they'll take something from a bit
They play like and then and then they'll try to like either out do it or repeat it. It's pathetic
It's sad now you understand why the 700 Club is on the air
Oh, I know and Janet Paul Crotch and who's in those other cards and Fox News Network and channel seven news
All of these things and Jackie Johnson
She has a Johnson. Oh, yeah, I heard I saw this morning. Yeah, it's a strap on a stable to strap on she she inherited it from Celia
5 670 560
Count 560 in fact, that's what Skippy said to us grew any of it. She said what are you doing with that? He said I like to Celia
Sure the case
Oh
Poor Brian Highland let's bring Brian Highland out. What do you say? Oh come on Brian sing it again
WQM. Hello
Kakamon get it right boy WQM. Hello
Yeah, sir
WQM hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, one thing sir about the proof thing. I think you went a little bit too far with that
She's a monkey face. Why do you say that? He was he was a monkey face. What's wrong with that look?
We're Cuban descendants my family. They were sorry upset at the comments you may know what's coming in here
Look, yeah, no you know Elvis that's the one you like I don't like
Here's enough for him. Oh, she's dead too. Yeah
Fony holding his their whole cake. Yeah, so fake man. Not even Cuban probably a weekend
5 6 7 0 5 6 you probably a beener
Nothing could be meaner than an angry old beener
WQM hello hello
WQM hello Neil yes, I can be one reason why I'm support is of any type of major space project. Yes, jobs
Great jobs. There you go. Oh sure
Communities all be working all the presidents big friends. They were lucky even Boeing and all that so it's great
Well also the economies of the various cities. Yeah, cocoa beach Huntsville
California. Yeah, okay. Oh, the whole state of California. Is that a city now? Pretty big city if you ask me
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
All them jobs. That's to be placed in ones that all his big business buddies are sent overseas to the Chinese and every place else
All is yeah, all that India all slave labor. Oh, did you see the piece was that what show was that on? I don't know about the Indians that are answering the phones now right
That that is just unbelievable all of the jobs are the shipping all the jobs to the cheapest like four cents an hour kind of being
Counterassholes. It's unbelievable
Wow, that was a shock and then they show that they have classes where they teach them to speak English like Americans sure
Why can't they do that for the Brits?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
I'm watching him shower right now on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I love I love that and I love it more than you do because you just
You haven't had as much experience with the Brits as I have over across the pond. No, they are everything that you hear and then some
It's just there's nothing I embellished there. It's a that's a counter to few. They are such a bunch of silly geese man
It's what I love to hear them talk so embarrassing
It's pathetic
Which of these do you care about the most I'm glad to see we got a few people out there care about something that's good
501 votes. It's not too bad
The NFL playoffs 131 care the most about the playoffs. Let's go. What's their name?
Oh, Pants
The Iowa primary 86 hockey 68 right you should live so long
When is Moe leaving 60 who killed cock robin 43?
When is they've wants that leaving 37 when is for our coming back 36?
Setting a man to the moon is God
Michael Jackson case nine he a pleaded not guilty by the way
And now what is this the father they warrant to be unsealed in a fear with him up to getting a fair trial later
So that's probably the proper media is appealing the gag order right now Michael said he was gagging on it
He said was pretty big for like a nine-year-old
Michael Jackson case nine and Scott lazy Peters in case only four guess what George it's three minutes till one
I see that it's okay to take the plug out now, okay?
Boy, it's the one to two hour
Any minute now they're gonna come walks it in here, baby. They're gonna have a long
Sad look on those pussy
Big day, say the love, don't forget that we're gonna shoot down
We gotta, that we're all pumping and saving, we gotta, be more than package no more
We gotta, waste for small things, alright
You say not a level is what they got you to believe
Can't get any government or one party called a thief
You believe what they say like the fall
Like the fall of the waterfall
As they embrace us, us to a state so they call it true
We'll be electional, we gotta, push it's gotta ring, we gotta, get down on your knees
We gotta, dead change
Praise Lord like Jesus, maybe kiss boy
Chris Bush, it's a 101 at 560 WDQM, we haven't got any numbers yet
No, we will though, soon
In fact, when the trends came out, the last trend, I don't know why, because you were faxing them to me up in Toronto
But the moment the little hand at the big hand, here came the first page, I mean that was, that was pretty prompt
But now of course there has to be a lot of gnashing a teeth and who's gonna be bringing them in?
Oh Josh Cordis, poor Josh
We don't know, they're probably gonna spank him before he does
But Josh says he wants to spack you Josh, don't let him do it
Huh? It'll probably be done
What he wants to take out his frustrations on, you know, because it's gonna be really bad
I guarantee you one thing we're not gonna be playing today
We're number one, dammit!
You're a teen, I'll bet you Moe's life on it
In case you missed it Moe's illum, he was out last two days again
I think God was punishing him for that phony dog, that instant seer dog in pony show
He tried to put him out
See if he would, I don't know if he would ease, aw aw aw aw aw
Did you see the look on his face?
No I didn't, I have never, if he could have just, if the doctor would have said we have to amputate both your arms and one leg
He couldn't have had a more grim look on his face
Do you have any comment? Huh?
Any commentary?
Come on!
Down!
That's too far down
Well what does that mean?
Oh well what we lost, we're dropping off that huge September
So we had a good month
We did?
Are you sure?
You think?
He doesn't know yet, because this is 12 years old
Yes, what does it mean anything?
But he is pulling it so hard, it might just pop off in a second
He is squeaky, listen, anything you can do to help us, put a hex on that thing on a machine
In fact, just cross him out and make up some good numbers
How about that, we'll just lie, we'll look at that, we had a 20 share!
Not only that, but everybody else does it
Number one, dammit!
Yeah, that's very big in this business, especially in this market
A lot of people have never had any numbers, they lie and lie
Let's see, oh Jesus, WCMQFM is number one!
Oh, this is a specfest!
They've never been number one in the history of this month, this is 12 plus, Monday through Sunday the whole week
WCMQFM, what do they play?
Huchi Kuchi or Celia Cruz?
That's what it was, we screwed, you done it!
That was my fault, if you would have just told me, hey, kiss her ass
because those specs love Celia Cruz, we could add a 30 share, man!
But no!
Monkey face my ass, well you know, monkey face my face
CMQFM number one of the five points, oh that's a low number
Life dropped from a 6-1 from their almost always number one to four points
This is the most fupus I've ever seen
Where did they go?
Power went from a 540 to a 4-6
EDR is third power for Radyo Romance, I win up again
So did the specfest, I'm just wacky, Radyo Monde, B
What is that?
Where did that come from?
Must have been you.
It wasn't me, I'm not playing anything in here, it's in there
It was in the control room, I didn't put anything on it here
That was somebody in the control room, put a pot on, okay?
Somebody's doing the old pot, see if you can get some
Look at that, wacky, all the specestations when zooming up, I'm M-I-B
I don't know, oh Radyo Romance, I win from number 18 to number 8, 262-4-1
The specfest, your man!
Even the Shrows couldn't handle it
We have finally maxed out on Spix in this market
Where the hell is IOD in us?
12 plus IOD from a 3-4 down to a 2-8
I'm only precipitous drop, I'm only going to W-I-O-D
And we went from a 2-8 to a 2-6 over on the station, almost flat
Drop it off that big September, it means we might have had it in anything
Right, but that's 12 plus
Zeta from a 2-8 to a 2-5
Q-B-8, every Spanish language station went zooming up in this book
That is, we need an investigation
Maybe that's why you're not finding anybody in town, maybe all the Anglos left
The Anglos are gone in the O'Holios, or we even got midday here 12 plus
I didn't know that, he didn't tell me that
He didn't want me to prepare me for the shock
3-5 to a 3-0, oh boy, see 12 plus, not good
Not good, IOD 4-5 to a 3-6
So 12 plus, we took a precipitous drop on his show, what about that morning show?
Huh? I don't see it on the first page, 6 to 10 AMW, what's this call?
What's this station called? IOD 3-5-3-3 in the morning, down a little bit
3-3 to a 2-8 for Zeta, oh oh, Q-A-M-2424, flat
2-4-2-4, flat, us 3-5-3-0, down
What about the afternoon, the bumper and the bumper?
Not on the first page, but 3-1-2-2-8, down
So on the morning stayed flat, but when you're that low, what can you do? Where can you go?
So these numbers 12 plus, but again, like you said, it doesn't mean anything
Yeah, could mean, but the Holi-O factor is just shocking here, I've never seen anything like this
You people must be producing like rabbits
You said it years ago, what's that? Before I knew anything about numbers
The other one doesn't know how to sample this market
Except when we're number one
We're number one, damage!
In little oputions, under the age of 10, shorter than 2 feet
Michael Jackson paid his not guilty by the way, anybody care? No
So here you go, WCMQFN, now what do they play Ho Chi Koo Chi?
I don't know, I'll go ask somebody
I'm gonna tell you, seriously, something to think about
Think about changing a format to a Ho Chi Koo Chi, what can be wrong with that?
Right? Why not?
Oh, right!
Yeah!
Wait!
It's a good song!
La Celia da Semn!
So there you go, there's the 12 plus numbers
Don't look too promising for us to be 5 to a 3 point in midday, 12 plus, 3-0, woo!
We've had lower than that, in 12 plus, we've had like 2-8, 2-8
It doesn't mean very much, basically what that means is we didn't have any punks listening
We didn't have any old farts, or if they hate me like Poison anyway, who can't feel these mutual
So there you go, so we're still waiting now, I've got all of them, I'm not even gonna bother stapling this stuff
Like I do up there, I'm just making this in a big pile, okay?
No, it doesn't mean it's not our bag, okay, it's not our bag
Author dies after facelift, best selling author Olivia Goldsmith has died after facelift went wrong
Oi! She was best known for the first wives club, which turned into the 1996 hit film starring Goldie Hahn,
Batman, Lauren Dime, Keaton, as three friends who take revenge on cheating husbands who dumped them for younger women
Remember that the first wives club? No, I had none
I remember, I saw the... I saw the...
The 54 year old writer whose real name was Justine Rendle had been in a deep coma for more than a week
caused by reaction to anesthetic while she was having plastic surgery, she died last night in Manhattan
How do you like that? Oh, look at the look on his face, holy crap man!
He gave me a look like somebody just farted right in his face, must have been the beast, Jesus!
18... well, 18 to 34, this isn't our bag
The next one's cup, your batch is coming in there
My batch is coming, next, that's what Ron Bennington said too
So, have you seen it?
Three overalls, I don't know
You mean? Well, that's not so bad
I don't know
Well, that's not a disaster, huh? No
I don't see no bonus money coming with that kind of a number though
For you?
Right, maybe for anybody, certainly not for you
In fact, regardless of the number of Mr. Forget about it
18 to 34, and this isn't our crowd?
No, but we can get a cent though
Something closer to our crowd than the other one
What is he doing?
They're making an expressway
Get out of here, don't be making a project other, we're not in any big hurry for these, okay?
Oh, look at that, oh not good
Duck just dropped the one under here
Will you clean it up, clearance?
Get the old broom and give me like a nasty look, 2554
And you're running out of a 6-0 to a 4-8, we're number 3, but a very, very lackluster from a 6-point
Oh!
And a summer to a 4-8, that's the overall station
WQAM
Mornings? I bet your morning's hit some serious ass
QAM, 5-3 to a 4-8 down a half a point, that means we're way down there
Over number 2
Well, that's better than I thought we might be
8-0 to a 5-8, 5-8 towards, and look who's number 1
See this is, this is the most screwed up WCMQFM 45 to a 6-6
They went from number 8 to number 1 in men
This is the most phony, there needs to be a congressional investigation
Okay?
We're coming in a little Havana, Hylia, Hylia Gardens, Sweetwater, we're gonna like kick your ass
This is unbelievable
This is worse than the frickin' Maryl Bolift
6-point, 6-versi, we don't even know what that lay play besides with each other
QAM 5-5-point 8, number 2
Well, word ner
We're number 2
Dammit!
That's the 10-3 number though
Yeah
Well yeah, but let's see how 3-7, I'm sure they did
We're better than we did, guaranteed
Oh!
7-0 to a 5-1
Yeah, but we're still never gonna beat the 6-6
No
We had a 5-8, F-9-5-1, well at least we're back on the king of the hill
We're on top
Like Clarence says, he likes being on top
Because the beastman weighs 600 pounds
So anyway, big is number 1 on the F-news, does that make any sense?
No
This whole thing is all over the place
There are stations that aren't even broadcasting they're written in this book
Boy, I think ArborTron needs a big fat lawsuit and a major congressional investigation
Call up Ted Kennedy
Call up some good liberal
7-0 to a midnight, nobody cares
Oh, sorry, Eddie Kay, we love you, but nobody cares
What happens to what happens to the midnight?
In fact, what happens?
Men 25-54, QAM3735
That's October, November, December, which includes a little bit of that the world serious stuff
IOD41-233, that's the heat
The heat get beat every single time, not just the game's the ratings
So why are you standing there?
What am I gonna tell you about this? It sucks
So what does that mean then?
Well, I'll tell you what it means, 5-8-24
17.4
And what do we have?
We had a 6-5 and a 4-4
Or no, this is 25-54, we don't know what that means
We had the 5-4 and 5-2, that's what we had
10-6, that means we had a 6-8
In 25-54, and December
That's good day
No, it's not great, no, it's not good
Better than that, 4 or whatever
Right, no, we didn't have a 4-4 and 25-54, that was 18-plus
Do we have many 18-plus or we don't do that?
Okay
So that means we're making a comeback in December, both boy and November really
Just stuck it right up our ass
And look at this, as soon as I said stuck it up our ass
Look at this smile on Clarence's face
Said brought back a lot of great memories
So there you go, we're number 2, damn it, we've been dethroned
By a station that nobody ever heard of that nobody knows what it is
It's a spit conspiracy, man
Wow, I knew the day would come when he just we'd be outnumbered
You know what I'm talking about?
I blame arbitration
No, no kidding
They don't know where the spics live in this market
It's an 80, that's coming out
It's an 80, that's in the bottom
And when all the people are coming out
What do you mean we're the spics live in this market?
Is there a place where the spics don't live in this market?
That's the point out
See?
Yeah, in other cities
WCMQFM, this looks to me like the most wired diaries in the history of the arbitrarian rating system
I mean, we don't mind losing out, but to them
To them?
In addition to which, let's take a puke at what's going on with Rush
You know what I mean?
With Rush
Five for this way
Five for it, it was four eight midday in IOD
From four to fifth
We kicked their ass by a full point
Yeah, I mean, after you'd rub them from a seven od away
Five one, and that's during dolphin season
October of the Embride December
All dolphin stuff
And still
Same result
Pretty weak
Pretty, pretty weak
Okay, well we're trying our best, okay
We're doing the best we can and the meantime so to morning with all that hype and all the other bull crap not nobody's to right there
Sorry
One 13 at five 60 WQM at this time of the year man
You want to be sure you get a good night's sleep because the ratings might come out and you might drop from number one to number two
So you want to go home and put your head down on the pillow and just cry and sleep for hours
Get yourself a great mattress that'll let you get a great night's sleep or anytime you want to hop on it from Dilemacres
Celebrate the new year in comfort where with a great new mattress and Dilemacres
Pick up that phone and call them right now
Dilemacres is proud to have had it stirons and bananas fostered their already strong championship lineup
Stirons and foster was the finest mattress made in America now you can sleep on one tonight
Like calling 1-800 mattress right now and of course they also carry the other top names in a business like Serta, Cigley, Simmons, King Coyle, Temperpedeck
Choose from dozens of models at low every day on beatable discount prices and keep in mind as far as deliveries concerned the best in the world
Only Dilemacres lets you choose that two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule when you're going to be home when it's convenient for you not just for them
Any day seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night with low prices same day delivery preset of unmoval
It's easy to see live Dilemacres is ranked number one customer satisfaction
So do the smart thing be like us here at QM be smart not dumb like the people at WCM QFM call 1-800 mattress
1-800 MATTRES or you'll find them online if you like at mattress.com
My name is Lowell
This is 4-3-0-5-60
You're way, you way
You're way, you way
This night on CNBC there's a brand new voice in cable news
I folks it's me I don't want to go out for the ride here but it's time for the top stories, okay?
It's Dennis Miller
Finally a news anchor who gives you the facts in no uncertain terms
Our old friend Howard Dane says he can defeat George W. Bush
Okay, how we yeah and you know septium has a better chance of jumping ahead of support you on the periodic table
Okay
Dennis Miller on CNBC reporting the top stories in a language you can understand
How about that Saddam Hussein?
This guy's more brain damaged than Kobayashi after the Asapuko eating contest at the Yakima Panderoza
Dennis Miller play news and playing talk
So don't get left behind like Tom Bumpadilla the Lord of the Rings movies
Stay informed to watch me Dennis Miller that's the news and I am out of here
We have time for fourth in the morning but it's a down to a 4-8
Anyway, definitely just saying pop pop pop pop pop like that
117 at 560 he's trying to make a story out of this okay?
You're right tied for fourth eight all that bad all the four wait. Yeah, it's okay. Is it great? No?
So we have all these transitions going on of course this this was on the heels of a transition right?
Would they probably been in the Joe coming in although yeah it was
Now what did he just hand me? Oh, I don't want this I don't want this at all
Persons 18 plus why do I want that do I want that? No no
5 6 7 so we got a whole bunch of ratings here and all you people out there you can say a prayer for us
Okay, just goes to sure I'm many team plus is what I'm looking for all time well I want you to apologize
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T they're not crying as much we got a little bonus money out of this we squeeze some out right
Second who the hell was on our ass? Oh nobody am I man? No look at this. Oh this what are I telling you?
Did I say to you there is nobody down here now this fall yeah, there's nobody here magic in men 25 to 54
Front went from number 12 from a 3 7 which is about what they always do to third with a 5 point
Amen in midday magic tragic
Big is fourth IOD 5 4 to a 4 8 rush was back and they still went down
Life 6 8 to a 4 3 this is the most cock oh and kiss look at this kiss kiss it look it
Kiss 27 to a 4 to a midday hey so you got a bunch of nose pickers bunch of crackers and Cubans with the dire mix
Spix and Hicks you got it and chicks getting nearer kicks and licks and probably a few dumb dicks
25 50 40 afternoon big 5 5 their number one. I mean this is just all over the place
Someday part some stations go way up other day parts they go way down like big
How was stirring went from an 8 1 to a 10 5 in the morning and then 10 point 5 share double digits again for howie?
man
Life I think what we need is great to keep my shift in the schedule around again. How about if we do like 11 to 3?
Okay, mad dog in the morning mad dog in like 6 to 8 p.m
Hank can do like 1 to 4 in the morning mo can do like 3 30 to 4 30 you know let's just keep shoveling around work for Pete Bolger
No, not
3 to 7 boy that's that's quite a precipitous and the like the list of ship fell off the edge of the globe see we need loyal listeners
We need people listen on and on for in the afternoon the like the list of ship went from 5 hours a week to 3 and a half hours
R's went from 9 hours a week to 6 the way they to say
Yeah, I was at the new format. We're gonna say everything in Spanish. We're gonna say both times and bilingual first we say in
English I'm all I mean
So there you go. It's just a real ball of crap is what is that in Jimmy faxes and he says
And he also says don't forget the checks there who we did cares about the ratings
That's right as if today we never cared about the ratings here did we know we never cared about it we still get some money
Right we still get a little bit of money George gets like couple of pesos
And since the Hispanic factor was so big you will be getting paid in pesos
Rick says I'm a frequent listener to QAM particularly your show I agree with everything you say about King Bush and his noble men
Dean is getting a little soft he needs to take his Viagra pills again come on get that thing up there again Howard
I'll pick it up in Canada for him. Oh, you can go to Amsterdam. They're on the streets coke ecstasy Viagra
By the way, can you tell me what kind of Lincoln was cannon driving
I wasn't a Lincoln I don't think was in a mercury marquee. That's what I thought I thought also what is the next van hit I have money to burn
Well Rick we will take your money we don't have no more van hits because the fundraisers oh that's right it's not a van hit
But George will be at Bill Sattles he'll be the seventh to guy in fact maybe we can get some of them to start listening what do you think no
What what is I want somebody to call in and tell us what the hell is the format of WCNQFM no speaking in glaze
Do you have any ideas I obviously some kind of a music station why is that obvious?
Because it is okay. It's not a talk station. How do you know because the talks Spanish language talk stations are on AM QBA
I can see my no wrong
560 560 pound 560 only AT&T line QQM
Yeah, sir. All right. One of these people call you and say well it can't happen here. You know what can't happen here. Well you know this guy's savage Michael Savage
Yeah, not see you he came on the rare on the air last night. Why do you listen to that? Well I just thought I was tuning over but I just listen to it.
So he came on the last thing or anything about how Michael Powell should take down biocom executives and how it's turned take them off the air.
Even at the top of his lung he said it like 20 times last night. You know about how it still isn't going to happen.
I understand that but yet again people say well it's just you know there's no undercurrent it can't happen.
Not just an undercurrent it's an overcurrent. I mean it's we got that Nazi out there in California.
The Republican Congressman wants to like add 4,000 more words on there that we can be fine for and throw an enjel and take it off the air.
Of course the repression is unbelievable and the public is sitting back with her finger up each other's ass.
And he called you know he's got taken down off MSNBC for because somebody he calls on what he calls a Faggot.
He said to them you better drop that or something get some kind of disease and then he went on the air and that's damn said they're trying to take away my library.
That's right and he's doing the same thing.
He's a hypocrite just like rush. So in other words don't do what I do do what I say.
I mean when he said take them down take them off the air and people go oh well he said he's a profooner.
But I hate to break the news to you so the people listen to Howard Stern trust me and not listening to a Michael Savage.
No I understand that but he's talking he's talking to the president.
Sure I understand thank you just calm down I just give me an over stomach.
Yeah but 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well we got a little bit of an idea couple weeks ago we had a lot of work to do we got to do a lot more in 2004.
For more anti Castro. Right more straight and end up a lot more CD Chris music.
Sure and George wants to make a public apology for the terrible monkey face comments he made about CD crews.
I have CDF rules and I am dead now but I remember when I was alive.
Right. I would need to do the giveaway with it.
Oh sweet. You were the best the sweet heart.
What? She was the best.
For a guy with a strap on 5 6 7 or was it a woman with a strap on or a guy with a strap in? I don't know what it was.
5 6 7 0 5 60 old guerrilla post pound 5 60 on the AT&T in fact precious on passes was pretty pissed off.
Somebody compared her to CDF crews and precious was forming at the mouth.
How dare you? WQAM.
QAM.
Who wants WQAM hello?
Neil. Yes sir.
98.3 I think is that station.
And what is it?
It's also meringue. I said they are crews in all that.
Oh I saw another one.
And they are crews.
Let me explain something.
Let me explain something.
Now during the holidays you know all the Spicks gathered together and they are happy in Jolly and right out.
Like probably the three Kings parade and Kayaochi and all that stuff.
They started to enemies of a state between each other and they all dropped.
So you have nothing to worry about.
What does that mean? They all dropped?
No they all hate each other.
You know family they fight against each other.
So then like all your sisters slept with my brother and all that stuff.
And then they make up like in November and they all start listening to happy music.
That was the put them into the gay spirit.
But that's what I'm saying. Don't you worry about it.
You start kicking butt again right after the generation.
All right amigo.
I still came that I made this yet.
King Parachlim Parachlim.
He said he likes that Jesus Jews.
Oh here's parents with some even more numbers.
And he's got kind of that same like you know he's like a look on his push like well.
He's a philosophical about it.
Now nothing we can do.
Can't change him now.
We're up against it man.
Celia Cruz all day.
Yeah.
You're for that starts money.
I'm really going to win.
Joe Roasting Celia Cruz.
I really just don't know what he went into the well.
I'm going to win.
All right.
Yeah I told you it was a guy.
Many team plus let's take a puke at this George.
Oh look at that.
We fall from first to second.
Damn it.
What's high for second?
Oh and look at what's the top two stations in man.
This is overall.
This is criminal.
If you people at Arbor Tron up there in Beltsville, Maryland.
If you can't find a few people spicketing glaze, then nobody's got a
Chinaman's chance if you put in that expression even at the laundry.
Number one WCMQFM from 4.6 number 4 to a 5.6 number one.
Number two Radio Mambe.
WCMQFM from a 3.9 number 10 to a tie for second 4.8 tied with us overall.
It's hard to feel bad about that though.
It's like your wife leaving you for a lesbian.
What are you going to do about that?
I mean you were a people that speak that language aren't going to listen to the media.
Yeah but the fact that my reason is that between the summer book when we did so well
and some of these stations did okay but not great like your radio mambe going from 10th to second.
No English got diaries.
Because there were no angles here.
I've been telling you then.
Oh no you're wrong.
I told you that.
I saw it on a website in November.
I saw it and we still see some of it.
I don't know where they are.
I saw that the track last night.
Did I come in on that earlier than it?
I don't know where the hell everybody went.
And we saw it again last year too at this time.
There's something that goes on in this market that's asked backwards from what it used to be.
It used to be when the weather would start getting cold up north November, December.
That's when the snowbirds would come down.
This place would be packed congested.
Everybody was here.
Now they come down December for a little bit for the holidays.
And then they've amused until February again.
Just for a quick brunch.
Yeah, that's it.
Quick meal at the animal coast and they're out of here.
This is just a strange place in case you haven't noticed.
Magic, 13th to 4th in men.
You talk about a bunch of wired diaries man.
Woo!
Magic from a 3-6 to a 4-3 from number 13 in men 18 plus to number 4 does anybody believe it?
No.
Even my friend Ricky Tickey don't believe it.
No.
No chance.
Kiss, 27th in other words we're talking about stations that were way back in nowhere.
All of a sudden zooming up is there any way that ever happened?
No, it don't happen.
Kiss goes from number 16 in men to number 5 from a 27 to a 39.
From 7 to a quarter hours listening week to 10 hours.
They must have been the antidextrous crowd.
That's that Toby Keith.
Ah, the Toby Keith crowd.
But in the meantime IOD goes from a 4-8 to a 3-8.
They suck wind.
While in the meantime we're doing a 4-8 so we bait them in men anyway.
So take that.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it, Borg.
You piece of crap, you axe murder, you grave robber, you scumbag.
Anything else I should end of that?
Loser.
Neanderthal.
Trogly light.
What?
Just for like, under a lot of stress I can see in your face life is too short to get up.
By the way we sucked.
No, no, actually we did.
We did okay.
If you were to take this book and rejig, I can say that.
Rejig, or redo it and take that ethnic weighting and straight out of the way it ought to be.
We'd be right on topic, we'd be fine.
But if you look at that, look at that while I'm doing the spot.
Take a puke again at that overall man at the top two stations there and see if anybody believes that.
And look at where they're coming from.
Look at magic on here and see where they're coming from.
That's enough to make you want to crap your pants.
That's enough to make you want to flip Ricky Tiki's cap.
By the way, loosen weight, will you please?
Rick Shaw, good friend of ours.
40 years in a business.
He is ballooning up.
Everybody's catching it.
I think he's getting some of the hump or sloppower.
He's getting some of that extra meat.
That was funny.
29 past one at 560 WDQM.
He had the new years is here.
Speaking of fat people, a lot of us are.
And if you're on one of those low carb diets, whether it's the adkins, whether it's that the South Beach diet, it's a rip off, but you know, whatever.
Any of those sugar busters, here's the story you're going to love because it's got everything for you.
It's Delight, so West Boka, the number one low carb store in the universe.
And they've got over a thousand low carb products for you to choose from.
In other words, things with some taste and variety, including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies,
chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces that are out of this world, by the way.
Catch up, cheesecakes and lots more.
And Delight, you'll find the biggest selection of low carb items anywhere in the universe.
And they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can try anything in the store before you buy it.
And they got the biggest selection of adkins, products, Western peace, anywhere in the world that are on sale today.
Next, so kiss in every day.
So if you're on any of these low carb diets, which are becoming more and more popular by the minute,
head for the number one low carb store in the universe.
Delight, so West Boka, you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Or column toll free at 1-877 Low Carb, that's with the W. L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
1-877 Low Carb, or check them on at webbedlowcarb.com.
There's only one Delight, so West Boka, it's your official adkins retail center.
Five at the low carb, this is five sixty one.
The radio's all yours, come to Q-A-N!
From rustic Mayberry R-F-D, he went on to become progressive rocks greatest and best groomed artist.
And now all his best loved songs are available on one CD.
It's the very best of Pink Floyd the Barber.
Oh, welcome, Andy.
Oh, welcome to the machine.
Oh, nice.
Every Pink Floyd the Barber song has been digitally remastered in this CD box set that's on cut above the rest.
Money, oh, get away.
Get a good job and good pay if you're okay.
Say you could be a barber like me.
The very best of Pink Floyd the Barber contains all your favorites, like Hatticegar, Opie.
And if we tell you the name of the game, Opie, Oooo.
But we call it ride the gravy trade, Oooo, yes.
I like games, Oooo, yes.
As well as this Pink Floyd the Barber classic, Ron like Hatticegar.
Say party, Oooo, they catch you with a back seat, let's try to pick Phil Maloo's last.
Oooo, Andy, Andy's gonna set you back to Airbnb in a cardboard box party.
Oooo, you're gonna ride.
The very best of Pink Floyd the Barber is not available.
Instruct.
Oh, call that.
26 till 2 at 5, 60 WQM, the mad dog is coming along at 2.
The Humper is in studio at 4.
He's in the building the load.
And what do we got tonight?
Joe and Mark from 7 to 10.
In actual living and breathing time when somebody might be awake, Joe and Mark tonight.
And then Eddie K follows that.
Overnight sporting news radio.
Touches it is.
We still didn't fight out what the station got ESPN radio.
No, oh good.
Probably one that's not even on here.
I mean you take a look at this and it makes you want to just scream.
Makes you want to gag.
I mean we don't mind getting beat out, you know, because personally you've been on top so long.
But at least like this could beat out to a station that might actually be accurate.
This is just all, you know what it's like?
It's like they took a bunch of, a hat.
They took a big hat.
Took a bunch of little pieces of prescriptive paper.
Wrote down stations at numbers on it and just put it all on a hat and shook it out.
That's what they did.
I mean Howard Stern, all of a sudden, is just on fire man, Baba Buie.
On fire.
And if anybody thought we were kicking some serious ass in the morning, we were doing okay.
But nothing spectacular.
Right?
Right.
Doing fine.
Number one.
In the morning?
Oh.
What are you talking about?
Five six.
What about this many 18 plus?
Where is our number?
Oh, 72 to a five six.
I can tell you right off the bat what that means if we're going in the right direction or not, okay?
16.8.
Six, five, four, four.
Follow me.
Come on out.
Five nine.
Five nine in December.
Not good.
How can it be good when you got two November and December?
The whole book, all three months.
Heavy duty, holy old man.
You can almost smell the olive oil.
That's not from Italy either.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
In fact, the guy that brought these in here was wearing a guia barra.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, I do listen to that for the turn in Mike Savage by the way, but it got somebody called out.
Are you listening to Michael Savage?
Yeah.
And why is that?
He's like from New York and he tells funny stories about himself.
I don't believe in his views.
He's an extremist in the world.
Yes he is.
But he's funny.
He has a funny personality.
Well, luckily we can still listen to whatever we want so far, at least there's of this moment.
But I think what the problem is, is George is on so much with the, when you're on vacation.
And then I never know when you're coming back.
So I don't tune in for like the extra one.
Sure, I've been on since the end of August.
This is already the middle of January, okay?
This rating is October, November and December.
I've been back at Veracunzade by the time this thing starts.
From all of the end of August, all through September, October, November, December,
it's the middle of January, so have a nice life.
What's that?
First and foremost.
So that means we did a five, nine mid days in men in December.
Not too good.
If we only count the people speaking, we did a 33-year.
What do we do?
About 30 men.
Yeah.
Oh, afternoons, let's see, three to seven persons, 25, 54.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do with these.
Maybe wipe my ass.
So pile them up.
Where the hell are we?
Oh, there we are.
Three seven to a three point.
Oh!
We just took it all the way around because if you look everywhere else, even the coast went up here.
Like I said, from 11th to 2nd, and from one book to another, it just doesn't happen.
This doesn't happen.
It doesn't happen.
Well, they never know when you're going to be like that.
It's basically mean, just like this guy, they don't know what I'm going to be on,
they don't know when to put in the phony rating against me.
This is just bizarre.
All the years have been almost 30 years in this market.
About 30 men.
I've never seen such a screwed up book that just got stations all over the place.
You know, all the anticipation we had for this, it could have been worse, to be honest with you.
It could have been a lot worse.
Yeah?
Yes!
I know.
Believe me.
So, expect the worst.
Let me tell you.
What am I looking for?
Men?
18 plus?
I'll tell you what they did in the morning, okay?
This would have been Scott and Mo.
Can I find Scott and Mo?
I know this is boring to the audience.
You don't want to be too bad.
It's Friday.
Just relax.
4444 Mo.
And for well, for the first two months of this book.
12, 13.2.
They had a 6.3 and a 3.2 is 5.9.5.
That means they did a 3.8 in December.
So, they got a 3.2 and a 3.8 going.
See what I'm saying?
Mild.
Mild.
I would say, tepid.
Luke Warm.
Luke Skywalker.
5667.0560.560 on the AT&T.
And for Ryzen Wireless Line.
The big story of this book is known.
Not that we got knocked off.
The big story is known.
Not that magic went up so much or...
The big story of this is, nobody speak English.
No more.
That's the story of the book.
I thought they could feed this dead bull crap.
Oh no, neither you're wrong.
As a period of time goes and people act like this.
They're making agitate and masturbate.
As that time goes on, you'll see.
Well, we're seeing all right.
And all I can say is...
The otachi was done so I can tell now.
When the mortician lifted up my skirt, he said,
I'm going to let you down.
I'm going to let you down.
I'm going to let you down.
Let you down.
Let you down.
Yeah.
See, the cruise is going to be our mascot.
You know the cow that used to be in front of Dan Douds
and Bo campers gun from the dealership now?
We're stealing it.
It's going to be the CD cruise cash cow.
Right and further.
Yeah.
Right in front of the CUMB and we're going to like worship.
We're going to like get down our hands and ease with our flying carpets.
Oh, we better not do that.
They'll think we're Muslims.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
This is outrageous.
This is what this is.
This is blasphemous.
This is taking the radio ratings and making them into a mockery.
I smell something really fishy here.
You know what?
Oh, it's going to be a building.
576 votes on a pool which almost seems to pay
to win significance now.
Doesn't it?
It seems like it.
Don't mean nothing.
Which of these do you care about the most?
The NFL Playoffs 149.
The Iowa Primary 106.
Hockey 74.
Yeah, you should live so long.
No chance.
That's the Fony vote do juror.
When is Moe leaving 67?
Who killed Cock Robyn 50?
When's Farrell coming back 43?
When is Dave Wons that leaving 41?
Sending a man to the moon 32.
Michael Jackson case he pleaded not guilty.
10.
And Scott Lacey Peterson case still.
Still only four.
Wow.
Mainly disappointed although perhaps you know
in a way to make up for it that's might be the reason why
Michael Jackson's bodyguards handed out that invitation
to his fans to go to this party or get together.
Yeah, they're having another party.
They're having a party in their pants.
Little boys all welcome invited to attend.
W. Q. A.m. Hello.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes sir.
You know what the problem is?
Your little stick front next to you.
Yeah, that must be it.
The...
Yeah.
Well, I'm listening.
It's come to say, boss.
Go ahead.
Go ahead and say spit it out.
He can handle it.
He's got broad shoulders for a little bit.
And that's...
Hey, there's big robbers here from there.
I am Celia Cruz and I am Dave Brown.
Oh, come on.
And I remember when I was alive.
I was easy to remember when it was.
I was easy to remember when it was.
See, I think Miguel was talking about the circle of friends.
He hangs with, you know, the Fidelah to hell crowd.
The obsessive one, a dimensional crowd.
They're the ones who are really foaming it out of you
because of the Celia Cruz.
Now I'm taking it.
This guy's right.
I'm taking the heat for it.
I love Celia Cruz.
Next to Luis Miguel, she was my favorite singer.
Are there any Jewish performers that you don't care for?
Uh...
No.
No, they're all good.
Everyone of them.
They're all fantastic.
Uh...
What's his name?
Larry...
On HBO.
Larry David.
You don't like Jerry Seinfeld.
Seinfeld, I can't stand.
Who is that other lady?
Oh, no, the ultimate.
Oh, there's a million of them for crying out loud.
Slicked to the very same thing.
David and comedian.
David and Seinfeld.
What's his name?
David, uh...
With the thin face, the tault and the Jew comedian.
Oh, with the Larry Sanders show?
Yeah.
And then...
Oh, yeah.
And then the Irish handling.
Right, Gary, but that's not what I'm talking about.
Gary's handling is one of them.
There's another one with the thin face.
Oh, man.
He makes Jerry Seinfeld look...
Catholic.
Catholic, come into the room and change the channel.
So what are you talking about?
There's that kind of a Jew.
There are plenty of people.
I wouldn't give a crap about her.
I'd like to leave her, man.
I can't stand here.
How about the Myrlansky?
Her and Shirley Temple.
Can't stand her.
How about Bugsie Siegel?
Another word, Toyy.
She never goes again.
Talking about Temple is more of those anti-Semitic remarks.
So I don't have to like Celia.
We don't like...
No, we're not going to suck up to anybody.
We don't like St. Andrew Cruz on an intro, okay?
She was a crowd.
And then she was a rapper.
And I'm not like Luis Miguel because he was Mexican and Italian.
He wasn't Cuban.
Because she's Cuban.
I mean, I have to like her.
I like her.
I like Miguel's ass even when she was alive.
I like to Ricky Martin Riccardo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, George likes Ricky and Martin pass it along, though.
Now, when are you going to be a Bill Siles?
Oh, it's a while.
A week from Saturday?
Two weeks from what I mean.
24th of January, Saturday, 11th of December, a sense of guy.
Yeah, you're going to be a Bill Cressy.
And you can bring all the CD-Crucities.
We'll play him here on here.
That's the Hoochie-Cucci.
Hoochie-Cucci.
I mean, this is just Asinine.
This is Asinine.
This is Asinine.
And it may sound like sour grapes.
If you lose out to a station, it makes sense.
If you lose out to the stations that make sense.
And not just us, but I mean everywhere.
Look at all these stations just bouncing around like a goddamn bunch of rubber balls.
Even Bobby V never saw a rubber ball like this.
All of a sudden magic after all these years.
They finally caught on.
They finally like to build me a buttercup by the foundations.
It's a hit.
It's a smash.
Right?
The righteous brothers.
Maybe because Bobby Hatfield died with a little coke overdose.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
You think?
Simply vote for the righteous brothers.
That's all they play.
These foundations are the righteous brothers.
And the coast may be Gloria Estefan is in.
Oh, I called Ben.
I was stuck somewhere.
Probably doing an appearance.
Yeah.
And they had on the coast.
And the coast is the most horrible music.
Just one bad song after another.
And I thought, what station is this?
And then they said, you're listening to the coast.
Now, look at this.
Mornings, many 18 plus.
Howard Spurm, 640,
was 7.
Howard Stern just kicking ass, baby.
Farrell just said he didn't really do the dealer, you know.
He was supposed to bring away all.
He did it for a little bit in the beginning.
And then they said, wow, we don't know.
I think he gave away too many of those goddamn tickets.
Maybe they're just, you know, I begged him.
Don't give away all of them tickets.
He just got about your free loaders out there.
They'll kill your showman.
And they did.
Wow.
Radio Mom P is number two.
And this is just, it's an insult to anybody who speaks English.
Seriously, I think many of you people in the Hispanic community
owe us an apology.
In fact, during the last segment, we're going to give you a chance to apologize.
We will not give it to you.
No, no, they will.
They want you to call that apologize.
Otherwise, we're going to be really pissed off and we'll take away your goddamn salsa.
And you're going to be very hopeful.
I beg your pardon?
And you're cool.
560, what the hell not?
Rectum.
567 and you're a Huchi Kuchi.
And you're Chalupas.
0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Elas Guacarachas.
We're taking M2.
145 at 560.
You know something?
This is a lot of fun.
Really?
This is, this book is like, like I said, like they threw it all up in there.
Whatever.
And it just came down on the page.
And we should kiss the ground.
Right.
I'm still going to get some money.
I'm kissing it right now.
Hey, I want to tell you one thing.
You'll kiss our friend.
No, this is, yeah, we're just doing one break now, right?
You got a car problem, whether it's a big problem, a little problem, or like anywhere in between.
Don't just trust your car to any bunch of schmucks.
Everybody in their brother now claims to be car repair joints.
Trust if the people have been around a long time and know their stuff.
EF Tarenotta repair.
You'll find them at 5083 North Federal Highway.
Just a mile and a half north of Sample Road and prestigious Pompo-no Beach.
And EF Tarenotta repair.
Experience the difference that experience makes.
All their ex-mechanics are certified technicians, current with all latest technology.
To make a long story short, they know their crap.
Most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 years.
The EF team has got over 200 combined long excruciating years of experience.
And O-Job is too big or too small for the folks that EF, whether it's a blown fuse, a blown engine, anything in between.
From a 73 Toyota to an O-4 Bentley.
EF Tarenotta repair does it all.
And all jobs are meticulously and thoroughly and completely double-checked for accuracy by the shop foreman.
AirBikara is clean upon completion of the work too.
EF on his most extended warranties offers you wide-awaited service on most repairs as well.
EF Tarenotta repair.
5083 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach.
They love to see their crews there, by the way.
Call 954-426-9926.
That's 954-426-9926.
When you call our friends at EF, be sure and ask about their 90 days, same as cash and winters credit card.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities anywhere in the country, anywhere in the universe.
And EF Tarenotta repair is nobody cares more and nobody anywhere is more carderity earned your business.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
EF Tarenotta repair, naturally recognized, is one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the universe.
