Come here!
What the fang is this?
We're tearing back to back the road and then she
Kugles in the kitchen she'll see this day we could do
That's just about all they're allowed to do
What's up to no, what's up to no, what's up to no
Through the inn is hole in place
By feeding out their guns
Whoa, what's up to no, what's up to no
With mission super phone
I wish up the face
I was killed and they struck a hole
What's up to no, what's up to no
With mission super phone
She'd extended me and sit back out again
And you
And watch her all down with her
Well, I shall prove, live a life before the ponder heaven you go.
Gotta wish my love for the glory.
I love to know what to know what to know.
May we have your true love, your true love, your true love.
Alright, back to it.
I don't believe you.
26 after 10, it's a sad day for the world boys and girls, but you know what life goes on.
We'll just keep on right along, you know. Praise Jesus.
Praise Jesus, baby, that's where we've been going wrong.
You know, the four million evangelical Christians who stayed home because of Bush's DUI back four years ago.
There was revealed only a matter of days before the election.
They said, oh, he, for us, he's a sinner.
Right.
Now four years later that he cleaned up his act, named Boozon Up, no more allegedly or a snort, no more coke.
Even though he sent a kid's off to be killed every day, killing innocent or rackeys and other people,
all these things, even though he was a wall in the guard, all of these things.
He's a great kid, he's one of us, baby.
So they did a masterful job.
They got out there four million evangelical Christians who are all lined up there.
Here they, the new people in the media, man, you're crazy people.
You have got any idea what you're talking about?
The exit pool and crowd, again way and John Zagb, man, throw them off a balcony somewhere in old bunch of men.
And got any idea what they're talking about?
They have your whole started in the answer.
Oh, five o'clock Zagb, we tell them, as Kerry's better win with 11 electoral votes, he's better win Florida.
He's better win Ohio.
Yeah.
Try interior decorating Zagb, be it my piece of Nupurali, okay?
Or maybe just put something up your alley.
The whole bunch of men, they don't know they're asked from your elbow.
So we're going to do both bracelets, sorry, yes, right?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Well that's good.
They'll give us something to do, kill some time because we don't officially get into the show at 11 o'clock.
And at that point we can let all the Bush lovers call in, oh you, how are you?
I can down you.
How do you guys work it?
Yeah.
Well we still get paid on time, you know, or once in a while on time.
Yeah, but the time did.
Within a few days.
Kind of like the election results.
You know, if you don't get it on election days, within a few days you'll know what's going on.
Like our paychecks.
So they stuff us at a boxcar.
Okay, right now I want to tell you about my friends.
They were the ones that guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beach with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them.
They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
There was that crazy phone again by the way.
They recently helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home.
Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as to have the mortgage he could get.
And they worked closely with them to determine which was best and then they made it happen.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers call them in dear field beach toll free.
It's 1-800-734-6616.
Where they look for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rated adjustable mortgages.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach has what you need.
The offer payments is lowest 332 bucks for every 100 grand your borough folks.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach can make it happen as far as having a good time for you to not just your mortgage because they'll even send you out of crews.
That is correct. After you close your loan with these folks guaranteed mortgage bankers dear field beach.
You can choose one of six different seven-night cruises,
compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers.
Whether you're looking to purchase a new home, an investment property or just refinance that current mortgage.
You're going to want to do business with these folks. They're great.
Call 1-800-734-6616.
Or on the wicked web it's guaranteed mortgage bankers.com or they'll treat you just like family.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach had 1-800-734-6616.
We'll register your meal Rogers mornings and we'll do it.
And, we'll run a climb to fight for the future.
Hey!
Spencer Powell manure covers over this performance by the Dalton.
Absolutely.
My religion better than your religion.
My religion better than yours.
My religion wants to require new Aloi to let go fire,
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
Why, my religion have the Republic,
... bethu-shrie and racial hate.
My religion better than yours.
Oh.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion can sit better than yours.
What we like to see,
about the best type of voice in where the dress by religion is better than yours.
By religion it is better than the word religion.
By religion it is better than the words.
We have no respect for religion.
By the religion it is better than the word.
By religion it is better than the word.
By religion it is better than the word.
y
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
Yes, we will be sent together
to the heaven-faring tale
of my religion's better than yours.
Please.
My religion's better than your religion.
It's my religion's better than yours.
We not endorse the father
to like polar brushes,
you are new.
My religion's better than your words.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your words.
We wear ties on our bikes
and get some very lots of lives
by religions better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Here!
We don't want to use our brains
where my business wins
and pays my religion's better than yours.
Wonder for you, Wendy. By the way, Casa Voice. It's 1035, 25 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. We got the mad dogs. You manned it to two.
We got the Humper, the Thumper, the Bumper.
Hey, stupid!
At the Forehand Colbert, we got Geltie at Smokey Bones in Bokeh at 7 o'clock tonight. That ought to be real exciting.
And etiquette 10. No ball game. There's no hockey games. No ball games. They just say nothing going on. You know what? Plus we don't have the heat.
Yeah. So we just got a regular pristine schedule. There's no nothing going on for a long time now.
Baseball's over. Football. Football. Like I said, we ain't got nothing going on. Football. You call that a football team?
No. Holy moly, man. So we'll survive. But I think we need to re-examine our... I mean, there's no sets in bed ahead against the wall anymore, okay?
Right. After they keep banging with a baseball bat for the first 50,000 times by the 50,000 first time, you've got to finally start getting a message like,
okay, let's try something else. This ain't working. I mean, America's lost. There's no question about that. The U.S. today is a habit.
Country that a lot of us once knew and loved and cared about, but quite frankly, it's escaped us now. All the religious nuts, the right winged fanatics, they've taken it over.
See, a car drove you out of hand at two and no matter what you think, what your politics are, who you voted for, who you rooted for.
They were really clever in using that game-merge thing under behind the scenes. They kept saying, oh, nobody really cares about that.
When they tried that their trial balloon there in the Congress, that didn't go anywhere. But behind the scenes, man, see, as soon as the exit pulling started joining this business about moral values,
was the number one issue right? Right. When you start thinking of yourself, uh-oh, there's a chigger in the web pile here somewhere.
Yeah, I had to check that all out. What's that all about? Because nobody, when they kept talking about, well, it was either terrorism or Iraq or the economy or the Obama something.
But nobody said it was a moral values, right? So this goes to joy again. And that showed that they had on CNN for once. I'm giving credit where credit is doing. It's very rare in their case, because there's very little real news on that network.
But the timing of showing that thing about religious, um, religion and politics, whatever they called it last weekend, which they showed about how many times-
Five right? Third man! That was where it's at. That's it. You got the mesmerized masses out there, baby. God appointed George W.
And of course, that's a very scary thing, which makes some of us very, very happy that we spend a minimal amount of time in the USA.
Very minimal time. Just enough to stay legal, and that's it.
Pretty scary. So I think that from this day forward, we better stop wasting our time. And of course, the election is they can scream and how are about Ohio.
Well, why don't they just get it over with already? Okay? Right. They got 135,000 vote lead. I kept waiting for it. I stayed up till 2-something in the morning.
Wow. Waiting and waiting and waiting for them to cut in that lead and, you know, have all the life votes from Cairoga County and Cleveland are coming in. All of them shrugged us up there voted. And from over here and over there. And nothing ever happened.
And they kept talking a good game, the, uh, carry people. And the only problem was is the votes kept counting. It went from 110,000 to 124,000 to 135,000. They kept getting further and further behind.
So they can talk about, uh, uh, uh, provisional ballots and absentee ballots until the cows come home. They lost.
And of course, there are those people I've heard all kinds of stories. A friend of mine told me he voted and flew over to yesterday and he punched the machine the first time, carry, and then nothing happened.
He punched it again and nothing happened. He punched it the third time and it registered Bush.
And he called the poll worker over who I didn't know was asked for my elbow and he's just clear didn't they started all over again and he punched English on the thing that came up and asked for an old.
And so they're banging on that thing to get it back to English and finally voted for carry and hopefully maybe it counted who knows.
So they're going to be people talking about the fixes in. You know what? That's your America, baby.
Where the whole world has to monitor because they don't trust a mercurion selection anymore and keep in mind that the head of the Bible there was saying we're going to deliver all high out of the president to president Bush.
That's what he said and guess what? Maybe that's what they did. We'll never know.
When you deal with computers man, there is no way there's no way to trace it. Right? That's it. No paper trail. Nice and neat.
And you see who got reelected also as a congressman again last night.
Oh, Catherine Harris. Oh, oh, oh.
So this idea that the people are really fired up and pissed off and they're going to really. Yeah, they showed up all right, but the problem is a lot of the wrong people and that myth about the young people voting the 18 to 20.
See all of this crap that we were given and we're fed was a line of garbage.
There were tons of people showing up all right. They were highly motivated because the Lord told them to show up.
Jesus Christ. Right. He probably told them to give him a message. He said here I'm going to just like Joey's does. I'm going to send you a message. Right?
And that was it.
So the people are going to wine cry. Well, got stolen from us. You see when you're going to win an election, if you win by enough then you don't have to worry about things like that.
But the fact of matter is that they didn't and they wasted a lot of capital right there during and right after the Democratic Convention.
Remember those days? See, I'm doing a show now and I shouldn't be doing that. I don't use the one that starts to love it.
But I want to get this over with because in days to come we can go back to have it more fun. Although we can't play any parts.
I'm going to read the time Zika column from Saturday. Thanks to Fatboy. Thanks Fatboy because I had missed that column from Saturdays of Scum Sentinel.
Hi, Italian. I guess because I was out of town so I didn't see it. Thanks by the way to Tom Jicke for a very nice voice.
I don't know why he likes me so much and not that I dislike him. I just dislike what he writes because he always misquotes me and gets everything wrong.
But he means well, you know, he's going to benign. Right? He's bald and stupid. He is bald. He is bald and he's stupid. He admits that.
Here's the fact that says and by the way, don't send us any more gloating facts as all you bushlings are.
We're not interested because I'm going to make it up here. Georgia is going to not even read him anymore but he's going to schmuck him.
You want? Congregulation? I cry for us for the rest of the world. All over the world. They're like in mourning now because only enough Americans are stupid enough to put this bozo back in or again.
A lot of people get a diet. That's right. A lot of innocent people are going to die. Like I said, you people have voted for Bush. You got a lot of blood on your hands.
The only good piece in the rest. Thanks to my good friend Steve Open Poppano Park. There's a little bit of hope for something anyway.
I kept watching all night long that you're watching the votes on the amendments and it's kind of like most of the time that there's a whole bunch of amendments or issues on a ballot.
People just go in and they vote yes, yes, yes, and they just go down the list. But in this case they vote yes, yes, yes, on everything.
Including the first three which had no business having yes. And then number four, other than Dave and Broward and maybe Palm Beach they voted no overwhelming we know.
Now I want you to think about how stupid that is. Okay. These are a bunch and this bears out what I said about the religious man I speak.
The ones who voted and drove yesterday especially in a red next day like Florida. The Bible Humpers. Here you're going to give their kids.
You're going to give them enormous amounts millions of dollars. It's giving up a statewide 67 counties. It's in writing that you're going to get that money every single year from the revenue from these slots.
But no, we don't want that because we're a board of Christians after all and there's a number of you and your mama and the unless it's search bingo the guy gets really pissed off.
I mean there is no way it would have effected them in any way of sitting in a positive way if they don't ever want to come to Dave and Broward.
I'm sure that most people in Dave and Broward be happy not to have them show up. That's fine. Nobody's going to reach out and drag them and put them on a bus and ship them in and drag them to the casino to the racetrack to the slots.
Just amazing. But anyway the good news on it is that even though it looks like right now it's still behind by 6800 votes.
And I thanks Steve Olf for affecting me. This is about the only good piece in this I had in the last 24 hours. There's a missing 2% and he says it's a major factor because it's the absentee balance for Dave.
Yeah and of course in Dave and Broward passed overwhelmingly. So once they count those they're only 6800 short.
And then it says I have no idea when they're going to be counting the absentee balance in Dave County. Of course we know that the history of that that's some very strange things happen.
Yeah. Like that fixed election on the metro rail many years ago that we lived through some of us. We know that election was fixed. You're not fooling us.
So I guess this all depends on you know who's ox is being gored and who's going to step in the Mickey so to speak and who's making the answer that we don't get to is evil one our bandits in there because that would be really bad for like Mickey Harrison and for the Indians and for the Bahamas people and all the other special interest not because they're holding it.
But because they're protecting their own financial interest and they know that they're going to lose a lot of money.
And when you're only worth 9 billion dollars you can't afford to lose a lot of money.
It says the lawyers will do it out for days after the actual account of Oats-Ostevo.
Both may not know till next week but we feel very strong for a very slight victory he says on amendment 4.
Well let's cross our fingers and legs on that so don't the despair on there.
But isn't that something once again passed overwhelmingly in Dave and Broward.
But the rest of the state continues determining your fate.
What it's all about.
I'm thinking 2008 it's going to be either Jeb Bush or Rudy Giuliani.
Right Rudy.
I'll take it Rudy.
One or the other.
Maybe Jeb.
The House of Bush.
And on the other side I have no idea.
Let's say it says why carry lost freaking kids.
Sure when they're pressured by their peers to register when someone is in their face asking them to get out the vote.
They step up to the plate.
But the selfish lazy, a dumb, dumb, why would they want this guy?
Dumb dumb dumb dumb.
As in President Dumshman, is that what they're talking about?
A stupid geek like this?
It says well I did all I could for four years became a political junkie.
I tried to convince the underside of voters arguing with the right wingers by myself and the state of hysteria.
And now it's all over day one.
You religious right controls our country and whoever wrote this is.
That's the only correct answer.
There's nothing I can do now.
I can't spend another four years of political hysteria.
Making myself crazy.
I ageed eight years in the last four.
I'm going back to 24 seven sports because there's nothing I can do about.
A rack health insurance prescription drugs oil company, salad, burden test rates for the rich.
Lost jobs, deficits, the destruction of the environment, censorship, etc.
I'm finished with it all.
They won.
I'm sick and I'm embarrassed to be an American.
Says this fact.
How do you like that?
And he's right.
We're going to go back to 24 seven sports.
I'm right.
That's what we need.
Let's stop it all of this political crap and all this other, we're just farting into a win-strum.
We need a lot more.
That's it.
That's what she's right, man.
Right.
I'll give her that time jick article by the way.
Once the show starts official after 11 o'clock.
Okay.
And then we can talk about sports.
Oh, that's right.
I'm forgetting we have several appointments for this hour.
What?
Several colors who booked appointments this hour.
I'm rambling on and I really don't want to rambling.
I just just didn't say anything to them because I'm really, I think enough sleep.
And they, you know, depressed, but I mean they're depression.
They became obvious right after 8 o'clock after they built up our hopes.
And then everything turned around.
It looked like real euphoria for the anti-bush crowd.
And then all of a sudden, oh, guess what?
We lied.
We lied.
The exit pulling people lied.
The pollsters lied.
All the mavens lied.
They punted it.
They're full of crap.
They don't know their answer in their elbow.
A lot of answers and a lot of elbows.
You know what I'm saying?
W-Q-A-N.
Q-A-N.
Hey.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got to ask you.
Is this the memory three mean that we're going to see less Jews on the back of a box tent?
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, oh, oh, god.
That was good.
We needed that.
You know what?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
And by the way, I hate to break the news to Willie Brown and Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC.
But the Jews voting for Bush wasn't the reason that Bush won Florida by about almost 400,000
votes, OK, you idiots?
I mean, just the enane things that are being said.
They come back here.
It's like the votes are from Broward and from South Florida.
And he didn't even count it yet.
And already they're trying to come up to compact reasons as to why Bush is doing so much better
this time.
They did last time in Florida.
Because them religiousness, baby, them Christian evangelicals, that's where it's all
that.
The God squad, the holy rowers, the hypocrites, the phony balonies, they like to go a gosh darn
becoke snout snorter.
They're having a rip-starting good time.
They're like a guy that took his girlfriend and had an abortion in Texas years ago.
Girl, why did he abortion, Dr.?
Paid for it.
He's been shaved.
He's been shaved.
That's why he's killed off all these innocent people.
That's why he's going to send your kids over there to die if not in Iraq and some other
cockamimi war that he and his new.
He's just a puppet.
He's just a, you know, they got a bunch of puppeteers behind him there.
You've got your chaining.
You've got wolf-awaits and Richard Perl and Rumsfeld is crazy than a bedbug.
But you see, none of these things had anything to do with the margaret-moral values.
And why, where did that come from?
Strictly the evangelical Christians, baby.
They own you.
WQA and hello.
Are they reading the amount of good, didn't they?
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I liked it.
QA and hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
What's going on, Valley?
In fact, in our listening audience, so a carry one in landslide.
So it probably did do a lot of good.
How you doing, sir?
I'm thinking maybe if our carry speech would have kept him mouth shut, he maybe would have came out winning.
What do you think?
If he carries why?
If he carries speech, that pack of love and hope.
Oh, yeah.
If our Teresa would have kept her mouth shut, that would have known.
Had nothing to do with it.
Oh, I would proud.
I would imagine this, like we went from French fries and French toast to freedom fries and freedom toast.
Yeah.
You have probably hunts catcher, right?
We come very popular now.
No more hines.
No more hines.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'll survive.
Hey, um, isn't it ironic that I looked up at the reenies?
What is it?
I don't know.
Speak to me, sir.
Come on, you can do it.
Isn't it ironic that all of them are fighting to give us people the elections that we carry for?
Okay, I had a new phone, okay.
I think there's a new, yeah, they got it.
They want to bring a new cell phone.
Of course, they'll be taffinant.
Listen to it.
That's got to direct line to Jesus.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hey, yeah, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
I'm doing great.
Can you hear me?
I hear you loud and loud and moderate.
I'm trying to get a little quick here.
Hell, got it.
That's fine.
No, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, back.
Thank you so much.
It's twice I laughed at sight.
Even a little bit of cluckish.
I wasn't even officially starting now.
I never thought I'd laugh again.
It is so sad what Americans become.
And you wonder why the rest of the world is scared schmittness of Americans.
That's just because of one man.
This whole religious fanatical thing in and I'll say it again.
Like I said Monday and I said again yesterday I'm glad I say it.
Little B.D. odd Lindsey Graham, that Yahoo,
Dhrulan, South Carolina Republican.
He inadvertently put his thumb right on it.
We're fighting religious fanaticism.
That's not just in Iraq.
That's just in the Middle East.
Not just in Afghanistan.
All over the world.
Religious fanatics.
Since the beginning of a recorded time.
The religious fanatics, the crazy people, the killing people,
the hateful people.
I don't think I finished my thought before when I said they brought Carl Rowe.
They put 11 states had the anti-game marriage thing on a ballot.
Which we were hurt.
Keep hearing.
That's not an issue with anybody.
Well, of course, we'll be born again.
It's a bigger state.
And guess what one of the states was that had it.
Well, I'll give you all of them.
And of course, the amendments won by huge margins.
Just like if they were having civil rights,
can black people vote on a ballot in the South again?
Who wouldn't buy a huge margin?
And say, no, we don't.
Not a good idea.
Arkansas, which we thought Bubba was going to put Kerry over the top.
Maybe didn't come close.
Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan.
Michigan somehow, by three points, so Kerry overcame that.
Probably a lot of foresters in Detroit voted, thank God.
Mrs. Sippy, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio.
Utah, Noria.
Now, I don't want to be a gambling guy,
but I bet you that Greg Reed's life on it.
If that wouldn't have been on a ballot in Ohio,
that might have kept a few hundred thousand born against the way.
They're highly motivated to come out and vote on something like that.
We don't want no fag marriages here in Cincinnati in the Queen City.
Never been in the limo Ohio.
I keep asking you that.
Don't ever know.
No.
See, because southern Ohio, once you get out of Cleveland,
and then we make a couple of pockets here and there,
and of course, I'm not going to have been there.
No.
It's a general.
But, what?
It's just a tough place.
But the rest of that state forget about it.
So, the fact that he came back closest kind of miraculous,
but again, I think that's the fact marriage thing on a ballot.
That's what put them over the top.
So, nice going Karl Rove, man.
He never found an election he couldn't steal.
He's got a long track record of that.
He's the best.
You know, we a lot of us hate him like poison.
And he would be doing to the country and to the world,
but nevertheless, you got to hand it to him.
WQA, and hello.
Neil John.
Speaking.
Sad, sad, sad day in America.
Sad day in the world, baby.
Yes, it is.
How had that on the other day, a Ku Klux Klan member?
And he was asking him about the Klan that he thought it was almost out of business.
And the guy said, no, it's going underground.
People are tired of losing their jobs and, you know,
it's such that the Klan is going underground.
And he really choosing me that exactly what's going on with our government.
Yeah.
It's a secret underground Klan religious,
homophobic freaks.
I mean, I'm 30 years old.
I have a seven, it's 10.
And I'm so scared for our country, it's just where to go now.
Moves of Vancouver, maybe your love is there.
It's going to get worse.
I can't believe they can't see the trend.
Yeah.
But you said they can't see the trend.
What the hell are they going to do about it?
I don't think they care.
I think they're just care as long as homophobicials are not getting married.
As long as guys out there, they don't care about the other people.
They don't care about the other people.
These are a lot of these people, they are again crowd.
They think that all the stuff that's happened now is it's good.
It's good stuff because it was, you know, it was forecast.
Absolutely.
The land of the word, that busted.
They're better for it.
Well, we're in big trouble.
I guarantee you, within the next four years,
we're going to be even more divided country.
And it might come to civil war at one point.
You know what you said or I said at the other day.
It's America is now two different countries.
You've got the living and breathing people.
And you've got the hypnotized born again.
We've never used to be the eluded friends out of far right.
And now they're running the country.
They take them all the way.
And I don't know how much longer a guy like me could take it and have our country.
It's going to get to the point where we're going to have to draw the line.
And if we have to, you know, kill our neighbor.
What are we going to do?
You know what I mean?
It's going to get to show bad.
I was just saying kill my neighbor or something like that.
I'm going to have to add it down pal.
It's going to get a little out of control.
A little over the top.
Although...
Yeah.
He's going to bring us together, the Bush guy's doing.
He's going to bring America together.
He's going to make us, he's a compassionate conservative.
He don't like them fags and Jews and Sparks,
and things like that.
But that's just the way it goes, boys and girls.
It's a bitter pill to swallow.
Let's swallow it.
Yeah.
Cool.
I think, well, we're not going to do that to love it.
It's like I'm all the way.
I almost tempted to start doing the regular show.
I already got such a headache like you wouldn't believe.
I'm going to have to call in sick now.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
I just didn't get enough sleep.
I don't know why, and not only did I stay up till two,
but then once I went to bed, I couldn't sleep because I'd keep getting up
and running in the other...
I have a TV in my room, but it's a crappy TV.
So I ran into living room and turned it there.
I can't...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
I saw him home.
The side of the top.
The way the book fell.
That's all my fault.
I saw him in a book.
A book is in TV.
In the shadows.
The slutters.
The scar.
Yes.
I saw him.
Jesus.
P��is polha digestion.
I ran into my chat room.
Ah, I saw him.
Jesus.
P��is polha digestion.
Jesus.
I saw him home.
I don't know if Siranne could speak it in my consent.
O'er français, speak of nuts,
they can go into Ved呀 farm.
I'm sorry, I know I'm a hairy as a game.
We're just getting back in your box for a paper government. Since 11.04.05.06.00 WTQAM,
I'm a moderate Wednesday to end of November 3rd the day after the debacle.
Yesterday on the pool we did the thing about which state you think is going to have the greatest impact.
The top two of course, Florida and Ohio, which you had asked backward because Florida was never even really close.
In spite of the fact that CNN was just desperately hanging on because they didn't want to get burned again.
They waited and they waited and I have no idea why they waited.
Just simple math, when you're 300,000 votes ahead and there's about 20,000 votes to count,
it's just somewhere along the line, there's no reason we need to be all that nervous.
Look at that, there he is.
Oh my God, it's just scary, you know. He'll be nicer this time around.
No, he will not. Now he's got more than that.
Now he can do it with impunity because he don't have to face the voters again.
So he and his neocons can do whatever they want. They already said that. They were talking about that yesterday.
All of crap that, and of course now they picked up another seat in the Senate.
Although it's still pending because the many cashier things are all pending a recount.
Look how much better she didn't Florida than Kerry did.
Now how do you explain that?
I know. It must be the anti-Holio factor up with all the red necks.
I need Mill Martinez. All of a hint once said Bobby Martinez was the governor.
Maybe that explains it. You don't want to know the name.
Well, Mill has a discernible status of accent and Bob had a good ol' boy accent.
Bob was like Dracula.
Anyway, yesterday's pool, what's the point of even talking about it? Florida or Ohio?
They said that's where it was going to be. Ohio was it and still continues to be.
And if you believe that Kerry is going to make up 135,000 vote deficit with the 45s of the ballots and provisions.
It's just pointless. I don't know what they're doing. I don't know why they're doing this.
It's over. You lost John.
And like I started this say before but I didn't want to waste a good material before I left on the clock.
If they would have really started to...
If Howard Dean would have been the candidate, he'd have won by 15 points.
Yeah.
Because even with all these evangelical Christians who came out who made the difference nationwide, like crazy.
I inspired that Dean would have motivated enough other people and then the young people really would have showed up who we were told they were going to show up.
Did they show up? No. No, they did not.
Do you know that even Mother Tucker Carlson predicted that Kerry was going to win by two points?
How do you like that?
Yep.
Everybody got bum information and exit pulling, we got sucked in.
And I'm sure for Tucker Carlson it wasn't the first time.
Here's a fact that says the world is being well first to be the curtain today is Andrea Thompson.
Who?
Andrea Thompson was born in Dayton, Ohio baby which is perfect for the Ohio Bingham center of attention right now.
And don't ever go to Lima, Ohio.
Nothing would be finer than to get out of Lima.
She was born January 6th, 1960, Mr. 44.
Sometimes credit is Andrea Thompson Kelly, Rebecca Andrea Thompson or just plain old Rebecca Thompson.
Here's some of her flicks.
Rockets red glare, sweetheart swindlers, lost valley, encountering the turd dimension.
I think we're having an encounter in the turd dimension right now.
A car, gone a car blonde, captain's sitting in the space monkeys speaking of smirking the ships.
Babylon 5, delirious.
Oh, but these are all perfect for today.
She was on Falcon Quest.
I had no idea.
Your favorite Lorenzo Lamas was on Falcon Quest back in the day when he used to look really, really good.
But it went time I'm planning Earth, hot splash, wall street, Manhattan, Jigalo, and nightmare weekend.
And also she was in mother.
Her?
Your mama.
Well, she's been in tons of stuff.
Anyway, here's a fact that says, do I want to give today's poll?
Yeah, we'll do today's poll first.
What applies to your feelings about the election result?
That's our poll question today.
Glad it's over.
And it is over, even though, you know, yes, or it's suicidal, ecstatic, indifferent, pleased, pissed off, or what result?
For those who still are a little unsure.
I think I covered it.
And I wrote this before I went to bed.
What applies to your feelings about the election result?
Glad it's over.
Suicidal, as in that play Russian went with a fully loaded gun, ecstatic, indifferent, pleased, pissed off, and what result?
But in other words, it ain't over, it's over, or what I read.
It's over.
Here's the poll, and now that we're Sanchez, it's really over.
Why do we have to hit?
Roby was right.
Holy moly.
We are doomed.
Yeah, and I don't want to say this to you because it sounds like, you know, like I'm sitting here in Toronto looking out at a beautiful sunny day when it's only 43 degrees.
The never was sunny.
No, it's beautiful.
And America's doomed.
You are doomed.
In fact, right there, it is, I'll, I'll list the governor of California.
What does that tell you?
You got a two-bit movie actor who can't even speak English.
He was the governor of the largest state in the country.
And then you got a, a bozo, a dimwit, a smirking champ, who's government and sawdust.
And of course, if you're a good religious like all these evangelical Christians that voted yesterday, you got to respect the guy that wears a hidden wire
so they can be coached in three debates and break the rules and lie through his whole of it.
Yeah, that's right.
He says that in the season.
I bet that Jesus was under that jacket.
Jesus Christ.
That's who was hiding in there.
Because Jesus can take any form he wants, you know, right?
That's what we saw yesterday.
Sometimes, sometimes the Virgin Mary appears on the side of a bank building like in the Kanye West Georgia or up there in the panhandle.
See, these are the hallucinatory lunatics that create...
They just made up, they just made up thing.
There was never any such thing.
And then they, you know, and then of course they started Richard Vigory and the mailing lists and they got them all, you know,
and then of course the TVA evangelist, Jimmy Swagrid, and the Pat Robertson with a 700 Club, and then Jan and Paul Crotch,
probably knows something about Crotches, and not necessarily female, and all of these other glam.
And it's just a snowball to understand again.
And the fact that they called Pat Robertson a liar and he pulled Pat Robertson, there would be any casualties if we invaded him right.
That didn't seem to face these people in the least.
What does Pat know anyway, right? He's a small potato.
Jesus told the W to go in there and do it.
That's what it's all about. Jesus himself told W. He's inspired by God, you know, and of course he's not.
Not that one.
Now we did a fine job here ourselves, big and brown Palm Beach, to just fine.
Yeah, I checked the county by county, so this business of over led more on it, the chronic regular, that mouth-reaching jackass.
Yeah, we did really well. In fact, if we could have been out all over the country, which is when we get to that jicacombs, something to think about.
Could have probably made an impact, you know what?
Because most people, unfortunately, were not exposed to all of those stories, all of these facts, all the real stuff that's going on.
All they do is watch the tablin that's spoon-faded them, especially by CNN, and Fox right wing Nazi news, and MSNBC was nobody watches anyway.
And now that Fox had such great success for the last year and a half, it's been the other two.
Why make any pretence anymore? The Fox logo now on Fox News just ought to be swastika.
You know, just the twisted cross. Just stick it on. You know how all the networks have their little emblem, the logo on the screen.
Put it in the corner there. You'll be able to modify the X a little bit.
Absolutely anybody. That's right. Make the X into a twisted cross.
Yeah.
Good idea.
A fact that says the world as we know it has come to an end.
The religious right will end women's rights, eliminate free speech, and force gaze into hiding, avoid persecution.
We can only hope that the new selection to the Supreme Court will be moderate enough. Oh yeah.
It's not a temporary way to be constitution entirely. I, for one fear of legacy, will have to leave our children.
The apartments are not going to be moderate. In fact, they made it very clear, especially without the expanded or leading the Senate.
If they're going to put it all right wing judges, man, they're going to go ahead and do their thing.
Now that they got the keys to the kingdom, they may do.
Even Porton, D'Aschel, up there in South Dakota.
He took it right in the old keyster, you know.
We're going to do some crossing outs. I've almost got the last break in the South across that already.
We're going to take thousands and thousands of calls today. We already took some really like a prank.
I thought maybe it was April 1.
But you know, every year around Berthi birthday time, which is Friday, every year bad things happen.
So I think we'll take off.
Huh?
It's true. I think that's what everybody. In fact, that's why so many people died in the Berthi like mine.
Die right under 91st birthday.
I know her reason she made it that long is just to make me a liar.
Because I kept saying 90s old enough.
Well, guess what? I'll show you.
And then she went, and that was it.
11th or 13th, I'm sure glad you don't have to see this, man.
We got a great rationalization.
And we're glad, Ma, don't have to be around to see what we just witnessed this last 24 hours.
And are still witnessing now.
Senator Kerry calls, worse to concede.
But to think this afternoon, one of us, Daniel Hall, so it is.
There you go. We'll put that on a little bit.
Senator Kerry just conceded.
Hey, if you want to know more about boy, we're out of topic stuff.
You know what? How is he going to keep in touch?
Hey, you know, not Tom's dick, I mean, we're good stuff about me.
And I'm going to read that when we come back from Saturday's home.
And he's got a very good point.
You see, when the people you work for don't appreciate what you do when they teach you like crap and jerk you're all around,
you're not too inclined.
Even though we made a very nice offer to them to extend for two more years a few weeks ago,
but when you're dealing with petrol and children who act like overgrown and spoiled rats,
it's kind of hard to do business with people like that.
So thanks for doing me a very big favor, Greg.
14 past 11, a QAM, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet,
if you want the best tasting, biggest selection of low carb foods at the best price,
a story you will absolutely fall in love with.
It's the lights of West Boka because the entire store is dedicated to use.
All you fat folks out there, whether you're starting or restarting the Actins,
the Sugar Box students, the South Beach, any low carb sugar-free diet,
the lights of West Boka continues to be the number one low carb store in South Florida,
where you get variety, things with some taste, things to keep you on that straight and narrower pan.
If you want to do business with people who offer you the friendly knowledge that they have about low carb dieting,
give you the lowest prices in town, then this is the place your low carb headquarters, the lights of West Boka,
where you'll find over 1200 products in stock like carbolite ice cream,
bread and pasta, chaffets, brownies, cookies and lots more.
They're open every day, seven days a week, 10 a.m. to 10 in the p.m.,
and you'll find your lights on the northeast corner of Blades in 441,
right next to Boston Market.
Call them full-free at 1-877 Low carb with us with AW,
or everything that's going to be with AW,
or on www.locardharb.com.
Don't forget there's only one D.L.S.A. West Boka's your official Actins retail center.
You'll find your official Actins retail center on 5.668.
At U.A.M.
Bush, breakfast and banal!
Oh, right.
Who's that?
Oh!
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
I was never for anything in here.
Is there something in here?
I don't know.
I'll just keep your finger on you now.
Yeah, you really?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
I went to the cast in your card to get it.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
I don't think we had to worry about any words in here because I couldn't understand it.
I don't know.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
How was Stern going to satellite radio in January 2005?
How long has it been since then?
I'd say a few minutes.
Excuse me while I go vomit.
I'll be making a mess.
Interestingly enough, don't blame the shbarsers just aforementioned for this election turnout because it's been detected that it wasn't going to happen all that though.
He's going to get doubled the vote among blacks and it didn't happen.
Bush was doing as poorly with blacks as he did last time getting only about 1 in 10.
His performance with black voters in 2000 was the worst for any Republican presidential candidates since very gold water.
Got only 6% in 1964 against LBJ.
Kerry also led among Hispanic voters but the gap was closer and Bush made some progress on that front getting 40% of their votes are a bit higher.
Remember they said he needed to get at least 30% of the Latino vote nationwide?
He got 40%.
Kerry had a 15-foot lead over Bush with Hispanics about half the margin that Al Gore enjoyed in 2000.
How do you like that?
Wow.
And of course not about this one to this and this one to this.
There you go.
So we got the end course of New Mexico.
That was a Hispanic's big factor there and Bush won the Mexico.
I don't think they actually declared it but he is going to win the Mexico and I won.
Yeah.
And always worried the other ones.
I guess that's the big one.
Arizona.
Not that he ever had a chance to ever Colorado.
Lost all those.
But I don't see the relationship between well maybe it was a Catholic thing.
Maybe the local priest told him that we got a Jeff Peaky body.
We got a baby killing liberal that you better vote against.
I must have been it.
But I'm going to say it again.
I think they could have nailed him.
Right.
With that waffling thing number one.
He was against the war right from the beginning.
They could have nailed him with all that swift work stuff which is just unbelievable that anybody bought into that.
But nevertheless it had its impact.
Sure.
And they could never have nailed him on that business about voting for it and against the 87 million to the troops because he was never a member of the Congress.
So he didn't vote for or against it.
So how I think he would have kicked us in right from the beginning he would have come up taking the gloves off and really kicked us as a part as opposing.
I took what they did during the after the convention.
Oh we're not going to do that.
We're not going to go on the attack.
And they come to fight out.
They don't America love the attack ads.
Yeah.
Even the talking heads were all talking about that last couple of days.
That's what they like.
Little P and vinegar whatever goes with that vinegar.
Then Vim and vinegar that's right.
But they just didn't get it.
I mean it came on strong there toward the end but they ran out of steam and of course it's kind of and then of course suck it up to that same thing about well his faith and devout this and in case you just till then it is over.
Terry called Bush to concede and say you wanted you miserable bastard and Terry will deliver some marks one o'clock in Boston.
I'm not going to put it on.
What was the point?
Be boring right?
I mean maybe two or three words like I lost.
Well there's Deb put him on a boat with a big hole in it with his wife Titanic Jr.
With his wife with his smuggling wife.
I think it's local her alone.
Yeah I'm going to tell you when it comes to moral values family values the Bush family's got them all be just ask Kenny Kelly.
Sure.
Check all about it.
Baker up there Nazi grandpa and of course the great five this functional family that your fat ass governor has got with his daughter in rehab and his son that's
driving around doing wheelies and his girlfriends parking lots don't off his ass.
They have the other kid that screw in his girlfriend that are broad daylighting me in a car in a parking lot at a shopping center in
Tallahassee and the wife that's smart one stuff in and don't want to take a skirt on it because you don't want the allegedly the
mother husband know that she's running up the credit cards is that the Bush family's got a financial problem stroke driving president.
Right.
Drunk driving president.
Tokes not in prison.
Right.
Drunk president.
Abortion by in prison.
But hey but hey did you say but hey I did well maybe reconciles will be on the day I could use the day off.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I'm going home.
That's right.
What's your place to your feelings about the election result we got 207 votes pissed off 83 suicidal 73 glad it's over 17 and it is over.
What result 15 see those people voted before they realize the cure is considered.
Extendical 11 in different 5 please 3 so ecstatic or please you got 6.7% 6.7% well they're not with us anyway they totally written us off now.
You have eliminated those all were good you know I really couldn't care less I just couldn't care so of no consequence to me anymore.
I mean what they've done to us in the show anyways like criminal there are people on death row for lesser crimes it's time you can point out in a calm I'm going to get to.
I'll get to it after the break little time he jickered did I always say nice things about Tom jickered.
I said for the fact that he miss quotes me every time he I ever speak to him which is why I don't talk to him and I did not speak to him for the
other than that he never stole a free train okay we'll get to that county road on Saturday a little bit about the show and let's let's kind of a segue away from all these aggravating things give people more meat you know I'm saying a little more meat on the bone okay 26
pack speaker that we got what's your name we got Andrea Thompson they run our website today and behind to be the curtain you might want to sit there and just stare at it all day take your mind off all these other depressing things just stare at it in the picture too.
Hey let me tell you right now you don't want to start your carpeting if it's what he man because it's embarrassing but even people that are relatively clean vacuum of regular that carpet still get
what's he because the fact that matter is your family everybody is in and out your guest there's stop and stuff into the fibers of your carpet which is not good in fact hopefully you don't see all the
dirt that's done in there but it's in there trust me just like in ragu it's in there so when he comes to cleaning your carpet do yourself a big favor don't
let home have you equipment from the store don't open up the yellow pages and play Russian roulette call the experts in carpet for even the people I've used in my homes for over 20 years now
drive concepts call them today and sanitize your home whether it's your carpeting your furniture your draper your expensive area and
or you know what was they'll do a job like you wouldn't even believe you never have to worry about getting ripped off by drive concepts either
because they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to you really can claim today and entertain
tonight there's nothing like a true thing so pick up that phone to call drive concepts you'll be mighty pleased to
did and you'll never use anybody else to go I bet you Greg's life on that too indeed rowered in a Palm Beach is call them
fool free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 for drive concepts the best in the business naked carpets clean 90 in South
Fortis since 1979 that's what I said
I'm pretty clear now some of you people just don't know what to say when John Kerry's already got called
out president days already conceited that he lost he's making these speech official at one o'clock okay okay but
here's some of the factors that we're getting don't give up yet please see it and shows Kerry votes are still going up
and then it says refresh this link every 10 to 15 minutes the votes are still coming in it's just one of 20,000 votes for
carrying about 10 minutes they're still counting days absentee votes and they're still counting Ohio Iowa New Mexico
so Iowa New Mexico aren't relevant any either case they have nothing to do with anything the only state that would have
put either candidate over the top somebody had a win on Ohio because Iowa's only got 11 electoral votes and
New Mexico has got five so that's 16 so neither one would have put the either one over the top because Bush had 254
or no you know something wait a minute Iowa's got what did I say I made a mistake I was got seven in New Mexico five so that's 12
so it would have put Bush at 266 or Kerry 264 they're not relevant the only thing that counted was who won Ohio
and here's another facts Ohio vote hinges an absentee professional votes it says this article here
why is Kerry conceiting if the count isn't official for 11 more days because they've done the math okay dummy that's why
but this is one of our chronics you know it's just sad not good news for a lot of us but you have to accept it that's it
by hooker by crook whatever it is it's over when you're 135,000 votes behind and you've got 175,000 other absentee
and professional ballots to count just do the math if you want 140,000 of the 175,000 yeah
if there's any chance in the world he's got to get 140,000 of them of course not crazy people
I guess they just don't weren't good at math five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon and
Singular Wireless Lines let's take a hundred thousand calls today all the way this time is going to be
I will nobody Q a and hello
Q a m yes I'm just calling the talking new speaking right now this is Jeff
early voter for Kerry I'm just saying that even though you say in that John you know how a
Dean might have made it different you look at it statistically it's not that big of a difference
and I think it would still would have mattered if it was being a carry if you don't carry made a lot of
mistakes in the campaign it's just so close I think it would have made that big of a difference
let me ask you this how about if we we do it over again and we give it a try Dean and somebody how's that
I'll go for that come right let's try that one next week okay pali okay it is okay hang in there
hi Sean faxes and says the time for discussion is end of the time for finger pointing is begun
we again have an honorable man who's a lousy boring candidate every time he had a microphone
in front of him or an interview he just repeated the same type of sound bites everyone had already heard
that's correct check out our record Mondale du Cocca's Gory and Kerry the summer next squad you've
got a Sean working Americans who vote for the right wing wannabe abuse like a battered wife
who keeps returning to her tormentor the religious right is running through this country like a
free train except this train stuff to pick up passengers to the cattle cars in the way to camp
my prediction for a wreck man and his lamer state with surreal law within a year imagine the
Taliban with oil and an army of millions strong god save us from religion say Sean what you are
absolutely correct anyway yeah let's try it again and I'll tell you who else really was useless as
as breast on a bull frog and that's John Edwards and what I said after his debate with Cheney
you know everybody said oh he wanted to be he was weak he was all he and all right up till the end
that's all he could do was just you know give those sound bites the talking points you know the same old
three by five card clichés that's all he ever did he didn't bring anything to the table
did Kerry even come close to winning North Carolina no South Carolina anywhere in the South no
so what the hell did he add nothing that mole he added that mole on his lip which I think a lot of
people were afraid they scared of death of that thing it looked like a chancard to me looks like a
big ugly thing and believe me trust trust somebody who's seen a few of those there's nothing worse
than a big ugly thing at any rate I wouldn't get a bunch of calls and then X of the next break we'll
do the jigger column time had some pretty interesting uh see the good thing is I don't have to do
with any of the response inside the building of that column I just uh I do want the audience to know
I was not interviewed with that because I don't talk to time anymore but once every five years I
speak to time what was it I spoke to him about the last time I don't know I always about the FCC
about the censorship thing oh that was a few months ago he misquoted me on that badly and uh
you know created a problem and I just I don't need no problems because I think eventually all
of our problems will be solved you know what I mean just like the godfather said let's see Kevin says
if you can't beat him join him I've just become a fag-hating war-mongering church going
coal is what Kevin says well what's wrong with being a fag-hating war-mongering church going
cool Kevin what's on the whole got a lot of company out there we don't want those fag marriages we
want to protect the institute never married between one man and one woman right really sad
and I wonder why the rest of the world looks at Americans is holy crap they're all saying oh my god
oh brother I'm just looking at my window I see there are people with the candles they're sitting
shivvy out there in street corners all over Toronto all over Canada and all over the rest of the
free world they just can't believe this that any country could be so stupid so ignorant but they
often say that people get what they deserve you know it's they do the problem being that the half
of the country that doesn't want any part of that they also going to have to get the consequences
and their kids are also going to have to be sent off to die and contrived wars and that's the sad part
I say all the people have voted for Bush let their kids go off to war how's that sure there you go
right and all the rest of the people that don't want any part of this religious
some nightmare that's going on this exercise and superstition and fantasy they can like just be
left alone until they go to camp and take a nice shower clean up their act 21 before noon at
5 60 WQAM a argue horse racing and poker player fans pompato park racing and poker is all a
gambling action you could possibly handle located just a half a mile from both i and i
de five in the turnpike pompato park is easy to get to invest in all pompato park features free
admission and free general parking every day live harness racing in the poker room is open now
three days a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon goes on some midnight and
live racing gets underway nightly at 7 25 tonight and every Wednesday Friday and Saturday every
Wednesday Friday and Saturday the poker room features termination with special Texas hold them
and seven cards stud tournaments starting at noon they'll miss out on our dollar night winds days
like tonight with graph beer so the hot thousand more just a bucket piece starting at six p.m.
pompato park is also open every day of your life seven days a night a week for the best in
harness there but how do i action fall across North America free to watch and plunge your guts on
and best of all most important of all only 47 520 minutes left until the first free spaghetti
dinner night on monday December 6th market on your sleeve monday December 6th free spaghetti at pompato
as pompato park the blockstop at the nine and four-hour powerline road for the current racing
schedule you can call them nine five four nine seven two two thousand or check them on the wicked
web at pompato park dot com
measured
WQKL
Where the packet is?
I'm just going to destroy this like Cliffs, ain't it?
Yeah, so much like the greats of invited guitarists.
What?
I'm just going to button them out of the way.
Who wants from the chair?
Hey, Mo, look at this here.
It's a rear, all the back.
It looks like a toilet.
Yeah, that's it.
And here, Ian Frank's toilet.
Yeah, let me look at that.
What's that say in the bottom, man?
Oh, pet boy.
Hey, someone's got a quick, what about that thing?
Get a point, Dad.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Mr. Reed will feel no.
Oh, Ian Reggie.
I beg your pardon.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
And welcome to my...
I'm sorry, that drumming sound is coming from somewhere.
Yeah, I just don't know what it is.
But there's a dead beat.
Oh, well, never mind that.
Won't you join me?
I don't mind if I beat you.
Okay.
What are you drinking, though?
Oh, how they got it?
A temp.
I'll get my houseboy together.
Oh, Carlo.
Yes, Mr. Reed.
A jab for my friend here.
Right away, Mr. Reed.
Oh, wouldn't make that extra pig.
Will you?
Yes, Mr. Reed.
Frankly, I prefer a nice tiantie.
You have to be a tiantie.
You can't have that.
The five.
Five.
I'm a slave of meat, then.
What is a domineco?
You're hardly.
It's high, boy.
What do you mean, high, boy?
Here.
Slap the tender underbellies.
Hi, you pally.
You're not a pally.
You're not a pally.
You'll miss the gently.
As hard as they ask me.
They're round and chewy.
Sort of like a...
Yes, sir.
Go, Carlo.
Yes, Mr. Reed.
Look at the beard of yours to work.
Start crushing off those plates, will you?
14.0.560 WQAM.
Let's just keep your chin up.
Okay?
Just like Kathy Willetz always did.
Vernon says, I think it's time for her for the new fifth of the rife.
Please make a plus to make it worse.
We still have to deal with jet bush after these four years have done.
Well, good luck to you.
Okay, Vernon.
I have a good time, eh?
Let's see.
Here's one that says, I want to really know where all that.
See, we've given so much bull crap, so much bad information.
And of course, that's the American media for you.
I want to say, once again, they don't know their ass from your armpit, from your giblets.
I really want to know where all the new registered voters went.
And what they're also supposed to go to carry.
I'll make it very short this fact.
Says this vote was not so much for Bush as it was against Kerry.
I think the Democrats, for the second time in the world, put up a very weak candidate.
I don't especially like Bush, but I couldn't vote for Kerry, it says.
I don't especially like Bush.
Yeah, yeah, I just can't relate to this.
The mentality that we're dealing with here, okay, like it's some kind of a game, like it's a football game.
Sure.
Innocent people are dying here, but again, you know, Kerry blew up when they hold the rack thing.
He didn't handle it properly from the beginning.
Well, you know, he has no plans on pulling this out of the barrel.
I say Dennis Gascinich, man, at least you have been in some good comedy.
All right, maybe not the best here.
Maybe they'll sharpen it.
Renee and Evan, yeah, I'll sharpen them when it kicks some ass.
Renee and Evan sure says the initial NBC are clearly right wingers.
Katie Couric sent reporter Kevin Tibbles to Adelian Chicago, I don't think Katie sent anybody anywhere.
The producers of the show sent Kevin Tibbles to Adelian Chicago, where if I'm not correct, Kerry transposed.
That is correct by a huge margin.
Couric asked Tibbles to get responses from some of the customers.
The reporter conveniently found a Republican congressman who refused to acknowledge any division in the country.
The reporter next question, they financial analysts who could only gloat about the stock market surge.
And they call that news, Shamline NBC, and today.
Absolutely correction.
And CBS.
Absolutely correction.
And ABC.
Absolutely correction.
And CNN.
Absolutely correction.
And MSNBC.
Absolutely correction.
And especially.
Absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely.
Fox Nazi news.
What other men?
Now, this back here is like, I don't know if Dan's trying to convince himself that life is worth living out.
Dan and Miami Beach, as the positive side of the election is, that it sends a message to the rest of the world that democracy works.
People can have different opinions and peacefully conduct an election.
The outcome may be of disappointment, at least we have one.
I personally look forward to four more years of a good source of humor.
Yeah, all of them dead bodies is really funny in it.
All of those freedoms that people are losing.
All of those people out of work.
That's really a great, it's a blast.
I'm just trying to look on the bright side.
Better luck next time, since Dan and Miami Beach.
Oh, Dan, get a brain.
Let me give this time.
Dick is calling.
So Tom on Saturday, we're one of these things.
Any scandal will do for Channel 7.
Here's what I really think.
You know, just as the various stuff.
I wish you write more about that.
Then you might write a little more about just puff pieces on the latest TV shows that are going to be off by the time you read the column.
First one's kind of interesting.
He says WSVN can't be accused of trying to bury the best, even when it involves one of their own.
The weather for each junior.
Now, at the end of the article, Tom says, I'm sure he saved the best for last.
WQAM AM-5 60 faces a double whammy.
When Howard Stern leaves for satellite radio at the end of next year, WQAM will be only about a year away from the end of the O'Rodgers contract.
Rodgers maintains he plans to retire, but he has said that before only to extend his deal when sweeteners, such as the studio in his adopted home of Toronto, have been thrown in.
It might take more than that this time, as Rodgers doing a slow burn and having to start his show up with disrespect.
When they treat your agent like garbage.
When they go into temper tantrums and they've pouted.
I mean, here was a man right where it was right on the heels of WSVN.
Stern announced he was leaving and going to serious.
Now, wouldn't you think, did I say it to you off the air and on the air?
You had any smarts at all.
And your other main profit center, this show, was saying, oh, I guess I'll stick around for another two years.
We'll do a contract extension.
Nothing over and above that.
There are just a few days more back in the summertime.
Two days more off.
Nine days, I think, it came down to a year.
And rather than meet with your agent, goes into a temper tantrum because you didn't like the pull we were taking that day about.
Who's gotten the school of the worst at QIM?
Which is a very accurate pull, by the way.
We'll probably let some names off.
And this is the way you do business.
I don't think so.
And that's why I've discontinued all the contact with the clearance and with Doth and all these other intermediates who come in to take our temperature.
Every morning, they have to come in there to kind of take our temperature so they can pass it along to Greg.
And the promoters pull games, huh?
But I get paid for it as a show up here every day.
Do a good show, the best I can.
And that's it.
I asked her in the last month of that summer book, which dragged us away down and cost a lot of us a lot of money.
And that's why it would be extraordinarily unlikely to see us continue.
I mean, yeah, we've got two years yet.
Two years is plenty.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So I'll say it again.
Thank you very much, Greg, for not jumping in anything premature because if I would have signed, especially after seeing Stern go into serious, there's no future in commercial radio for the town anymore.
It's just history, especially when you have a government that will let's just say anything on the year, and especially when you're working for a company that goes overboard on the restrictions.
It's a miracle we got any audience like to just say, you know, I've been so many times that I said it.
You get tired of beating your head against the wall and trying to change mankind and change the world.
You're not going to change this country.
It is what it is.
Of all the westernized countries, there isn't one that's even close.
Not close.
In terms of religious fanaticism and the rest of the world is that that would.
Horror.
Oh my God.
Horror.
Yeah.
And they're even dancing the horror.
They're in a place where dancing is in Israel.
They're really happy over there.
I'll guarantee you.
She won't is doing the quick apple.
Christophe's so excited.
Can you imagine him sitting on the toilet?
Please.
No, no, seriously.
Ariel.
She's not a king, but boy, he must have one hell of a big throne.
I'm serious.
That man's got an ass.
There are apartment buildings that are smaller than Ariel Sharon's ass.
I boys tell us.
In fact, they ask me.
He's all ass if he asks me.
But other than that, the rest of the world, the civilized world,
where they're not busy killing each other all every day because they don't like the shmata on the other guy's head.
They just can't believe this.
They're a guest.
And speaking of gas, thank you.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low-gas prices.
Thank you so much.
Every single issue, the economy, jobs, the price of oil, you name it, our relations with the rest of the world,
the war in Iraq, the war on terror, preventing terror on 9-11, which is the worst, the first time we've been attacked by outsiders on our own territory in a history of this country.
Except, of course, for, I guess, Pearl Harbor, which at that time, Hanlu Lului was not the state, but nevertheless, we still had our fingers in it.
And it didn't make any difference because when they started showing us the incident polling and moral values was world without it.
I told you right there that them born again, Van, then evangelical Christians, then fundamentalist lunatics, then crazy people, the God squad, the Jesus Christers, they're the ones that turned out.
Not you young people out there who too busy smoking a big fat one and trying to get laid.
Yeah, no, not them. They didn't show up.
And all these Democrats, as supposedly they registered, oh my God, the lines are, yeah, the lines were long, I write because they were forming in people that voted.
And guess what the nationwide total was. Now, I want you to keep these two numbers in mind, okay? Very important stuff.
Doesn't take a genius to figure out. We're still split exactly down the middle, except the chorus for the fundamentalists. They're in a separate category.
But as far as 2000, Al Gore won a popular vote by half a million votes, 500,000. Got that number in your mind? Right.
Bush here wins. Time was stayed over last time because they didn't like that the UI information that came up at the last minute.
Formated. That's the number they've been talking to us about all along.
Those four million evangelical Christians, if they show up this time, and they did.
And they were wound around a block and down the street, and up to Mary's house, and probably over there there was a low place to see the Virgin Mary on the 13th of each month.
The crazy people have taken over your country, baby. I mean, you may not like it. It's indeniable. The lunatics, the right-winged fringe.
Can it be just a matter of time before they're on their way to Armageddon?
Well, they can make it happen. They can make it happen.
Yeah, but what if we don't want to go?
This is Dick Keney. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene. This is my ball, while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1-H armbeam.
Well, good morning. This is former bus president, and former president, Dr. Joe Keney, the outdoor.
I'm here to wash the rumors. I have a life. I used to be the man who was in control. I used to be the man who was on a roll.
Now I just sit home in my undies and socks, looking for that key to my damn block box.
Oh, Dick Keney, you played your special. Oh, Dick Keney, you think you're flippin' out?
So you're Mr. Popular VP? That down and pressed me much. You're at least that is I am. And you're ballin' me.
Now I'm on to your ball. It was a real big man. He should run, flink you, though.
To have Janet say it, there's only two types of flanks from Techbook, you know. His dad's been car-riding.
He's holding Joe in all of your troops. You can flink your special. All of your troops, you flink your stuff around.
So you're Mr. Popular President, who? That down and pressed me much.
I want to be hurtful, I can be stout. Your ears are flittering rough. For real. Now go get me wrong. Georgia, flink you're alright.
But how many bears are your girl drinking my eyes? You don't impress me much.
Don't tell us the bear was from the real President. A real client. And what about great? Well look at my final killer of perfection.
We're all amongst the list of the tab of the flashy thread. Maybe I should hit with chill. No. I'm beautiful.
Provo to it 560 WDQM, happy Wednesday to you if we can say that. Can we say that? No.
But it'll be getting probably a new list pretty soon of things we can and cannot say.
When you think I unsure, I'm pretty long list. Here's the fact it says ashamed and scared Schmittless.
Cuban born here. Bobby. Well, Bobby. Who also says he has Vernon's gay.
Where can I get my passport? I'm leaving this God for a second loony wagon. I'm sick of all these 800 year old Cubans voting for people who promised to overthrow Castro.
We should take away the right to vote from those who weren't born here. Well, that may be okay, Bobby. But what about those people all over the rest of the country, the former and people who voted for Bush, former and more than those who voted for Senator Kerry?
Who's going to be conceding less than now by the way one o'clock? We'll carry about a few words.
Unless Brian professional epitography. Now, what? Why I don't understand? Why is he got his phone number on here?
Do you want to commercial way plug? I don't really go to date. No thanks. It says, get out your Bible. We're not a free nation anymore.
We've shown the world that we will follow the word of God no matter where it takes us or who it affects.
We're now absolutely one nation under God. George Bush is God and no other God. No facts. No considerations or rational thinking.
We'll override the word of George Bush's God. America has shown that we no longer consider the diverse police, ideologies and values of our own people.
So how can we possibly be the ones to spread to democracy around the world? Excellent point, Brian. If the rest of the world didn't hate us before, they sure will now. They should keep us a lot safer.
Yeah. Oh, evil doers are really going to get after us now. How long before that first terror alert?
Then that's starting gone with the wind they had a terror alert. Here's the fact that this is where's my cheap gas?
The only thing worse than this internet connection on your rent is the next 30 years. But 30, man. Please get somebody in a keystriker face the internet.
Oh, yeah. How are we going to do that? I mean, we've got a problem cutting in and out, I guess, for some time now. And what do they say about it?
That's a quote. What? Here. They've got to care. So I'm trying to do a thing because it has to do with our website and has to do with this show.
I mean, the optimal point of view. That's right. I think it's money or a internet. It's not on the internet. It's not on the internet. It's just for your people out there.
So anyway, I can listen to this on the internet. Please don't make me go out frank and I can't leave my amperer. I can't leave his amperer.
Oh, I hear she's the best. And I just job by the way out frank and then air America. That was really going to do the job. Did I do it?
God, what a joke. And then of course, I and Z either plan to go to stay from the Navy for.
She forgot her most. Most does not care. What is it? Most does care enough to realize what does that mean?
Senator liked Jim the mint who thinks that all one pregnant woman and Gays are unfit to be schoolteachers.
Senator elect Tom Coburner wants the death penalty for abortion doctors. Senator elect John Thune, who we all know is Mr. School Prayer Amendment number one.
Voters in 11 states voted to ban same size marriage. The lowest margin was 5743. The highest in Mississippi 8614. Kentucky also banned civil unions 75 to 25.
Meanwhile, 89% of these Supreme Court justice are Christians older than 65. These people are speaking for me, deciding how I live. I'm a 22 year old agnostic.
Enjoy your tax cut America. You're going to bloody need it. Sunday disappointed. Free think in American Travis. Well, Travis had to break the news to you.
But your days are numbered, baby. In single digits all over. Free think in America. That's like an icy moron now.
As far as all those goyem up there are considered. Don't confuse them, man. That Armageddon's coming and we got the right guy in here to lead us right down the path to hell.
They felt that they just couldn't get the votes they needed without what they call an exhaustive battle that would really spread or divide.
The numbers weren't there, honey. Okay. They just weren't there. Stop this solid of dance. 135,000 down when you're going in the wrong direction when you've gone from 120,000 to 135,000 votes behind it.
I was the votes keep coming in. You just ain't got to cut it. Ain't there. He was weak. Did not tell you he was weak. Sure, we all saw it.
Tip Bush is asking the debates. Even with that wire, even when the radio transmitter Bush was getting coached in the back. So he'll keep saying,
Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu
Abu Parli has pulled a drop on Abu
And probably more than that. I'm sure more. Yeah, certainly before 60 when a Kennedy's fixed Illinois to get JMP in there
WQ I am hello the only demographic that could defeat the evangelist is weberman. Yeah, that'll do it. Yeah
WQ I am hello
Speaking
Hey, how you doing? I'll keep up with things. I mean the Democrats are
They're gonna put a dancing billy goat against Bush and still should have beaten them right? That's right with the with the more on the
majority. You were here trying to dance. Oh, yeah, but I mean look at the more on majority. I mean that that's the tail tail sign of what's written that country
Baby look at that map. Look at the so-called red states. Okay one after another here to come Utah while you'll
Ignore Dakota, South Dakota Montana Idaho, Colorado. Here they all came man red mix the what's incredible to me is
I'm in a crash in a couple years we've killed
100,000 innocent women at children and the terrorists in the past
And you're surprised over 100 of our own by the way don't forget those kids in the past 10 years the terrorists haven't killed that many people right?
That's correct. You know, so it's again. I mean who was the real terrorist here
But I will say this that if Bush and the Saudis make another bad business deal who knows how many are gonna die in that one right?
I want you know one thing I didn't would carry up that should have brought up in the debate is the abortion issue
If the fact that abortion's actually have risen with Bush in the White House. Yeah, I read that I read the article
They should have consulted me a little bit. Yeah, I mean it's just incredible
It just doesn't make sense
Well, that's because they get tried to play it say they wanted to ride that fine
I didn't want to offend the religionist and you know I blew up in her face. I wanted a thing you for the red neck
That's a low. Okay, you might kiss for me. We'll do so you probably enjoy it
560.0560
Pond 560 and he Verizon in singular wireless line. We're taking your temperature today
Just kind of like the way the management there likes to take our temperature
We need to see whether they might actually communicate with our okay
Glant it's over 56
It's static 28. Oh look at that. Now presidents got to speak at three o'clock
I'll be sure to be away from a TV at that point
Extantic 28 that's 5% what result 21 in different 15 and please 13 so between ecstatic and please we got 7.3%
Well, that's because you changed away all of us good like I said before I can't say it often enough
Okay, if we get a one share you're gonna change my life in the least bit
You know, I think I think that's an interesting thing that when you like people that are on XM and serious
I don't know if they have a way we need to rate that do they probably don't
They just don't how many people are subscribing because that's really making it also are commercial free
They must have a way to to tell where that we see
Oh, I will now. Oh, you can me after that last night's election
You think that they're not gonna be monitoring everything you listen to every book that you read every movie that you rent
Oh, you've got to be kidding me meant pay paid act parts 3 4 and 5. Wait till you see those
There's gonna be they're even gonna be checking out what you wait for breakfast
Because it's gonna be the tourlette police
The feces of the species
You'll see you're laughing. You think I'm just joking about that. They're gonna be checking your intervals your gizzards your innards your outards
Let's see here's a fact from AJ who says dear Munseen your neal
Please let me know after a couple of major newspapers in Amsterdam so I can look them up online trying to find a job before I move
The telegraph D E T E L E G R A A F
Two ways a
The telegraph is the major newspaper and there's other ones
After the visible results of the election where the religious zealous of this country stole the election again
Would a help other friends had died bold Susan Lapur?
I think that's Theresa Lapur he's talking about and yet Bush
I'm officially decided to move to Amsterdam. How can we let off that though bitch?
What that was your name?
Was her name?
Please help me says I need to know a couple of may I just got through Tonya
Please this would take five say I just got through Tonya
I'm a pre-satellist there for many times over the years couple never lucky enough to get through
Based on the specs you were real lucky
Good luck with everything hope that the spik and such over it's a chance can take off when you decide to retire from this
Retarded Podonth market loving kisses AJ
Telegraph
D E capital T E L E G R A A F
Got it
That it sounds like giraffe the telegraph
I just hope you don't expect he's gonna be learning no Dutch
horrible language finally also belief
Comment is passed known and plus there's a whole lot of them rise to rise to drug people out there in the streets
Nasty smelly gross and the ducks are overburying and obnoxious but I know you'll love it over there. It's a lot of fun
1213 at 560 WQ AM IRS tight problems have a way of destroying your life man
They take a tool on you financially physically and emotionally just like yesterday's election
It just weren't some of us down you can never really forget about your IRS problems
They come back every morning when you wake up and the cold sweat just the crap in your brains out
CPA Genie Buckwell the the buck wall tax firm will help in your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind
That's why other top CPA law firms are for all of their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they have IRS problems
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records
Now suppose you have an IRS lien wage-loat the open-rope taxes and penalties
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you own need time to pay whatever the deal the buck wall tax firm can help you out
They offer your free initial consultation affordable and guarantee fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment
And best of all you never have to meet with the IRS the buck wall tax firm handles all meetings and discussions
So you don't even have to do it column today 954
575 2800 when you wrote $10,000 or a million IRS taxes whatever the number the buck wall tax firm will help you out
Call them today for a free no obligation consultation or visit them on that wicked web on the internet's at
IRS freedom.com stop worrying about the IRS not condom at front door 954
575
2800
25
See Bob Jordan brings back his most beloved character for another film about America's most beloved story
Fighting night car
I reckon on fork down you wrote the point it's really Bob Jordan as Carl from slingblade coaching high school football
I call it a tailback
Come folks call it a halfback
I call it a tailback
Fighting night car will make a quarterback sneak into your heart
I read the rule book I study know that quite a bit and says a man ought not to block another man from bad
I'll know keep calling for a term
And don't miss coach Charles inspirational half-time pep talk
Even you boys with a terrible bowl game we're all gonna go off for business and muster
I like misgidges and muster
Fighting night car
rated
I reckon no young in under the ages 13
Autos a little without their mom or your daddy
It's for 1218 guess what they cast or concede to this morning
Yeah, I'm just passing that along all right
And it's still no more out they haven't counted the absentee ballots from big county if this is starting to get me really pissed up and fired off
Because I'm looking at the very latest and I'm not so great. I'm in for there on the slum machines at the pair mutual
And it's still
50.05 percent against at 49.95 percent. It's not a 1 percent difference. It's one tenth of 1 percent
One tenth of 1 percent
6800 votes out of almost seven million
But the good news is there's 125,000 more votes to be counted two percent of the total and their absentee ballots from
Dave County which since it's been passing overwhelming in Dave and Broward
It's probably put it over the top and then of course when we had the local referenda in Dave and Broward
It'll win overwhelming me again. Yes
See this idea that we have to left the rest of the state these red next these mugwums these Bible love thumpin lunatics
these flat earth people
Victator was what they'll we can do and a quality of education maybe they want their kids to be as just as dumb as they are
Yeah, that's right. They don't want to be shown up by their kids
And it might them to be just as stupid and trailer trashy as they are. I don't know you we got for bed
We should have more money for education in Florida
It's a seal
Yeah, that's right even our fan asked governor tell you that we got some devious plans for you smart
Alec education people educational save you from hell yeah, he's too busy. Don't worry about educating
He's too busy to keep an ass stiff alive there. Tell what the hover or whatever name is
Terry to shy bow Terry shy bow busy keeping that thing alive. She smiled when I saw that her like I said
His daddy don't like broccoli, but jib likes vegetables
And anything else you can eat that's why he's got such a damn big fat. Let's go. Yes
Here's the best from poor Jane and my me who wants us to put sad and depressed on the pull
That's a good suggestion Jane get that on the right away. Please Josh especially since you have to answer the phone no more
How did you enjoy that yesterday?
It was pretty miserable
Out of here we have a lot of problems yesterday. I'm not that I paid attention to a lot. No. Yeah, there were a couple wackos, you know, yeah well
Wouldn't you have been disappointed if they were? Oh, yeah
Yeah, the more people you got the more wackos you got that's the way abortion has been this especially in this town
Anyway, so just please for Jane because she's sad and depressed
The both of those together
First it says you have to head to the carl rope. He is formidable or is that formidable
Well, while we've learned in this election
I think it's clear that Emma Grant's can't win election without having a southern round the ticket like ten
Carter Johnson said it wasn't I just talking about that a few days ago?
Why do all democratic candidates win the last Democrat?
We had his president who wasn't a southern Yahoo was
JFK and he had a steal the election
With regard to the Iraq war, I think it was a problem that Carol you see Von meter died last week
Von meter he was he had an album called the first
Family he didn't he did the most perfect imitations. He was a comedian in a set of worst who did the imitations of JFK and Bobby
Unfortunately, and he just died he'd the
Put the interview in the paper that they had done some time ago and when Kennedy got assassinated that was the end of his career
Von meter he's dead
Anyway, it says with regard to the Iraq war, I think it was a problem that Carrier's position was indistinguishable from Bush's good point Jane
Carrier would have done much better any taking a stand against the war
Pudging to get us out of there saying six months
Absolutely correct Jane
She says I think the people who voted for Bush had to win this their children the armed forces right
Similarly, I think that all the pro-life subpoor supporters should be placed on the list and forced to adopt all the little black children who are born to people who thanks to the Bush administration
Can't afford to raise their own children
Not write that how about their little Latino kids that are like smuggled across the border
That are being born because the pope keeps telling no birth control
Finally, can you add sadden me first? I'm sure we just did didn't we yes? Yes, we are saddened the first most of us
Now here's the facts from Frank who says
Let me start by saying I'm not gay and I think it's repulsed abnormal, etc
Thank you Frank
Having said that I think it's unusual for the government to say that I can't discriminate against people because of their sexual preferences
But the government can is the next step to make it all right to fire people when you find out that they're gay
Isn't government supposed to guarantee equality for all people whether they're black or white yellow green straight by or gay? Oh no
Not this government. I don't understand why this is even an issue the first letter in another which what's it to you
That's what we always say why should you even care the first letter to the government is to ask the question
Why is this a concern and what who does it affect if the first answer is biblical in nature
It's not supposed to be an issue what non-biblical reason is therefore making gay marriage an issue at all
Second the only people affected by gay marriage are the two people are getting married and has no effect on anyone else
So why's the issue I don't get it any of this anybody else with a brain except it appeals to people's hate their fears and their hate
And we let them vote on their hatreds men. They'll line up for miles
Of people be married in order
And think it's okay also
I think our son of a lot in the tape was a boost to bush how many people saw that tape and said been loud and not gonna threaten me
I'm gonna show him and vote for both people last one. They don't mean of course loans that they're gonna send your ass off
Jewish for Hitler and I'll say it again at least the black people this comes you take a lot of crap from everybody
At least the dark folks just like I predicted they didn't get sucked in they know what it's all about
This garbage about he was gonna get twice as many black folks as he's like yeah my Yamama
That's what black America said to George Bush Yamama. You're not fooling us you jackass you cracker
You illiterate goon white see its white males primarily and white people in general but white males specifically
We got to be much old man. We got to show you we're gonna go over there kicks him ass
Not necessarily the ass that was a threat to us or the anything to do with killing of our people
But nevertheless just to make us feel better like that article I read you again yesterday that that was it
Have a nice quick war
We're against what surprise
Ain't so quick lots of people dying
Was he what about you jice I want to take that bet and I'm good
Greg and the scooly water Nazis are was gonna throw a screw in there, but he's not there anymore
You see if you stick around sooner or later
Oh, in fact, maybe we ought to do that pole again, you know
Who got screwed worked the QAmen last couple few years
Screw and baby won't see her no more even what's his name bro
can't believe it
And not only him not only Roy but drool is shocked
I guess he won't be doing that number anymore
26 past noon
At five sixty one number twenty three is what I'm talking about that was to raise number on the dolphins when you play those four games
They could probably use them right now, you know what?
Couldn't hurt. Yeah, couldn't hurt
I just found that couldn't
Hey, if you're looking in the mirror wondering about that big army bald spot. Here's the answer, baby
Chuck Alfie Erie
Charles is the hair guy. That's right. He's the hair specialist for over 30 years now
He's been helping guys look really swell really swanky because you wouldn't even know his work when you see it
It looks like real here. That's the key. I mean you see a bad hair piece man
All you do is just want to pee in your pants laughing and that's what they're doing to you man like like what's his name?
Even he finally did said muskrat because he realized that everybody who was the laugh and stock of the universe
If you want to look great Charlie's new skin like hair system is a hundred percent undetectable
The hair looks like it's real like the real thing grown right out of your scalp and Charlie's work is completely guaranteed
You have nothing to lose but that grotesque growing bald spot because here's how the deal works
You try Charlie's system for a month for 30 days
I'm turning man in effect or 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels if we don't have a new president return for a full refund
Make the call today at 1-800-321-24-13 and be sure mention to Charlie
You heard about it here on the new Roger show because it means you get your special 200 out of this count off the regular
$800 price of that natural hairline system
So forget about the pills and the portions the holes in the head all of that crap
Keep in mind that the secret to a great hair system is to make sure that nobody can tell you're wearing one and Charlie's new skin like hair
System is as natural as you can get pick up that phone and calm today. There's no obligation
Charlie will bring you in and show you just how much better and younger he can up you look
1-800-321-24-13 that's 1-800-321-24-13 around the wicked web Charles Alfieery dot com
Thank you
Absolutely
God
Described for changing i
Went online
I emailed the dum��s
D she make for slaves
I
I'm a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a
little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little
bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit
fort eing букan … chest upper … chest upper … chest upper … chest upper … chest upper … chest upper … chest upper … skin … chest upper … chest women from a bag stand up … chest upper … chest upper … chest
it is okay we don't have a two party system we got a one party system and a
dot ring old fool named Ralph Nader who got about how many votes last night he's
on their whining on CNN last night well if they would let me on the bell
what you run about in a whole bunch of states you get like 16 votes okay you
get over 1% I don't think in any state and in Florida he got the big oh
less than 1% and Larry King being the rocket scientist that he is we had no
business being on there at all last night how well how well what would you like
me to sound like me oh no not you know I'm sorry you're telling listen to me
what would you just say no you don't know what you just say let's
around a little bit maybe a little bit around okay how's that a meal can I
interject a little bit but I mean go right ahead sir please take all the time
you want I am I am a holo sapi and on this earth and I consider myself a
Jesus loving person but I want to know every why every time I look at
this I see a B.D.I.d weasel antichrist I guess I'm not I'm now one of one of
the vandalistic how's that the guy do your bug guy five six seven oh five
sixty how's great be the one and see is he still on in the morning or he
can't I can't keep track of some of these people on drugs no on that whatever
that was a 50 I don't know the station at Norma Kent keeps talking about the
one at Steve Lapis got some see some of these people who are pretend like
radio people like Norma Kent and they're like oh well a 50 is this and this
one is that nobody nobody listens to those stations nobody cares nobody knows
where they are what they are who's on who's off who's on first it's like old
Nepho you know what about proposition four I don't understand that 98% of the
boat and the same boat the boat has to go up the county let me clarify for you
the other two percent of the hundred and twenty five thousand absentee ballots
from date which haven't counted yet yeah it was really good for passage
because they didn't power past overwhelming in favor so once they count those
who was trying to find out when they're gonna count about it some not
between now any year twenty five twenty five you know when they count those
you should put it over the top I do not understand the cap of the ship going
against it I do not understand the money is going to go to education yeah
and I just can't understand the reason if they to give them 10% that might
the Catholic school then they said oh that's a really good idea let's go for
let's cancel the bill and you know what I really disappointed in I said
I'm disappointed in the schools of brown County because my thought I go to a
public school in brown County and I spoke to the principal and I asked to put
something in the literature to tell the parents to vote for it and and and they
refused I don't understand it I really don't I just I just I saw a little
little tense mark yes I like your over the age I think it's gonna pass like I
said they got a hundred twenty five thousand votes to count they're all from
date absentee ballots it looks pretty good really I'm not unless of course the
fixes in and they decide to for the us and one for them you know that kind of
deal I thank you very much good luck to us Mark thank you I'll see you at
the top of the park at the slots or maybe just go out to wood buying right now
I'm going out to wood buying to plunge my guts out a little bit okay get
this out of my system young people by the way those night around CNN we
owe them an apology at least you do win away from knocking them they still
represented the same percentage but they also turned out in much greater
numbers it's just that because there was such a high voter turnout their
impact wasn't any greater in other words in two thousand seventeen percent of
the vote were people eighteen to twenty nine this time again the same 17
percent but again we're much more people that voted this time so a lot more
than showed up but they just couldn't make the impact because they were out
numbered by those far missing a goyem is the Chinese say for a
missing a goyem got that boy the God Squad the Jesus Christ is the fight earth
society the Armageddon is coming crowd the I'm crazy that a bug bug
crowd the stem cell research is evil crowd the see this other crowd them jack
passes the question the fun the hug are they really yeah the make a
sell to this they carried a complete line of betting from all the top names
of the business silly sir to Simmons King Quil Tempority and stirons and
foster hewitt call one eight hundred mattress right now and save yourself up
to an additional twenty percent off there's super low factory direct prices
on select models call one eight hundred mattress right now choose the day in
tabular you picked it to our window like always any day of the week when it's
convenient for you seven days from a to n a m till 10 p.m. all the smart folks
including yours truly have been doing this for years now instead of wasting
our time gas and money sloughing around from vetting the department store with
low prices same day delivery preset up and removal it's easy to see a dollar
mattress is ranked number one a customer satisfaction dollar mattress even
received the prestigious better business bureau's torch of excellence award so
you need new mattress of the old one's lumpier bumpy or wanting something for
your role is coming down for the winter time
you're a major new
ruggers
the rest of the classic
m a m
when we're done looking Friday night on e is the making of the Enrique Glacier
song
heroes
I can be your
evil
demon
everything is still
here
Jerry this is not what this is not what Enrique stands once yeah you need to get in
there you need to get him to cry
I know I know I know they want
uh... i got an idea let me see
you
uh...
Enrique
he has my
guess what
he's a kidnaps and the kidnappers
what they want for a chance to see the song
copy on the tv
isn't cute
you have a home
starving
why would a doggy
star understood
if you sell enough records by singing the song maybe we can find homes for all
the little doggy's in the world
and
what do you want for lunch today
they don't even sell that anymore they don't make it anymore
you know what
you know what
the making of the Enrique Glacier song hero
and we can't look at the news
was out and guess what
that's
don't miss the making of hero
Enrique Glacier's
Friday night on e
everything entertainment
she still looks okay to me it's about forty five speaking of she
jane
you know we've choice to run a poll set in the press is doing very well you
see how fast that's all that skyrocketing up there to the top
what about suicidal cover that that
well not quite that said order for it
winter flies to your feelings about the election result
pissed off fj4
suicidal to 120
land it's over seventy seven to press fifty nine
ecstatic forty one what results twenty eight
pleased twenty one and different nineteen don't give a shmit
i just put in different cars i'm getting tired of no
give a shmit i'm tired of the great uh... don't give a shmitters
five six seven oh five sixty carries going to continue fourteen minutes
not that we're counting one o'clock
i'm so sick and tired of democrats can see we need bubble back
you know they were smart you know they would have for vice president
bubble there you go
i he would have had to go that hard operation with the middle of campaign
money
that's not a lot of it fine
in fact accrediting the gigantic uh... victory in principle venue for
carry in part
to the fact that uh... bubble was there
he uh... really motivated uh... Arkansas couldn't do it
twice as much as number one they had that anti-fag marriage thing on a
ballot
and number two uh... you know curious what he's that liberal from uh... we know
great
the liberal capric who almost like a jew who's got little jew in them
and then of course he's got that bitch you wife
i don't think she helped at all
they should have kept her a lot more heavily sedated during last two or three
weeks of the depot every time she opened up her push man she stuck her leg
not just your foot for the entire leg and all the way down to her point i thought
that i had a
yeah plus the fact that what does she was like he called out of a dumpster she's
worth a billion dollars and i guess you just doesn't give a crap you know
because you're well-couple that kind of money you don't care what anybody thinks
about the way that's right honey
no she said when you got some money you don't care about what other people
say would be over the credit for it on a stuff like that
especially if it's like that uh... wire up the back
wqa hello
uh... hello yet i think we need speaking
on the old high-how you don't
i'm hanging in there i'm trying to keep my mind together
okay you know what i'd like to just make it come in you know what i think you
were right all along i'm gonna move to Canada
there you go
yeah move in the car and it's my husband is listening on the other line you
know uh... if he's listening to the always listen to you
darlin
let's move to Canada and i'd like to just make a little comment uh... on the
republicans
i think the republicans are a bunch of for me and i
okay
okay thank you me you have a good day okay you see a
alrighty bye bye
see what you said it was like uh... you know
like was all on word
did you let it go
what
uh...
we require to speak Spanish all of a sudden
no of course that if the fcc don't care about what else you know what the
joys probably is
although she wouldn't be probably to speak to words of spending a joys
but i thought of a video here in our lives
getting so tired of this bitch hanging over her hair here
all i don't know that
i knew it had something to do with the election or with your breakfast
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty and he provides and see the world's on the managing to today
the mad dog
that he's put in some heavy duty work look at that
friday i'm looking to skip the rest of the day and i don't know my birthday
jim manages to ensure publics and friday
i show i publics
i don't know maybe it's a deli
i can't believe that doesn't say which publics is only how many of them in
town
but we will find out the humpar is it for the
shirt
i think you're going to summer out of man
that's right
five six seven oh five sixty
past any man there's a class act
she a classy girl a guy or one
w.a.m. hello
w.a.m. hello
hello
yes sir
randy rose will be
screaming at the about the votes of the election
and i don't plan for screaming about it
and she's in flutter all the speak until the results are over
yeah
and who cares
another sighting on a randy's people saying something like that
wow what excuse us
w.a.m. hello
hi i'm super
w.a.m. hello
q.a.m.
hey nia was just an idea how the rest of the world thinks of us last night
about 11 o'clock i was watching him ahead
i don't know what channel but
they're interviewing these two people
two new cathedin europe two different they were
interviewing two different shout out two different
areas in europe two different countries and one lady said
yeah we saw the news and uh we're quite disappointed
and uh you know a problem on the streets tonight you know
not only if they think we're a joke
yes and another guy they don't think it they know it
they know it and another guy
and they still vote them in so like you said we're a big joke
we were most man only the us a
unbelievable copy so i border baby see it now it falls four
yeary one of those places he had the peace bridge
so the goddess is going to be screaming and cheering on her already was
something like that uh so who cares well what's there to scream about i don't
know huh i mean there's some people just like
getting on your screaming again well there's not
the scream about carry ran of her mediocre campaign
and they mobilized all those the goyam and they all turned out and the
they they did a phenomenal job of running around picking them up
sloughing them into the pool standing in line and rain
for hours till two three in the morning and they voted that's it
and at least this time if there were irregularities which i'm sure that they
were they made sure that they won't buy enough so that's not going to be
like last time we don't have to go through that
whole crap again i still say we don't have the election over again next
way just try it okay tower dean with Bob Graham
president what's wrong with that guaranteed when in florida sure the most
popular politician in florida history bobby Graham baby i've got to really
notice his crap inside an out and how we're dean that's not afraid to tell
like it is who was against who were right and front from the start not vague
not ambiguous not all over the place not wishy washy not uh do what i'm uh
waffle routines you know like that the old flip flop
they had a tough time with dean that's why he didn't get in
that's why he didn't get it they didn't waste any time
as soon as they saw the opening man as soon as he let out that first
quesharad that was the end of him there was a chance and of course he
noticed how the media cooperated oh after dean got humiliated and
embarrassed and most of us got sucked in thinking he was a crazy person
then they showed that he all he was trying to do is be heard over the
crowd noise because they used the isle my conner so we couldn't hear the crowd
yeah oh well we really shouldn't have done that well too late now
probably it would be like they would be like the terrorist of it i'm saying oh
we probably shouldn't have be handed out what's your name oh did you see that
else is there won't even put the tape on of that uh right
British babe who's not beheaded yet but not yet i mean that actually what they're
doing i think is picking her apart with a tweezer is something because they
said she was in such bad shape that even for a bunch of barbarians like them
they didn't have the the hoots but to put it on the ear
wqa and hello hey yeah after yesterday i want to quit being an american man
yeah disgusting i'm working on it i know man i got to move the candidate with you
frankly you know speaking of Canada can i give a enthusiastic recommendation from my
freol again okay now the weather there sucks it's much more severe than here i
would never never live there in a winter time or even a year except for those
three days in the summer one three nights but it's a it's a fine city now of course
the problem is that there's too much french being spoken but you ought to be used to be in a
place where nobody's been singlish and number two they have friend wrote a mantra all
i said and she pins a u what's the weed there somebody qa and hello all great qa and
and pally yes pally at all the democratic senators and all of the issues and people in the world
hi pally hi pally yeah in the past two elections that's the best
they could give us yeah i'm sick about it can you do me a favor put his horse face down
and backup on the beaded curtain so i can think of something
oh man i'm gagging on it right now
oh that victory speech by busher three this afternoon be sure to miss that
i'm sure he's going to say i'll go grab couple of times
you see when you're dealing look at that map baby look at the map look at what america has become
you see all of those days about once once they let the blacks out of the cages man that was the
end of the democrats in the south see the democrats in the south used to be people like George Wallace
and lester mattis virulent racists that that was democrat robert berber back in his kukos fan days
that was democrat and then once the democrats and lb j said well how about civil rights for
and dark foes off we don't want to do that that's when i really uh... starts on their true colors
white right real real pale white so that's what you got now you got the red next state which is air
not not just the south but all through that midwest you know other in illinois and michigan
the upper north midwest is just fine you know michigan we're living and breathing people
in a soda was constant even i went to bad but once you get away from that you start talking about
when they stick their finger then it was all the way up to scratch where the brain is supposed to be
then you got a horse of a different to ask you are listening to me you'll run you
it's you lose it
welcome
i'm fighting you
you're old
i'm
but it's it's the one to do our
my but my but it's going away
but
orange jumpsuit
gonna look so great
you're not like it if there's an ocean
you're gonna give yourself a whole new day call
oh
mark that you got a number
there's all that you're doing
mark that you're friends and numbers
pop up on 700-7000
pop up on 700-7000
pop up on 700-7000
pop up on 700-7000
you're not supposed to be saved
but orange never be reserved by the world
you're way you are
growing they won't cause you fight
you're way you're not supposed to be reserved by the world
what are friends?
definitely
deal with it
as good as we can be on the most horrific news ever
all of us are on one
it's just the worst possible thing
and i'm more shocked than i am angry right now
but i really hope and you know so the last
fall before you we switched over satellite oh it's just a
bet that we could have dumped the democratic party
i hope this democratic party wakes up and realize something
it's time to stop trying to get centralized on the issue
we need to go as far or less as possible
we need to really truly for our iZConsumer
and they need to be uh... had somebody with balls okay not
dad we love you baby okay we want anybody named
Dean okay even Dean from a superman
who
dean from superman clark and lowest lowest in clark lowest in whatever's
name of the team
the king
well see that name i try to keep it out of my mind
five six and you know born again steves would have to be eighty five dark
children and it's like a phony uh... unit and phony ass and phony eyeballs and
phony uh... below me
spina baloney i wish that fat lawyer is probably right now
anyway joint and speaking of that joint george and maryl and boka brine today for
happy r five to seven a treasure island will put you in a much better mood i
guarantee that especially when steven even starts
to them bowling balls and bill your balls and
got away those other balls all over the place crystal balls
she's uh... crystal balls well
i'm not saying word about that i want to get like uh... in between the two
yeah yeah anyway a treasure island right off the palm of the
center the hundred and twenty seconds we exit stop by for price and check out
again steven even this seems to be getting like regular
i'll work there a lot which you'll enjoy her she like uh... you know ping-pong
comequats watermelons too five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the and probably even some gourds
out well yeah when you see one of those pop i think oh my god it'll drive you
out of your
cord cord that's what should happen four years ago but should have gotten
out
goryby didn't he did he did see that's the whole deal this is the thing that makes
this so unbelievable to take out i want to get you to press folks but stop and
think about this everybody who's even a little bit honest i mean like only
even an alternate mondays
knows that the election in two thousand was stolen right this the ones that were
cast in one election now that having been said then we go into a total
illegitimate presidency we got a bug a guy who should be impeached based on
taking the country to war based on a pack of lies absolute blatant lies and instead
he gets reelected for another four years
and you wonder why the rest of the country looks at america and they like
oak like that yeah like are you people on drugs or what
oh and speaking of that you ain't seen nothing yet the d e is going to be
knocking under you got like a pin joint anywhere within a five block radius
your ass is going up for 20 years up to your old river
w.c. r.a.m. hello
hi can i speak to you speaking
nil i'm calling here from conservative summarize for it and i got to tell you
i'm i used to be a republican i'm
human and i changed my my affiliation during the core days
and i got to tell you i'm more scared today than i've ever been i served in the
first person's off war i'm educated i'm 34 everything that you would think
that we're republican stand for and let me tell you man i'm scared so talk some
sense into us nil put us at ease a little bit because you're the only
voice that reason around
hey pal just remember one word
drugs two words good drugs right well
well he said put us at ease that's what you know they
adding this role of big fat one take the hero they ain't worth a crap
anyway just roll up big fat one in the hero
uh... and matter of fact white and all on everybody it seems to feel like we'd
taken the pipe five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
they've rising singular right lines
yeah you can be doing other medical marijuana stuff okay see a plastic
couple those who like that and that chance on
dangerous Canadian drugs coming in either you wait and see how fast he's
gonna turn tail on that one for his good buddies in the pharmaceutical
companies hmm when surprised me if before the end of the year they try
spring and vios back i had probably got a whole bunch of it left over oh yeah
all that bad give it a try okay well just kind of 10 percent
i think we had the right idea before all the all the people who voted for bush
we're gonna like to track down the names addresses right out about since these
are supposed to be the family people you know the single people they were for
carry but they married people the couples they were for bush well great well
your kids are the ones that are going to war right they can be the first
well drag choice if you don't have any kids will just send you instead
or here's a bunch of factors now bummed out in homestead oh in the homeland i
thought said homestead you know homestead where they voted for the metro rail
to put over the heavier family you're in a special place i'm sad and this made
the bible one in common sense is gone we are doomed i'm hoping they allow
to choice of the draft instead of just armed forces perhaps habitat for
humanity or forest firefighting instead of making these kids criminals and
fugitives if they decide not to go to fight i hope all these Cubans and
stupid people are happy
that was great yeah all in the not only that but that Latin vote baby 40% like i
said before how's that possible what's within deners man i think they're hanging
around with your people too much the theory that one that says the um
whole who fast you said the world will see what it does be that far off i don't
get it i hate those damn voting machines i still think the fix was in in Ohio
and Florida what they needed not i don't know how were that their friend from
bible said the fix i mean that it was gonna make sure bush run
because they control all the levers of power in this country especially the media
what state was hit harder by the action of this regime than in Ohio it's mind boggling
ps internet speed is awful i lose trust of airtime what's up with what up with that
i i we're getting a lot of complaints about it yes and only the powers that be there were qm
don't want to do anything about it you should start to make in some noise there about it
to whom anybody to mock to cherish to somebody the early way thing else then tell
them they've been told they're told almost daily and that's what we're talking to fix it okay
comic relief talk to fix it i'm gonna get a haircut a joke can't complain about our
regime department we don't have one here's ray who says here's a list i put together for all
the parents that are going to send their children to the war will approve fest a 50 night vision
thirty hundred ninety five bucks gas mass four hundred helmet two hundred bucks
quote uh... mcaz twenty five hundred bucks
and uh... all that's bullets and humvee
poor ray that's the president of armored home via the one you know
so here's one that says a lot of fascism and am i missing something here morals were the main
concern the voters not a rack not the economy not education not judge not the environment morals
absolutely correct that's right and how many times did we hear that lady up to the election in
the two three months before all they're not really that much concerned about the issues that
were concerned about a strong leader a strong christian i guess it's okay to lie about tax cuts
in how the middle of lower classes of benefit i guess it's okay to lie about time series record
or to intimidate and tell the media in this emission it's okay to lie about your concern for the
environment it's okay to lie about how our sourcing is good for the american people it's okay to
be little others religious beliefs it's okay to ignore the rest of the world isolated this country
just so long as gays can marry by god there you go that's the important issue
hate morals they don't have a clue what morals are it says if it wasn't for the fact that millions
of people voted for carry androo against bush i would say that this country deserves what it gets
except those people would work carried them not to serve bush like i said the country divided
back into again civil war should the point of the civil war all the civilized people can live up
in the north they can handle the cold weather sure hold me like i said look at the map just look at
the map look at that enormous swath of red baby the south and the midwestern they are far the rocky
mountain all of that crap it says is there way to have president bush be present the red states
can you can set up housing taxes sort of like the centuries Jefferson Davis then this blue
states can like its own president i'm all for it i hate that they can have nothing like the way
facing in baby great idea we can have john carry me president of the north and jord vortica
betrays the south i like it what you need they offer payments as low as three hundred and thirty
two bucks for every hundred grand it's a borrow and guaranteed mortgage bankers not only will make
your mortgage happen but they'll even send you on a cruise that's correct after closing your
loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers and your fuel beads you can choose one of six different
seven night cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers whether you look into buy a new home
an investment property or just refinance that current mortgage these are the folks who want to be
talking to one eight hundred seven three four sixty six sixteen on the web you'll find them at
guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com that's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach
with all features just like that
back in the day when someone done a strong
we didn't take their crap no imperial harbor or when the jabs dropped their bombs
we bombed them bad and now the Saudis made it aside and on our cards our little flanks wait
have that sonny in love and retired voice of our
mrs the wrong way
and of embarrassed to be in America where they follow those like cheese the united states of
americans and by portion sadly three they got this country
and the way towards the largest states and i used to read i don't want to be a pack
of marinerne
if they
you were saved
i'm dying out of here
what's a few thousand innocent lives
stop living in the past
if you want that as you need to try you're gonna need more gas it's the greatest country
in the world they train us to move and anyone who says that obviously
and afford to be
where we
the
USA
We're gonna carry to make a consistent species annual hall in Boston right across from Quincy market
Shroping stops and gets in Chowda Chowda. Yeah, who's getting Chowda. Yes, I think that's what put them onto the edge
Should have got a mark faces and says mark formerly chronic mark who's it's owned it down a little bit nice going mark
And this is this is really embarrassing. I mean when Oklahoma is even more progressive than Florida
That's really embarrassing although I think I still think that amendment four is gonna finally pass on them
If and when those absentee ballots ever get counted
I think they're fixing it up right now to make sure it doesn't win. I don't know what you're laughing about
That's the same way they did with the micro fail the same thing. No
And the same way they did with that they slipped the Mickey would at the double a arena there downtown
That was a full-needial if you're for it vote
No, and if you're against it vote. Yes, they always pull that crap so they can confuse and it's like a
Sheldon that they play and amaco speaking against a
approximately 50 public villain fourth track did you get that tax button TV?
Yeah, but I don't get the same MTV that you
What was on what what is on is apparently all the road rules crews are trying to melt a block of ice and everyone's wearing speedos practically naked
Oh, no
How come I can't well little beyond here somewhere? I'm gonna go blind
Yes, I don't know
The competition
Specified types of gaming must be ratified by least four people who may be in tribes the audio adiani
The types of electronic gaming devices the preparation of the rights to conduct include electronic finance style bingo electronic instant
I said or in salon whatever
Two other private race tracks will roger down and blue ribbon down will be allowed to operate a maximum of
250 gaming machines gaming operations of the tracks are permitted up 18 hours a day not to exceed
106 hours per week how do you like that and talks about all these tremendous amount of revenue it's gonna take in but it also says here
Meanwhile the fate of slot machine Gabby against our Florida was too close to call
A2 they call the Palm Beach post the newspaper reported that with most of the states precincts counted
There was less than a half percent difference between the supporting and opposing amendment
That would allow slot machines to dog and horse tracks and highlight frontons in Broward and Dave counties only
But again the rest of the state. Oh, no, I see both those evil one our parents the raw-yu djuzan
Spix in the South Florida Montana second gambling for years there. Yeah
What I mean, it's not a question again. Like Florida's got more gambling than you can say
Shake your ankle at
But the fact of the matter is these people are just they're spiking their own kids
That shows you what a bunch of trailer trash they really are and then they talk about the eye for corridor
You know how you spell I for a corridor you why?
No, just like this
Like that
I'm for corridor right next
It's a thing and all this crap about well the people from the North that are coming down the Orlando area
And they're much more moderate and much more and more crap
They're much a Yahoo Bible thumb and red necks you kidding me Orlando my fat ass
Feel good
Good there's a land. Haven't heard her no more lately, you know, no, whatever happened to that child a couple of enough with her boyfriend
Rick formerly a plantation. It's assumed to be future resident Geneva Switzerland says
God help us all as the native Floridian for the last 42 years
I'm physically sick about thinking of another four years of this drug addict drug and illiterate
Whole being in power once again the next four years will be much worse than the last four how dumb is America?
I would say Americans have the dumbest society in the world
Well certainly have so-called Westernized societies Rick nobody's even close
I'm truly embarrassed to be one in fact
I've taken a page from your book. I booked myself my wife my 78 year old father the veteran of W. W. W.
2 my 74 year old mother my mother-in-law and my two dogs in a flight to Europe where I'll be looking at properties for sale
I scheduled appointments to see six properties that we leave on Friday. Well good luck to you Rick
Good idea. I thought he was joking. We've all decided that American no longer represents us. We're no longer Americans
I would go far as to say that Americans are so ignorant how ignorant are they that if I've been lawdward to send
If a nuclear bombs over in land in the middle of freakin Kansas, killing millions of people these survivors would still say
Bush, look at all the way to impeachment right right? I must have been in
Here is the fact that says you've been talking about Jews for Hitler and this morning when I went to Dunkin Donuts for a cup of coffee a very wealthy
One was holding up the entire line trying to get a discount. Oh
When he realized that he couldn't get one he said thank God for Bush
If there's any consolations the knowledge that they're gonna drag his ass off of the showers along with me
Good going you fat greedy kite you voted for people who's planning to include your death so we can have self-sales
Jesus Christ
Why?
Just because you said you fat greedy kite. I thought I was kind of I like that it was the delivery
I think yeah, you fat greedy kite
You can get him in a trine. Let's call going good
Here's a fact that says me like tossed in churned all my thinking about this crappy election
I had a bad feeling earlier on that Bush would rob another presidency now
We're gonna be a war for the next four years at least when Bush is done will be paying over five dollars per gallon
The gas he'll be one of the richest men in the US of of embarrassment
This would be my last election my oldest daughter goes to college in four years. I'm moving to Canada, eh?
Okay
Good for you
And
Last but not least what are Rocco says
After seeing the polls about the red states voting as they did listening to the talking heads about the God's Quatters
Maybe realized that those people are more self-absorbed and self-righteous than any of the Hollywood liberals in New York Jews ever were
These are the people with a bumper sticker. I'm not perfect just forgiven
Chris Matthews was droning on about the red state values winning the turnout and why they held our self-healing on the values more
Righteous and Vermont values Matthews was saying the red state is feel like they're looked down upon by the liberals
They leads etc. So they turned out like hell to show the rest of us. Well, you know what they're still trailer trash
Well guess what four years from now will still be in a down there
That's right and it's exactly where I'm thinking Rocco four years from now
You will still be in a trailer paying even more for gas that you are now sending your kids to underfunded schools
Your wages will still be stagnant. There will still be people having sex having abortions
Gambling and laughing in you as they fly over your polluted ass from New York to LA enjoy you
Right
Yeah, Barack Obama and Oate, baby
There you go, Dick Katie
26 after one at five 60 WQ and if you have guests coming for the holidays
Maybe you want to do that dirty old carpeting in your home now is the time to get rid of that carpet replace it with lemon or hardwood flooring from lemon
It designs visit lemon it designed sure home at 82 80 state would 84 in baby and choose from over
300 samples on display lemon of designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in just about a week
Call one eight seven seven eight
Laminate to set up a free new obligation in home estimate
Lemon of designs carries all the well-known lines including Wilson art quick step in per go
If you call today instead of an appointment for your free estimate
Telling me what the WQM discount for an additional 10% offer already low installation price
Lemon of designs is located in baby just off I five 95 between Pine Island Road and University Drive
Call one eight seven seven eight laminate. That's one eight seven seven eight laminate for lemon it designs the flooring company where a service comes first
You are listening to me. Oh Roger
Don't you go back to Canada you do that
Advocacy
The tree, the glory of their tree
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
O'er the seas that have found to me
560-50560 on the Verizon and Signal Wireless Lines
The poll ain't looking through promising as far as your mood
Try to cheer up a little bit, okay?
It's only going to be another four years of hell
Be over before you know it
Which applies to your feelings about the election result yesterday?
1071. All of a look at that. Who's that?
Is that David Boy standing here in the back? Who is that?
No. There must be some red sock player.
I'm not standing with Johnny Ergo and I'm going to hit John.
You've got this beautiful.
They're like some celebrities, some athletes, some like Dom Joc
I like you who that is.
Clown? Oh.
1071 votes. What's your feeling about the election?
Pist off 362. Suicidal 263. Stand in the press.
108. It ain't too great.
Glad it's an old wait a minute. 185. That is over 108.
Estatic 65. Please 33. What result 32 and in different 29?
No kivishment. I don't have any idea who that is.
For them is they really believed in that last week.
You know the only one other thing.
Besides, why should I care?
I don't know. I'll go back to the team.
72 I am. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How's it going man?
All right.
Can I just, I was just thinking about this guy ran, you know,
as far as 9-11 goes trying to get to my point.
You know, New York, New Jersey and DC were the most affected by 9-11 right?
Right.
Yeah, they weren't for carry.
You know, I mean.
Oh, overwhelmingly right.
You know, another thing.
What about this senator that I heard about that, he's against homosexuals and women
that have chosen a side of a webmarked, you know, not being teachers.
Have you heard about that one?
Yeah.
Where is that at?
That's, is that the one in, well, there's like form like that.
They're all the same.
Oh my god, man.
Where's this control?
You know, I mean, it's like, tell him on a hand, that's your baby.
Oh my god.
Stop, Carolina.
Anyways, man, I guess I'm going back to Argentina.
That's my country.
So not like that's any better, but you know, I'm a bit or two, amigo.
All right, man.
That's good.
Why do I say how do some of them not see down there?
Right.
Oh, come on.
There ain't nothing wrong with Buenos Aires.
What?
Sounds like we'd wait.
Probably is a fine place, Buenos Aires.
I don't remember being there.
Certainly can't have more Nazis than the one more places if you're going to go down there.
That's right.
And the Nazis there are so much better.
That's what Javier Ross had.
Two Nazis here are much more benign as opposed to the Malignant ones we got now that are
running the country.
Very, very sad.
Fascism.
You see, it had to happen much more in a much more different way.
Although in 2000, they were able to go ahead, steal election in broad daylight.
Everybody knew it.
And they did it in Cohoots with the so-called Supreme Court.
And they're fine.
They're a token Thomas on here, and Scalia and Rancoris who is dying over there.
And it happened right there in the media.
You see the American media when the history of this chapter of history goes down.
And about, trust me when I tell you this.
The American media is going to take the brunt of the criticism because they're the ones
who have been the co-conspirators for their embedding in Iraq, and they've been
in bed with them all along.
Yeah, but they're covering up for all of this crap.
We never heard one more word about Valerie Plane.
We never, all of a sudden, the whole thing about Abu Gharr, that all dried up.
About the secret media's chain he had with his so-called energy people, with Kenny Boyley and all of those crooks.
Nothing.
You people in the media, man, if anybody ought to be out of business, if anybody ought to be in jail,
you people have advocated the responsibility of totally sold out.
You just a bunch of pitchman, carnival barkers, or showmen like that crossfire crap they got on there.
No, no, that's a stakeover.
Crossfire!
Even Novak, even the Nazi that he is.
Just another clown in the circus, that's all he's turned into.
And that's silly queen with a bow tie, and James Carvell with his bald head,
who's as illiterate as the day is long, who was talking to the other.
He was talking last week one day on air, but he kept repeating it $200 million in here.
And that would be bad for business.
You grave robbers, you lunatics, you peddlers of puke!
$152 a queue, am I getting my point across?
No, say to get it. I'll work on it tomorrow.
Hey, now's the time to save like never before.
Armstrong Ford, a home state where they absolutely must clear out all remaining O-Force to make room for the 2005.
You'll save like never before, and all remaining O-Force and stuck ready for immediate delivery.
And all the O-Force are in and ready to roll out right now, when in that they're going to roll them out.
Plus, for a limited time, get 0% financing on any of the following.
Explorer is escaped, focuses, toruses, and mustangs, certain restrictions apply.
The lots of Armstrong Ford, a home state are jammed, with moral fires coming in every day,
and the cutting prices are like crazy to save you a lot of cash.
Armstrong Ford offers more value to you, like I always tell you, when you buy your Ford and Armstrong Ford,
you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
So if you've been wanting a new car, but I'm putting it off, wait not another second.
David Rich in the Staff at Armstrong Ford, a home state will guarantee you the best price anywhere,
and don't forget, because they're locally owned and operated and want to make you a customer for life.
They'll treat you well, just like family.
And I guarantee I bet you a great and the water Nazis life.
Sovereign means that, sovereign.
You're a, you've been given sovereignty, and your view is a sovereign entity.
And therefore, the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
Right, let's give Mad Dog a few seconds back that we school for me yesterday.
Here both automatic means, half-unated like a jitter's at the GOP.
Then this was David Rich's time, no, it's not.
Thought she's the oppressed, grew with her name.
I want to talk just a few seconds, that would just stop.
Third, man.
And a broad-thirth governor, that's a proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of his proud of
you who our people awesome bright girls you're stars with four hearts that you have most if you want yo's feet
Тنnyf
We those are my oldest goodness
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, he's a coward now, he's either bold, that's all, I'm not a bad guy now, he's just selfish, he's over one, he's hurting, he's hurting, he's hurting, he's hurting, he's hurting, he's hurting, he is hurting, he's hurting, he's hurting my ass, he's hurting, he's hurting, he's hurting, your ass, hurting my ass, hurting someone now, he's hurting me, old man, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy, no, alright, losing him, do you remember, he's hurting, he's hurting, my ass, get him milk, I'm not a bad guy now,
Thank you.
